
    Chapter Text
    Klaus had been searching for Katerina Petrova for 500 years. He had caught a lead that she was headed back to Mystic Falls- again. Was Elijah protecting Katerina, or Katherine, as she now called herself? He laughed aloud as the absurdity of it was too much to bear. His noble brother now plotting against him as the others had done, and failed to do for centuries.  Klaus' network of spies and witches had told him that Elijah wished for him to be dead. So he was in Mystic Falls, or as they used to call it "home"? Dead! The brother that had protected him and saved his life a thousand times wanted him dead because he thought he threw the family coffins in the ocean? He laughed this time until he wanted to weep. Klaus did not think that Elijah could find the coffins where he hid Finn, Kol, Rebekah, and of course, Mother.  Surely, Elijah would not end his miserable existence without first finding the rest of the family. Klaus had the location well-hidden and cloaked by not one, but two covens of witches.  To think though, that anyone would think he would let go of his beloved family by tossing them in the sea? It was absurd.  Klaus was protecting his family from Mikael, who would never stop hunting them.Some nights after a murderous feast of draining innocent souls, Klaus would fall into a stupor. He would dream of his Marcellus, the boy he rescued and brought up so long ago...Mikael had ended him in New Orleans almost a century ago. Now Marcel was gone for good, as perhaps they all were. He was truly alone. Klaus wiped a tear away. What was happening to him? With his enhanced Original vampire senses, Klaus heard an ambulance, as he strolled around in a quiet neighborhood. Curiosity led him to vamp nearer to the sound. In front of a white house on 2104 Maple Street, Klaus saw a man being wheeled out in a stretcher. His hand was bandaged and he seemed disoriented. About to move on, a light breeze brought the scent of...no other than Katerina Petrova. She was here, or had been here. Klaus smiled. He would find her, break the curse, and make himself an army of hybrids. He would never be alone again.Then, something else caught his ear. It sounded like yelling. Klaus vamped up to an open window on the second floor to be able to look in the window. Klaus' eyes widened. Was that Stefan? The Ripper of Monterey himself? He hadn't seen him since he compelled him in the 1920s in Chicago. What in the devil was he doing here? Stefan was grabbing the face of a young teen and looking very sternly at him.  "I am very sorry about Anna, but it's very important that you listen to me right now. With every passing moment, Anna's blood is leaving your system. If you try to kill yourself right now, you could really die," Stefan emphasized.The boy looked away.Stefan yelled, "Hey!" as he slapped the boy's face lightly.  "Do you understand me?" A girl with long brown hair said, "Stefan..." It seemed that she cared about this boy. My god, she looked like Katerina! But she did not have her scent. The boy muttered, "Yeah, I understand."

Stefan said, "Good." He then stood next to the woman after getting up. Klaus did not think this was Katherine at all. Her whole affect, posture, and accent were all different. Yes, that face was so similar.  The young woman then asked Stefan, "What about the pills that he took?"Stefan told her, "He didn't take enough to die so Anna's blood actually healed him of that."

Someone knocked on the door and said, "Miss Gilbert?" Stefan seemed to alerted that someone was near. Klaus vamped down to the street, intrigued and confused. Was this yet another doppelgänger? Maybe it didn't matter anymore.  Klaus went to feed and then to sleep. He dreamt of having a family of his own. Maybe an army of hybrids wasn't the way to go anymore?   The next night, Klaus found himself watching the same white house. He sensed another vampire near with the Power. This time, Klaus watched from a bit further away on a telephone pole. He saw some kind of lover's quarrel. Klaus heard, "You want to shut out the pain? It's the easiest thing in the world. The part of you that cares just goes away, all you have to do is flip the switch and snap!" Then, he saw a dark haired vampire snap the boy from last night's neck. The boy seemed to fall down dead. The "Miss Gilbert" from last night cried out, "Damon! NO!" Klaus saw the other vampire quickly flee and he vamped closer to the window until he had a clear view of the scene inside.  The girl seemed relieved that the boy was wearing a large ring. He could hear her heartbeat slow. She left the room for a moment. Something about this boy tugged at his long dead heart. Did the boy remind him of Marcel? Kol? He wasn't sure, but he felt an urge to help this human. Since Klaus hadn't been invited in, he could not enter the house. He decided to make some preparations for the future.***The Next MorningThe next morning Jeremy woke up with a terrible headache. "Jer, Jer, are you okay?" Elena inquired. "Ow, my neck. Yeah, I am alive, I guess," Jeremy grimaced. He had been hoping for death or to be a vampire right now. Anna had given him her blood, but that didn't work out so well. He was pretty sure if Elena hadn't been there, Stefan would have put him back over his knee again. That dude had anger issues. He was always so serious, but at least he didn't try to kill him like Damon did.  "What do you remember?" Elena asked with a worried frown. "Elena, it's all kind of a blur. The blood, the pills, Stefan yelling at me, then Damon yelling at you and blam! I was out like a light," Jeremy admitted. "Damon snapped your neck. The ring John gave you saved your life. I was terrified that you would still end up a vampire," Elena admitted. "No, Elena. I feel okay. What else is wrong? You look like you haven't slept?" Jeremy said with concern. "Mayor Lockwood's funeral service is today. We have to go over to the Lockwood mansion. Damon might be there, wear this bracelet, okay?" Elena said carefully clasping the vervain bracelet around his wrist.  "That's fine. We should go to the house to pay our respects," Jeremy said seriously.  "I thought you were fighting with Tyler," Elena blurted out. "We haven't always seen eye to eye, but he likes some of my artwork. Plus, I feel bad for the guy, losing his dad and not having any siblings. I was lucky to have you," Jeremy admitted.  "Me, too, Jer. I'm just so glad you are alright. I'm going to kill Damon when I see him," Elena said with fury.  "No worries, Elena. Don't give Damon the satisfaction," Jeremy said plainly, hugging Elena tightly. "I'll meet you in the car in 20 minutes. I'm going to call Stefan before we leave for the Lockwood thing. I made coffee," Elena said pulling out her mobile phone. Elena laced the coffee with vervain. If she couldn't keep her brother safe from vampires, then what use was anything?  *** Klaus felt something like hope. This boy who tried to kill himself or turn himself into a vampire needed him. And Klaus...He needed an heir again. This time he would make it work, no matter what. As soon as Jeremy left the house to leave, Klaus vamped over to him. "Hello," Klaus said gazing in his eyes. "Ah, hi, can I help you with something?" Jeremy said politely. What had this guy come from?  "I want you to follow me into my car. You will not yell or scream. You will do what I tell you until I get into the car," Klaus compelled him. "What? Who the fuck are you, man? I'm calling the cops!" Jeremy screamed. It was only then that Klaus saw the bracelet. It must be vervain.  Without a thought, Klaus vamped the boy into the waiting truck. He would have a son no matter what. He put him into a headlock until the boy passed out cold. Elena came out a few minutes later and yelled Jeremy's name. However, there was no responses.*** A few hours later, Jeremy woke up in a large bedroom.  He few dizzy and disoriented. Where was he?  There was a tray of sandwiches on a small table in front of a large screen tv.  The windows were locked and there was some coating so he couldn't make out what was outside. Jeremy ran to the door only to find it was locked.  "Let me out of here, you freak! Or I'm going to break down this freaking door," Jeremy screamed pounding on the door. He felt his pocket for his phone. Gone.  Jeremy heard a click and as he was about to kick the door, it opened. ***Klaus stepped into the room to see the furious boy. The boy was slender and lightly muscled with light brown hair. He had intense eyes and a petulant expression on his face. Under the circumstances, Klaus could not blame the lad.  "Normally, I would welcome you to my home. Yet I see we are still in a state of angst," Klaus laughed lightly. "Angst? What the fuck are you talking about, you dick? What is going on? Who are you and why did you kidnap me? Are you some kind of pervert?" Jeremy spluttered. "Oh my, what a salty tongue you have, young man. That will not do. I have known pirates who did not dare speak with such disrespect to me," Klaus mused. This might be a tad more difficult than he anticipated. "Fuck off. Let me go now, I know vampires...and werewolves. You will be dead if you don't let me go, you prick!" Jeremy spat. "Oh dear, I see that a more direct introduction is in order. My name is Niklaus Mikaelson.  You mentioned vampires and werewolves. Well, son, I am the hybrid. For a millennia, my family has reigned supreme over all other supernatural creatures. And I have chosen you, my boy, to be my heir. You should be grateful." Klaus said with total confidence.  "Son? I'm not your damn son. A hybrid? I never heard of such a thing. I think you are out of your damn mind. An heir, to what? Just take me home now and I won't have you arrested," Jeremy pleaded.  "Arrested? Ha, you really don't believe me do you? I supposed I'll have to prove it to you. Nicole, love, come here," Klaus called out to the hallway. A small gorgeous, woman with dark, curly hair appeared. She was shapely and gazed at the handsome blond man lustily. "Yes, master?" she replied quietly. "I am hungry," Klaus said simply. The woman bared her slim, light brown neck and walked towards Klaus.  With a look at Jeremy, his eyes flashed yellow and his fangs appeared.  Klaus sunk them into the woman's neck and drank deeply for a moment.Jeremy was stunned for a moment. Shit! It was true. His fight or flight instincts kicked in and Jeremy immediately ran for the open door. He made it out to a long hallway. Klaus stopped drinking and thanked Nicole, dismissing her back to her work.  He vamped to Jeremy as he reached the long double staircase of the mansion. Klaus grabbed him as gently as possible and whispered into his ear, "You are my son now. You will not flee. Do you understand? If you do, there will be consequences." "If you are going to kill me, do it now!" Jeremy panted, trying to break out of Klaus' iron grip. "Would a father kill a son for running away? Nay, but I might have to give you a good hiding and sent you to your room," Klaus laughed. "Hiding? You are going to skin me? Oh Jesus, just let me out of here," Jeremy cried horrified as his imagination ran away with him. "No, I shall not flay you, my son. But I will spank you if needed to teach you some manners and how to respect your elders. This is something I fear your generation has failed to learn. I will also take care of you and teach you how to run a kingdom. I heard you say you wanted to be vampire. If you still want to be a vampire when you are 30, I will turn you. No sooner though," Klaus seemed to be talking to himself. He was remembering Marcel and how he had begged for immortality. "Spank me? What the hell is it with you vampires? I'm in fucking high school, not a baby. Also, I don't want to run a kingdom. I am an artist. I want to draw and go to art school, for fuck's sake!" Jeremy shouted. "An artist? Is this true? I am also a bit of an artist. When you can calm down, I'll show you my studio. Right now, I want you to settle down and eat something. I know this has all been a shock. I will let this little episode slide, but the next time I will not be so lenient with you," Klaus said pushing the boy back into the bedroom with a resounding smack on the seat of his pants.  "Ouch!" Jeremy whined as his hands shot back to protect his backside. That one swat from Klaus seemed to sting more than the whole spanking he got from Stefan a few weeks back for fighting. Jeremy felt a tinge of respect for this ancient creature.  Klaus chuckled,"Oh son, I feel like this was meant to be. Now tell me your name." Jeremy went to say something sarcastic but he saw Klaus arch his eyebrow and the sting in his rear made him think twice. Klaus guided him to sit on the bed.  "Jeremy Gilbert," Jeremy said in a more respectful tone, wincing at the sting as he sat carefully. "Tell me about yourself, Jeremy," Klaus said in an even tone. Jeremy told Klaus about his parents' accident, his sister, his Aunt Jenna, and a little about Vicky.  Once the words started, he found it easier. Klaus seemed to be interested. "Well, son, I appreciate you telling me these things and being honest.  Now, eat your lunch and get some rest. There are books and a television here. I'll have Nicole bring you some sketchbooks and art supplies later," Klaus said looking kindly at the boy.  "Can I ask you a question?" Jeremy asked quietly. "You may," Klaus nodded. "If you are a vampire, or hybrid, why don't you just compel me?" Jeremy wondered. Klaus laughed at the boy's cleverness. "I tried, dear boy. It seems you have ingested vervain or wear it on your person. Or both. I think your sister may have tried to protect you with the issues going on in Mystic Falls right now. That was smart of her." "Oh," Jeremy said, tearing up at mention of his sister. "Worry not, your sister will get word soon that you are safe. Much safer than you have been without my protection," Klaus smiled, patting the boy on the shoulder. "Thanks, I guess," Jeremy muttered. "I will promise you that I will never compel you. Or at least not, without your permission.  As my son, I also never lie to you. I know that you are not ready to make me the same promise, but I hope you will in the future. Now eat and rest, we shall talk later," Klaus said, locking the door behind him.  Jeremy almost wanted to call the vampire back for a second. Jeremy's head was spinning. This hybrid wanted to make him a son, a king, a vampire? It was a lot to take in. He had to admit that a part of him felt a little less empty. He hadn't felt this way since before Vicky died. Jeremy flipped to his stomach and fell into a deep sleep. 
  
    Chapter Text
    True to his word, Klaus sent Nicole up with art materials for Jeremy. There was a second when Jeremy considered making a run for the door. Yet at that moment, Nicole started yelling at him in French or a similar language. Jeremy noticed that she was indicating the tray of untouched food."I'm sorry. I'll eat it now," he said. He was actually starving.She said, "No, petit garçon I will bring you something else."Did she just call me a little boy? Jeremy wondered. He wished he had paid more attention in French, but he had been pretty high the year he took it.A few minutes later, Nicole brought him a steaming tray of food. There was pizza, steak, fries, grilled cheese and a bottle of Coke.  It was almost as if Klaus knew what he usually ordered at the Mystic Grill.  Jeremy ate at least half of the food while looking at the art materials Klaus sent to him. There was a beautiful Italian leather bound sketchbook, a small watercolor kit, charcoal pencils, colored pencils, and all the supplies he would need. Before long, Jeremy had finished his food and began to sketch lightly in the journal.  The room had a large marble bathroom and a closet full of clothes in his size.  As Jeremy was checking out the television, Klaus came in."Have you found the quarters to your satisfaction?" Klaus said looking hopeful."Ah, yeah. Thanks. I mean, it's really nice but I can't stay here," Jeremy blurted out."Oh, but you will, Son," Klaus said with conviction."I have a family, friends...A life, dammit. And I told you, I'm not your freaking son," Jeremy said realizing that he had to go.  Elena and Jenna would be worried by now. "I was at your window and I heard how you either tried to kill yourself or tried to turn yourself into a vampire. Now if you were so happy with your life, why would you do that? Hmm...? I'm going to save you," Klaus mused."Fuck that. I made a mistake. My old girlfriend died and I freaked okay. I got hooked on drugs and ...yeah, I was a goddamn mess. But it is my life. I don't want to be your prisoner," Jeremy said slamming the rest of the food tray to the floor. The leftovers spilled all over the carpet.Klaus just smiled slowly."Son, I was just about to give you a tour of your new home. Yet, I see you need to calm down a bit. Perhaps a time out in the corner is in order," Klaus said, vamping over and leading Jeremy to the corner of the room."I'm not a kid. I'm not going to stand in the fucking corner because my kidnapper makes me. Screw you," Jeremy sputtered still enraged.Klaus held the boys arms gently as he tried to twist out of his grasp. "Now, you can stand here like a big boy by yourself or you can stand here with a hot bottom. What will it be?" Klaus said in a condescending and patient voice.Jeremy's face grew red. He was not a fucking kid.Crack! Crack! Crack! Klaus's palm struck his backside rapidly three times.Jeremy instantly shouted, "Big boy! Okay.... I'll stand like a big boy!" Jeremy felt his face flame hotly. He had never been treated like this, even when Stefan took him to task weeks earlier for his fight with Tyler."That's what I thought. I know this isn't easy for you," Klaus said to Jeremy's back, as Jeremy rubbed his backside. "But I really think that this could be the best thing for both of us, okay?" Jeremy sniffed and nodded, "Okay."Jeremy held back the tears that threatened to fall.Klaus went over and cleaned up the tray of food Jeremy threw.  He was proud that he was being so patient with the boy who seemed determined to test him. He really did not want to crush his spirit, but this wasn't gong to work if the boy was completely out of control."Are you ready to behave now? If so, you can come over here and talk to me," Klaus said calmly."Yeah," Jeremy said, wiping the tears of frustration out of his eyes. He repeated to himself that he would not cry in front of this guy. He turned and slowly walked back to Klaus who was sitting in an arm chair need the bed. "Calmer now?" Klaus said with a hint of a smile. "Yes, I think so," Jeremy said ashamed of his outburst. "I just really need to go home."
"Jeremy, you are home. Now come, I'll show you around," Klaus said brightly.Jeremy figured he would have to play the game until he could escape. He also thought that he had better control his temper as his backside was smarting sharply.Klaus led Jeremy out of the long hallway and down the stairs.  
"This is the foyer. And this is what they call the great room. Be careful, it's a sunken floor. Watch your step," Klaus said indicating the short set of stairs. The house was luxurious and decorated in a clean palette of whites and grays. Jeremy sucked in his breath when he said the view outside. He saw water outside. "Fuck, man, you must be rich as hell. Where the fuck are we?""Manners, Son. That's not very polite. Do you need to have another time out? Maybe with a bar of soap in your mouth?" Klaus threatened."No, I'm just shocked. I guess we are not in Mystic Falls anymore. Are we even in the country?" Jeremy asked in a fake calm voice."When I can trust you more, I will answer that question.  As you can see, we are in a place of great beauty and solitude. I think if you try, you can be very happy here," Klaus said gazing out at the water. Jeremy had to agree that it was beautiful, all the whites and blues. He had an urge to paint the scene in front of him. He noticed a wide deck around the back of the house full of plants and fountains. There were chaise lounge chairs and umbrellas. It looked like paradise. Klaus showed him the lower levels. There was a movie theater, a game room, a library, an office area, two kitchens, a greenhouse, a boat house, an indoor and outdoor pool area, a dining room, another sitting room. Klaus mentioned that his quarters were next to Jeremy's. There was also a servant wing where Nicole and a few other full-time staff lived. Jeremy felt like he was in a movie or something. "It is beautiful, but I already have a house," Jeremy said after Klaus sat him down in the kitchen to make them tea. "I have many houses all over the world, Jeremy. I find that none of them become home without  family being present," Klaus said pouring the tea.  "Thanks," Jeremy said automatically. "It's chamomile, like my mother used to make. It should calm you down," Klaus said."I am pretty fucking calm for someone kidnapped and held against his will," Jeremy spouted in a huff. "Drink your tea," Klaus warned."No, it's probably poisoned or something," Jeremy snipped. "I want you to be my son. I will not harm you. Yet, I'm starting to feel like you may need a firmer hand, boy," Klaus said carefully."And beating me isn't harming me? Fuck!" Jeremy said rubbing his backside slightly."Jeremy, I would never beat you! I spent my human life cowering from my own father's whip. He was a brutal man who hated me. But I will not hesitate to discipline you lovingly when you need it. Now drink your tea, please," Klaus said softly. Jeremy paused. He felt like if he drank the tea then he was accepting that he was Klaus' son. Could he do that to Jenna and Elena? No, he had to fight to remain himself.Jeremy picked up the cup as if to drink and threw it in Klaus' face scalding him.Klaus cried out in shock and brought his hands to his face. Jeremy ran to the front door and pulled them open. To his horror, there was water on this side also. They were on an island!***Klaus' burn healed almost instantly. He caught Jeremy easily and tossed him over his shoulder. Jeremy screamed and kicked and punched, but it was if he was attacking concrete. Klaus vamped him up to his room and put him on the bed."I'm going to go change. I am too furious to deal with you now. You best think of some ways to control that temper whist I am gone," Klaus growled. He closed and locked the door behind him.Jeremy was furious. He ran to the door and kicked it. Then, he took a desk chair and tried to throw it against the door. It was heavier than it looked and basically, it just fell over. Jeremy worked himself into quite a sweat.  He needed a shower.  Surely, Klaus wouldn't come in while he was bathing.  The warm water finally worked to calm Jeremy down. He wanted to cry over this whole thing. A part of him felt terrible guilt because he was relieved to be away from home. Jenna was rarely there and when she was, she was with Alaric. Elena was consumed with her issues. Vicky was dead, Anna gone, and what else did he have but stress?  Jeremy came out of the shower and found a drawer full of sweatpants and t-shirts. He got dressed and sat on the bed, waiting for Klaus.***About an hour later, he heard the door unlock and heard a knock."Come in," Jeremy called. To his surprise, it was Nicole with another tray of food. This time it was just a cheeseburger and onion rings.  Jeremy ate it hungrily. He realized that Nicole had left his door unlocked.Jeremy opened the door and walked the other way down the hallway. He tapped on the door. "Come in," Klaus said in a level tone.Jeremy opened the door to find Klaus painting a landscape of the sea. It was stylized and the colors were bright and intense.Jeremy gushed, "Wow, man, that's beautiful. You're really good." Klaus kept painting and said, "Thank you. I trust you are over your little fit. I believe the calming effects work better if you drink the tea, not douse people with it.""About that, I'm sorry. You were right about some things. I have been miserable lately in my old life. To like it here, feels like I'm betraying my whole life. I shouldn't have thrown that tea at you," Jeremy said ashamed."Thank you for your apology, son. You know I still have to punish you for this though," Klaus said, glancing at him, as he switched brushes. "But I apologized. Isn't that enough?" Jeremy said confused."Is it? I think not. Now, come, let's get this over with. Then, perhaps we can watch a movie or talk about art," Klaus said gesturing to Jeremy to come forward."Ah, what are you going to do?" Jeremy squealed, knowing exactly what he was going to do."Teach you a lesson about what happens when you disobey me. Now come," Klaus said patting his lap.Jeremy turned to flee. Klaus vamped and caught him. There was a small couch near one of Klaus' easels. He dragged the struggling boy over and sat down with him locked in between his knees."You are testing me to see how much of your naughtiness I will put up with. Well, you are about to find out. Now, over," Klaus said, flipping Jeremy over his lap. Jeremy couldn't believe this was happening to him again. With Stefan, it had been unexpected, but at least Klaus had warned him. Jeremy's hands grabbed Klaus' leg as Klaus's left arm held him firmly in place. Swat! Swat! Swat!Klaus smacked down lightly on Jeremy's backside. "I am very disappointed that you would attack me like that, young man," Klaus said smacking all over Jeremy's seat a little firmer.Jeremy's face was ablaze again, the smacks hardly hurt over his sweatpants. This was humiliating, Jeremy thought to himself. I get kidnapped and then get a over the knee spanking. What else can happen?"Lift up. I think these trousers need to come down, eh? A few good cracks on your bare behind will teach you to throw things in my face," Klaus lectured as he pulled down Jeremy's pants to below his backside.  "No, please," Jeremy pleaded as he felt the air on his bare bottom.Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!Klaus gave him five firm whacks on his bare backside. Jeremy kicked and started to cry, more in shame than pain. Though, those last smacks had stung.Klaus rubbed his back and said, "Okay, it's over. All done."

"That's it?" Jeremy asked surprised, still sniffling. "I thought you were going to spank me harder than Stefan did."

"Stefan spanked you, eh? Was that your first time?" Klaus asked gently. The boy seemed to have a very low pain tolerance."Yes, I tried to cut this kid with a broken bottle in a fist fight. It was the first time I ever even got a swat before. It hurt more than I expected," Jeremy confessed."I bet," Klaus smiled, sitting Jeremy up and pulling him to him.Jeremy cried a little more with his head on Klaus' shoulder."I forgive you. You are a good lad. Shhh, shhh. It's over. You've missed having a dad, huh?" Klaus whispered.Jeremy nodded, realizing how true it was. Grayson had been a busy doctor, but he was always there for his kids when they needed them. "Now, that was a very light preview of what you will get the next time you misbehave. The next time, you won't sit for a week or maybe I'll..." Klaus said, still cuddling the boy to him, "just tickle you..."Klaus started tickling Jeremy until the boy was laughing uncontrollably. "Stop, stop! I have to go to the bathroom. Please," Jeremy begged as Klaus continued to tickle him under his arms and then his feet. Finally, after a few minutes, Klaus stood him up."Go rest now," Klaus ordered with a light swat to his backside. "Yes, sir. I don't know what is worse, you spanking me or tickling me. I swear, no more tea!" Jeremy joked as he went to his room. ***Klaus smiled to himself. He knew he had gone very easy on the boy. Perhaps that had been a mistake, but he couldn't bring himself to be harder. After all, he had put the lad through an ordeal. Klaus had a sense that Jeremy needed him as much as he needed Jeremy. If not, he would return him to his former life unscathed. Yet, he had a feeling that would not be necessary. 
  
    Chapter Text
    The next week passed in a blur for Jeremy. He and Klaus began to paint together every day. They had lunch on the deck, served by Nicole. Jeremy met the other servants, there was a butler and a gardener. There was also a man who did maintenance named Raul.  Supplies had to be shipped into the little island.  Jeremy thought that if he had any chance of escaping, it would have to be on that boat. In the evenings, Klaus was teaching Jeremy to play chess. He would also share his love of books with Jeremy. Jeremy liked the horror stories and finished several in one sitting. Klaus promised to get a letter to Elena, if he wrote one. Jeremy started to write a hundred times, but couldn't finish the letter.  "Klaus, have you ever done sculpture?" Jeremy asked him one afternoon. Raul offered to teach him how to weld if they got the supplies. Jeremy had sketched out a couple of designs for large pieces. "When I was a boy, I stole my father's knife to carve little figures for my siblings. Wolves, bears, deer, things like that," Klaus mused. "Did you father catch you?" Jeremy asked fascinated. He had never had to steal a thing. His parents had provided for his every want."No, but he assumed I stole it anyway. I got a terrible beating for that one. My sister had to thrown herself in front of me to stop him from killing me," Klaus said lost for a moment in the painful memory."I'm sorry to bring up stuff like that," Jeremy said regretting asking more about the story."No, it was worth it. Father never found the knife.  He knew I had taken it, but he could never prove it. It drove him mad," Klaus shared."Why did he hate you?" Jeremy ventured. The story really didn't make sense to him."I never knew. Truly. I am not sure he even knew," Klaus shared."Will you teach me how to whittle like that? I mean, sometime?" Jeremy asked."Of course. Now, let's clean our brushes, it's almost time for dinner," Klaus said happily. ***Another thing Jeremy was learning was how to fish.  One day, after they had catch a few off of the deck. Jeremy actually realized the mansion was on the bay. Nicole asked him to clean the catches.  Jeremy said he would and then went to shower and forgot. "Mr. Jeremy, I asked you to clean the fish and then you left them and never did it!" Nicole exclaimed later that night."Oh, Nicole, I meant to do it. I just forgot," Jeremy said with attitude."Well, the fish were spoiled in the heat. Next time, do not forget, eh?" Nicole scolded. "Jesus Christ. Big fuckin' deal.  Forget it. You're the maid here, not me!" Jeremy sputtered under his breath.Nicole froze and turned to glare at him."What? Are you going to tell my 'dad' that I got smart with you again? Go ahead," Jeremy smirked. Klaus had warned him to treat the staff with respect. Jeremy's parents had always wanted he and Elena to focus on their studies. They had no chores or responsibilities around the house.  Nicole nodded and said, "Yes, Mr. Jeremy, I will tell him then, if that is your orders."Jeremy went down to the game room to play darts and some pinball. He felt a twinge of guilt every now and then about Nicole. She had been nothing but good to him since he got here. His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of someone coming down the stairs.Jeremy turned around and saw Klaus standing there looking irked. "Hey, Klaus, what's up?" Jeremy said feeling a bit alarmed. "I just had a nice chat with Nicole," Klaus said slowly."Oh, yeah, I forgot to clean the fish. She was kind of a bitch about it. It's not like I killed anyone," Jeremy lamely joked. 

"Oh, didn't I warn you to treat the staff with respect? And, didn't I warn you to mind that tongue?" Klaus reminded Jeremy."Oh, it's no big deal. I didn't mean anything by it," Jeremy pouted."Well, you will apologize," Klaus started."Yeah, I will, jeez, it's no biggie," Jeremy interrupted.Klaus cut in, "You will apologize after you get a good spanking, that is."

A cold slice of fear cut through Jeremy. Really, another spanking? For what?"Klaus, it's not a big deal. I hardly did anything," Jeremy whined, backing away."Jeremy, if you truly believe that, then you need your backside warmed up even more than I thought you did," Klaus admitted.Klaus glanced around the game room and picked up one of two paddleball racquets on the game shelves. "This shall do nicely," Klaus said hefting the round paddle."Klaus, I'm sorry. Really, you don't have to do this," Jeremy begged, now afraid of the consequences of his smart mouth."Son, I'm afraid I do. Now, come here," Klaus said sitting down on the leather couch in front of the tv. Jeremy glanced up at the door. Would Nicole be able to hear from down here?  Klaus followed his gaze and said, "If you don't come here right now. I'm going to march you to the kitchen and paddle you in front of Nicole, young man. Now, over here." Jeremy saw that he was serious and trudged over to where Klaus was sitting. He gazed at him with big eyes hoping to look sorry. In truth, he was irritated that Nicole had made such a big deal over this. "You are going to learn some respect if I have to smack you every night for a week. Now over," Klaus demanded as he gripped Jeremy's bicep and flipped him over his left knee. Klaus set the paddle down on the couch.  "Now, you can start by telling me why you are over my knee right now," Klaus asked, bringing his palm down in a soft pat.Jeremy sucked in his breath and tensed."I was rude to Nicole," Jeremy choked out. Smack! Klaus swatted him in the middle of his behind."And?" Klaus asked punctuating his question with two more hard whacks. Crack. Crack."I didn't do what I said I would do," Jeremy confessed realizing that this was going to be quite a different experience from the first spanking he got from Klaus. "And?" Klaus prompted. Spank! Spank! Spank!Jeremy panicked, not sure what to say. "Ouch! Oww. Ah, I was rude?" Smack! Smack! Smack!"You said that. What else did you do?" Klaus said now bringing the flat of his palm down on the seat of the boy's pants in a steady fashion.Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!Jeremy was starting to struggle and couldn't think as the swats reigned down on his burning behind. "Ouch! I made fun of her for being the maid," Jeremy yelled out.Crack. Crack."Yes, you need to respect the people who help you, not make fun of them," Klaus said pausing."Now stand up," Klaus said sternly."No! Please don't pull down my pants. It already stings," Jeremy screeched in panic."If you don't comply, you will be getting another spanking tonight before you go to bed. Now stand," Klaus demanded with a swat to Jeremy's thigh."No! I can't. I learned my lesson. Stop!" Jeremy cried."You will regret getting another spanking on top of this one tonight, young man," Klaus assured him as he yanked him up by force. Jeremy fought to hold up his shorts.  Klaus gripped both of his hands to the front and pulled down both his shorts and underwear with one hand to bare his behind. This boy was sorely overdue for some strict discipline. Klaus glanced to check the condition of his son's bottom. It was only light pink in some areas."Your backside is hardly pink. Now, settle down," Klaus chided the thrashing teen. He arranged him so his hands were supporting him and he pinned Jeremy's legs with his right leg. Klaus pulled his pants down to his knees."Sorry, it stings. I can't," Jeremy continued to carry on. Klaus rolled his eyes at the boy's dramatics as he picked up the round paddleball racquet. It had a weight to it, but was not overly heavy.Klaus rested the paddle on Jeremy's bare cheeks a moment to calm him down. It felt cool for a moment to Jeremy on his burning behind. "Now, I want you to think of how Nicole felt when you spoke to her that way," Klaus prompted as he brought the paddle down smartly.Pop!Jeremy howled and tried to kick his legs. He pounded the floor with his fists, but didn't try to reach back. His backside was on fire. Pop! Pop! Pop!Klaus could tell that the paddle stung as the boy wailed and fought to move his backside out of the target range. Swat! Swat! Klaus swatted a bit lower to address Jeremy's sit spots.  "You are going to apologize to Nicole and then you are getting your mouth soaped out. Any time you talk back, lie, or curse, maybe that will help you remember to mind your tongue," Klaus promised swatting the boy's sit spots twice more. Jeremy's arm came back to try to protect his backside."Hand down!" 
Pop! Pop."I'm sorry. No, please. I've had enough. NO!" Jeremy sobbed.Klaus paddled the center of Jeremy's behind ten more times letting the swats do the talking.Crack! Crack. Swat. Smack. Smack. Smack. Pop. Pop. Pop. Smack!Jeremy stopped struggling and took the last few blows without whining.Klaus rubbed his burning backside with the paddle."Now, we're going to go up and apologize. I'm bringing this paddle because if your apology is not sufficient, you will get another spanking in front of her. Do you understand?" Klaus asked, lightly swatting the red cheeks in front of him."Yes!" Jeremy cried out. "I will." With his pants still around his knees, Klaus marched Jeremy up to the kitchen. He gave him a light swat with the paddle every time the boy slowed down or tried to beg for mercy. Nicole was chopping vegetables at the island.  "Young Jeremy has something to say to you, Nicole," Klaus said pushing the boy forward and setting the paddle down on the counter. Jeremy's shirt was providing him with some modesty, but Jeremy also covered himself up with his hands for good measure. "Nicole, I am sorry for not cleaning the fish and..." Jeremy started tears were dripping down his red face.  "Keep going," Klaus swatted him with his hand on the upper thigh,"for getting smart with you and making that comment. Would you please forgive me?" Jeremy asked crying softly."Go show her your red backside," Klaus prompted. Jeremy, with a face as red as his flaming backside, turned to show her the damage. Nicole's eye's widened as the paddle turned the whole area red and sore. "I will forgive you, but only if you give me a hug," Nicole said coming over to embrace the chastened boy. Jeremy clamped on to her and cried for a minute on her shoulder whispering that he was sorry, as she comforted him.Klaus said, "Jeremy, your punishment isn't over. Let's deal with that dirty mouth." Klaus rinsed a newly unwrapped bar of white soap at the sink to lather it up. "Open and do not spit it out. You have already earned another spanking tonight and I don't think your behind can take more right now," Klaus cautioned popping the bar into the boy's mouth.He then led him to the corner of the kitchen after directing him to hold up his shirt. Nicole glanced at Jeremy's bright red bottom and smiled at Klaus.  He smiled back and then glanced at the kitchen clock. Nicole left to get some laundry done.Klaus busied himself by making more tea and then released the boy after five minutes. Klaus helped Jeremy rinse his mouth out. Jeremy frowned at the residual taste of the soap.  "Now, go to your room. You can have dinner up there. I'll come up after your bath and put you to bed, well, after you get another good thrashing," Klaus said kissing the boy on the forehead. Jeremy was about to argue about getting spanked again when he realized he was bare bottomed. He nodded and went up to his room.***Jeremy laid on his bed and cried for a while longer. His rear end smarted terribly, but he was embarrassed and angry. Some at his father and some at himself. Wait, did he just think of Klaus as his dad? What was happening to him. He still had that soap taste in his mouth. Would it ever go away?Jeremy fell asleep half naked. He woke up and found his dinner tray on the table. He ate quickly and then took his shower. Klaus had given him a bedtime of ten and he made it back in bed but barely. Jeremy fumed that he was too old for this treatment, then he remember the look on Nicole's face and realized he deserved this and more.  Klaus came in shortly after and Jeremy was relieved that he didn't have that paddle with him.  "Doing okay, son?" Klaus asked kindly."My butt still hurts," Jeremy pouted. "Good, that is a lesson to behave yourself then," Klaus said pulling out a small jar. "What is that?" Jeremy asked suspiciously."It's a cream that should help prevent bruising," Klaus said."Are you really going to give me another spanking?" Jeremy asked trying to plead for sympathy with big eyes."Yes, I warned you what would happen if you didn't mind," Klaus admonished."It hurt too much. I couldn't help it," Jeremy defended. "Now Jeremy, you had just gotten a few swats over your pants at that time. I know it's embarrassing to have your pants taken down but I need to see what I am doing. I didn't want to be too severe," Klaus explained."Oh, I didn't think of it like that. I'm sorry," Jeremy admitted."Now, let's try this again, take down your pants and lay face down," Klaus said firmly.Jeremy's face burned and his eyes filled up with tears, but he did as he was told to do.  He wondered why he had bothered to even put on his pajamas after he bathed. They were just coming off again.  Jeremy pulled off his bottoms and lay face down on the bed. He felt Klaus pull up his shirt to expose his entire rear end. He felt Klaus smear the cold cream all over his backside and upper thighs. Jeremy's behind was a little pink in some places, but much recovered.  The cream was soothing, but Jeremy knew he still was going to get swatted. "Okay, we'll take care of your bedtime spanking and this night is over," Klaus said softly."Okay, I'm ready," Jeremy said sadly.Klaus steadied Jeremy by putting his left hand on his back. He brought his right hand down with a crack.  Klaus reignited the earlier fire by spanking the boy's behind all over in a random pattern. He knew he had already been through a lot, but the next time he told Jeremy to do something he wanted him to obey. Klaus had to force himself to keep going. He swatted him about 30 times, targeting the sensitive area of his upper thighs and sit spots. Jeremy bucked and kicked but was held in place by Klaus' hold.Jeremy found himself sobbing again. The pain in his rear was less than the pain in his heart. The guilt of the incident with Nicole and leaving his family was melting."I'm sorry about everything. Please don't be mad," Jeremy cried out after Klaus stopped the spanking."Hey, you are forgiven, son. It's over, I'm not mad. I love you," Klaus said, feeling overcome with emotion himself. Jeremy was crying softly, but feeling relieved that Klaus wasn't angry. He whispered, "I love you, too." Klaus pulled up his pants carefully as the boy let out a hiss when the material touched his scorched cheeks. Klaus got into the bed and put his arms around his son and held him. They fell asleep like that. And for the first time, neither had nightmares about the past or the future.  
  
    Chapter Text
    Klaus woke up with his arms still around his new son, who was sleeping deeply. He smoothed back the boy's hair gently. He couldn't help but recall the nights he had spent comforting Marcel after they brought him home from the governor's plantation. The boy woke with nightmares for months, maybe years. If only Marcel were still alive...but Klaus could not think like that. He had someone new to take care of now. Klaus went down to the kitchen and Nicole was already working. With her dark hair and fiery eyes, Nicole resembled Penelope Cruz to Klaus. Nicole was French, but her family was from Spain also.  Not that he watched that many films these days, but he had seen Vanilla Sky. He had thought Rebekah could be the actress, Cameron Diaz. A vampire becoming an actress? Well, some of them never seemed to age. He smiled fondly recalling the memory. "You look happy today, Master Klaus. How's the boy? Recovered from yesterday?" Nicole asked cracking eggs into a bowl."Mornin', Love. Yes, the naughtiness has been thrashed out of the boy for now. You would never know he suffered such a whacking at the hands of his 'evil' father. I didn't even give him my blood," Klaus said pouring himself coffee."Speaking of, would you like to..." Nicole offered him her neck.  "No thank you, you have been through enough this weekend," Klaus said, turning to kiss her on the cheek. Klaus always had spare blood bags around, but of course, feeling on a human was much more satisfying."He's a good boy. He just needs a father to teach him a bit of respect, even if it has to be through his stubborn backside," Nicole smiled. "Now, sit. I'm making you oeufs en cocotte.""Sounds lovely."***Jeremy woke up alone.  His face felt puffy from crying. He remembered falling asleep in Klaus' arms and wasn't sure how he thought about that. Jeremy went to get up and felt only a mild tenderness in his backside.  He went to bathroom and pulled down the back of his sweats.  There were two small areas of pink, but other than that his behind was unblemished and clear. His face colored to recall the incidents of the previous day.  He was loathe to face Nicole and his...father?No, he would call him Klaus, but Jeremy was hungry."Good morning, Master Jeremy. Do you like eggs scrambled?" Nicole said brightly. She knew the teen did not care for her more elaborate French cooking. "Ah, yeah, thanks. Where's Klaus?" Jeremy asked politely looking around."He said he was going to walk down to the boat house if you wanted to join him after breakfast," Nicole said filling his plate with scrambled eggs."Great. Um, Nicole, you know I am sorry about yesterday. I don't know what gets into me," Jeremy said with his face burning. He couldn't just pretend like nothing happened."I say I forgive you. But, just so you know, your papa left that paddle in this drawer with me," she said indicating a drawer to the right of the refrigerator, "so behave!""Yes, m'am. Believe me, I don't want to see that dam-, I mean, darn thing again," Jeremy blurted, quickly catching himself from cursing."Oui, and the soap is here too, so watch it!" Nicole warned with a wry smile. ***Klaus was checking out his boats when Jeremy came to join him."Hi," he said shyly. Klaus stood and put his arm around Jeremy."How you feeling?" Klaus asked."Good. I'm kind of surprised that, you know, I really don't feel anything much today," Jeremy admitted. "Last night, I felt like you lit my as-, my butt on fire." "Ah, well, I hope that we won't need to revisit that particular topic ever again, because if we do, that paddling will feel like a trip to the park," Klaus said patting the boy's shoulder."Oh, we won't. Nicole showed me where the paddle is and I can still taste that fu-freaking soap, I swear," Jeremy laughed.Klaus laughed and pulled him into an embrace, "You know, I meant it when I said I loved you.""Me, too," Jeremy said with his face against Klaus' shoulder.Raul burst into the boat house right at that moment."Mister M., there is an urgent message for you," Raul said out of breath.Klaus took the paper and looked at Jeremy."How do you feel about going back to Mystic Falls?" Klaus asked slowly.***A few days later, Klaus and Jeremy were on a private plane back to Virginia.  Jeremy found out that they had been on an island somewhere in the Bahamas. He would miss the water and the house as they had formed a nice routine of painting, eating, fishing, gaming, and just getting to know each other."Did you own that house? That whole island?" Jeremy asked Klaus in the plane. "Yes, we have many investment properties all over the world. When I'm not there, I rent it out. Typically, the staff stays there. However, I have invited Nicole to come back to Virginia with us. She has agreed. She will come with the rest of our belongings later in the week," Klaus said happily. "Do you have a house in Mystic Falls?" Jeremy asked curious. Klaus didn't seem to work, but clearly he was very wealthy."Several, actually," Klaus admitted, "but I have been building a large compound on the edge of Mystic Falls. It is almost completed. I think you will like it. You can have your own studio, if you like," Klaus promised."But I like painting with you," Jeremy admitted quickly, a little embarrassed that he admitted that so quickly. He tried to remind himself that he was a prisoner and that Klaus was not his father. "I like that, too," Klaus said patting Jeremy's arm. "I'm going to have to take care of somethings when we arrive. I may even be gone for a while."
Jeremy looked up surprised."Don't worry. The staff will be with you. You won't be alone," Klaus comforted."Aren't you afraid that I will just leave?" Jeremy wondered."Son, you are not my prisoner. When I took you, you were on the verge of suicide.  If you want to go back to your old life, you can. However, if you do, I fear for your safety. You mentioned Stefan, Stefan Salvatore, correct?" Klaus ventured."Yes, that's right. He's my sister's boyfriend," Jeremy said feeling a pang in his heart when he thought of Elena."They cannot keep you safe. Stefan used to be called the Ripper of Monteray. If he gets a taste of human blood, he goes berserk. He himself could be a danger to you. And your sister, she may be..."
Jeremy blinked, what of his sister?"...a kind of double. It's very rare and can pose a danger." "Klaus, what should I tell my family?" Jeremy whispered."They cannot know my true identity.  That is plain.  Perhaps I can think of a plan to get them to agree to..."
"To what?" Jeremy said, hoping he knew what Klaus was about to say."To let me adopt you," Klaus smiled as the boy jumped into his arms."I was hoping you would say that," Jeremy said through his tears.***
"Elena? Jenna?" Jeremy walked into his old house to find it empty.He wasn't surprised. The girls were probably with their boyfriends or running around with the latest drama. Jeremy guessed Uncle John had taken off again after giving him the ring. Typical.Raul had dropped him off as Klaus had some errors to run. He went up to his room and found it the same. Well, someone had made his bed. He filled a backpack with his things and headed back towards the door. He found his cell phone sitting on the desk. It was funny that he hadn't missed it when he was away. He dialed Elena and Jenna and both went to voicemail. Jeremy heard the doorbell and went to open the door. "Jeremy?" Tyler Lockwood said confused, standing on the porch."Tyler, hey man, what are you doing here?" Jeremey said equally puzzled. "Me? Dude, we thought you ran away. Elena was having Bonnie doing locator spells and all this shit. Where were you?" Tyler stated."Man, you wouldn't believe me if I told you.  How is everyone?" Jeremy said concerned."Crazy. Same old drama. Like I said, your sister has been looking for you. Everyone has been helping. My mom is a mess. You know, we still don't know what happened with my dad," Ty lamented."Hey, I'm sorry about your dad. I know what it was like when my parents died. All those strangers acting like they cared," Jeremy recalled."Well, your dad was a good guy. My dad, at times, could be a...""A dick? Well, you weren't the easiest kid to get along with. Remember how many times you tried to kick my ass," Jeremy joked."Yeah, that's true. Ironically, my family had just started to get along so much better. Now this," Tyler admitted. "It's hard to go back to that house."
"Want me to come over and hang? I'm trying to get a hold of Elena and Jenna, but I guess they are busy," Jeremy said a little depressed by his lame homecoming."Yeah, I got a case of beer. You can tell me where you took off to," Tyler said leading Jeremy to his truck.***A few hours later, Tyler and Jeremy were drunk. Tyler had found a flask of his father's in his desk. Jeremy described his little vacation leaving out Klaus' identity and some of the other details. Namely, the spankings he got. He did talk about the house and all the cool things he got to do.  The door opened and a large man said, "Hey, what's going on in here Tyler?"Jeremy figured this was Tyler's Uncle Mason.Tyler had the good grace to look sheepish and muttered, "Nothing, nothing."
Mason looked at Jeremy sternly and said, "You have somewhere else to be?"
He motioned for Jeremy to give him the flask.Mason took a swig from the flask and handed it to Tyler. Jeremy figured that it was time to leave. Maybe he'd try the Mystic Grill. He checked his phone and no one had tried to call him back. ***Tyler was so pissed. He was staring at a picture of his family. Just when they were finally getting along his dad dies. He smashed the picture against the desk. He then proceeded to smash everything on the desk."Tyler! What are you doing?" Carol Lockwood said, walking in to the scene.Tyler cried, "I hate him."
Carol's heard went out to her only son, "Oh, don't say that, honey."
She touched him on the shoulder to try to calm him down. She was grieving too.
Screaming, "Let go of me!" Tyler knocked his mother down.
Suddenly, Mason burst in and pinned Tyler to the floor as Carol tried to get up.
Tyler was in a rage and could only scream, "Get off of me!"
Tyler continued to fight to free himself, but Mason was stronger.
"Look at me. Look at me. Calm down. Settle down," Mason said calmingly.
Tyler stopped, now realizing what he had done. Carol moaned, "Oh, God" and left the room.
Mason turned and ordered Tyler to not move from the couch. He went and helped Carol take a sedative and get to sleep. He promised her with a meaningful look that he would take care of Tyler also. Carol looked pain for a moment and then told Mason that she trusted him completely. Mason frowned thinking of his recently widowed sister-in-law tossed to the floor by her own son. This couldn't happened again.  Tyler flinched when he heard the door open behind him. He had tried to straighten out some of the things he had broken on his dad's desk.  His rage had faded to a deep sadness and now shame."Uncle Mason,  I didn't mean to freak her out. I don't know why I get like this," Tyler trembled."She's okay, man. She took some pharmaceuticals and is sleeping," Mason said leaning against his late brother's desk."Oh God, if my dad knew what I'd just done, he'd kill me," Tyler cried guiltily. "No, Tyler, he wouldn't kill you. He loved you. I know that I missed the last seven years, but you were everything to him," Mason said to his teary eyed nephew."We had just started to get along better. I used to think he hated me at times," Tyler admitted."Tyler, did your dad tell you about our dad? How he was with us?" Mason said uncomfortably."That he used to beat you? Yeah, he finally told me about it last month. I got in this fight at the Founder's Day ball and he slapped me across the face pretty hard. I ran away and then we came home and made up. It's funny because he beat my ass, but it wasn't like in a cold way...like before when he'd yell at me or just ignore me," Tyler said struggling to explain what had happened to heal their relationship."That's what I fought with your dad about. When you were about ten, I could tell that he was starting to treat you so cold like, he was distancing himself. I could see him pulling away. Like with our dad, he was either beating the hell out of us or ignoring us, there was nothing in the middle. I told him he needed to get some therapy or something before he destroyed your relationship. He told me that it was none of my business. I lost my temper and punched him..." Mason said squeezing his eyes shut."And that was the last time you saw him," Tyler asked wide-eyed. He had never known what happened to make his uncle disappear. "Yes, I have to live with that now. I'm glad to hear that you got to repair your relationship," Mason said honestly."Yeah, well, if he saw what I did to mom, I'm sure I'd get worse than that little paddle they started using on me again," Tyler mused."Oh, yeah, that creepy hand thing! Didn't I whack you with that a time or two?" Mason joked. "Yeah, I think when I drove off in your trunk?""Okay, you know you were a bratty ass kid?" Mason chuckled."Still am, I guess. Uncle Mason, are you going to..." Tyler couldn't bring himself to finish."Whup your ass for knocking over your mom?" Mason said pointedly."Yeah?""What do you think?" Mason asked raising his eyebrows."That I need to learn to control my temper. How did you learn? I mean, you got the chill gene or something," Tyler wondered."Nope, I got the curse of this terrible temper like we all did. But your grandpa's strap did help me learn that it wasn't worth it to blow up. He'd bend us over this very desk and whale on us until we were hoarse. Believe me, there were weeks I could barely sit and I finally learned the hard way," Mason grimaced."Are you going to do that to me? I mean I hate myself when I lose control. Maybe I deserve it?" Tyler trembled, he wasn't sure he could take it."Hey, hey, no. I would never...Your dad never wanted you to know what it was like to fear him like we feared our father. I burned that strap when the old bastard died. But I have a hard hand and maybe a few licks of my belt will teach you the error of your ways," Mason smiled soberly. Tyler nodded, not sure what to do now. A few hours ago, Mason had shared his dad's flask with him, now he was going to belt him? "Come on, I guess you're too old to go over my knee, huh? Lean over the couch, wait? Forgetting something?" Mason said indicating Tyler's jeans.Tyler didn't want to mention that he had just been over his dad's lap a few weeks before.  A least someone realized he was almost a man."Really, come on, Uncle Mason. You said you have a hard hand, I'll feel it over my pants," Tyler pleaded lamely. "I'm going to start counting and each count is another whack with my belt," Mason promised.Tyler gave up and unbuttoned his pants with trembling fingers. Mason yanked down Tyler's jeans and boxers to his knees. He felt sick and weak knowing that his white backside was about to be turned red. Mason helped guide him over the arm of the leather couch. Tyler's hands were supporting him and he felt Mason's hand on his back. "Ready?" Tyler nodded and tried not to clench. He knew that would hurt worse.Smack! Tyler's head popped up in alarm. Mason was not pulling back and Tyler's bare seat was ablaze.Crack! Crack! Crack!If Mason's hand hadn't been holding him down, Tyler would have popped up. He wiggled and started to stomp his feet to try to alleviate the sting.Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!My God, this man was spanking him hard. In a panic, Tyler tried to bring his hand up to protect his bottom. Mason pinned his hand and yelled, "None of that, keep still. If you don't settle down, I'm going to have to put you over my knee."
Mason made sure to swat in a random pattern so the boy wouldn't know where to anticipate the next smack. He could see how much Tyler loved his mother. He knew he had to do a through job to help the kid alleviate the guilt and pain he was feeling. Mason's hand was starting to hurt, but he kept whacking steadily. Crack. Crack. Crack. "Stay in position. Last warning," Mason thundered. He was having trouble holding him.Tyler was thrashing around with everything in him. He couldn't take the pain in his behind and was using his feet and his one arm still on the couch to push himself up."That's it! I guess I need to tan your behind like a little boy," Mason said sharply. He grabbed his nephew's arm and dragged him over his right knee. He threw his right leg over to pin Tyler's legs. "No, I'm sorry. I will stop. I'm not a kid. Please Uncle Mason, I won't do it again," Tyler yelped as Mason peppered his behind with sharp, stinging swats."Give me your hands. Now!" Mason demanded. This was wearing them both out.Tyler reluctantly put his hands behind his back for his uncle to pin. With his legs restrained, he couldn't move at all. All he could do was take the spanking and pray it was over soon.Smack. Smack. Smack. "Are you learning a lesson here?" Mason asked slowing the swats a bit."Yes, yes, stop!" Tyler wailed. "You don't tell me when to stop spanking you, little man. I will decide that," Mason lectured bringing his hand down in the middle of the increasingly red backside in front of him."What are you going to do the next time you get angry?" Mason went on."Think of how much my ass hurts right now!" the hysterical boy shouted.
Mason cracked a smiled and said, "Watch your language. You shouldn't curse when you are over someone's knee.""Fuck!! Please, I will control myself, stop," Tyler was now breaking. He started to sob.  He felt like the spanking was never going to end although it had only been a few minutes. "What did I just say?" Mason said, punctuating each word with a spank.Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!"Sorry...Ow...Please stop," Tyler howled, still trying to thrash around."I guess it's time for the belt. My hand doesn't seem to be getting through to you," Mason said stopping to a second. In truth, his hand was sore and he needed a break. Tyler was a mess, too. "I'm going to let go of your hands, okay. Do not try to get up!" Mason warned. Tyler was afraid to try to rub and put his hands on the floor that he had been staring at. He vowed to burn this expensive Persian carpet when he had a chance. Tyler heard Mason slide his belt out and he couldn't help but try to wiggle off his uncle's lap. He had never been swatted with a belt, but his backside ached and stung like a thousand bees were attacking him. If Mason's leg wasn't still holding him in place, it may have worked.Mason was faster and brought the doubled over belt down with a crack right across Tyler's sit spots.The fire blazed hot and Tyler's hoarse throat let out a scream."Owwww...No! God, I'm sorry," Tyler said sobbing."You will tell your mama that tomorrow. But right after I'm down whipping your behind, you are going right to bed," Mason promised. Tyler's backside was a deep red.  Mason applied another crack a bit lower than the last one on Tyler's upper thighs. Tyler would feel this if he tried to sit down for the next day or so.Tyler seemed to be crying too hard to talk."Three more," Mason said. He had to steel himself to finish. He knew from experience how much this hurt.Whap! Another red mark appeared below.The last two would have to be over previously spanked areas. Crack! Crack! Mason brought the belt down crisply two last times to the center of Tyler's rear. The boy bucked and wailed and then seemed to go limp. Mason dropped the belt and rubbed the boy's back. His backside looked blotchy and swollen. For a moment, he worried that he had been too hard on him. Then, he remembered Carol's look of fear when her own son pushed her. Although his brother was gone, Mason felt that he would have approved of how he dealt with this.  "Shh, it is over. Tyler, you are forgiven. Let it go. You made a mistake and paid the price. Did you hear me? I want an answer, young man," Mason said as he helped Tyler up. "Yeah!" Tyler croaked.Spank! Spank! Spank! Mason swatted him lightly."Yes, sir, I understand," Tyler correctly himself to avoid another hand spanking. "Do you think you can handle pulling up your pants?" Mason asked tenderly. Tyler shook his head and Mason helped him completely pull them off. He grasped the boy in front of him tightly."Tyler, I mean it, you need to forgive yourself. You can talk to your mom tomorrow, but no more beating yourself up. When you get mad and want to freak, think of my belt on your bare behind, okay?" Mason advised."I will do anything to avoid that thing, it makes that paddle seem like a feather. I really didn't want to go over your knee, but I couldn't stay still. I am never going to sit again," Tyler whined.Mason pulled him into a hug. 
"You are going to be okay. I know it hurts a lot," Mason shared."You got it worse. It stings but I feel better, you know, inside. I couldn't have faced my mom without being punished. Now I know we can move on," Tyler said."You already have, Tyler. Now let's get you to bed. I don't think you want the housekeeper to see you sporting a bright red ass tomorrow morning," Mason teased. "Don't worry, she already has, but I am tired. And..." Tyler began."Yeah, Tyler?" "Thanks, Uncle Mason. I know you didn't really want to do that," Tyler said quietly."Hey, I'm here to help," Mason said with his arm around his nephew.  Neither one of them noticed the shadowy figure at the window. Klaus had watched the whole scene silently. He had caught word that the moonstone he needed for his ritual was in the mansion. However, he thought he might have found something more valuable: a brother for Jeremy.
  
    Chapter Text
    Jeremy went to the Mystic Grill after leaving the Lockwood mansion. He saw Matt, who was working and a few other old friends from high school. Everyone was happy to see him, but where was his family?As he checked his phone and was able to leave, he saw Damon sitting at the bar. Damon seemed to be gulping down his drink and in a terrible mood. For Damon, that was saying something."Little Gilbert! Is that you?" Damon said, now standing in front of him."Wow, did I surprise you, Damon. I'm backkk..." Jeremy said sarcastically. "Where the hell have you been? Your sister has been worried sick," Damon yelled."It's a long story. I, needed a break from this town, I got a job as an art assistant to a film director," Jeremy mumbled making up the story as he went."Ah, that sounds like bullshit...Someone ought to beat your ass black and blue, you little brat, your sister was a wreck," Damon whispered, grabbing Jeremy's ear and shoving him back out into the street."Damon, ouch. Stop. Where is my sister? Jenna?" Jeremy hissed trying to hold his ear."Jeremy! Is that you?" Bonnie shouted. "Elena, look, it's your brother!""Oh my god, Jer, we thought you were dead," Elena shouted in relief and shock, suddenly clutching to him. Damon was leaning against the wall with his arms folded glaring. "I'm sorry. I just needed some air. I met this guy who hired me as his assistant. He's teaching me about art. I meant to write or call, but I didn't know what to say," Jeremy mumbled trying to breathe with his sister's arms tight around his neck.Damon was mimicking, "I needed some air. Give me a break. I'm outta here."Bonnie's eyes narrowed,"Jeremy, why didn't my locator spells work on you? It's almost as if you were shielded.""Oh, we were...um, on a boat near the Bahamas," he lied."Who is this guy, your boss? We'd love to meet him," Damon added, now scowling."I thought you were leaving, Damon. Goodbye!" Jeremy smirked as the handsome vampire disappeared into the night. "Jer, if you ever pull this shit again, I swear I will kill you myself," Elena warned. "Actually, Elena. Things are going really well. My boss is paying me well and I'm staying at his house," Jeremy admitted."I'm going to call Jenna and let her know you are alive. Can we talk about this more at the house?" Elena said dialing her phone."Um, sure," Jeremy said, wondering if Klaus was going to be mad that he wasn't 'home."***Back at the Gilbert house, Jenna was there waiting. Jenna also fawned over her nephew. She said that Sheriff Forbes had also been on the case. It sounded like things had been hectic and stressful the few weeks he had been gone. Stefan joined the party and also was glad to see Jeremy. He took him aside at one point and confronted him."Jeremy, what you did was cruel. We were really worried about you. I know a lot of things are going on around here that are not fun. I would like to know more about your new employer. Can he join us here?" Stefan asked."Um, sure. Let me give him a call," Jeremy said, pulling out his cell phone. "Klaus, it's me. I need your help," Jeremy whispered into the phone."Son, I was getting worried. Where are you?" Klaus replied concerned. "I'm at my house. They want to meet you. Can you come get me?" Jeremy said imploringly. He was glad to see everyone, but this didn't feel like his home anymore. "I thought we were going to wait until we had a cover story. I'm sure everyone there is on vervain, I won't be able to compel them," Klaus admitted."I'm sorry. I should have waited. I don't know what I was thinking," Jeremy admitted, filling Klaus in on the lies he had already made up."I'll be there in a few minutes. Just don't say much," Klaus warned.***A few minutes later, Klaus knocked on the door. Jenna opened it and invited him in. Stefan immediately sensed with the Power that he was a vampire.  A powerful one at that. "Hello, I'm Raul Stern, Jeremy's employer," Klaus said shaking hands with everyone.Jeremy laughed that Klaus took the driver's name. "I must apologize for all of this. I found young Jeremy here in quite a state, running away from home. He, I'm afraid, stowed away on my yacht and ended up with me on a remote island in the Bahamas. There was a storm and we did not have radio communication for a week," Klaus lied."What were you doing on an island out there?" Jenna asked, confused. "And Jeremy why did you run away?" "I was directing a film for a small French company. I'm afraid the financing fell through. Now, I'm back to my home back here in Virginia. I'm building a home actually, on the outskirts of Mystic Falls," Klaus smoothed over. "Jenna, I'm sorry. I got really messed up over Vicky and Anna. I needed to get away from the drugs and pain. Can you forgive me?" Jeremy pleaded. He didn't want to admit that he was at first kidnapped.  "Jeremy, we were going to Mayor Lockwood's service and then you were just gone! I though you got kidnapped," Elena interjected.Jeremy glanced at Klaus, not sure how much he should say."It was stupid of me to run off. But now I'm working with Mr. Stern as an art assistant. He's teaching me more about art and stuff than I ever learned at school. I'm helping him design his new house and we're working on a new film. I hate to ask but can I stay with him?" Jeremy pleaded. "Oh Jer, no! I'm sorry, Mr. Stern, but I need my brother here," Elena exclaimed, bursting into tears. Stefan took her outside to get her calmed down.This left Klaus alone to compel Jenna."You will allow me to take Jeremy. He is better off with supervision and a father than he is here alone. You will convince Elena that Jeremy is taken care of and in good hands," Klaus said staring into her eyes. Jenna agreed and repeated the statement back to Klaus. By the time, Elena came back in, Jenna had signed over custody of her nephew to Klaus. He was now officially Jeremy's guardian. Klaus noticed the necklace that Elena wore. It looked familiar to him, but no matter, it was probably full of vervain. Stefan kept starting at Klaus. Luckily, Klaus had compelled him to forget that they were best friends in 1920s Chicago.  Klaus couldn't have him taking Rebekah away from him.  Stefan knew he was a vampire, but his mind could not overcome the compulsion of an Original. Stefan finally kissed Elena goodbye and left.Klaus could see how attached the Katherine look alike was to her brother. She was not going to let him go without a fight. Klaus whispered to Jeremy to get the necklace off her.  Jeremy hugged Elena and unclasped the necklace quickly, when Jenna was in the bathroom. Klaus quickly compelled her to agree to the move. Jeremy put the necklace back on Elena when he hugged her goodbye. He felt like he had the best of both worlds, he had his father and his family living in the same town. What could go wrong?***Klaus drove Jeremy back to the new mansion."That went better than I expected," Klaus said smiling."Hey, I'm sorry about disobeying you. I should have waited until we decided what our story was. I just was anxious to make sure my sister and aunt were okay," Jeremy blurted out. "I did warn you that disobedience would warrant punishment, did I not?" Klaus said, glancing at Jeremy in the passenger seat."Yes, 'Dad', you did," Jeremy admitted, thinking he was really going to get it when they got back."Well, since 'dad' has a nice ring to it, I think you will be doing the dishes this week. It turned out Nicole will be delayed a few more days," Klaus smiled."Ugh, dishes. I'd rather end up sleeping on my stomach again. I hate cleaning," Jeremy whined."Oh, young man, now that can be arranged..." Klaus went on."Kidding. I was kidding. I'll do the dishes, Dad!" Jeremy laughed. "Good. Because some things have come up, and I might need some help around the house," Klaus admitted with his eyebrows raised. Yes, he may need some help to complete his little family.***Nicole looked up in surprise, they were werewolves? She stared at the ancient volume in front of her. She was deep in the bowels of Mystic Fall's Founder's Hall.  Klaus had asked her to help him break the sun and the moon curse. He had found her many years ago when her own coven in France had cast her out. Her magic had no anchor now as she was covenless. However, she possessed a great knowledge of curses and hexes. She believed that the Lockwood family had possession of that moonstone. Until she found the family death records, though, she was unaware that they were afflicted with the werewolf curse.  She called Klaus to tell him immediately."Love, are you telling me that Tyler Lockwood has the werewolf gene?" Klaus asked in disbelief.  "Oui, would you like me to arrange to trigger it, Master Klaus?" Nicole asked nonchalantly. She would do anything for Klaus and had before. "No, absolutely not. When you told me about the moonstone, I went to the Lockwood estate to investigate. I think that he might be the perfect brother for Jeremy," Klaus shared happily. "Tres bien. How is your naughty son today? Did he behave himself?" Nicole asked lightly."No, he disobeyed me and went home to his family before we could come up with a cover story. Luckily, he called me and I got the situation straightened out. His guardian signed him over to me officially with a bit of compulsion, though I did put him on kitchen duty, for his sins," Klaus laughed."He is lucky to have a caring father like you. If only we had had the same, Cher," Nicole said ending the call. "True, Love," Klaus said to the dead air.  ***The next week passed in a blur of activity. Klaus and Tyler got their new mansion fixed up with the help of an army of designers and workman. Klaus was not overly impressed with Jeremy's kitchen skills. He threatened to swat him with the wooden spoon if he found the sink overflowing with dishes and the dishwasher full one more time.Jeremy visited his family for dinner one time by himself while Klaus had other business. On the way home, he stopped at Tyler's place to see how he was."Hey man, just wanted to see how you were doing?" Jeremy said as Tyler led him to his bedroom."Good. Things are good. How was your homecoming? I heard you got a job or something with some rich director," Tyler inquired. "Actually, it's a lot more than that. The guy, Raul, is great. He's teaching me so much shit that I never knew. He's an expert in art. He would love your drawings, too. I'm serious. Dude, I live in a fucking mansion. You need to come visit," Jeremy said excitedly."Yeah, I will. I mean I've never seen you so happy," Tyler said honestly."So, have any more booze? Did your uncle bust you for that flask last week?" Jeremy wondered. "Nah, I mean, he did bust me, but not for the booze. He doesn't care about that shit," Tyler exclaimed. "Dude, what did he bust you for? Please tell me you're not doing drugs, man!" Jeremy said with feeling."Hell, no. It's my temper. I got really pissed and freaked out. I ended up knocking over my mom. It was bad. But my uncle was there and got me straightened out pretty good," Tyler said with a blush creeping up his neck. "Damn," Jeremy said wondering what had occurred. "Yeah, it's just that now my uncle is moving back to Florida. My mom took over as Mayor for my dad. She's never home. I just don't know if I can stay here alone.  This house is fucking empty. I don't know, man," Tyler shuddered. "Hey, come stay with me. I know that it will be cool. Wait until you see the game systems I have, pool, game room, theater, and this awesome studio. Oh, and there is an amazing weight room. You will love it," Jeremy gushed."It sounds cool. I think my mom would be relieved to have me go somewhere honestly, especially if my uncle leaves," Tyler mused."Let me call and just double check," Jeremy said getting up to get some privacy.Tyler hear Jeremy ask,"Dad, hey, you know my friend Tyler I told you about. Can he come stay with us?" A moment later, Jeremy came in beaming."Pack your shit!" Jeremy said."Um, cool, but did you call him dad?" Tyler prodded."Yeah, it's kind of a long story," Jeremy started, "I'll tell you in the car." ***Klaus welcomed the boys home with open arms. Tyler felt comfortable with Klaus and was indeed blown away by the house. "I'm not sure how much Jeremy has shared with you, Tyler. But I hope that you will consider yourself home here," Klaus said warmly."Thank you, Sir. I appreciate that," Tyler said in awe of the man taking him into his house. "How respectful you are, Jeremy, you could pick up a few tips from Tyler here," Klaus joked."Dad, Tyler's gotten into ten times more trouble than me," Jeremy shared.Tyler elbowed him, "That's true. But just because you never got caught!"Tyler smiled, "Got me there. But now I'm clean and sober. I hardly swear anymore and Dad's got me doing chores now." "Whoa, no one said shit about chores. I'm leaving," Tyler said pretending to get up."Hold up, lads. I can tell you are both in high spirits and I am delighted to have you both here hopefully for a long while. Tomorrow, we will go over some rules and consequences that will keep all in line. I had six siblings and the mischief we got in together was epic. I hope to avoid some of that with clear boundaries. Now, Jeremy, please show Tyler to his room. It's time for bed," Klaus said, patting them both on the shoulders. "But it's like 10 o'clock," Tyler started to say to Jeremy. Jeremy held up a finger to silence him."Look, Dad, is kind of strict about some shi-, I mean stuff. It's not bad but it takes some getting used to, okay?" Jeremy shared."What stuff? You didn't mention any of this before," Tyler said with a look."I didn't think it was a big deal. Now, let's get to bed before..." Jeremy said glancing around carefully. "Before what?" Tyler said a little alarmed."Oh, you'll find out!" Jeremy laughed, punching him in the arm.***Jeremy woke up Tyler at about 10:30 am. He usually got up earlier to have breakfast with Klaus, but today he wanted to wait for Tyler. He could barely wake up him and practically had to sit on him."Damn, what the fuck, man? I'm tired," Tyler said pushing Jeremy off of him. "What time did you go to sleep last night?" Jeremy asked."Late. I was watching those Girls Gone Wild videos. The cable here is epic," Tyler admitted. "Maybe this wasn't such a good idea, when Klaus tells us to go to bed at 10, he means go to bed. I didn't realize you were such a rebel," Jeremy confessed."I didn't realize you were such a pussy. I'm 17. I don't want to go to bed at 10. I haven't done that since I was like 10," Tyler snarled. "Well, Klaus wants to have a talk with us around noon. He went to see your mom," Jeremy said evenly."My mom? That's weird. About mayor stuff?" Tyler asked. "Man, I don't know. All I know is that we have to meet Klaus in the library at noon," Jeremy said getting irritated with Tyler's attitude."I'll be there if I fucking feel like it, okay, now leave me alone. I'm going back to sleep," Tyler growled."Your ass, man," Jeremy said leaving the room. ***Klaus met Jeremy with a hug. "Hello, son! How's it going with Tyler? Did you tell him I wanted to meet with him?" Klaus asked looking around for the other boy."Yeah, he was up late and sleeping in. I tried to get him up but he told me to..." Jeremy started, pausing to choose his words."What, son?" "'Fuck off!' I'm sorry, dad. I tried," Jeremy said sadly."Hey, it's not your fault. You can only control your own behavior. I talked with Tyler's mom and she filled me in on his behavioral issues. I think I can help. But I don't want you to feel like you have to play middleman, okay?" Klaus cautioned. "He's my friend. I just don't want to see him get in trouble," Jeremy admitted. "I know and your loyalty is admirable. But some of us, myself included, sometimes have to learn the hard way," Klaus said in a low voice."Sorry, I'm late. I was really tired," Tyler said coming into the room, still in the clothes that he slept in."Hi Tyler, thanks for joining us. I just came from meeting with you mom, lovely woman. She agrees that it would be beneficial for you to stay here with us. She'd like you to give her a call though so she can talk to you herself," Klaus said grandly. "Awesome," Tyler said. "Now what did you want to talk about?" Klaus was surprised by the boldness of his new son.  The lad had a small chip on his shoulder, the size of New York."Some ground rules. First of all, this is your home now. You will treat it as such and behave accordingly. We do have several servants to help us but I expect both of you to clean up after yourselves. That means, putting dishes in the sink, your clothes in the drawers or hampers, and acting civilized at all times," Klaus looked to see if they understood. Both boys nodded."Bed time is at 10 pm. That means sleeping, lights out.  If you are being punished, you may have an earlier bedtime," Klaus said matter of factly. "Punished? Like sent to bed without our supper or some shit?" Tyler sneered."Something like that. Thirdly, no poor language. Where I come from, only the lowly classes used rough and offensive language.  If I ask you to refrain from certain words or insults, I expect you to do so. No backtalk or smart remarks will be tolerated," Klaus said noticing Tyler's eyes grow wide. "Fourth rule covers everything else: respect. Treat me, this house, the staff, and yourselves with respect. That means no lying, fibbing, omitting details. Respect me enough to get me your obedience and I will support you in every way possible. Without giving each other the respect of the truth, we will have no trust. Due to my lifestyle, I cannot always reveal everything to you. Yet, I expect you to trust me enough to make those decisions," Klaus uttered with a small frown. "Klaus, that seems fair," Jeremy agreed."And when you break a rule, expect there to be consequences," Klaus went on, glancing at Tyler to see if he was listening.Tyler blurted out, "Let me guess, my mom gave you permission to 'deal with me.'""Yes, she did, Tyler. She loves you a great deal. Everything that I will do, will be done with your best interest in mind. I mean that, I admit that I can be strict and old-fashioned at times. However, if you think the punishment is truly unjust or wrong, I want you to come to me. I'm not saying I will change it, but I'll listen to you," Klaus insisted. "I guess you know by now, that I am not always easy to deal with. I promise, though, that I will try to make you happy that you took me in," Tyler offered.Klaus got up and hugged him, "I will never regret giving you boys a home." He motioned for Jeremy to join in as Klaus held them both for a long moment. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Fuck you, Tyler, you are such a bully!" Jeremy screamed pushing the bulkier boy off of him."You're a baby, Gilbert, you better toughen up if you are going to play football this year," Tyler lectured. 
"I don't want to play football with you meatheads. Ugh, I just want you to stay out of my shit," Jeremy said yanking the oversized jersey out of Tyler's hand. "Oh, you want this, huh, you need to get it," Tyler said tackling Jeremy again. Jeremy rolled his eyes and said, "Fuck it. Shove it up your ass. I don't want it." "Is the baby going to cry? Hmm, go ahead, cry," Tyler said now pinning Jeremy and tickling him. Jeremy squirmed and tried to get away. Tyler only tickled him harder until Jeremy was laughing and begging for him to stop. "What in the devil is going on in here? I told you both to get these pigsties cleaned up," Klaus barked. "I am trying, but this asshole is stealing my stuff and bullying me," Jeremy fumed. He didn't care if he got both of them in trouble, as long as Tyler got it worse. "Jeremy, I am fed up with your language. The next time I need to remind you, you will be getting your backside warmed up with a bar of soap in your mouth. Now, go to your room and clean, please," Klaus said in a low voice. Tyler smirked as Jeremy stormed out."And you, I am not going to warn you again to stop bullying Tyler. He is younger and not as strong as you, but that doesn't mean you ought to slam him around so," Klaus started. "I didn't. He's just a big baby who starts stuff he can't finish," Tyler burst out."Tyler..." Klaus said in a menacing voice. Tyler took a deep breath. "Okay, I'm sorry. I will lay off of him," Tyler said trying to calm down. "And...?" Klaus prompted."And I'll apologize and clean my room," Tyler finished.Klaus stepped over and kissed Tyler on the head. "Thank you. I'm really proud of how much you are trying. I know this isn't easy," Klaus acknowledged. "He can be a pain in the ass, though," Tyler snuck in. "Young man, you are pushing it. You know the next time, I have to remind you to behave, you will not get off with a warning," Klaus threatened. "I know," Tyler agreed, now starting to clean.Klaus made his way down to the kitchen. Nicole was wiping down the counter."I feel like I might have gotten in over my head with those two," Klaus said sitting down heavily."Perhaps. Remember neither one ever had a brother before. They were both spoiled rotten by their parents. Now, it is left for you to straighten them both out," Nicole said plainly. "Carol Lockwood didn't even need to be compelled to sign the boy over to me. She said she just couldn't handle him. I love him, but everything is a battle," Klaus admitted."You have been more than patient. You have given them plenty of time to adjust. Don't be afraid to enforce limits, they will still want to stay here. After all, I'm making my famous crème brûlée for dessert tonight," Nicole said her eyes sparkling.Klaus grabbed her and kissed her neck, "Merci, Cher. I could not do this without you.""You never have to," Nicole said moving her hair so Klaus could feed from her. "That's not the artery I'm most interested in now," he smiled raising his eyebrows and glancing down at her thighs. Klaus' greatest pleasure was feeding from her femoral artery."Mais my dessert?" she squealed as he vamped her to the bedroom. "You are my dessert," he replied softly.***After a scrumptious dinner of steak, fries, and green beans, the boys wondered where dessert was. Klaus said, "Naughty boys don't get dessert.""What does that mean?" Tyler scoffed. He had been looking forward to the crème brûlée all day."It means that I would like you two to march yourselves up stairs and properly clean those rooms. Now!""But we did," Jeremy said lamely."Cleaning means dirty clothes in the hamper, dirty dishes brought downstairs, and garbage put in the trash, for starters. Now march! I'm coming up in a half and hour and if I don't like what I see, no dessert will be the least of your worries," Klaus fumed. "And make those beds!"Klaus helped Nicole clear the table. Nicole would set aside the boys dessert for later, but right now Klaus needed them to clean."Just remember that you have given them plenty of chances to behave," she started as they both heard a tremendous crash.Klaus vamped up with Nicole close behind him."You stupid prick, I told you to shut the fuck up!" Jeremy was screaming as Tyler got up from the floor and lunged at Jeremy.Tyler's flat screen tv had been knocked up the wall and was shattered.Klaus' voice boomed, "Stop right now!"Tyler had his hands around Jeremy's throat, but Klaus was able to pull him away with some effort. Klaus was surprised at Tyler's strength."Jeremy, go to your room and find a corner! Tyler, go stand facing that wall while I clean this up," Klaus ordered. The room was still a mess. Clearly the boys had been arguing instead of cleaning. Nicole heard the commotion and came upstairs. She helped Klaus clean up the glass as he vamped the television down the garbage bin. It was ruined. Nicole disappeared for a moment an then met Klaus in the hallway outside the boys' rooms."Mon cher, I brought this with me from the Bahamas. It seemed to come in handy the first time," Nicole said handing Klaus the paddleball paddle that he had spanked Jeremy with."You truly are a wonder. Thank you. I feel like this paddle will be something those boys listen to, since they seem to ignore my words," Klaus said gratefully. With the round wooden paddle in hand, he went and sat on Tyler's bed. "Tyler, come over her and sit down. Jeremy, come join us please," Klaus said patiently. He had been pretty miffed before, but cleaning had given him a few minutes to calm down.  The boys were sitting in two arm chairs by the bed. Both seemed to be starting at the paddle. "Now, who wants to start filling me in?" Klaus asked in an even tone. Tyler looked at Jeremy and said, "It was my fault. I called Jeremy a pussy for always sucking up to you. I was poking him until he hit me." Jeremy nodded,"Yeah, Tyler, you were saying stuff to me but I'm the one who pushed you into the tv. I should have ignored it." "Thank you, boys, for admitting to me what happened. I also must confess that I am disappointed that you once again disobeyed me request for you to clean your rooms. Has that been an unreasonable demand?" Klaus asked gently."No, Sir," Tyler admitted. Jeremy added, "Not at all." 
"Well, I don't think we need to go over why you are getting punished. I have tried to give you some extra time to adjust, but perhaps I was remiss in all the chances I gave you. Tyler, you are first," Klaus said firmly. Tyler stepped over determined to cooperate. Klaus was done fooling around, he undid Tyler's shorts as soon as he got close.  He bared Tyler's bottom and told him to step out of the shorts.  A few tears started dripping down Tyler's face. Jeremy was going to be forced to watch the whole thing. Being an only child, Tyler had never been spanked in front of any other kids before. His face was red and he almost felt like he couldn't breath.Klaus sat down on Tyler's bed and pulled the boy close to him. He noticed his distress and held him between his knees. Tyler seemed ready to bolt."I warned you that there would be consequences to misbehavior. This isn't easy for any of us, but you are getting a paddling. Then you two will make up and go to bed. It will be over," Klaus said, "now over my knee." Klaus almost chuckled at his own joke, but then he saw Jeremy's tear streaked face."Son, it's going to be okay," Klaus said reassuring him.Tyler's upper body rested on the bed. Klaus braced his arm over Tyler to hold him in place. Without further talk, he brought the paddle down with a crack. Tyler's behind instantly sported a pink mark. Smack. Smack. Smack. Tyler was hugging a pillow and hiding his hands under to keep them from reaching behind. Pop! Pop! Pop! Klaus decided that thirty whacks with the light paddle would probably be enough. He swatted all over, paying attention to Tyler's sit spots. Klaus was not swatting that hard, mostly using his wrist to snap down the rounded wood instrument. This was the first time, Klaus was spanking Tyler. The boy seemed to be clenching and holding in all his emotion. "Tyler, it's okay. Relax and don't tense up. That makes it worse. Let it out," Klaus said in a soft voice. Whack! Whack! Whack. Klaus paddled Tyler a little harder. This caused Tyler to start kicking his legs and rocking his hips from side to side to avoid the swats. Finally, he heard Tyler start to sob and kick his feet into the carpet."Ten more, son," Klaus said bringing the paddling to an end. Tyler's rear was shiny and red. "Do you have something you want to say, Tyler?" Klaus asked setting the paddle down on the bed."I'm sorry, Jeremy. I'm sorry, Dad," he sobbed. Klaus looked over at Jeremy and they both smiled a little. This was the first time Tyler had called him dad. "Okay, let's get you up. Do you want to sit in the chair on your sore bottom or go stand in the corner?" Klaus asked realizing that Jeremy had witnessed Tyler's punishment first. "Corner, please," Tyler said wiping away his tear. "Okay, but no rubbing yet or I'll put you back over my knee," Klaus warned. Tyler trudged over to the corner solemnly."Jeremy, let's go," Klaus said picking up the paddle again.Jeremy hesitated. "Come on, you got spanked with this before and lived. Let's get those pants down," Klaus admonished. For some reason, Jeremy flushed with embarrassment to have Tyler overhear that he had already gotten a paddling before Tyler did, with the sturdy instrument.Jeremy undid his shorts and let Klaus shuck them down. He also had him step out.Without saying anything, Klaus guided him into the same position. He did take a moment to rub the paddle over Jeremy's white behind. The boy was trembling and nervous. "You're going to be alright, settle down," Klaus said softly. After a minute, Klaus started swatting Jeremy all over like he did with Tyler. He also planned to give him 30 good swats. Jeremy started crying and kicking right away.  His legs were pinwheeling and he was wailing. Klaus realized that he might have been spanking him harder than he had swatted Tyler at first. He lessened the intensity of the swats, but kept a steady pace. "What should you have done instead of attack your brother?" Klaus asked bringing the paddle down firmly.Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! "Ignore him or come get you, not freak out," Jeremy cried still wiggling around."Yes, every time you two fight, this paddle is going to be put into use. Do you both understand?" Both boys sniffled out that they did."Five more," Klaus said. He cracked down the paddle hard on Jeremy's sit spots. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!Jeremy didn't seem to realize that the spanking was over. Klaus sat Jeremy on his knee and moved him to take the pressure off his backside. Jeremy rested his head on his shoulder."Tyler, come here please," Klaus ordered. He opened his left arm and had Tyler sit on his other knee. "Jeremy, what do you want to say?" Klaus asked the still sobbing teen."Sorry, I didn't mean to do it.  I'm sorry, Dad, Tyler," Jeremy cried. "Okay, boys, it's over. All is forgiven.  I love you both so much. I meant what I said though, every time you fight, you're both getting a good paddling. I don't care who is here to see it, so no more fighting," Klaus warned patting their red backside at the same time. Klaus put Tyler in his bed first. Then, realizing that the queen-sized bed was large enough for both, he put Tyler in beside him. "Brothers fight, but they should always make up. Always and forever," Klaus said to his boys.Klaus took the paddle and covered up both flaming backsides with the light sheet. He smiled as his supernatural hearing picked up them whispering "sorry" to each other. Nicole met him at the stairs to collect the paddle. She would keep it handy in her spoon drawer for further usage. Klaus was pleased with it, it was light enough not to bruise them, but seemed to sting just enough. He hoped he would never have to use it again. Maybe the threat of another spanking would be enough to get the boys to behave?"It went well, no?" She asked with concern."Yes," Klaus replied."Why so sad?" Nicole pressed. "I was just thinking of my own brothers. I told the boys that 'brothers fight, but they should always make up.' Maybe it is time that I practice what I preach?"  "In good time, my love, in good time," Nicole said kissing him on the lips. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "You will search for the moonstone all over the mansion. Look for hidden spots and locked areas. Do not get caught. If you do, you know nothing. When you locate it, you will contact me immediately," Elijah compelled the Lockwood housekeeper.  Since Elijah could not enter the house, he set the servants to search for the priceless relic that had sealed the curse long ago. He knew if he got the moonstone first then Niklaus could not complete the ritual, nor create his army of hybrids. He had started working with the Mystic Falls group out of desperation. He never intended to kill Niklaus, but he needed to know where his siblings were. Every time Klaus staked Rebekah, Elijah had mixed feelings. Yes, she had terrible taste in men. How does one even have a relationship as an immortal? Even other vampires could die. But would a bad relationship be the end of the world? And everything with Marcellus...That was water over the proverbial bridge now. They hadn't been back to New Orleans since. Maybe it was time? And Kol? Elijah felt like he could be dangerous and reckless. At times, he only wanted their attention, but with Mikael hunting them, they couldn't always give it. Plus, his antics often caused them to have to move to avoid the attention.  Finn? Dull, old Finn. He hated every second of being a blood drinker. His endless sermons and lecturing...No, they could keep him in the box for a few more centuries. But the others, Elijah needed them back. The only way he could get them was through Niklaus. But where was his hybrid brother drumming up trouble and mayhem? In time, he would reveal himself. Elijah just had to be patient. Unless, he could use some tactics from his brother's playbook.***For once, Tyler woke up first. He rolled over and felt a slight twinge and warmth where Klaus had expressed his displeasure over their little argument last night. "Hey," Jeremy said looking over at him."Hey, how you feeling?" Tyler asked, wondering if Jeremy was sore."Ah, pretty good actually," he replied sitting up."I know. Me, too. How come last night I felt like I was getting branded alive and now I'm pretty much fine?" Tyler wondered.Jeremy laughed, "I think he went easy on us."Tyler nodded,"He must have. I don't know why, though, if I had a kid who broke a brand new tv..." "Who's side are you on? Don't go giving him ideas," Jeremy chuckled."Oh, I'm not. I mean, when I knocked my mom over, my uncle, ah..." Tyler started cautiously."What?" Jeremy asked."Used his belt on me," Tyler admitted, remembering how he did not take it in a mature fashion in any way. "Oh damn, that sounds bad," Jeremy said with a chill down his spine. He couldn't imagine."Yeah, it was bad and I'm telling you, he was also going easy on me, too. I think I need to start watching my ass a little better. I'm sorry about last night, man," Tyler started."Me, too," Jeremy added. "It just happened so fast.  We probably should clean our rooms after breakfast."

"Do a good job on your filthy pit, I'm going to be in there a lot watching tv!" Tyler joked."Hell, no. You are not watching Girls Gone Wild or whatever the fuck you watch in my bed," Jeremy insisted."Come on, man. It's a quality show. The girls have a lot to offer," Tyler swore."Hey, speaking of, do you think Dad is, like, with Nicole?" Jeremy wondered."Oh yeah, they are doing it. Did you see the way they look at each other when they think we're not looking? She looks like that actress...I can't remember her name," Tyler started. Tyler realized that he shared a bed with another guy for the first time and it didn't even feel weird. Maybe he liked having a brother despite the trouble it would get him in.Right on cue, Nicole called for them to come down to breakfast.***Klaus was at the table reading the newspaper when they came down."Good morning, Lads! Nicole made you French toast," Klaus said smiling at them. "Cool," Jeremy said.Klaus was relieved that both boys seemed fine. Nicole had reassured him that they would be, but a part of him worried they would hate him."And what do you have planned today?" Klaus asked, going back to his news.Tyler shoved a piece of French toast in his mouth and said, "Cleaning our rooms to start with.""A terrific idea. We'll see about getting you a new television today also," Klaus promised."No, Da-, Klaus, I don't deserve it. I should pay for a new one at the very least," Tyler said feeling guilty."Son, that's very mature of you. Thank you. Let's talk about it later, hmm. I have some business to take care of," Klaus said kissing both of them on the head."Bye," Jeremy said."Now behave today and I'll see you at dinner," Klaus concluded."Bye, Dad," Tyler said.***A few hours later, the bedrooms were cleaned and the boys were feeling restless. Nicole went out for groceries. The weight room was in the process of being painted, so they couldn't hang there. Tyler suggested they explore a bit. The mansion was huge and had several outbuildings on the property. Klaus had not told them to stay away from any area in particular. A security company was coming tomorrow to put in cameras and key pads.The boys found themselves exploring outside. There were woods surrounding the back of the property. Jeremy was telling Tyler what he knew about Klaus, from things Klaus told him."I think he's like super old, man. He said something about the 15th century when we were talking about art. When I first came, he said if I wanted he would turn me when I was 30," Jeremy shared."That's cool. I just don't think I ever want to drink blood though. I mean, living forever is awesome, but the blood part. Nope, not for me," Tyler admitted."I actually already drank blood. It's how I ended up here. My old girlfriend Anna was a vamp. She gave me blood to turn me and I tried to kill myself with pills," Jeremy confessed."Jeremy, are you fucking kidding? Why would you do that?" Tyler said stopping stunned."You know the night your dad died? Well, Anna died in that same thing," Jeremy said quietly. "So first your parents, then Vicky, then Anna? I mean, that sucked, but don't ever try that again. Dude, what would your sister think?" Tyler scolded. "I know, man. I was out of it. That's the state Klaus found me in. Stefan was yelling at me about it, but I was planning to just end it again that night. The pain and emptiness were too much," Jeremy shared."Damn, I didn't know any of this. I was such a dick to you, especially about Vicky," Tyler said shaking his head and thinking about all the times he tried to fight Jeremy."Yeah, but all of that is over now. I guess we're almost like brothers or something," Jeremy smiled."Yep, and brothers fight!" Tyler yelped tackling Jeremy to the ground. "Oh, damn, get off me, man," Jeremy said brushing leaves out of his hair."Wait, what is this?" Tyler said noticing a hidden metal door about two yards across."It looks like a door or something," Jeremy said. "Maybe there is a lever  or something to open it." "Probably nothing, but what if there is a hidden treasure under there?" Tyler mused."Hand me that stick and I'll see if I can pry it open," Jeremy said indicating a tree branch."I'll help," Tyler said starting to wedge the stick on the side.With some effort, the boys managed to pry the metal door open and slide it over."It's a staircase! Hidden lair?" Jeremy asked aloud."This is awesome. Klaus is going to be very impressed we found this," Tyler said in awe, stepping down in the coolness.Jeremey followed his down. There was a door at the bottom of the stair that they opened carefully. It was pitch black inside.Jeremy used his cell phone light to illuminate a short concrete hallway."What the fuck?" Tyler said, gasping. "Here's a light switch," Jeremy said turning on all the switches. Fluorescent lights came on from above and another panel slid open. "This is getting weird," Tyler said, now nervous. He smelled something, a mustiness or dead leaf smell. "Come on, there's more," Jeremy said.Jeremy stepped inside the next open panel.  It was some kind of control room. There were buttons and lights everywhere.  "Dude, what the fuck? I'm not sure we should be here," Jeremy gasped."You think? I find it hard to believe that Klaus doesn't know about this. What is this place? A bunker or something?" Tyler agreed.Jeremy hit a square button on the wall. "Jeremy, don't!" Tyler yelled, but it was too late.Another panel slid over and Jeremy walked through.The room was furnished like a tomb. There were niches for candles and paintings. Statues and large paintings were stacked against the wall. Several chests were pushed against the wall.  There was a red velvet carpet on the stone floor. And there were six coffins stacked in a neat row.Tyler followed him and whispered, "Coffins! Fucking coffins? This is the treasure?" "They look old," Jeremy muttered, looking at the carving and elaborate gold work on one. Tyler went to open the coffin on the end. "It's empty," he said simply."Help me open this trunk," Jeremy said. Tyler helped him push it open and both boys gasped.It was filled with precious metals and jewels. There were chalices, daggers, coins, gold bullion, crosses, necklaces, boxes, and even a crown.Jeremy couldn't help but drag his arms through the riches. The jewels sparkled and the gold and silver glimmered. A beautiful ruby ring caught his eye, his sister would love this, Jeremy thought."Dude, we need to get out of here," Tyler said in a worried voice. "I think this is Klaus' treasure or something."
"Yeah, we'll just tell him it was an accident," Jeremy surmised."An accident? Are you out of your mind? What if he kills us? Dude, let's forget we were every here!" Tyler exclaimed."Kill us? He's not going to kill us for an accident," Jeremy assured him."An accident? We pried the fucking door open," Tyler yelled, grabbing Jeremy's arms. "Okay, let's go," Jeremy agreed, following Tyler.They backtracked and turned off all the lights.  The tricky part was dragging the metal trap door back. They bent it when they pried it open. They covered it with dirt and leaves and put sticks over the gaps where they couldn't close it anymore.***Nicole was starting on dinner when the boys got back. They looked disheveled and sweaty. "Mon dieu, where were you two? Jeremy, you have leaves in your hair.  You are all sweaty! Were you fighting in the forrest? Go take baths!" she said forcefully."Nah, we're okay. Is dinner almost ready?" Jeremy said turning around to open the fridge.Nicole grabbed her sturdy wooden spoon and swatted his upper thigh twice."Ouch. Damn, Nicole, that hurt," Tyler whined rubbing the spot she whacked."Get a water and both of you go wash now before I show you what a real spanking is. I'm not a soft touch like your father," Nicole warned, wielding the spoon menacingly. "Okay, okay. Sorry, we'll going," Tyler said, dragging a pouting Jeremy upstairs. "That stung!" Jeremy moaned. "We're gonna get worse if we don't shower and act normal," Tyler fretted, knitting his brow. A part of him wanted to confess to Klaus, but a part of him wanted to go back and explore more. He had known Klaus was a vampire, but seeing the coffins made it real. Did he sleep in them? Turn people in them? There was more in that room to discover.The boys washed and got ready for dinner. ***The doorbell rang as Nicole was putting the roast into the oven. She glanced at the security camera screen, but it was blank. She knew Klaus was expecting a few deliveries.  A man in a blue uniform was at door obscured with a huge box. She opened the door. "Mon dieu, that is big," she breathed."Yes, ma'am, can you sign?" the delivery man asked politely."Oui, ah, bring it in over here," Nicole said wondering what it was. Maybe Klaus did order Tyler a new television. She had told Klaus that he shouldn't reward bad behavior like that. Those boys were spoiled enough already. "What?" the man said."I said come in and put the box over here," Nicole repeated."Will do. Sign here," the man said after placing the box where she indicated."Have a good day," the man said tipping his blue baseball cap at her."You, too," she said absentmindedly.Elijah smiled to himself as he walked out the door. He had been invited in, it was a matter of time before he would be dealing with his little brother. ***The newly formed family had a nice dinner together. Klaus asked Nicole to join them at the table. She seemed uncomfortable doing that at first, but Klaus assured her that they would all help clean up from now on. It was clear the boys needed to learn some responsibility. If it wasn't for Elijah, he would have have spoiled Marcel rotten. It was always Elijah who insisted that the boy learn to do things on his own, like take care of his horse. Lost in his memories, Klaus realized that Nicole was speaking to him."Sorry, Love, what was that?" he said cutting his meat."I said that there was a delivery today. A big one. It's near the front entrance," Nicole pointed with her fork.Klaus had come up through the garage and hadn't noticed."That's odd. I'm not sure what that might be. Thank you, Cher," Klaus said smiling at the dark beauty in front of him. He could feel her power, unlike his brother Kol, he didn't fancy witches in particular. But this one was different. She had no coven and was devoted to him only. "Boys, did you behave yourselves today as I had asked?" Klaus smiled, taking a bite of the tender roast."Yes, Sir," Jeremy answered, glancing at Tyler.Tyler kicked Jeremy under the table. Jeremy looked terrified. "Yes, we explored the woods and took a walk. How many acres is out there?" Tyler asked feigning innocence."I think 50 or so," Klaus said looking closely at Jeremy. Was he sweating?"The weight room should be ready to use in the next few days. I have also hired a trainer for you two to keep fit. Tyler, your mother mentioned that you will have football coming up," Klaus mentioned."Ah, yeah, there is summer conditioning. I should get the schedule soon. A trainer sounds great," Tyler smiled. "Jeremy, son, are you alright? You look a bit peaked," Klaus inquired. The boys were acting shady. Klaus could hear their heart beats and they seemed fast to him. They were nervous about something. "I'm fine," he answered quickly. He had no clue was peaked meant, but he was trying to act normal."Are you sure there isn't anything you boys want to tell me?" Klaus asked."No, nothing comes to mind," Tyler cut in as Jeremy opened his mouth. "Let's help Nicole clean up and then we can watch a movie together. Sound good?" Klaus asked as the others nodded. Klaus strolled to the foyer and opened the large box. It was a statue of a gargoyle spitting out water. "Nicole," Klaus called, walking back to the kitchen, "did you order a fountain? A gargoyle?""Moi? No, of course not. Did you order and forget? You've had a lot on your mind," Nicole asked rubbing his arm worriedly. "Perhaps. It's just..." Klaus started, then paused."What, my dear Master?" Nicole teased."It reminded me of my brother," Klaus finished.Elijah always made fun of his fascination with the gargoyles on Notre Dame when they were in Paris. Klaus would spend hours sketching them from every angle. It was silly, but he'd always jest, "Brother, stop drawing all these self-portraits." Was this a message? 
  
    Chapter Text
    Elijah waited until Klaus left later that night to enter his new mansion. Although it was newly built, it was made to look older, refined. Elijah had to admit it was beautiful. He hoped he didn't have to burn it down in order to find his lost siblings. There was a tall wall enclosing the property that was difficult to get over, but with his supernatural powers, few things could stop him.It wasn't hard to jimmy the locks on a large window off to the side of the kitchen.  He was surprised to find that it was a bedroom. It wasn't large, but it was luxurious with fine furniture and a deep, soft carpet. He felt enveloped in a womb. With the Power being stronger at night, he sensed someone of great power near. Elijah vamped to the bathroom and gazed at the mirror through a crack in the door.  The lights were off, but he saw a woman bathing by candlelight in a marble bathtub. He smelled roses and some other spice he couldn't identify. God, she was stunning and his breath caught in his throat. At the second he saw her, she saw him.  The mirror that he gazed into cracked. He started to collapse as the room closed in on him. She stood revealing her body, covered in bubbles.  "You dare to invade this house, Vampire! Do you not know my master? He shall kill you slowly and I shall watch," the beauty promised."Phasmatos Somnus, Ad somnum, Dormi cito, Molles somnos, somno iam,Somnia, Tenebris somnum," Nicole chanted as her eyes rolled back in her head.Nicole gasped when she recognized the man on the floor as the same one who delivered that hideous fountain. Mon dieu! As she went to put on her robe and call Klaus, she saw two more shadowy figures leap into the room. Witches! As she went to raise her arms, she herself fell into a dreamless sleep. ***Several minutes later, Nadir and Sule had roused Elijah from his slumber by reversing the sleeping spell. He thanked them and instructed them to watch the witch who knocked him out. He didn't anticipate any more trouble.  Elijah vamped to the kitchen area. He knew he didn't have a lot of time. There should be some master panel or code for a crypt. He knew that Klaus liked to either hide the coffins in plain site or in an underground room. Elijah checked around the fireplace and bookshelves for hidden passages, it was always something that worked in movies. Nothing here, though. They had actually had a palace once that had several such features.   Elijah tuned his hearing to scan for sounds outside. Then, he heard heartbeats. Others were in the house, he heard a thump."Let's see how you like to be tickled, asshole," he heard someone say."Stop, fuck. Okay, Jer, you win," a boy laughed, "let me up."Elijah vamped upstairs and opened the door. He saw two teenagers wrestling on the floor. They must have broken a lamp and books were strewn across the floor. "What do we have here?" Elijah said causally."Who the fuck are you?" a dark haired boy yelled. "Tsk. Tsk. What course language.  I'm surprised my brother allows his servants to behave so indecorously," Elijah muttered."Servants? We're not servants," Jeremy piped up. "Who the hell are you?""If not servants, who are you to Niklaus?" Elijah said, now closer and staring into both their eyes."We're his sons," Tyler answered under the compulsion."Sons?" Elijah was surprised. His brother moved quickly. "Aren't you the Lockwood heir?" Elijah questioned further."Yes, but my mother signed me over to Klaus," he said still under compulsion. "Why would she do such a thing?" Elijah was wasting time, but he was curious."I have a violent temper and she's afraid of me," Tyler said robotically. "A pity. Now, tell me if you know where my other siblings are located," Elijah asked slowly."We don't know," Jeremy revealed."They would be in coffins or a tomb. Do you know of any secret locations that Niklaus has on the property?" he continued."Yes, we found it today. It's by the woods," Tyler answered."Take me there. And quickly," Elijah commanded.Twenty minutes later, Elijah could finally breath again. He found them.Tyler told him that the one coffin was empty. Elijah mused that that was probably reserved for him. One had the bones of Mother, almost dust.  He found Finn and quickly closed that one. Then, he found Rebekah and immediately pulled out the dagger in her heart. He glanced at the boys in front of him and was tempted to let her feed off them, but then thought better of it and pricked his finger. As the drop of his ancient blood touched her lips, she began to revive. ***Klaus was meeting with contacts in a bar outside of town. He wanted to arrange for a coven to cloak the coffins of his rebellious siblings in his new house. Nicole could not do such strong magic as she was no longer anchored. He had considered letting her use him. But then she would know all. The way he had strangled his mother, fled from his father, slaughtered Kings and Popes, and bedded a thousand tavern wenches. The thing he really wanted to hide was the fear in his heart of being alone. That was the one thing that trumped all others. The painful feeling that everyone would leave him in the end. The meeting didn't go well. The coven wanted a vial of his blood and he wasn't willing to risk that. He would try another way to get what he wanted. He arrived home and went to speak with Nicole. She told him she would wait up for him.  He smelled the other witches before seeing them hovering over Nicole's form. "How dare you?" he said, ripping the man's head off in a rage. The other went to raise his hands in fear, but Klaus caught him."What brings you here, Witch? Speak and I will kill you quickly," Klaus growled. Before Klaus sunk his teeth in the man's throat to rip it out, he had him revive Nicole and tell him his brother's plans. Klaus knew exactly where to go. He put an exhausted and spent Nicole carefully in her bed and vamped to the underground tomb. ***"Hello, Brother. I see you..." Klaus started, relieved to see the boys unharmed, but alarmed to see Rebekah.She vamped over and slapped him hard across the face."Nik, you bastard, how could you? What year is it? Where am I? Elijah, what is going on?" Rebekah sputtered in rage. She lifted her hand to slap him again, but this time Elijah caught her hand."Sister, I have only recently found out what Niklaus has been up to. I shall fill you in shortly. However, I have some questions of my own," Elijah interrupted."Elijah, I can explain. I heard you wanted to kill me. I fled and decided to start my own family. Please meet my sons, Tyler and Jeremy. This is your Uncle Elijah and your Aunt Rebekah," Klaus said hoping he could smooth things over somewhat."Charmed, I'm sure," Rebekah muttered. "I'm thirsty, Nik. I need a drink. Please."She was eyeing the boys hungrily. Elijah stepped forward and said, "I've already met your sons, Niklaus. They brought me to this very tomb so I believe I owe them a debt of gratitude."
It was Klaus' turn to be surprised, "What? I'm sure you are mistaken, Brother. I had this tomb well hidden. Boys, would you like to explain?""He compelled us, we didn't want to tell him," Tyler spoke up. A little nervous at how Rebekah was eyeballing them like a pizza. "We stumbled on the door today. We were going to tell you, but..." Jeremy said in a low voice. "But...what? I knew something was amiss, but... we shall deal with this later. Now, I must speak to my siblings. Go to bed," Klaus said firmly. "Dad, we're sorry," Jeremy said weakly."Boys, I said go to bed. Don't make me repeat myself," Klaus said looking at the door. He was not even angry, just disappointed. The boys trudged back to their rooms silently.  Rebekah said, "What about Kol? Is he to stay daggered as long as dull, old Finn?" Klaus said, "Could we let him slumber a while longer? I already have two disobedient sons to deal with, I can't deal with a third."Elijah nodded, "I agree. Let's go back to the house to talk. I'm afraid my witches put your witch to sleep. I'll have them revive her, she's quite a beauty."
Klaus said, "Oh, I killed your witches. I'll consider that the penalty for you invading my home.""Oh Niklaus, kill first, ask questions later. I guess some things never change," Elijah mused taking Rebekah's elbow and escorting her out.  Back at the house, a tired Nicole had to invite Rebekah in as she held the deed to the house in her name. She did make Klaus get rid of the severed head and bodies. He promised to have her rugs replaced as soon as possible. She made tea and then excused herself to go back to bed."She is a lovely thing, Nik, I hope she knows how you destroy everyone around you," Rebekah said sipping on a blood bag from Klaus' reserve."Actually, she is the finest cook I've ever had. Don't even think of draining her, Love," Klaus smiled coyly."Oh, finest cook, eh? Is that what they call it now?" Rebekah smirked. The siblings talked long into the night.  Klaus admitted abandoning his plan to break the curse and create an army of hybrids. "All I want is to raise my sons in peace, with you all at my side. I built this house for all of us. You all have quarters here, even Finn. I know I have wronged you in the past. I swear to make it up to you in the future, if you will allow me," Klaus pleaded. "This is a beautiful property, Niklaus. I am glad to hear that you are dropping the curse. I must ask you for possession of the daggers. You have promised before to not use them and then you have broken that promise.  Why should we trust you again?" Elijah asked."You shouldn't. You should probably have never come here, yet here you are.  I want us together. I've found a new life in my boys. I want them to know their family. Would you help me?" Rebekah and Elijah looked at each other. There was only one answer to give and they said it in unison, "Always and forever." ***
Klaus showed Elijah to his quarters. There were not completed yet. But the gargoyle fountain was set up on the balcony. Elijah laughed when he saw it and grasped Niklaus by the arm. The years melted away and he felt pride that his brother seemed to be shaping up. "Perhaps, we can make it work this time?" he said to Klaus."Only with your help, Brother. I cannot lose another son. You know I mourn for Marcel each day," Klaus admitted."As do we all," Rebekah said sadly. Rebekah could not hide her delight in her quarters. She had a dayroom and a very large closet with a rotating shoe rack. "I love it, Nik," she said hugging him."Does this mean you aren't still angry?" Klaus said hopefully."Oh no, I'm going to hold a grudge for a good long time. But I'm sorry about calling you a bastard. You know, I hate it when Kol does that," she said softly."Well, I shall spare you the trip over my knee he gets when he says it," Klaus smiled."Frankly, I think those boys of your need a good bottom warming for traipsing around in my tomb doing God knows what," Rebekah advised."Indeed, Sister. I have been far too lenient with them. Lesson learned," Klaus replied."Well, you have a forest of switches out there that may teach them to mind their papa. Now leave, I need a bath. I will assume you have clothes in the drawers for me," Rebekah spouted."Of course," Klaus said, kissing his younger sister on the cheek.His mind was already on how he was going to deal with his boys.***Klaus slept deeply until late in the afternoon. Elijah was already up, managing the household. Klaus realized how much he missed Elijah's organizational skills. "Morning, Brother. I apologize for my late hour," Klaus said as he smoothed back his blond hair. "Nonsense, yesterday, was quite a day. I have been rather busy these months trying to find you. It is a relief that you have come to your senses," Elijah said pleasantly."Elijah, I have not been myself since New Orleans. To have been a father and then not one, was more than I could bear. Yet I have found new life here. Speaking of, where are those young whelps that I need to have a word with?" Klaus asked looking around."You need not explain any further, Brother. Let us put our follies from the past away and look toward a new future. Your boys seemed glum and I believe they are in their rooms," Elijah offered."Did you send them there? Or did they..." Klaus wondered."No, I believe they sent themselves there. I believe they are waiting for you to correct them for their lapse of judgment," Elijah counseled. "Oh Elijah, I have been soft on them. I am afraid if I am too harsh with them that they will hate me. It's harder to do this than I remembered with Marcel," Klaus admitted."Brother, you must enforce limits or children feel out of control and unloved. But it is also important to find out why they didn't tell you the truth. Talk to them and then decide on a plan of action. I'm here if you need me," Elijah said feeling for Niklaus' plight. He always doubted himself when it came to matters such as this.***Klaus knocked and watched into Jeremy's room to find the boys sprawled out aimlessly watching tv in silence. "Boys," Klaus said as way of greeting. The pitiful looks he got almost made him change his mind. "Hey, everything is alright. My siblings are here. They have forgiven me, as I have already forgiven you. You were compelled," Klaus offered."Yeah, but we lied to you. You gave us no reason not to trust you and we still lied," Tyler admitted."Were you afraid you were in trouble for prying open the door?" Klaus asked carefully.Jeremy nodded, "I think so. At first we thought we had found something new and then when we realized we shouldn't be in there, we just panicked." "Hiding things, lying, and hoping they go away never really works. If we don't learn to trust each other, this isn't going to work," Klaus said looking at each teen. "I thought about confining you to your rooms for a week, but during the summer, that seems cruel. But we do need a severe consequence to make sure that you tell me the truth next time?" Klaus started."Are you going to use a belt on us or something?" Jeremy asked fearfully. He'd remembered what Tyler told him about it. It sounded like the worst. "Your new aunt thinks you deserve a switching, but I think I have something that works equally well," Klaus said slipping the hairbrush from his jacket pocket.Both boys got wide-eyed and looked at each other nervously. "Jeremy, you are first this time.  Tyler, you can take off your pants and go stand in the corner. Jeremy, come here," Klaus ordered. He pulled a wooden desk chair forward. He braced his left knee on the bed to lift the boy a bit higher up. This would not allow him any leverage to try to get up. Without speaking, Klaus lowered Jeremy's shorts and boxers. He guided him over his outstretched knee. "Relax your cheeks. Clenching is going to make it worse," Klaus said firmly. He rested his hand on the boy's white backside and brought the flat of his hand down hard. Jeremy's legs twitched and Klaus followed up with a series of hard smacks. Crack. Crack. Crack. Crack.Jeremy was holding onto Klaus' leg and trying to bite his lips to keep from crying out. "I'm warming your backside up for the brush. It's really going to sting, but I hope you learn a lesson from it," Klaus shared. Jeremy couldn't help but trying to rock his hips away from the spanks. They were hard and he never could anticipate where the next whack would land. After a minute or two of hand spanking, Jeremy was starting to kick out his legs. They were not reaching the floor and he was kicking in the air. His face colored at the sight he must be making. He was grateful that Tyler was not watching him get spanked because he was already starting to cry and moan. Klaus clamped his right leg over Jeremy's kicking legs and tightened his left arm to hold the teen steady. Picking up the heavy wooden hairbrush, Klaus brought it down hard five times in the same places on Jeremy's right cheek, he did the same on his left.At this point, Jeremy was bucking and howling as Klaus paddled him even lower on his sit spots. He popped him five times in the same spot and moved to the next check. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop!"Please, Daddy, stop. I'm sorry. I will never lie again," Jeremy wailed and howled as the intensity of the spanking picked up. Klaus wasn't sure how many whacks he had doled out, but he vowed not to stop until the boy was properly chastised. "No, you won't, young man," Klaus said, now targeting the area of the thighs. Even with his legs pinned and an arm across his back, Jeremy was still jerking and thrashing. Klaus stopped and rubbed his back for a minute. Then, he applied the hair brush to the inner thigh area for a few sharp cracks. Jeremy's hands flew back and Klaus caught them. He gave the boy ten of the hardest swats to the center of his backside as the boy screamed himself hoarse. As Klaus thought he saw oval shaped bruises form, he stopped. He'd bring up some arnica cream later.  He dropped the brush and brought the hysterical Jeremy up to cuddle him. It took a few minutes to calm him down. The teen seemed in no state to talk. He helped Jeremy get in the bed on his stomach. Tyler looked like he was facing his execution as he marched over. Klaus grabbed him and said, "I'm doing this because I love you.  You're going to be okay." He smacked his bare behind hard for a solid minute as a warm up for the wooden implement.Klaus steeled himself to paddle Tyler just as firmly with the brush. As usual, Tyler seemed to hold out longer, but eventually the swats caused him to wail just as hard. Each spanking only lasted a few minutes, but it seemed like an eternity to each punished boy. When Klaus saw the start of oval bruises on Tyler's behind, he stopped and cradled him in his arms, too. Tyler sobbed that he was sorry and Klaus believed him. Like Jeremy, he laid Tyler out on his stomach to nap. "I want both of you to get some sleep. If I catch you up, except for the bathroom, before I tell you to get up, you will go back over my knee. I love both of you, always and forever," Klaus said wiping tears from his own eyes. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Klaus ran into Nicole as he was leaving the room.  "Mon dieu, you scared me," she panted. "Sorry, Love. How are you? I'm so glad you are alright. If I could rip those two to pieces a thousand times for you, I would," Klaus growled. "Once was enough, my handsome master. Do the boys need anything?" Nicole said with concern as they walked arm in arm in the the hallway to his bedroom quarters.  "New arses? Maybe some more of your healing salve. Unlike the other times, I didn't go easy on them. This hairbrush is a heavier than the paddle. I'm afraid I almost bruised them," Klaus admitted, hefting the brush in his palm.  "Oui, it shall be done at once, but after I make sure you are okay. I am proud of you. I know it wasn't easy for you to donner une fessée à although it was well-deserved. Let me rub your shoulders," Nicole begged. "I don't deserve you, Cheri. But perhaps don't call me 'master' in front of my sister. She may murder me. She was quite the woman's libber to get the vote and all that," Klaus mused, laughing. "Fine. It will be our little secret, Master!" Nicole said stripping off his shirt.***Jeremy groaned as he rolled over on his back. His backside now had a deep ache. It wasn't like the sting of that paddle that faded into warmth. This was a more deep seed pain.  "Fucking hairbrush," he griped to himself.  Tyler answered, "Tell me about it. I literally don't think we'll be able to sit on those chairs for dinner."  "I know," Jeremy said getting up and looking at his reflection.  "Damn, he really did a number on us," Tyler hissed as he got up. "So I go, like, 17 years never getting a single swat. And now in two months, I get spanked like three or four times. And all by vampires! What the hell?" Jeremy mused. "I think it's because they are old and shit. Like they do things like they did back in time..." Tyler said, now trying to rub out the deep ache unsuccessfully. "But you said your parents used to spank you?" Jeremy prodded. "Yeah, I gotta admit I was a terrible kid. But they stopped and I was still terrible, maybe worse. Then Mr. Saltzman has this talk with my dad...and here I am with a red ass. Hey, I wonder if Alaric is a secret vampire. Maybe my uncle? Face it Mystic Falls is the weirdest goddamn place," Tyler said getting dressed.  "Shit, weren't we supposed to stay in bed?" Jeremy said nervously looking at the door.  "Boys, knock, knock!" Klaus said walking in. "Sorry, we forgot you said to..." Jeremy started. "Told you to stay in bed or go over my knee again, hmm?" Klaus said with his lips turning up in a slight smile. He sat down on the same chair that he had sat in when he paddled them both hours earlier.  "Tyler, trousers down. Come here," Klaus said patting his lap.  "Come on, Dad, it's been like three hours. My ass, I mean my butt is still really sore, I can't take another spanking," Tyler groaned, taking off his pants again. Jeremy got back in the bed and looked on uncomfortably.  Klaus arranged him and took the jar of salve from his pocket.  "I said if I caught you out of bed, you would go over my knee. This salve should help," Klaus said smoothing in the salve.  "Thank you," Tyler said twisting back and looking at Klaus.Klaus lightly smacked his behind.  "Eyes forward and let me work this in. I hated to be so hard on you boys, but if Elijah hadn't seen fit to forgive me, I could have lost the rest of my family," Klaus said solemnly. "I'm sorry, Dad. We didn't think of it like that. We should have told you the truth right away," Tyler said staring at the ground. He was aware that his backside was not out of danger yet.  The salve was starting to soak in. "Thank you, Tyler. Why don't you get dressed. It's almost time for dinner," Klaus said sincerely.  "Okay, Tyler, your turn over my knee. Hurry up or I may change my mind and give you a few swats," Klaus kidded him. "Very funny," Jeremy groaned getting into the now familiar position. Klaus quickly worked the salve in and was glad to see that Jeremy's backside was red, but not bruised.  "Now what have we all learned from this little episode?" Klaus said still rubbing in the salve that Nicole made. "To tell the truth fast and maybe not break into tombs?" Jeremy said, still facedown over Klaus's lap. "Correct. Pants on, please," Klaus agreed giving Jeremy a light tap to get him up. "So dinner tonight may be a little different. I hope that you will treat your aunt and uncle with respect and speak appropriately. That means no swearing. I know it's been a rough day. Let's spend tomorrow fishing or doing something just the three of us," Klaus offered."Sounds good," Jeremy replied. "And boys?" They both looked up,"I..." Klaus couldn't go on, he felt overwhelmed by all the good and bad that had happened.Jeremy and then Tyler went over and hugged him tightly.  After all, he was their dad. ***"So, Klaus tells us that you boys are both artists," Elijah said, passing the salad to Jeremy on his left. "Oh, Jeremy's the real artist. I'm mostly into sports and sh-stuff like that," Tyler pointed out."Any sport in particular?" Rebekah asked, knowing almost nothing about modern sports. She had spent half the day trying to catch up on things on television and the other half shopping."Football. I used to wrestle, but I quit that," Tyler went on. "Quit? Why is that, if I may ask?" Elijah inquired politely. "Oh, I had trouble ending the matches. I guess I have, or had, a bit of a temper. Anger issues..." Tyler trailed off."Oh my, Tyler. I hope you are working on that.  I know some other men with nasty tempers and it is not attractive," Rebekah added looking directly at Klaus."Me? Ha, that is rich coming from the girl who broke two blokes' noses for looking at her the wrong way in the pub," Klaus retorted."Nik, you don't want to challenge me. I could tell them about the time we were in that little village near Prague and you and Kol befriended that crazy witch..." Rebekah started. "Ah, Rebekah, let's not go down memory lane. There are children present," Elijah said eyeballing Tyler and Jeremy who were eager to hear this story. "Quite right, Brother. Sorry, I fear my many years in the coffin has dulled my social skills," Rebekah said with a blush. "We're not really children anymore. Who is Kol?" Tyler asked. Klaus said, "Our other brother. And yes, you most certainly are a child." Tyler muttered, "Sucks to be us," under his breath.Klaus cleared his throat and raised his eyebrows at Tyler's poor choice of words.
"Is he in one of the coffins?" Jeremy asked confused. "Yes, and our eldest brother Finn is in the other one," Elijah added. Jeremy and Tyler looked at each other.Jeremy blurted, "Oh, I assumed you were the oldest.""Boys, it's complicated. We can talk about it another time. After dessert, perhaps we can all take a stroll around the grounds," Klaus offered. "That sounds nice," Rebekah agreed.Klaus smiled back at her. His sister hadn't been this agreeable in ages. ***The siblings and boys walked out to the tree line conversing about future plans for a house warming party, putting in a pool, and maybe even a family vacation. Klaus also offered to have Elena, Jenna, and Carol over for a night if the boys wanted that. All thoughts of rituals, curses, and dark objects were forgotten. For once, they were just a normal family, albeit a wealthy one, walking together after dinner.  Rebekah even suggested they get a puppy. The boys thought that was a great idea. Klaus wasn't so sure. Elijah immediately said no. He knew who would end up training it and taking care of a pet. Just as they were about to head back to the mansion, Klaus' supernatural hearing picked up a scraping sound. "Do you hear something?" he asked his siblings."I do," Elijah confirmed. Klaus told the boys to stay with Rebekah as he and Elijah vamped off to investigate. Tyler started to follow them. "Young man, I think you were told to wait," Rebekah scolded. "Yeah, well, I don't really like to be told what to do!" Tyler sassed back. "Come to think of it, neither do I. Shall we?" Rebekah asked. With care to their tender backsides, Rebekah slumped each boy over her shoulders and vamped in the direction of the sound. "Bloody hell! Is this really happening?" Klaus roared.The metal doors to the makeshift tomb were open again. Kol was crawling out into the growing twilight. And Finn was right behind him.***"Oh my god!" Rebekah shouted. "Kol? Finn? Do they even have daylight rings?""Yes, that shouldn't be a problem," Klaus said completely shocked.Elijah was helping Finn up and chided, "Rebekah, were you not told to keep the boys back?" "That's what you are worried about now, Elijah? Bugger off! Kol, here let me help you," Rebekah said offering her wrist for her weakened brother to feed off of. Klaus offered his wrist to Finn, but he shook it off. Tyler and Jeremy could not help but notice the withering look Elijah gave Rebekah after she cursed at him. They looked at each other in shock. There were two gray looking Original vampires crawling on the ground while three others tried to help them.  Klaus vamped down to the tomb to check to see if their mother's ashes were still there, they were. The chests of riches seemed undisturbed. The daggers were gone. Elijah said, "I'll get a discrete security team in here tomorrow. I don't know what is going on, but I don't like it."  Klaus nodded in thanks.  Kol mimicked Klaus, "'No more dagger, Kol. You can trust me, Mate.' What bloody year is it? Doesn't look like the 90s anymore by the look of your clothes!" "It's 2010. We're still in Mystic Falls," Elijah said calmly.  "Rebekah, I can see our brothers need tending. Can you take the boys to the house, please?" Klaus pleaded with his eyes that she obey him. "Of course, come on, boys.  Maybe Nicole left some cake out?" Rebekah said softly.  "Bex! Don't leave me alone with this bastard. Please," Kol begged, terrified of Klaus. "Kol, stop the nonsense. Nik will do no such thing. I'll see you later," Rebekah said, taking each boy by the hand. "Come now."  "Brother, I know you are upset. Believe me, I share your sentiment. However, Niklaus has two sons now. This is his home we are living in. Many things have happened since you...went to sleep. Mikael is still hunting us. And if anyone has a right to be the most upset, it is Finn," Elijah said looking over at their eldest brother, who was barely off the ground.  "I see I am still cursed with this blood thirst. If only you could release me from this eternal hell," Finn moaned. "Well, Brother, we are damned for all eternity so let's make the best of it shall we? Let me help you," Klaus said half dragging Finn by the arm.  "Fuck you, Elijah, Finn doesn't want to live. I do. I lost another 20 years in a damn box. Again. You can all go to hell. Why did you even bother to undagger us?" Kol prodded. "Actually, Brother, we didn't. And when I find out who did they are going to have to answer to ME!" Klaus raged. "Niklaus, that is enough!" Elijah roared back after seeing the hurt look on Kol's face.  "Then, who the bloody hell freed us?" Kol asked perplexed.  "We have no idea," Klaus admitted. "Come now, let's get you inside." ***Several hours later, the newly undaggered Originals were shown to their quarters and feed as many bags of blood as they wanted. Finn preferred to hunt animals for his blood, but lacked the energy to do so. Both fell into a deep sleep for the night.  Klaus nodded towards the study, now Elijah's study, for an impromtu meeting for the three awake Originals.  Elijah sat behind his new desk and gazed at his siblings across the desk. He poured them all a finger of bourbon.  Klaus began, "I think we can assume that none of us in this room had anything to do with that fiasco." Elijah nodded.  Rebekah said, "Of course not."  Elijah gave her a hard stare.  "Rebekah, I mean it, if you had anything to do with this, tell us now," Elijah beseeched.  "Bloody damn hell, Elijah, I didn't do it and I won't sit here and be treated like a child," Rebekah said standing up in a huff.  "Sister, no one is accusing you," Klaus said sweetly, finishing his drink. "Rebekah Mikaelson, you sit yourself down, before you make me really angry," Elijah seethed.  "Fine! But I don't like being talked to like this. You'll probably just dagger me again anyway, you arses!" she pouted, throwing herself back into her chair. She slammed down her glass shattering it. She grinned and looked at Elijah and shrugged."Klaus has a maid. She can clean it up!"  "No one is daggering anyone, but I can guarantee you that you are heading towards a damn good spanking, young lady! Probably long overdue," Elijah specified. Klaus raised his eyebrows and gave Rebekah a look that said 'watch it." "Elijah, you have the dagger you pulled out of Rebekah, but the ones from Kol and Finn are now missing. That is no issue for me, but whoever has those daggers is a threat to both of you," Klaus said, rubbing his tempers where a headache was building.  "Niklaus is right, we have to find those daggers," Elijah agreed.  "We wouldn't have this issue if Nik hadn't daggered me in the first bloody place!" Rebekah remarked hotly.  "I seem to remember you trying to run away with, what shall we say, a member of a Columbian drug cartel. Plus, you tried to steal five millions dollars out of the family account. So whose fault is it that you got a time out for a few years?" Elijah said evenly.  "Fuck you both!" Rebekah screamed.  Klaus' eyes got wide. Even he knew how far Elijah could be pushed.  "On that note, I will take my leave. I'll, ah, send Nicole in to clean up the glass, um, tomorrow," Klaus said casting a glance as his brother. "There's a gift for you in the middle drawer, Brother. Good luck, Sister. Please don't wake up my boys."  "Elijah, I'm sorry. It's just been a long day," Rebekah said trying to causally get up and act like she wasn't about to get her tail roasted. "It shall be a bit longer for you, Sister," Elijah said vamping over and grabbing her. She was strong, but he had drunk far more blood and trained harder for centuries. Rebekah was no match against her older brother. Plus, she was wearing white stilettos.  "Elijah," she whined putting her hands over her backside.  "Now, Rebekah," Elijah said pulling her toward him with one hand and smacking her bare thighs with the other. She was wearing a tight, slinky white dress that was several inches below her bottom. He bent her carefully over his lap.  The chair didn't have arms and was quite sturdy. Elijah stopped the swats to open the drawer that Klaus indicated. He found a heavy wooden paint stick and took it out.  "Yes, this will do nicely," Elijah grinned. "What is it, Elijah?" Rebekah said twisting to look back.  "A paint stick, I believe. I think they also call it a paint paddle. Used for stirring gallons of paint and spanking sassy, misbehaving brats," Elijah explained.  "No, I'm sorry. I should have listened to you. I was angry," Rebekah grumbled.  "Yes, you should have listened. Now, I'm going to communicate to you in a more direct manner!" Elijah said swatting the center of her bottom over her dress.  Whap! "You are supposed to be acting like an adult, not a sulky toddler," Elijah scolded. He started spanking one cheek then the next at a fast pace. "Oww, okay. I get it. You can stop now," Rebekah pleaded.  Elijah laughed out loud.  "No, I don't think you are getting it yet, but you will. Lift up," Elijah said yanking up her dress. To his horror, Rebekah was wearing a bright white skimpy thong. Almost her entire ivory colored bottom was bare.  Rebekah yelled and thrashed when she felt the cool air on her rear end. She almost stabbed Elijah when one of her heels flew up violently. She couldn't help it. She hadn't had a spanking in a while and her backside was burning fiercely.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!  Elijah started spanking harder and faster. He wanted to make a good impression so he wouldn't have to do this anytime soon. Keeping his eye on the clock, he decided that another solid minute of smacks would be a decent warm up before he took the paint stick to her. "It hasn't been a whole day yet and here you are getting a spanking. I am very disappointed in your behavior," Elijah lectured, restraining her with his left arm.  "Elijah, please.*smack* I get it now. *smack*I learned a lesson.*smack* I don't need a spanking," Rebekah begged.Swat! Swat! Swat! "Your behavior dictates otherwise. Now, hush, and think about how many times you cursed and disobeyed today," Elijah said eyeing the clock. Elijah paused while he picked up the paint paddle. It seemed smooth. Did Klaus sand it down for them?  Rebekah tried to twist back to see if he was done.  "Face forward, young lady. Keep those hands on the floor and your feet down," he commanded bringing the first hand whack down on both cheeks. The stick left a red stripe. Rebekah started wailing without shame. Elijah cracked down again a bit lower twice. Rebekah tried to reach back and kicked both her legs out. Elijah simply swatted her sit spots and upper thighs until she returned her hand to the ground. He angled the paddle towards her inner thighs, knowing how sensitive that area was. As an Original vampire, Rebekah healed quickly. This was usually a boon, but it meant she could be paddled for a long time without injury or damage. Elijah knew that meant that the after effects also wore off quicker.  "Owww. Ouch. Stop it, dammit. Elijah, I will behave myself, just stop it," Rebekah continued to beg.  "You will continue to be paddled until I am certain you have learned your lesson. What do I want to hear?" Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Elijah was now swatting down in the center of each check in the same spot and alternating.  "Sorry...I'm so sorry," Rebekah sobbed. Elijah started to bring the stick down hard against both cheeks to wrap up the punishment.  "Are you going to be a good example for your new nephews? You are not their friend. Things are going to be difficult for all of us to adjust. We need you to be respectful and helpful, not mean and vindictive," Elijah cautioned.  Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! "Rebekah, if you cannot stay in place, I"m going to have to spank you again tomorrow. Now, stay still," Elijah warned.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Rebekah was still wiggling, but her behind was fiery red and splotchy. He could tell she was trying to dig her feet into the floor as much as possible.  She must not have had enough blood today to hasten her healing as much as usual. He put the paint paddle down.  "And if I hear you back talking Klaus or me, using the foul language I heard today, or disobeying, you will get the paddle where ever you misbehave, remember that. You are lucky I'm not washing out your mouth with soap," Elijah finished with several more firm spanks.  Spank! Spank! Spank! He was done. He patted her back for a few minutes and then lifted her up, smoothing down her dress.  "You know you mean the world to me. I spent months trying to find you to reunite our family.  Even when you misbehave, I love you, but I will not hesitate to correct any of you when you need it," Elijah said sterning.  "Even Nik?" Rebekah sniffed.  Elijah smiled, "It has been a few centuries since I attempted that, maybe Finn can take over that duty."  They both chuckled at the thought of Finn even trying to tame the hybrid.  "That was the hardest spanking you ever gave me," Rebekah pouted.  "I think you need to feed and maybe I ran out of patience faster than I should have, but you're forgiven now," Elijah said hugging her tightly.  "My behind is on fire, maybe we can throw that paint paddle into the bonfire this year?" she suggested casually.  "Sure, it's not for six months though. Can you behave that long?"  "Probably not," Rebekah admitted. "I'm glad we are all together again, though. Do you think this can work?"  "Well, we have two new family members to protect, so we don't have the option of failure. Now can you put yourself to bed? It's getting late," Elijah asked. "I believe so. Any chance I can get some O. negative?" "No, I think we'll let this lesson sink in. Then, tomorrow morning you can have as much as you want," Elijah promised. "But my bottom is so sore now!" Rebekah said, getting up and rubbing both cheeks.  "That's the point. Now run along before you smart off and I get tempted to paddle you again," Elijah teased.  "I'm going to burn that thing!" Rebekah replied, kissing him on the cheek, on her way out.  "I'll just get something worse!" ***In the kitchen, Nicole glanced at the microwave clock.  She was anxious to wake up her love. It had been many years since she started looking for him. Many years of plotting, scheming, and sucking up to his bastard brother. Kol had saved her from execution by her own coven for practicing sacrificial magic. He taught her how to make dark objects and then he was taken from her years ago. Kol had warned her about his brother and the daggers. Now, she had, not one, but two daggers. And she had Kol back! She had waited years for this moment. Nothing was going to get in the way of their love. And she really hated to cook.
  
    Chapter Text
    Kol slipped out of bed in the middle of the night famished. He drained a few blood bags on the bedside table, but it barely satisfied him. In the box, he was mainly unconscious and but there were times he dreamt. He dreamt of blood and women and magic. True, there was no pain, but there was also no pleasure.  Being daggered was like being underwater and never resurfacing. His fist tightened and he had to stop himself from smashing it through the wall of this pretty new room. Klaus wasn't even going to undagger him!  He needed a taste of his own medicine. His thoughts drifted to Mary Alice Claire and Astrid. He assumed they were still trapped in the Fauline cottage in New Orleans. He would try to slip away and check on that situation when he could, but it may be a long time until he could do that. There only crime had been to try to help him tame Nik, he hoped that Nicole didn't end up the same, or worse.  He heard light footsteps and heard his door slide open.  "Think of the devil and she appears," he smiled, vamping over to Nicole and embracing her.  "Finally, I felt like this day would never come," Nicole cried. "Darling, I can never repay you," he assured the black haired witch sincerely. "Oui, your bastard brother tells me the very same thing. Do you know what I had to do to get you out? I've been so busy here cooking and playing servant that I am ready to crack. First the boys and now I'm cleaning up after your sister smashing glasses and wanting me to show her how to wear the 'new' fashions," Nicole seethed. "Sorry, I'll see that Nik gets a real maid and maybe Bex will get some friends. We'll say you have the pox or something. What's with those kids being here anyway? Who the hell are they? Klaus is good at playing daddy to orphans until they try to challenge him or they take a fancy to my sister," Kol chuckled. "The boys are actually sweet, mon cher. Your brother has surprised me with his love and caring for them, though he tends to spoil them rotten. There were times when I almost came to think he was a good man, a man of honor...Then, I thought of how he took you from me and hid you away. It's been almost twenty years. I have longed for you every single day," she confessed.  "I'm so sorry. You are the only person I can depend on. They were going to leave me in there forever with that bore Finn. And now he is spoiling human 'sons' that are not of our blood? Nik never used to spoil for anything except a fight," Kol whispered. "You don't have to whisper. I spelled the room for privacy," she said kissing him deeply.  "Oh, you did, did ya, Love? I thought you weren't anchored. How are doing spells?" Kol inquired, kissing her neck.  He could hear his pulse quickening, it was driving him mad. "I may have joined a small coven.  Don't be mad, my love, but it was the only way I got the power to find you and get you out," Nicole said, her black eyes afraid.  "Nicole, what did you do?" Kol worried. He feel a jot of fear.   Nicole looked down,"I thought they were only doing expression, at first. Then, I found out that this new coven is doing sacrifice magic. There is a heavy cost for them to empower me to help you."  "What do they want, Darling?" Kol asked slowly. "Your brother. They want to channel your brother, the hybrid, for power," Nicole said, tilting her head to expose her neck to him. "Drink and I'll tell you more later. You must feed as much as possible. We must also be very, very careful. It is the only way we can defeat him."  Kol caressed her and said, "He'll never separate us again. I promise you." Then, he sunk his fangs into her neck and drank until he forgot about his brother. --------Several days later: Jeremy and Tyler couldn't help but laugh watching Finn try to navigate the modern world. Had he really never seen a refrigerator before? Water coming from the sink seemed to perplex him. Neither boy was really sure if or how vampires used the bathroom and they really didn't want to know. Elijah patiently assisted Finn and warmed him up a mug of blood. Finn grimaced and growled, "I cannot abide this slop. Is there a hunting ground near? I will find my own fare." "Ah, do not fear, Finn. We shall find you sufficient hunting grounds. Perhaps you can show the boys here a thing or two about how to hunt like a Viking?" Elijah suggested. "That would be cool!" Jeremy chimed in. "I can drive you," Tyler added.  Finn just gulped down the rest of the blood and nodded. Then, he walked outside without another word.  To the boys, Elijah said, "Let me speak to your father, it might be good for us to have a bit of a day out." "We were supposed to go fishing today, but hunting with a Viking sounds better," Jeremy admitted. "Good. And boys, please try to control your amusement at Finn's ineptitude with the modern world. None of us chose to be a vampires, but he especially shafed against what he felt like was a curse.  Finn was always closer to our mother than any of us, I suppose he just never fit in. Have you ever felt like that?" Elijah asked in a low tone. "I have, I guess...ah, Uncle...," Jeremy added, not knowing what to call Elijah.  "You can call me Uncle Elijah, if you like," he smiled. "Uncle Elijah, we shouldn't have made fun of him. He just seems so weird and like, royally pissed off," Tyler added.  "Tyler, he probably is. I have to admit that I'm not proud of how we treated him for too many years.  I'm going to try to make it up to him somehow. I have a feeling it won't be easy," Elijah said gazing outside at his eldest brother.  Finn was outside sharpening a stick with a rock. He already had a small pile of spears gathered. The squirrels of the mansion would not be safe as long as the ancient hunter was near. _______________The next day:"Elijah and Finn are taking the lads off to hunt today. Would you like to go?" Niklaus asked Rebekah, while he poured her a cup of coffee. "Hunt animals? Me? I would rather scrub your toilets, but thanks for asking. I only like to hunt for tasty men to take a drink out of and then compel to forget me forever. It's easier that way. But I do wonder, why you are inviting me to such manly pursuits. I thought you liked to keep the ladies in their place," Rebekah smirked. She sipped the hot liquid and added three or four tablespoons of sugar.  "Oh, well, I have long since learned the errors of my ways. I'm all for equality now.  Plus, it makes me happy to think of how angry Father would be if he knew that you learned to hunt with weapons.  Remember how he didn't even allow you to touch them?" Klaus mused. "Aye, and I found that I had other weapons to use against both man and beast," she said coyly, batting her eye lashes. "Speaking of, can I have some money to go shopping? I think I need more conservative undergarments." "Please, allow me to remain ignorant of that. This should be more than enough," Klaus signed, taking a wad of bills out of his wallet to hand to her. "Thank you, Brother," Rebekah said, tucking the money in her bra. "I won't even be mad at you for daggering me or giving Elijah that blasted stick to thrash me with the other night. Do you know I went to destroy it this morning and he's already hidden it?"  "Oh little Sister, you were being a bit of a pill with all that cursing and backchat and were asking for a little attention. Since Elijah spanked the dickens out of you, you have behaved like a perfect angel. Sometimes I fear we neglected providing you and Kol with the support and discipline you needed in decades past. Look at the years we lost you all and you ended up sleeping in a coffin," Klaus said refilling her cup.  "Sleeping? In a coffin? Nik, you put us there," Rebekah pointed out.  "It hurt me to do so. I swear that we will not neglect your needs or give into any childish whims this time. I also have two boys to protect now. I am really happy we are all here now, but I am also a little afraid that we will fall into old patterns," Klaus mused.  "So you're saying that we are going to get our tails lit up for the slightest fuss? That is until you and Elijah get distracted by trying to rule over whatever city we are in. Right? Same old story. Did Kol go on this epic hunt?" Rebekah asked wondering if she could drag him shopping with her. He didn't have the worst taste in the world.  "Rebekah, we are not worried about power or controlling things. Just family. I haven't seen Kol yet today. Do you want me to take you shopping?" Klaus asked. To his surprise, she accepted. ______________________
After everyone had finally left, Kol and Nicole slipped into his bedroom to plot. Elijah hired a cleaning crew to come in two days a week which freed her up a bit.  "So, did you speak to the elders about their terms?" Kol said, pulling off his clothes. "Oui, they want us to lure Niklaus to a nearby cave. From there, they think that they can restrain him and carve the symbol into his forehead. Then, once they link their magic, they can use him as a source of great power," Nicole muttered between kissing his bare chest. Kol frowned, "Will it hurt him?" Nicole stopped and looked at him, "Cher, are you getting cold feet?" "No, of course not, but I'm not sure they understand how strong Nik is. I've seen him rip entire towns to shreds," Kol uttered bitterly. "Hell, I've helped him do it."
Nicole put her slim brown hand to his face, "He made you a monster. Now let him suffer for his sins. Then, we can be free forever. If we do this, they will grant me a new life. I will not grow old and I will be almost as strong as you. If we don't, they will kill me." "Just hold them off, I need to try to find out if Nik can free my friends he trapped in New Orleans," Kol begged."Mais your friends are not as important as my life," Nicole replied."You don't understand, Darling. Those friends are the only ones who can create such powerful dark objects. One of the dark objects that we need is a converted white oak stake. We also need a paragon diamond. There is no other way that coven, or anyone, can conquer him, he is too powerful," Kol surmised peering into his eyes. "There is no other way, Cher?" Nicole trembled. "Not that I can see. Those girls he trapped are the key to trapping him," Kol said. ______At the hunt:Finn finally seemed to be in his element in the woods. Elijah brought a small arsenal of various crossbows, bows, knives, and slings. He knew that a gun would be out of the question for Finn to use. With their Original vampire strength and senses, they could easily hunt without weapons. Yet Elijah assumed Finn would want to hunt like they had in their human lives, so long ago. "Now, boys, I want you to be very careful. Safety is our first priority.  You can have fun, but please take care stay with me and be aware of your surroundings. Do not touch anything without my permission or supervision," Elijah cautioned.  "Yes, sir," Tyler said.  "I have a forest full of switches to apply to any backside that cannot mind me. Very well, shall we try for a deer?" Elijah went on. "Sounds good," Jeremy said wondering if Klaus would really allowed Elijah to take a switch to either of them. He certainly hoped not.  Finn indicated that he wanted to go his own way to track a bear. Elijah figured that he would start out by teaching the boys the bow if they were interested.  Tyler had a little experience hunting deer, but Jeremy had never done it before.  As they practiced their shots, Tyler ended up sharing about the little cave he found with the wolves caved on the ceiling. "I always meant to go back and check it out again, but they my dad died and I never had a chance to go back," Tyler recalled. "I'm sorry about your father, Tyler," Elijah said sincerely. "Thanks, we didn't always get along. I'm glad we had the last few months of his life to make things right," Tyler admitted. Elijah added, "You know, you boys should make sure that you stay connected to friends and family. Would you like to stop off at the Mystic Grill for dinner? You could call everyone and tell them to meet us there. It will be my treat."  "Yeah, that sounds great. I'll text them now," Jeremy said. "Tyler, do you want to use my phone to call your mom?" "Nah, man, thanks. She has her council meetings on Tuesdays.  Now that she is the mayor, she can't miss," Tyler said rolling his eyes.  "We'll invite her another time," Elijah assured him. "It's always something with her. I mean, if it wasn't for Klaus, I'd be alon As Jeremy was texting, Tyler picked up the crossbow angry thinking about how his mother seemed to have abandoned him so quickly. Elijah turned and said, "Put that down-" No sooner than he finished the word "down" the crossbow ejected and the bolt sailed across and landed in Finn's chest.  The next few minutes seemed to happen in slow motion to Jeremy. He saw Finn look down at the bolt embedded deep into his chest and tear it out. Then, he face changed suddenly, his eyes turned black and fangs popped out of his mouth. Finn seemed to appear in front of Tyler ripping the crossbow out of his hands as Tyler stood mouth gaping open in shock.  Elijah whizzed over and got in front of Tyler, pushing him back slightly. He shouted something in another language to Finn. Finn still tried to come at Tyler until Elijah said something in a much calmer voice. Elijah reached out and touched his brother on the arm, but Finn brushed it off quickly.  Elijah then pointed back to the woods and finally looked back at a terrified Tyler and Jeremy. Finn grunted something roughly and vamped back into the woods. Elijah finally exhaled and slumped against the maple tree behind him in a daze. Tyler choked out, "Thank you. I think you just saved my life." Elijah nodded, "I did, young man, but not your backside. I assured Finn that I would discipline you thoroughly for this." Jeremy sputtered, "But it was an accident!" Elijah agreed,"It was. But if Finn were a human, he'd be dead. Didn't I tell you not to touch anything without permission?" Tyler nodded and said, "You did. I didn't think it would go off. I mean, did he go off to die or something?" "No, Tyler, your Uncle Finn went to feed again to hasten his healing. I am sorry that I had to intervene like that, but I was afraid that he was going to give you a small fraction of what our father would have doled out when we displeased him," Elijah said wiping off his forehead with his embroidered handkerchief.  Jeremy added, "I thought he was going to eat Tyler." Elijah frowned and said, "Let's get this over with." He started heading to a fallen tree trunk and leading Tyler by the arm.  "Are you still going to tell Dad what I did," Tyler said nervously.  "No, young man, but you will. Jeremy, you can start heading back to the truck, this won't take long. Tyler, I warned you about disobeying me. You're getting a whipping and then we'll go into town. Now lean against the tree trunk quickly and I'll let you keep your shorts on," Elijah said briskly. "What if someone sees?" Tyler asked anxiously.  "I will hear them before they get close. I promise you that no one will see," Elijah said feeling a moment of compassion for the boy. He really didn't want to do this, but he wanted to keep his word and appease Finn at the same time.  Tyler's face flushed. He leaned his arms on the trunk awkwardly hoping to get it over with before Finn came back and saw. Tyler heard Elijah moving around behind him but he wasn't even sure if he wanted to know what was in store for him. Elijah leaned down and whispered, "I know the scare of what you went through is probably punishment enough, but Finn was injured and you must learn to listen to me. Try to stay still as much as you can, but this is going to hurt."
Elijah brought the switch down smartly over the middle of Tyler's backside. Through two layers of material, it still managed to smart a great deal and he flinched. Elijah was flicking the switch with his wrist and not applying much force at all. He worked his way down Tyler's behind and on to his thighs. The switch was a little whooshing sound.  "Ah, it stings, man," Tyler blurted out, unable to stay still.  Elijah grabbed him with his left arm and leaned him forward to apply another few lashes to the squirming backside in front of him.  "When Finn comes back, you will apologize to him and tell him that you got a whipping. Then, you will talk to your father tonight before bed. I would expect that he will probably reinforce the lesson you're learning now," Elijah lectured.  Silent tears streamed down Tyler's face as he tried to hop and move. The areas where the switch came down felt like lines of fire. Elijah swished the slender stick down twice hard on Tyler's sit spots and said, "Done." He snapped the stick in two and tossed it to the ground.  Tyler's hands went to his behind to try to rub out the burning sensation. Elijah smiled and reached out to embrace his new nephew."Thanks," Tyler muttered. "For what? Lighting up your backside? You're welcome," Elijah joked.  "No, I know that wasn't very hard. You were barely flicking that switch. It still stung, but I was expecting it harder," Tyler admitted, wiping the stray tears away. "Well, you will still have to deal with your father tonight. I know that after I gave Marcel a licking, Niklaus would often follow up with a little spanking at bedtime," Elijah shared. "Who was Marcel?" Tyler asked as they headed back. "Oh, ah, he was Klaus'... first son. He died a long time ago when we fled New Orleans. It might be something that is hard for us to talk about," Elijah said loading up the equipment.  Just as Tyler started to ask what happened, Finn vamped back.  Tyler got in and put on his seatbelt. Jeremy was relieved to see he was in one piece. "You okay, man?" he asked Tyler. Tyler was squirming a little, but said, "Dude, he was swatting me as lightly as possible. It stings now, but he was really holding back."  The adults got in the trunk and they drove to the Mystic Grill for dinner.  Jeremy asked Tyler, "Hey, is that Matt's truck?" "Yeah, he usually works Tuesdays.  I'm glad he's here. He sounded lonely the last time I talked to him, you know without Vicky. Then, his mom took off again. I feel bad for him, man," Tyler replied. "We should invite him over," Jeremy suggested. Tyler joked, "He'd see that house and Rebekah and never want to leave." Jeremy laughed and said, "True! Do we have room for one more?" 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Hey, look who finally showed up!" Matt called out, slapping Jeremy and Tyler on the back. "Matt, good to see you. This is our new 'Uncle' Elijah and this is Finn, they just moved here," Jeremy said. Elijah had helped Finn change his shirt before getting into the car to hide the bolt marks. Jeremy kept side glancing at the man to make sure he was still conscious. He wasn't used to seeing vampires heal, especially as quickly as an Original vampire did. It was disconcerting to say the least, but he guessed it was better than seeing him dead.  "Nice to meet you. I hope my friends here are behaving themselves better than they did in school," Matt laughed.  "Pleased to make your acquaintance, Matt.  Your friends are boisterous, but we appreciate the youthful energy they bring to the house. Plus, no one else can figure out how to set that DVR device," Elijah quipped back.  "Let me grab you some menus and get you some drinks," Matt said next. After he took their orders, Jeremy checked his phone and got messages that Bonnie would stop by later, but Elena and Stefan were out the lake house. On a Tuesday night? Jeremy saw Damon at the bar and went to investigate if his sister was really away or fibbing to him.  Elijah went to clean up in the restroom and Tyler was alone at the table with Finn. His slightly burning backside reminded him that Elijah told him to apologize. "Ah, sir, I wanted to say I'm sorry about the bolt thing.  Uncle Elijah whipped me with a stick while you were feeding again," Tyler said blushing. "Good. I think you deserve a much harsher punishment, but it looks like my brothers have grown soft and fat off the land here," Finn ground out of his mouth like a curse.  "Well, sorry. It was an accident," Tyler said unable to not defend himself.  Finn said something under his breath in another language and looked away.  "I was 'away' a long time. I shall try to live in this new world, but it is much changed," Finn said looking around the Mystic Grill in confusion.  "Got ya," Tyler said, not having any idea what he meant by that. But then Tyler thought at least he doesn't want to kill me right now. --------"Damon, have you seen my sister?" Jeremy asked abruptly. "Oh, little Gilbert...'Nice to see you Damon. How are you?' I guess, your 'new family' hasn't taught you any manners!" Damon mocked.  "Sorry, I was just hoping Elena would meet me here," Jeremy said sadly.Damon cringed at his own bad manners.  "Hey, hey, wait. She and Stefan went up to your family lake house to look into something. A lot has been going on, it's probably better that you aren't around to get involved," Damon remarked. "Like what?" Jeremy pressed. "Like want a drink, kid?" Damon said holding out his glass. "I"m 17," Jeremy said dryly. "Like that ever stopped you before?" Damon said smirking.  Matt called out, "Jer, food is out.""Thanks, man," he said to Matt. To Damon he said, "See ya later, I gotta get back."  "Jeremy," Damon called. "Yeah?" Jeremy said surprised because Damon hardly ever called him by name. "Did Tyler Lockwood ever mention anything about his family being...cursed?" Damon asked quietly. "Cursed? Damon, I have no clue what you are talking about," Jeremy said with a puzzled look.  Damon gave him a short nod and went back to his drink.  Jeremy said to Matt, "How are things really, man?" Matt's face fell,"Dude, I'm screwed. I don't have enough money for rent and I don't know what to do. Mr. Saltzman was about to call social services on me when he found out my mom took off. I don't know what to do." "Matt, you can stay with us. We'll ask and I'm sure they will be cool with it. Just be ready to leave. We have stuff at our house, you don't need to bring anything," Jeremy promised. -------------------------------Back at the table, Jeremy was happy to see that Klaus had arrived. "Splendid idea! How was your hunting trip?" he asked sipping a glass of ice water. Klaus looked at Elijah and he shook his head slightly. Then, Elijah opened his mouth, but then shut it looking at Tyler.  "Good, mostly. There was a little accident though," Tyler admitted flushing. "Are you both all right?" Klaus asked looking each boy over.  "They are fine. Perhaps Tyler can fill you in later? How was shopping with our lovely sister?" Elijah smiled.  "I have blisters, no money, and she forced me to buy a $300 scarf," Klaus admitted.  Tyler chimed in, "Well, the ladies like that stuff!" "No, Son, it was for me. She was eyeing some lavender colored polos when I dragged her out of there. I did manage to buy you boys some items for your amusement since the weight room is still in progress," Klaus said. "Great! Like what?" Tyler asked. "Paintball guns, baseball gloves, a football, and some other athletic equipment. In truth, I told the lad working to bag up the most popular items sold. Next time, you two will have to come with me," Klaus offered. "Awesome. Thanks, Dad," Jeremy said.  "Where's Finn?" Elijah asked suddenly.  "I thought he was in the loo," Klaus admitted. "I'll go check."_____________A few moments later, Klaus found Finn pacing outside the Grill. "What ails thee, brother? I was hoping we'd have a chance to talk," Klaus said slowly.  "Niklaus, after so long dreaming of this day, of freedom...I am not sure I can live like this. Too many sounds, too many people. I do not understand. The lights are too bright..." Finn said staring at the street light.  "Finn, you were...asleep for many years. It will take some time for you to adjust. Let us help you, brother," Klaus pleaded. "Asleep? I wish it were so! I was awake in there for centuries," he roared. "What? That is impossible. The others said that it is like a deep sleep," Klaus said horrified. "After a few hundred year, I think, you wake. You are knowing but cannot move or do much but think. I thought of all of you so often. I wonder how much you thought of me. I may have gone insane long ago," Finn admitted.  Elijah came out hearing the last part.  "Forgive us, Finn. It was not just Niklaus who allowed you to suffer so. There is no excuse for what we did. Let us situate you somewhere quiet and private," Elijah pleaded. "There is a lake cabin we have not far from Mystic Falls. Would you like to stay there, brother? You can hunt and fish and live like we did in the old days. You can call on us if you need us. There are many animals near and you shall have whatever you need," Klaus said quietly.  Finn nodded and said, "Please. Take me there now. I always thought that we were all monsters, but I see myself as the only real monster here now. I need to learn how to live again."  "Come, let me drive you," Elijah said leading Finn away.__________Klaus announced, "Elijah is taking Finn for a holiday at our Lake cabin. Are you ready to go?" "Ah, we were thinking of asking Matt if he wanted to come over. He is living alone now and..." Jeremy asked, looking around for Matt. "Of course.  But what do you mean, he's living alone? His sister Vicky was murdered and his mom took off. He's kind of like us, no parents," Tyler said. "You have me now. Tyler, your mum is around, just busy.  You can check in with her tomorrow, okay? Now, go get Matt and let's get on our way," Klaus said clapping his hands.  Tyler found Matt and said, "Get your shit. You're coming with us." "You don't have to ask me twice," Matt said waving bye to the manager. His shift had been over for 20 minutes already.  Klaus drove the boys home as Elijah took Finn to the cabin.  The hunting trip was a test for Finn and he did not pass. They had set up the cabin as a back up. Elijah detested the rustic look of the place, but was willing to stay if Finn wanted him there. ---------------Klaus and Jeremy helped Matt get situated in Jeremy's room, as Tyler went to take a shower.  Rebekah peeked in. "Who is this handsome lad?" she said smiling at Matt.  Matt blushed and held out his hand, "Matt Donovan, ma'am." "Ma'am, my are you a keeper! I'm Bex. Are you staying here, too?" Rebekah purred. "No, I'm just spending the night," Matt said. "He's welcome to stay as long as he wants," Klaus announced.  "It would be cool if we could get bunk beds and all sleep in my room. Then, we could turn Tyler's room into like a game room?" Jeremy offered. "Sure, if that's what you boys want. We can talk about it tomorrow. Matt, let us know if you need anything else," Klaus said walking out with Rebekah. "Thank you, Sir," Matt said smiling. This place was epic. This one bedroom alone was the size of Matt's entire house now. These people must be millionaires.  "Of course. Jeremy, can you tell Tyler to meet me in my room when he's done?" Klaus said softly.  "Sure, but Dad? He feels really bad about what happened," Jeremy said quietly. "I'm sure he does. Don't worry, I won't be too hard on him," Klaus said, stepping back and kissing him on the head.  "Go to bed, boys," Klaus said. ----------------------"Thanks again for today, Nik," Rebekah said as she headed to her rooms. "I would say anytime, but I may need a few weeks to recover," Klaus teased.  "That scarf is going to look very handsome on you!" she gushed. "If you say, sister. Where has Kol been hiding? I've barely seen him this week," Klaus wondered.  "He must have found a lady friend already. You know him, Nik.  Elijah called and said he was staying with Finn," Rebekah said eyes wide.  "Yes, he needs some time away. Elijah prepared the Lake cabin for him to stay in as long as he needed to," Klaus said evenly.  "I'm really proud of you two for not justing daggering him again. Honestly, he is a little scary, but I don't want him to have to spend another few centuries in that coffin," Rebekah admitted.  "Good night, Rebekah. Tell Kol I want to talk to him when you see him," Klaus said kissing her cheek goodnight.______________Klaus took a shower himself and got dressed for bed. He heard a soft knock on his door. "Come in, Tyler," Klaus invited. "How did you know it was me?" Tyler asked puzzled.  "Well, there was only one little naughty boy I invited here for a bedtime chat. Also, we can identify people by their footsteps," Klaus mused with a soft smile. "Oh, it must be cool to have special powers, huh?" Tyler mused. "Pros and cons. Stop trying to change the subject. Tell me what happened today, Son," Klaus said sitting on his bed and patting the spot beside him. "Um, Uncle Elijah told us not to touch stuff without permission. We decided to invite our families to the Grill and I realized that my mom wouldn't come. I got mad thinking about it and picked up the crossbow. I fired it and it went into Finn's chest. I thought I killed him for a second. Then, he changed...and came toward me really fast," Tyler paused, his voice shaking. "It's okay. That can be very scary, then what happened?" Klaus prompted. "Ah, Elijah got in front of me and pushed him back. They were yelling in some weird language and then Finn left," Tyler stopped not wanting to continue.  "Then, did Elijah punish you?" Klaus asked gently seeing how embarrassed Tyler was.  "He told us if we didn't listen he was gonna switch us. So he made me bent over and smacked me with the stick," Tyler admitted.  "He switched you?" Klaus asked with surprised.  "It was over my pants and it stung a lot but I could tell he wasn't hitting me hard at all. I got it maybe ten times about..." "What, Tyler, go on," Klaus pushed, sensing there was more. "I could tell he didn't want to do it, but I think Finn was really mad. I was afraid he was going to kill me," Tyler confessed.  Klaus pulled the boy into a hug, "Finn is going to go stay in our lake cabin for a while with Elijah. You don't have to worry about him again. I'm sorry that I wasn't there, but I trust Elijah to protect you. It seems like he did."  "I could have killed someone, like Jeremy, because I got mad again. I don't know why I don't just forget about my mom. She forgot about me," Tyler ranted. "No, Son, she didn't," Klaus said. "I met with her today." "My mom?" Tyler said, now he was the one surprised. "Yes, she feels terrible about how wrapped up she got in town business. She misses your father a great deal. She also left me a little gift," Klaus chuckled. "You're not going to like this, but she is hoping I can get your behavior and anger under control." "Oh, damn, no!" Tyler groaned. "Watch your language. You don't want to add getting your mouth washed out with soap to what you have coming," Klaus said reaching into his bedside table. "No, are you kidding me?" Tyler burst out when he saw what Klaus was holding.  "Your mom said this little paddle was the best motivator for you to mind your temper," Klaus said gripping the wooden paddle shaped as a hand. "I hate that thing! This is so embarrassing. I can't believe she gave you that," Tyler moaned. He stomped his feet and pulled his hands into fists. "What's embarrassing is a young man having temper tantrums and behaving like a spoilt brat," Klaus said firmly. "You're right. I'm sorry," Tyler said ashamed of his outburst.  "Let's take care of this and then you can go to sleep. It's been a long day. Over," Klaus said guiding his son over his lap. He moved back on the bed so his whole body was supported. Klaus put the paddle with the words "Helping Hand" down on the comforter. He wanted to warm up Tyler's behind a little with his hand before paddling him.  Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack. Tyler relaxed when he felt the lighter swats. Maybe Klaus was going to go easy on him like Elijah did? Klaus was swatting randomly and steadily.  After a minute or two the light whacks were building up. Klaus started spanking a little harder. Crack. Crack. Crack. Crack. Crack.  Tyler shifted a little to start to ease the burn. The smacks continued without pause until Tyler was starting to wiggle. He hoped that Jeremy didn't tell Matt where he was. That would be too humiliating.  Jeremy's thoughts were brought back to his present situation by a hard swat in the middle of his behind. He sucked in his breath.  "Why are you here, young man?" Klaus asked bringing his hand down on Tyler's sit spots now harder.  "Ouch! I lost my temper and shot Finn," Tyler gasped. He was now shifting from side to side. Klaus was holding him in place with his left arm.  "Still. Was it worth it to disobey your uncle?" Klaus asked, spanking harder and faster across both of Tyler's cheeks.  "No! Please Dad, it hurts. I always got switched. Stop," Tyler yelped trying to push himself up as hard as he could.  "Let's see how red your behind is. Lift up so I can take down your pants," Klaus ordered with one last whack of his palm. Tyler's leg kicked and he groaned softly.  Whack! "Please don't," he begged with no hope that his father would keep his pants up. Tyler's lifted up and felt the air on his flaming backside.  Klaus pulled the pants down to his knees. He took a moment to examine the boy's rear end and yanked up his t-shirt to see.  It was pink but there were no signs of the switching that Elijah administered except for two thin light red weals across Tyler's sit spots. His brother really must be going soft.  "You have two little marks from the switch. I'm going to put some balm on you so you don't bruise. Stay still, son. You're doing well," Klaus reached over and unscrewed the jar of salve. It reminded him that he hadn't seen Nicole all day either.  He was going to need more salve soon. Tyler felt the cooling balm smoothed over his burning backside. He wished his ordeal was over, but he knew he could have killed someone with his temper.  The tears started dripping down on the comforter as he tried to stay still.  "Okay, I'm giving you ten hard swats with the paddle and we're all done. Keep still and think about how it is better to obey then lose your temper," Klaus scolded, putting his hand on Tyler's lower back to hold him in place. Pop! Klaus brought the paddle down firmly on Tyler's right cheek. Tyler wailed and shifted his body to try to get up. For his efforts, he got a harder whack on his left check. Pop! The balm soothed, but left Tyler's backside more sensitive to the paddle swats. His behind felt lit up with fire.  Klaus smacked him twice and each sit spot hard causing the boy to yell out, "Fuck! Stop! This is bullshit!" A blood vessel in Klaus's forehead pulsed.  "What did you just say?" Klaus growled popping the paddle down smartly in the center of Tyler's now red behind.  "Stop!" Tyler sobbed.  Klaus was trying to stay calm, but the fact that the boy was misbehaving during the paddling irked him.  Klaus stopped and said, "I guess you do need your mouth soaped out, mister." He tucked the paddle under his arm and stood up his rebellious son. Swatting him with his hand on the rear to get him moving.  "I don't know what has gotten into you, but you are going to learn to watch your mouth and behave yourself if I have to paddle you every night for a week," Klaus said dragging Tyler to the large marble bathroom, as Tyler tried to cover his bottom. Spank! Spank! Spank! Tyler was sobbing and trying to dig his heels in the carpet, but he was no match against his angry hybrid father.  With one hand still clasping Tyler's arm, Klaus decided to try something new.  "Open your mouth," he commanded as he grabbed the liquid pump soap.  "No, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it," Tyler wailed.  Klaus grabbed the paddle under his arm and swatted Tyler's backside hard three times.  Whap! Whap! Whap! "Open, or you are not going to sit for a week!" Klaus warned popping him again twice on the thighs with the light wooden toy. Crack. Crack. Tyler reluctantly opened his mouth and Klaus squirted in the soap. Tyler immediately grimaced and gagged.  "Put your hands on the counter," Klaus demanded. Tyler opened his eyes wide and obeyed. Klaus lined the paddle up with Tyler's behind and pulled back his arm. Tyler struggled to not spit out the soap, but it was disgusting. Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack.  Tyler jerked up from the searing swats and covered his bottom.  "We are going to repeat this until you can start behaving. Now back over and do not move," Klaus ordered rubbing the paddle over Tyler's sore cheeks.  Tyler did and got four more hard whacks to the center of his flaming backside. Crack. Crack. Crack. Crack! He squeezed his eyes shut and didn't move, except for stomping his feet and moaning.His mouth was forming and tears were running down his face. The taste was horrible, but the worst was the burning soreness on his butt. "Okay, you can rinse," Klaus said exhausted by the ordeal.  Tyler spit out the foul soap and rinsed his mouth for a few minutes. Klaus handed him a towel and had him wipe his face. Still carrying the small paddle, he walked Tyler to the bed and sat down. He put the paddle on the side table and pulled him into an embrace, holding him and rocking him as if he were a small child. Tyler was rubbing his bottom fiercely. It broke Klaus' heart to do so, but he decided he should complete the original spanking. He put Tyler back over his knee and give him the whacks he had promised before he soaped his mouth out."Now, think of how it is better to obey me that to lose your temper with each smack," Klaus reminded him.Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! WHACK! WHACK!Tyler was howling and hysterical after the stinging pops came down on top of the others. He would never disobey again, he told himself. "It's over. Let it out. Shh, shh," Klaus comforted him softly. He felt drained and spent.  "Sorry, I..." Tyler sobbed.  "I know. It's over. You're forgiven," Klaus said lifting the back of Tyler's shirt to inspect the damage. The paddle was light and stingy and didn't leave any marks except an overall red surface. Klaus imagined that Tyler would feel this for at least tomorrow. That might not be a bad thing reflecting on his poor behavior during the punishment.  Klaus put the boy in bed under the covers to his side. He figured he would let him sleep here. It would be awkward to have to explain to Matt what happened today. He got in behind him and hugged him, and stroked his hair. This was harder than he thought it would be. Like himself, this boy had a well of anger in him, that could be dangerous.  "We all love you, your mother loves you. You're going to get through this," Klaus whispered, not knowing if the boy was awake to hear.  Tyler fell asleep dreaming that he was in that wolf cave again. He was happy and content with his pack cuddled against him. The pain in his behind dulled to a heat rather than a burn. He felt safe and knew that he was going to be okay. ----
Kol was standing outside the door. He had come to check in with his brother after Rebekah found him. What the bloody hell was going on in there? It sounded like Klaus was beating the devil out of that boy. For a split second, Kol was almost envious. Then, he turned to seek out Nicole. They had much to plan. 
  
    Chapter Text
    For a few weeks, things were as quiet as they could be with three hormonal teenage boys. Matt half-heartedly tried to leave a few times, but there was always another outings, activity, or game to play.  Elijah finally came back from getting Finn settled. It was a long three weeks living with him. Few words were spoken between the two, but at long last, the silence grew into a companionable quiet. They sat for hours fishing on the lake, never seeing another soul. One thing that made Finn happy was a shaggy stray dog he adopted. He named it Sage after mumbling something about a woman he once knew. Finn only drank animal blood and ate the meat he caught and killed. He set up traps and skinned his kills. By the time Elijah left, Finn was sewing his own clothes out of leather. Elijah tried to show him how to use the phone and made it clear that they would visit him again soon. He was fairly sure that Finn would never call and not sure Finn would care if they visited him or not. Elijah's only solace was that their eldest brother was no longer in that box. If they would have tried harder, things could have been different. But wasn't that the way with everything, Elijah mused as he arrived at the gate. There was a large sign which spelled out "White Pine Manse." He smiled thinking that must be Rebekah's influence. She always insisted on naming their houses when they settled down. Sadly, with Mikael so often on their trail, they would have to leave quickly and flee only having to start over again. He pushed those thoughts aside as he heard Jeremy yell, "It's Uncle Elijah!"  "Hi boys, how is everyone doing?" Elijah smiled patting them on the shoulders. Rebekah squealed and jumped into his arms.  "Welcome, brother, once again you have taken one for the family. How is our eldest brother faring?" Klaus' deep voice boomed out. "Well. He seems happy and he even has a dog now. We should go back and visit him in a few weeks," Elijah suggested.'"Sure, he can serve us grilled dog and call us abominations! Sounds delightful!" Kol quipped.  "There's Kol," Elijah smiled, "I missed you little Brother." Elijah clasped his arms and pulled him in for an embrace.  Kol grew serious for a second, "I missed you, too, Elijah." He returned the hug for a moment before pulling back.  Rebekah's eyes misted for a second. She wasn't sure when the last time things seemed this good between them all.  Clapping her hands, she announced, "Come now, Nicole has made boeuf bourguignon." "Boof what?" Tyler asked making a face as Jeremy laughed at him.  "That would be beef stew," Elijah smiled putting his arm around Jeremy. He asked him how his art work was going. "Matt, glad to see you stayed," Elijah said politely.  "Yes, sir, it's been pretty awesome. I think I mostly managed to keep the other two out of trouble, too," Matt replied. Elijah noticed that Matt seemed to keep starting at Rebekah. She smiled back at the blond teen a few times.  "Now, that is impressive," Elijah said, sitting down at the head of the dining room table. Klaus sat on the other end.  He was glad to be home. _________After dinner, Klaus and Elijah retired to the study to have a drink and catch up.  "So were things really as good as they seemed?" Elijah inquired.Klaus laughed, "I have to admit that things were good. Kol has been better behaved than ever. Rebekah seems to be the object of affection of young Matt. Jeremy and Tyler have been lively, but have only broken three major appliances and one toilet, oh, make that two. Nicole got the flu and everyone pitched in to help.  I only had to thrash one of them the whole time you were gone." "Shall I guess? Our lovely sister with the razor sharp tongue? No? Our brother who would argue the sky was green and the grass red just to annoy you? No, really?" Elijah was perplexed.  "Matt," Klaus admitted. "What did that sweet boy do?" Elijah said horrified. "He kept calling me sir and trying to pay me for his room and board. I told him if he did it one more time, he was getting a good hiding. In his defense, I don't think he knew what that was," Klaus laughed.  "Please tell me you are joking," Elijah implored.  "Yes, I gave him a few light swats in jest. It broke the tension and now he feels more like part of the family. Which maybe isn't a great thing because he is completely smitten with Rebekah," Klaus sighed.  "And Kol is really good? That's unlike him. I'm surprised he's not jealous of the attention you are giving the boys," Elijah went on. "He's actually become one of them. Playing video games, sports, he and Rebekah even decided they would attend high school in the fall," Klaus added.  "Really? Now my head is spinning.  Our forever teens, eternally moody. I think it would be good for them. I wonder if half of their behavior issues came from boredom. We were always so distracted keeping them safe physically, that we ignored their other needs, I suppose," Elijah mused.  "I vowed not to make those same mistakes. I have been keeping them all busy, but I have missed your assistance, brother. And your good counsel," Klaus state simply. "Yet something troubles you? Tell me, Niklaus. Don't make me beat it out of you, like when we children," Elijah said downing his drink and refilling both of their cups.  "Salud!" Klaus said, staring deep into his glass.  "Salud! Niklaus, I will not ask you again," Elijah said plainly.  Klaus took a breath and said, "It's Nicole. I think there is someone else. I don't know."  "Why do you say that?" Elijah pressed carefully.  "I can't really say, but things have been different between us," Klaus said drinking again. "Brother, did you not say she had been sick?" Elijah wondered. "Yes, Elijah, but how many witches come down with colds? Do you ever remember Mother sick a single time. With their knowledge of herbs and concoctions, they heal quickly," Klaus said getting up. "You care for this woman?" Elijah said suddenly. Klaus had many lovers, but rarely cared deeply for any one woman.   "Yes, I found her maybe 15-20 years ago in France, when you were trying to lure Mikael to Africa. I saved her from her coven and things went from there. I installed her in one of the properties in Europe, then the Bahamas. I would go to see her from time to time. When I found Jeremy, I took him to that house on the water. Nicole was so helpful that I invited her here," Klaus recalled. "It has been long since I've seen you worried about a woman. Have you talked to her about this?" Elijah offered. "No, I'm been busy with Rebekah and the boys. I just thought Nicole could step up and be a..." Klaus drifted off, feeling silly. "A mother to them? That is a noble thought. I know it may not work out, but I am proud of how you have stepped up for this family. Talk to her, brother, you may be surprised," Elijah said finishing his drink and patting Klaus on the shoulder.  "Maybe I'll see if she wants to go out tonight. Perhaps we'll get a hotel room and take a night off? Would you mind holding down the fort?" Klaus asked. "No problem at all. I'm sure it will be a quiet night," Elijah smiled. ______When Elijah came back into his quarters, his senses picked up on another creature nearby.  "Kol, I know you are there. Come out," Elijah said flatly, taking off his jacket.  "You always catch me, Elijah. So is old Finn settled there for good? I can't say I'm disappointed," Kol said plopping down into a settee near the window. "I believe so. He barely spoke the whole time I was there. He is not the judgmental, bore we remember him to be," Elijah shared taking off his shoes.  "Oh, I remember him tied to Mother's skirts. Always telling on me for my spells and pranks. Every whipping I ever got from Mother was because of him," Kol sneered. "Oh, your pranks and spells had nothing to do with it, hmm? He got me in trouble, too. In truth, we probably deserved it. But even as children, there was something about him that rubbed me the wrong way. Sometimes I used to even wish it was him who..." Elijah stopped and rubbed his temples.  "Died? Instead of Henrik? Me, too, brother. Henrik was one of us, on our side. You know, I was thinking of those tunnels the other day. They probably run under Mystic Falls, don't they?" Kol asked.  "The tunnels where we used to hide from the wolves? I believe so. But it's been hundreds of years. Who knows what is there now? Why do you ask? Kol, you're not up to something are you?" Elijah asked patiently.  Kol paused a moment. For a split second, he wanted to confess everything to Elijah. He always knew what to do. But this time, Kol was in love and wanted revenge. Nicole thought that her coven could hide Klaus in those tunnels to get him to their compound. They didn't know how to get in. But did he really want to betray his own blood like this? Nik had been kind to him this last month. He liked the boys more than he thought he would. He had fun with them. He loved Nicole, or he loved her body and the things she could do. She grew more and more frightened of her coven. Kol needed the white oak dagger spelled with dark magic so it would subdue Nik, then her coven would use him as a source of power. Kol either had to take off to New Orleans to free Mary Alice and Astrid from the cottage or tell Elijah everything now.  Kol nodded and looked at Elijah sadly. Elijah would know what to do. "I didn't mean for it to happen but-" Kol started.  They both heard a tremendous crash.  "What the hell was that?" Kol said jumping up.  "I don't know," Elijah said vamping toward the sound. It was coming from the boys bedroom. They heard Rebekah yell, "Stop!" The scene inside the room was chaos.  The triple bunk bed was flipped over and Matt was on top of Jeremy pounding his fist into his face. Rebekah was helping up Tyler, who had blood running down his face.  "What is the meaning of this?" Elijah demanded. Kol vamped over and pulled Matt off of Jeremy. "Stop, mate. Bloody hell, you're gonna knock him out," Kol yelled at Matt who was breathing heavily and furious.  The room was trashed and broken glass was everywhere.  "Kol, would you take Matt to the kitchen and get him some ice for that hand, please? Rebekah, the medical kit is in the bathroom, if you please," Elijah said calmly assessing the situation. "Jeremy, let's get you up and out of here," Elijah said walking him out of the room.  "Tyler, can you walk?" "Yes, I'm coming, " Tyler said holding a rag to his head where it was bleeding.  Elijah lead them into his quarters and sat Jeremy down on the settee.  "Here, Elijah," Rebekah said giving him the first aid kit.  She turned to Tyler, "What happened? It was like World War 3 in there."  Jeremy and Tyler both started talking at once.  "One at a time," Elijah scolded. Tyler started, "I'm sorry. We were just joking." "About what, young man?" Elijah asked firmly. "I want the truth." Jeremy glanced guiltily at Rebekah.  Elijah went on, "You can tell me now or you can tell me bent over the bed with your trousers down."  Tyler, still holding his head, said, "Uncle Elijah, he just teased Matt about staring at Rebekah. He didn't mean anything."  "Thank you, Tyler. I'll like to hear from Jeremy please," Elijah said pointedly.  "Why is he "uncle" and I'm just Rebekah? That doesn't seem right," Rebekah scoffed.  Jeremy's face colored, "Well, that's what made Matt so mad, I said if he..." "What? Spit it out, Jeremy!" Rebekah yelled. "Rebekah, be a dear and take Tyler to the bathroom to wash that cut out. Then, perhaps you can set that room to rights," Elijah said realizing why Jeremy was hesitating.  "Fine. But I want to hear the whole story later," Rebekah scoffed, leading Jeremy out carefully to the hallway bathroom.  "They're gone. Go on," Elijah said quietly. "I said that it would be like he was 'fucking his aunt' if they did it," Jeremy started crying.   "Oh Jeremy, I don't even know what to say right now," Elijah said truthfully.  Kol came to the door, dragging Matt.  "Where's Nik? Matt keeps trying to punch me and take off. Elijah, I'm not a babysitter," Kol fumed.  "He's out overnight with Nicole. I'm going to deal with this," Elijah said with authority. "Overnight, really?" Kol said in surprise.  "You can go help Rebekah fix up the bedroom or go to bed. Thank you, Kol," Elijah said dismissing him.  "Night. Good luck, blokes. You're gonna need it," Kol smirked, pushing Matt in and shutting the door. Matt had an ice pack and glared at Jeremy.  Elijah got up and put his arms on Matt's biceps gripping him.  "I know you are upset. You have every right to be, but you don't put your hands on Jeremy because he said something you didn't like. You should have walked away and gotten an adult. I think Jeremy has something to say," Elijah said motioning to Jeremy to go on and letting go of Matt.  "Matt, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said anything. We were joking, but it was stupid. Don't be mad. You and Tyler are my best friends now, my...brothers," Jeremy said his voice unsteady with emotion.  Matt's face was stone.  "Matthew, do you accept Jeremy's apology? Do you want to say anything?" Elijah said to the angry boy. "It's not true. I don't want to..." Matt started.  "I know, man. We were joking. Please, don't be mad," Jeremy pleaded. "Matt, we're in enough trouble, you remember what dad said would happen the next time we broke something or were fighting." Matt nodded glumly. "What did he say? Boys, tell me know, if I have to call...Things will go much more poorly for you," Elijah promised.  "He said that we'd get spanked every other night for a week," Matt admitted.  "Well, seeing the state of that room and the ferocity of this fight, I think that will be well-deserved. Jeremy, go down to the kitchen and get the paddleball paddle from the drawer. I want to talk to Matt a minute," Elijah said. Jeremy paled and trudged out of the room.  "Matthew, tell me what's really happening please. Come sit down," Elijah said, sitting and patting the bed.  Matt put his ice bag down and put his hands in his face and started sobbing. Elijah put his arm around him and pulled him close. "I don't like Rebekah like that. I mean, I like her, but she..." Matt cried against Elijah's shoulder. "She what?" he prompted. "She reminds me of my sister Vicky. She died. That's it and they were saying I wanted to, you know. But it's not true. I just miss my sister," Matt said wiping his face with his arm.  Elijah held him until he stopped crying.  "Matt, you will always miss your sister. But I promise you that time will heal some of these wounds. You won't forget it, but it will be better. We're here to help. Okay?" Elijah whispered. His supernatural hearing picked up Jeremy's footsteps.  "Now, I want you to apologize to Jeremy for hitting him. You could have really hurt him. If you want to share the rest, that's up to you," Elijah said, getting up to get a wash cloth.  "Come in, Jeremy," Elijah called. Jeremy stepped sheepishly holding the round wooden paddle that was about to meet his backside. He handed it to Elijah.  "Jeremy, I do accept your apology. I'm sorry that I hit you and trashed the room. We can talk about it more later, okay?" Matt said his face still blotchy and streaked with tears.  Jeremy looked at Elijah and when he nodded, he hugged Matt hard.  Matt had to struggle to keep his composure.  Elijah gave them a moment and then hefted the paddle Jeremy fetched from the kitchen drawer. He would have preferred to thrash them leaning over the bed with his trusty paint stick stashed in his closet.  He moved it from time to time because he knew Rebekah was still searching for it.  "Okay, boys, I think it is time for those spankings you were promised.  Your father is out, so I'll take care of this first one," Elijah said in a business-like manner.  "Do you think we'll really get it every other day, Uncle Elijah?" Jeremy worried.  "Who do you think thought of such a dastardly idea?  I know that you two will be very well-behaved for the foreseeable future. Your sore bottoms will guarantee that. Now Jeremy, since you started this nonsense, you can be...last. You can stand in the that corner and think about what you have coming. Matthew, come," Elijah said indicating the bed.  "Okay. I never really got spanked like this before. I'm not sure what to do," Matt said shyly, his neck flushing.  "It is fine, there is a first time for everything. It will be over soon. Bend over, please. You can leave your shorts on for now," Elijah said.His bed was high and Matt's backside was perfectly positioned. Elijah handed him a throw pillow from the couch to hold onto.  "Now, expect both of you to keep still and not reach back. Every time I have to remind you of that, I'm going to give you an extra swat with my paint stick," Elijah threatened.  "Yes, sir," Matt said quietly, praying he could keep still. He didn't know what a paint stick was, but it sounded bad.  Elijah picked up the paddle and brought it down on the center of Matt's backside hard. Matt was wearing basketball shorts and felt the impact after he heard a dull thud.  Whap. "Brothers fight, that is normal. I am proud of the way you both took responsibility and made up," Elijah said swatting the blond football player harder. The paddle was light enough to provide a sting, but no real damage.  Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack.  Matt hugged the pillow harder as his shorts-covered seat began to heat up.  Swat. Swat. Swat. Crack! Crack! "Okay, I think those pants need to come down. Stand up," Elijah said sternly.  Matt pushed himself up and fought to keep his hands away from his behind.Elijah gripped his shorts and pulled them down to his ankles. Matt regretted not wearing underwear, but figured it wouldn't make much of a difference.  "Over again," Elijah said, sitting down and bracing the boy with his arm. Elijah rested the wooden paddle on Matt's bare backside for a moment before raising it higher and bringing it down with a thwack.  Smack! Matt flinched and started to push himself up.  "That's one extra. Stay down," Elijah warned.  "It hurts," Matt groaned. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Elijah bounced the paddle in a random pattern so Matt couldn't anticipate the next swat.  "The next time you want to hit someone, think of me spanking your behind right now," Elijah lectured. He brought the paddle down with a crack on Matt's sit spots five times each. Matt threw his hands back while trying to stand.  "That's three more with the stick, young man!" Elijah swatted lower on Matt's thighs until he brought his hands back up. "I'm sorry. *smack* I won't *smack* hit anyone *smack* again!" Matt gasped out, gripping the pillow tightly.  Elijah smacked the paddle down five more times on Matt's now red bottom.  "Now, stay there and I'm getting the paint paddle," Elijah cautioned, grabbing it from his hiding spot.  Matt was crying and one hand was again covering his backside. "I guess you want to make that five," Elijah sighed.  He put his hand on Matt's back and brought the heavy stick down across the top of Matt's thighs firmly.  "Ouch...I'm sorry. I am really sorry, Uncle Elijah, no more," Elijah heard the weeping boy moan.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Elijah whacked the stick against Matt's upper thighs and then dropped it. He helped Matt step out of his shorts and led him to the corner. "All done. You're a good boy. Now, you're going to stand in the corner with your hands on your head," Elijah said. "Think about what happens when you misbehave like you did tonight.  I hope that we never have a repeat of this."  Elijah smacked his behind until Matt croaked out, "Yes, Uncle."  Elijah was spent. So much for a quiet night. He sat on the bed and called over Jeremy. He held Jeremy in front of him and said, "I'm very disappointed in what you said to Matt. That was very crude, but you owned up to it. Now, you will pay for it and it will be done with, but I'm going to be a little harder on you. These pants need to come down."Jeremy's face colored as he had nothing on beneath his sleep pants. Elijah didn't seem to notice, but ordered him to step out of them.  "Over my knees," Elijah said moving back so that Jeremy's weight was resting on the bed.  "Why do I have to go over your knee? That's not fair," Jeremy whined. Matt got to bent over, he was expecting the same treatment. "You acted more childishly and I will treat you so. Now hush before I skip your warm up and give you some extras with the stick," Elijah said seriously.  Elijah brought the flat of his hand down hard all over Jeremy's behind.Spank. Spank. Spank. Spank. Spank. Spank.  Jeremy was taken aback by the strong swats and started kicking wildly. Elijah said nothing and just pulled Jeremy in tighter and closer to his body. He spanked him until his backside turned a bright pink and the boy was trying to lift himself up. "I know it smarts, but you are being punished for hurting someone with your words. You are better than that," Elijah lectured smacking his sit spots hard back and forth.  "Arggh," Jeremy wailed.  After a few more cracks with his hand, Elijah picked up the paddle. He rested the cool wood on Jeremy's aching backside for a moment so the boy could catch his breath and settle down. "This is going to hurt, you can kick, but don't try to push up or I guarantee you will be sitting on a pillow for breakfast, young man," Elijah promised swatting down firmly.  Jeremy started crying and begging for the paddling to end. Elijah ignored him and aimed for the center of his backside. Then, he aimed lower to make sure that he was making his point.  Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Jeremy gripped his pillow for dear life. The paddle was stinging his entire backside and upper thighs. He wasn't sure if it was because he hadn't been spanked in a while or Elijah was irritated with him, but the spanking seemed to be lighting his rear on fire in a way he hadn't experienced before.  "Please, Uncle Elijah, don't spank me anymore! *Whack* I'm sorry. I promised," Jeremy sobbed out kicking and trying to rock out of the way. Jeremy then lost control and tried to push up and off Elijah lap. Elijah gripped the kicking boy more tightly around the waist and swatted him harder.  Elijah continued the paddling until Jeremy's backside looked red and sore. He wanted to ask Jeremy how he would felt if someone spoke about his sister than way, but Elijah didn't want to reopen that wound for Matthew.  "It's too hard," Jeremy continue to wail, not realizing that Elijah had stopped and put the paddle down.  "I think I owe you one lick with the stick," Elijah remember, helping Jeremy stand. He was vigorously rubbing his behind.  "Stop that, that's two more!" Elijah cautioned. Jeremy stomped and seemed to scowl at him.  "That's four. Bend over," Elijah said grabbing his upper arm and swatting his thighs four times. They were not hard whacks, but Jeremy howled as if he was branded with a hot iron. "Okay, okay, you are fine," Elijah pulled Jeremy down to his lap and let his sore rear hang between his legs. He rocked him a minute and then called over Matt. Neither boy seemed to remember that their backsides were still bare. Elijah situated Jeremy face down on his stomach and Matt on the other side of the bed. Jeremy was still crying a bit and Matt seemed spent.  "Did your behinds cool down yet? If not, you may rub," he granted with a smile. Both sets of hands flew and started rubbing behind them although it didn't seem to help much. Both backsides looked well-spanked.  "I love you, boys. I know that hurt, but I think you both deserved it. You probably both owe Tyler an apology also. I know he was injured trying to stop you and was quite upset. I expect you two to admit everything to your father when he gets back." Elijah sat on the settee. He figured he would stay with them until they fell asleep and then go sleep in Finn's room. After they were both asleep, Elijah hid the stick in his bathroom cabinet and took the paddleball paddle back to the kitchen.  Kol was sitting at the counter drinking a blood bag. His eyes widened at the sight of the paddle and smiled, "It's nice not to be the one in trouble for once. I could hear them wailing and carrying on from here." Elijah smiled back and said, "Let's keep it that way. My arm is worn out from those two. Now, did you want to talk about something?"  Kol shook his head and watched Elijah put the round wooden implement back in the drawer. He had lost his resolve. Semper Veritas. Truth comes at a price. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "I had a wonderful time, mon cheri," Nicole whispered to Klaus coming back into the mansion.  "Let's do it again soon. You know. You really do not have to work. We can hire a cook," Klaus said opening the door for her. "Mon dieu, master, what would I do all day? You know I would criticize anyone else's cooking. And the boys finally started eating my bouillabaisse," Nicole laughed happily.  "You are the master of my stomach and heart. We would all be bereft without you and your cooking. It is an art. Now, I suppose, I should check on those little rebels. Elijah sounded strained on the phone. I can always tell when he is lying to me," Klaus said looking around the kitchen. He stopped though and pulled Nicole back into his arms for one more kiss.  Kol watched in the kitchen in his pajamas, looking ruffled.  "Long night, brother?" Klaus said breaking away from Nicole. "You could say that, Nik. Your sons beat the shite out of each other and trashed that room again. Rebekah had to flip the bunk beds over.  Yeah, things got a wee bit mad, but I'm sure you can sort it out today," Kol smirked to Klaus. He said hello to Nicole causally and poured himself a cup of coffee.  "Bloody hell, I warned them that I would whale the tar out of them of they fought again. Where's Elijah?" Klaus asked rubbing his temple. "I don't know. I heard a bunch of crying and sobbing so he did some thrashing himself. I like those lads, but seeing that room, they deserved a bit more than a tongue lashing," Kol said walking out to the patio with his coffee.  "Thanks for the advice," Klaus muttered under his breath. He headed upstairs to investigate and put his bag away.  He popped his head in the boys' room only to find Tyler sprawled out and sleeping. Things looked okay, except for the lamp was gone and a chair was in pieces.  Klaus noticed that Elijah's door was open. He poked his head in to see two more sleeping boys in Elijah's bed. They were covered with a light sheet. He peeled it back to see a slight redness on both of their backsides. He fought the temptation to give them both a mighty smack to wake them up. Instead, he gently pulled up the sheet and quietly left the room.  Elijah was walking down the hallway. Klaus closed the door and motioned for Elijah to follow him to his room.  "I knew you were lying to me on the phone," Klaus said quietly. "Niklaus, I did not lie. You asked if things were fine, I said they were. Matthew and Jeremy got into a row. It got physical. I brought them in my room and took care of it. See? Fine," Elijah explained.  "Was Tyler involved?" Klaus wondered.  "From my understanding, he was a bit, but then tried to stop it. I told the boys they would have to tell you exactly what happened," Elijah went on.  "I warned them that I would paddle them for a week the next time they fought. I guess that wasn't a big enough deterrent. Well, thank you for being here. I'm sorry for questioning you. I know they were in good hands," Klaus admitted.  "Yes, and these hands took that very paddle to them and gave them a few whacks with my paint stick after for good measure. It was Matt's first real punishment and he was struggling to stay still and listen," Elijah shared.  "Ah, his first time? That child must have raised himself. I'll let them sleep in and then talk to them. Where did you sleep?" Klaus said confused.  "Finn's room. He must have been sleeping on the floor in there. I should probably drive up and check on him soon. Maybe I'll take Rebekah? It might be too overwhelming to him if we all go," Elijah suggested.  "Sounds good. By the way, it went tres bien with Nicole last night," Klaus grinned. "It must have been my old paranoid self coming through. I almost feel like she might want to get married."  "That's terrific news, Niklaus. You deserve to be happy. I know they are a handful, but seeing you with children makes me feel like you should have more. There are ways now brother, you two could adopt or something of that sort. A baby maybe? " Elijah shared.  "Thank you, brother. That means a lot. You may be getting ahead of yourself though with the babies," Klaus said sincerely. "Dad? You're back?" Tyler said at the doorway rubbing his eyes.   "I'll leave you two to talk," Elijah said excusing himself. "Hello, son. Rough night, eh? Do you want to talk about it now? Are you okay?" Klaus said with concern in his eyes.  "It was awful, but I feel like you should hear it from Jeremy and Matt, you know?" Tyler said not wanting to take sides or get overly involved.  "So you didn't have a part in it?" Klaus asked. "I did a little. I didn't get in trouble last night, but I can't say that I'm totally innocent either," Tyler said looking down. "What do you mean? It's okay, you can tell me. I won't get mad," Klaus said carefully.  Tyler thought, yeah, right, I've heard that before. But it would all come out anyway.  "Jeremy started teasing Matt and at first I joined in. Then, when I could tell Matt was getting really mad, I tried to stop them. It was too late," Tyler admitted.  "Tyler, you cannot control anyone's behavior but your own. It took me many centuries to learn that and I still need reminders. Please don't blame yourself, okay?" Klaus said lifting his chin up to have the boy look at him. Tyler nodded. "Do you think it would help if the three of you had your own space for a while? I know it is fun for you to share a bedroom, but perhaps a little break will help? We can talk about it later," Klaus suggested.  "Okay...And thanks, Dad," Tyler said sincerely.  Klaus smiled and put his hand on Tyler's shoulder. Sometimes it felt good to be able to help. But he still had two more sons to deal with. ----------------Kol was fuming. Nicole went overnight with his brother and seemed to have a great time. He was anxious to talk to her but it was almost impossible during the day.  Klaus had extra sound proofing put in the walls for privacy. However, any of the Originals could hear if they tried, from any of the open areas.  Whispering to her in the kitchen was dangerous, but he had to try. Since her room was the only spelled area that was 100% safe, they had to speak in there. "Nicole, could you show me that lamp you were talking about the other day. Darling, you have such good taste, I'll love to buy one," Kol said pointing in the direction of her bedroom.  "Oui, Mister Kol, just allow me to stir this sauce," Nicole said, not happy to be interrupted when she was cooking. When they were finally in her room with the door shut, he said, "What the bloody hell happened last night?"  "He asked me to go and I said I would. What was I supposed to say? He's my boss and my lover? Did you make any progress on your research?" Nicole said turning the tables on his argument.  Kol frowned, "Not really. Those tunnels are long and run under the entire town. No one really has a map or knows the entrance anymore. When my family lived here a thousand years ago, we would hide in them every full moon. We marked the ceiling of the entrance with a wolf symbol. Someone in Mystic Falls has to know something."  "Tyler was talking about a dream he had about a wolf cave with a similar marking. I wonder if...he said something about his family's old property. It's a stretch but the coven grows impatient, they want the power your brother possesses. For what, I fear I don't know," Nicole sighed.  "I need to get to New Orleans soon. I'm going to press Nik and see if he knows anything about the Fauline cottage and my witch friends.  Without that stake, my brother will rip your whole coven apart without a thought," Kol confided. "Sure, you exaggerate. He's so gentle and sweet with the boys and me. Even with your sister. I supposed he did rip the head off of Elijah's witch, but that was to help protect moi. I just can't see him hurting people," Nicole mused.  "Nicole, my Father razed half of Europe searching for us. My family is dangerous. We cannot die, yet we deal out death with the flick of the wrist. I love you, but I am starting to fear for your safety. This is a dangerous game and Nik doesn't like to lose. None of us do," Kol said solemnly.  "Cher, this is no game. If we don't capture your brother, the coven will still try to use you or your siblings for the sacrifice.  Witches of this type will also kill. The leader Lydia even sacrificed her own family for the dark power...Yet I shudder to think of him used for their evil means. He doesn't deserve that," Nicole trembled. "We better go before we get caught talking. Let me talk to my brother and see what I can find out," Kol said vamping away. Nicole realized that he hadn't even kissed her or touched her that whole conversation. Was she siding with the wrong brother? When the coven anchored her, they also gained the ability to track her. Just like the fly in the spider's web, she was trapped.____________Klaus found Matt and Jeremy talking outside sitting on a trampoline.  He forced himself not to use his supernatural senses to eavesdrop. "Dad!" Jeremy said as Matt gave him a croaked grin.  "Hi lads, let me see the damage," Klaus said checking their faces. Jeremy had a bruise on his check and a black eye.They filled him in quickly on everything, including Jeremy's comment and how Matt had to be dragged off Jeremy. "Sorry, Dad. It was a stupid thing to do," Matt said earnestly.  "Yeah, Uncle Elijah tore us new ones last night.  My ass, I mean, my butt still hurts a little," Jeremy admitted hoping to prove that they didn't need more correction.  "Good. You know we are going to 'talk' about this more tomorrow night, right? Well, my talking will be with the wooden paddle, but I think you will get the point," Klaus chucked. "Dad, it's not funny. That thing stings like a freakin' bees nest," Jeremy whined.  "Would you rather me tan your misbehaving hide with the hairbrush? That can be arranged," Klaus threatened.  "No, sorry. That is 100 times worse," Jeremy explained to Matt.  Matt paused, "Are we going to really get spanked tomorrow and then the next night?" "Well, that is what I promised boys who fight. But how about this? Tomorrow, you are both going to bed with warm backsides either way. But the next spanking could be traded for another punishment," Klaus announced. "And that punishment would be?" Jeremy wondered. Almost anything sounded better than another session of getting his ass beat again. "The three of you will stay in separate bedrooms for the reminder of the summer," Klaus finished. "Talk to Tyler and let me know before the appointed night. I brought it up to him earlier. I think a break may be good, but I don't want to force you." Matt clarified, "So we're getting whupped tomorrow no matter what, but the next one can be cancelled if we split into separate rooms for the entire summer?""Indeed. Remember Finn's room is available now. Oh, here comes Tyler, I'll see you at dinner," Klaus said tousling their hair and patting Tyler on the back. "So you dudes are sitting, that's good," Tyler joked.  "Not comfortably, man. My ass still feels like hot and itchy. Uncle Elijah really has a solid swing," Matt confided. "I know. I wonder if he ever played baseball. Anyway, what did Dad say?" Tyler asked. Jeremy blanched, "It's rough. We're getting our butts blistered tomorrow again, but if we want to skip another spanking...we can, if we split into separate rooms for the rest of the summer." "Whoa! That's harsh. I mean it's not my ass on the line so you guys decide. I have to say that dad was pretty clear about the consequences of fighting. I guess it maybe didn't mean as much to you Matt since you never got paddled, but it was the first thing I thought of when you started wailing on Jeremy's face," Tyler quipped. Matt's hands went unconsciously to his backside to give it a quick rub.  "If I knew then what I know now...believe me, I would have put my hands in my pocket. By the way, we're sorry for kinda dragging you into this. I know your forehead got cut," Matt said.  Jeremy added, "Yeah, Matt and I talked and it won't happen again. I guess I'm a slow learner because nothing is worth getting paddled like that by Uncle Elijah. We even got extra swats with this paint stick thing on the thighs. But I'll take another spanking from Dad if we can all stay together."  Matt nodded, "Me, too. At first I thought it was more embarrassing than anything, but then I thought it was never going to end. The stung did fade pretty fast though after it was done. That surprised  me."Tyler said, "That's not the way it is with the belt or switch, so be glad you're only getting paddled. Even though I got it easy with both, I could feel it later lingering." "Good to know. I mean it's weird to get beat like this, but no one ever really cared what I did before, so it's nice to know that someone cares how we act and turn out. So we're sticking together? Yeah? We can tell Dad our decision at dinner," Matt added. ---------------------------"Hey, little brother, how are you? Didn't want to join Rebekah and Elijah visiting Finn? Come to watch me paint?" Klaus asked, welcoming Kol into his art studio. "Sure, Nik. You know I'd rather do just about anything other than visit that tattletale. Anyway, I like that landscape. It reminds me of Peru. It that a serpent? Doesn't that represent the world of the dead. Nik, are you still trying to break the sun and moon curse?" Kol asked casually. Klaus put his paint brush down. "No, brother, I have put all that aside. I know we are still not completely safe from Mikael, but creating an army of hybrids no longer seems like our best option. You know, everything I have done is to keep us safe. At least that's what I tell myself during the dark hours of the night," Klaus say dully.  "I haven't made it easy for you, mate. If I could go back in time, I would have accepted our limitations sooner, the blood lust. Being cut off from magic has never stopped haunting me, but I could have handled it better," Kol admitted. "We all could have done things better. Is something on your mind, Kol? You can tell me?" Klaus said picking up his brush again and filling in the body of the serpent in the grass.  "I guess since I've been out of the coffin again, I feel...guilt about a lot of things.  You know, how I acted before and people I hurt," Kol admitted, finding this harder to do than he anticipated. "Kol, we all have regrets," Klaus replied, now adding a puma to his painting to represent the living.  "Aye, but I can't stop thinking of Mary Alice Clair and Astrid being trapped in that cottage. It's my fault. I wish I could help them," Kol blurted helplessly "Brother, you know that we cannot get involved in witch business. I tried a few years ago to look into it. The New Orleans covens are now united in using it as a jail for their wayward witches. All nine covens in the area have decreed that once a witch is put there, she is as good as dead. I'm sorry," Klaus said looking at Kol with regret. "Do you have any names of the leaders? Maybe I could try to ask again? Who is the regent now?" "The last I heard it was Josephine LaRue. She rose from the Garden District coven a few years ago. Although she loves music, this particular witch detests vampires. She's a tough one, eyes like ice. You must stay away from her brother. Although a hex from her won't kill us, I suffered for decades from the hunter's curse. I beg you, forget your friends," Klaus said sadly.  "What if I brought Nicole with me to negotiate? Then, they wouldn't know we were involved," Kol suggested. He thought if he could get away with Nicole, they could work out a better plan.  "Madame LaRue is also a seer. She would know. Kol, I must forbid you from going to New Orleans. Do you understand me?" Klaus said standing. "Nik, I hate when you treat me like I'm a kid. I can go where I want," Kol said stomping his foot unconsciously. Klaus grinned a little sitting his brother proclaim he was an adult while pouting like a toddler.  "Kol, that was the last place Mikael found us. He has spies and lookouts all over the city. I met with LaRue outside of the city under heavy cloaking.  I promise you that if you disobey me on this, you will regret it," Klaus warned.  "Fine, dagger me again. I guess that would give you one less 'child' to deal with," Kol fumed. "Oh, if I have to deal with this, it won't be with the dagger. Perhaps it's been far too long since I corrected your rebellious nature, little brother," Klaus said grabbing his arm. "Elijah won't let you! I didn't do anything," Kol whined, covering his backside.  "I hope you don't, Kol, because if you risk your own safety or this family's for your lost friends, you will be sorry," Klaus growled tightening his grip. "Sorry, Nik. I just want to make things right," Kol sniffed. "I know. Come here," Klaus said pulling him into a tight hug. This time he didn't let him go for a long while. ----------------Later than night after the boys told Klaus they wanted to keep sharing a room for the summer, Nicole slipped into Klaus' bedroom.His eyes glowed yellow for a moment as he tore off her silk robe and negligee.  She realized that she did love the hybrid. He may be a beast, but he was also a man. Kol was sweet to her, but nothing but a little boy.  After Klaus ravished her, she turned to him."Cher? I love you so much," she whispered."I know. I love you, too. Marry me," Klaus said he eyes glowing in the darkness of the room."I must talk to you before. You are not going to like it," Nicole said shivering. Klaus got one of his robes and covered her."It's alright. I knew something was going on. It has to do with Kol, yes?" Klaus said putting on pants. "Oui, like I said you are not going to like it," Nicole repeated.Nicole told him the truth about everything."A seer told me that this would happen. I didn't want to believe it. She said that I would be betrayed before I could find peace," Klaus said."Forgive me, I hadn't met you before we hatched this plan," Nicole admitted. "I know. You did the right thing and I have already forgiven you everything. It's that brother of mine who need worry," Kol seethed."You're not going to kill him!" Nicole begged."Cheri, we cannot die. But he may wish he was dead in a few minutes," Klaus said vamping to Kol's room. He found the room empty with nothing except a note saying: Nik,Amicus certus in re incerta cernitur.Forgive me.Always and Forever,Kol Nicole came in behind him, "The Latin? What does it mean?"  "It's Ennius, and means, 'One's friends are known in the hour of need.'" "He went to New Orleans to rescue his friends after I warned him not to. Qui totum vult totum perdit," Klaus said crumpling the paper.  "What does that mean?" Nicole said throwing her hands up. "'He who wants everything loses everything,'" Klaus said going to call Elijah.  
  
    Chapter Text
    Kol arrived at the Garden District at dusk. It was strange to be back, but know almost no one. In the 20 years before he was gone, he was in various cities around the world so he hadn't connected with any witches here since 1912. This must be LaRue's house. He couldn't even step on the property as it must have been spelled against vampires. Kol stood there a minute thinking back to the days when he taught Mary Alice and Astrid Kemiya to make those dark objects. He wondered what happened to them after they were trapped in the cottage.  He had never found witches powerful enough to wield that kind of magic again. Anything that powerful was dangerous and most coven forbade it on pain of death or banishment.  Kol senses picked up a being behind him. By the footsteps, he thought it was vampire. Three of them maybe.  "You shouldn't be here, friend," he heard a voice call out. Kol turned to see a handsome African American vampire approach him. Two female vampires, one caucasian with red hair and an athletic build, and a latino one with a mohawk and leather jacket stood completely still behind him.  "I'll go where I like, friend," Kol replied.  "We have rules in this here city.  Witches have this neighborhood and the agreement is for vamps to stay out," the vamp said glancing around. "My family built this city. I will go where I like," Kol said vamping the man and grabbing the red head by the neck. "I'll tear her head off. Don't move. Tell me what is going on, who is running the city now?" Kol compelled. "Please don't kill her. I don't know what is going on. We can't tell you shit or our asses are on the line," the vamp said nervously. "Are you on vervain?" Kol asked already knowing the answer. "Every day. It burns like hellfire, but those are the rules. I think I now understand why," he answered. The mohawked vampire hissed, "He's an old one. An original, they are the only ones who can compel other vampires." The red head nodded and said, "This is why Marcel makes us take the vervain."  Kol's mouth opened, "Did you say Marcel? Is he your leader?"  "Yes, Marcel Gerard. He's the King of New Orleans."  For the first time in centuries, Kol did not know what to do or say. He finally spat out, "Take me to him." ---------------------------Tyler woke up in a cold sweat panting. "Dude, what's wrong? You look like you saw a ghost?" Jeremy said to Tyler as Tyler wiped the sweat from his face. "I did, in a dream," Tyler admitted. "I think my Uncle Mason is dead."  "Man, it's just a dream. I still dream about my parents. I think it's normal," Jeremy said calmly.  "Jeremy, did your parents ever show you answers to questions you were asking?" "No, dude, that sounds weird," Jeremy replied seeing if Matt was awake and listening to this. He was snoring deeply.  Tyler went on, "A few days ago, Kol came to me asking about that cave I fell asleep in on my family's old property. You know, the one with the wolf carving? I said I didn't know anything about it, which was true. I called my mom and she said that people don't like to talk about it because of slavery or something.  Then, last night, Mason showed me how to get into the cave. He said it would answer all of my questions." "But Ty, your uncle moved back to Florida, right?" Jeremy prompted.  "My mom said he promised he'd call, but he never did. She had the cops done there look for him. Nothing," Tyler announced.  "Well, let's go check it out!" Jeremy suggested lightly. He shook Matt to wake him up. He wouldn't want to miss out on this adventure. -------------------------------------Elijah and Rebekah raced back from Finn's after Klaus called them. He was panicked thinking that the witches would trap his brother in New Orleans as Kol as plotted to happen to Klaus. Klaus was also worried that Kol would lead Mikael back to them. It was true, they had properties all over the world, but the family had settled nicely here. He couldn't imagine ripping the boys from their blood relatives so abruptly.  "Any word?" Elijah questioned as soon as he entered the mansion.  "None, my contacts down there are sparse and unfriendly. I think one of us is going to have to go down there and find him," Klaus admitted.  "Let's take this conversation to the study," Elijah said needing a drink although it was early in the day.  "Rebekah, can you check on the boys please? They have been awfully quiet," Klaus asked following his brother. "Sure, Nik," Rebekah said quietly. She didn't know what to think of all of this. She had liked Nicole and now she was screwing both brothers? Setting one against the other. And Nik had forgiven her?  It must really be love, she mused. After Elijah firmly shut the door of the wood paneled study, he took a deep breath. "Are you sure we can trust Nicole, Niklaus? What if she and her merry band of witches are holding Kol somewhere? How do we know he's in New Orleans?" Elijah said cautiously.  "Remember those mobile phones I distributed? Well, I put software on them to track them. Kol's mobile is in New Orleans. And you won't believe where?" Klaus went on pouring the drinks.  "Where?" Elijah said accepting his drink. "Our family home," Klaus sighed. "I don't know what is going on. But I am concerned. Please, brother, drag Kol back here before he brings this all to an end." "Only if I have the pleasure of tanning his conniving hide first," Elijah said raising his glass.  "Salud!" Klaus responded downing his drink.  "Brothers!" Rebekah called from the door opening it suddenly. "What's wrong?" Klaus asked. "The boys are gone. It looks like their jackets are gone and the flashlights out of the closet," Rebekah breathed out in a huff. "Gone? They didn't say anything?" Klaus said perplexed.  "Nik, check their cell phones," Elijah suggested standing up and pacing.  "Good thinking," he pulled out his device to check their locations,"It says that they are...in their rooms."  "Bloody hell!" Rebekah cursed.  "Bloody hell, indeed." Elijah agreed.  "Elijah, you head to New Orleans to bring back Kol. Rebekah, you stay here in case they come back. I'm going to drive around," Klaus ordered. As Klaus was going to his SUV, Nicole asked, "What's going on?" She had been at the store and was unloading the bags.  "The boys are missing. Do you know where they would go?" Klaus asked eagerly.  "They were talking about that cave again when I left. Something about the Lockwood property, the old land? I'm sorry, that's all I know," Nicole admitted helplessly.  "That's wonderful, Cheri. Thank you. Would you like to come with me? Forget about the groceries," Klaus said. "Oui. Let's go," Nicole said picking up purse back up. ______________________________Kol had to wait several hours for this Marcel to return to the compound. The vampires who found him led him to the courtyard and brought him a human to drink from. A rush of memories came back to him: all the Christmas parties, the celebrations, the arguing, and fun.  They had been happy he once and he messed it up because he couldn't control himself. Guilt washed over him. Kol never used to feel guilty like this. What was happening to him.  Kol figured this Marcel was an imposter, someone posing to be Klaus' son and heir. He had heard how Mikael killed Marcel at the Opera House before burning it down in 1920.  Just when Kol was about to demand to see someone, he heard a voice behind him say, "If it isn't Kol Mikaelson, since when did they unstake you?"Kol turned and was stunned again. It was Marcel.  "Marcellus! We thought you were dead. What? How?" Kol sputtered.  "No, Kol, I was left for dead by your family. They never came back for me. So I took over the city," Marcel said bitterly.  "Marcel, they thought, they think you were dead. They mourn you still. Mikael is still hunting us, through the centuries and continents. Why did you never find us?" Kol confronted.  "How is everyone? Rebekah? Is she still...Rebekah?" Marcel asked dodging the question.  "She's fine. She will be mighty surprised to find out you are alive. So will Nik, so will Elijah. I came to this city to save my friends, but instead I think you might save me," Kol said almost to himself.  "You can't tell them I'm here," Marcel pleaded.  "Well, maybe we can make a deal? Do you know a Josephine LaRue? I need to get out some of my old friends from the Fauline Cottage. Perhaps you can help?" ___________________________"The coven of sacrifice wanted to store your body in those caves to harness your power. They couldn't find the entrance though. There is an ancient spell that negates the power of vampires there. They thought with the dark object dagger and the cave, they could over power you," Nicole admitted.  "The only one who can over power me is Mikael. His thirst for vampire blood, his viking training, and his burning hatred for me do give him a slight advantage over me. That is, unless I'm in my werewolf form, that even he should cower before me. Did Kol really think he could convert that dagger again?" Klaus chuckled.  "I think he was angry at first, Cher.He didn't feel like he deserved to be in that coffin the last 20 years. Then, we couldn't find a way out.  He was feeling guilty and searching for other plans. I think he also started to tell Elijah about what he was up to one night. I never should have gotten involved in this horrific coven. I wanted to uncover Kol's body, but I didn't realize the cost," Nicole uttered. "You could have just asked me," Klaus smiled.  "Look! Up there," Nicole alerted Klaus to the boys' truck.  "They can't be far from here. I should be able to track their scent, then I shall dust their britches for them," Klaus quipped.  "Well, wait until you get them home. I need to whip up some more salve. I feel like it is going to be needed," Nicole admitted.  Klaus led Nicole to the cave opening. They saw the wolf carving and entered.  The tunnels were damp and dark. Klaus had brought several flashlights, but they barely cut through the depth of the tunnels. They walked for several minutes until Klaus heard something. "They are up ahead," he whispered.  In an opening, they found Jeremy, Matt, and Tyler with their hands tied behind their backs. Several witches were guarding them. Two were chanting in a foreign language that even Klaus didn't recognize. He felt a chill. "What is the meaning of this?" Klaus' voice boomed, his eyes flashing yellow. "Oh, there is the hybrid! Shall we quake in fear? You have no power here.  If you want your so-called sons to live, give us what we want," a man in a black hooded cloak cackled.  "I could tear all of you into pieces before you can lift your hand to hex me. But I will give you what you want, to spare the lives of my children," Klaus raged. "Cher, non, please. Don't turn yourself in. Those boys aren't even yours. Kill them all and we can start over," Nicole pleaded.  Tyler heard her betrayal and growled. There was something about this cave that made him feel powerful. His hands were tied, but he pulled against the rough ropes.  "Oh, love, I'm not turning myself in. You see, you betrayed me once and I forgave you, but to want my boys to die... That, I cannot forgive," Klaus said vamping her forward and into the arms of the coven leader.  Tyler lunged and tried to tear out her throat with his teeth. Klaus was faster and able to pull him back. As the boy howled in rage, Klaus knew why Tyler had anger issues. He put that thought aside and grabbed his other two sons.  Nicole fought and screamed but the coven leader put the cursed shackles on her negating her magic and restraining her.  Klaus sneered at Nicole and said, "I really did love you, but no one threatens my family and gets away with it. Let's go boys, you have a lot of explaining to do when we get home."  As they left the caves, they could hear Nicoles screams echoing through the cave. _______"Oh thank goodness, you're all okay!" Rebekah said fawning over her nephews as they got out of their vehicles. Klaus had asked Tyler to join him on the ride home while Matt drove Jeremy in the other truck. When they were alone, Klaus shared that he though Tyler's family was cursed with the werewolf gene. Tyler wasn't surprised as he said Mason Lockwood had told him that through a dream.   "Boys, you're all covered with the filth of that cave. Have something to eat and then I want all of you to bathe. I'm going to be up to have those talks with you soon. I love you," Klaus said, kissing each one on the head and then cracking them on the backsides to get them moving. They all had been kidnapped by evil witches, but Klaus knew that he couldn't let this slide. The outcome could have been far worse.  "Where's Nicole?" Rebekah asked innocently.  "If she is lucky, dead," Klaus admitted.  "What?" Rebekah asked in shock. "The boys took off to investigate the caves prodded in turn by Nicole. The coven was searching for a place to store my body to siphon power from me. I guess Nicole had told the coven to follow and kidnap the boys so I would turn myself in. Then, she would be freed and could take off and fly off into the sunset on her bloody broom," Klaus spat in disgust.  "So she was also going to leave Kol? I'm not sure we will ever know. Any word from him or Elijah?"  Rebekah shook her head in disappointment, "I'm worried, Nik." "Me, too, love. I thought about making a deal with that coven to help protect us, but it would be like making a deal with the devil himself. The evil just radiated off of them. Nicole then tried to tell me to let the boys die and kill off the coven. She betrayed everything she touched. I am ashamed that I thought she could be a mother to my children," Klaus snarled.  "Nik, can I be honest for a minute?" Rebekah whispered.  "Yes, sister, what?" Klaus asked. "I never liked French food," Rebekah admitted as Klaus laughed. Klaus went to get the paddle out the drawer and it was gone. He was tempted to take a wooden spoon, but those reminded him of Nicole. He vamped down to the garage and found something that may work.________"So I guess your ass isn't safe tonight either, Lockwood," Matt mocked snapping his wet towel at Tyler's behind.  "Ouch, fucker!" Tyler snarled. "Do I need to go get a bar of soap, young man?" Klaus threatened stepping into the room.  Tyler was rubbing his butt and scowling at Matt. Jeremy was snickering as his pulled on his pants until he glanced at the paddle in Klaus' hand. He paled and he glanced meaningfully at Matt. Earlier the boys had chucked the paddleball paddle in the recycling bin, hoping Klaus would just use his hand.  Klaus noticed Jeremy's surprise. "Do not worry, we have lots of game sets in the garage with racquet sets. This old paddle is a mite heavier and older than it's replacement, but shall do the trick. You know in times past, we used to have to amuse ourselves with games and cards and...Dare I say it, books."  "Very funny, Dad. Can we get this over with?" Tyler pleaded.  "Of course, Son. Since you are fresh from the shower, you can be first, it will save you from needlessly putting on trousers," Klaus quipped.  Tyler glanced at the other two, Klaus seemed to be in a good mood.  "Ah, Dad, are you okay after all that happened?" Tyler risked asking. "As long as you three and the rest of my family is fine, I am fine. Thank you for asking," Klaus said pulling him near. "Jeremy and Matt, you may stand in the corner," Klaus said.  Klaus put his left foot on the chair rung in front of him and bent Tyler over his thigh. 
Tyler had a white towel wrapped around his waist and no shirt on. Klaus unwrapped it to bare Tyler's behind."Oh, Son, you really should have dried off better. This is going to smart," Klaus said bringing the heavy round paddle down on the center of Tyler's backside. Pop!Tyler bucked and tried to raise up. Klaus pushed him down and tucked him in closer with his arm, pinning Tyler into position. "This is for taking off to explore that cave without permission," Klaus said smacking him again hard more to the left. Crack!"Ouch! Please Dad, this really h-hurts. I c-can't take it," Tyler moaned.Cracked. Klaus swatted his left cheek hard. "I'm sure it stings more on a wet bottom, hmm?" Klaus chided as he popped the paddle down once on each of Tyler's sit spots. Whap! Whap!"No. No! NO! S-Stop. Oh my god," Tyler wailed pushing up with all his strength and stomping his feet. Crack. Crack. Crack! Crack! CRACK! CRACK!Klaus paddled Tyler's behind hard in a random pattern for the last six. Tyler was sobbing loudly and his backside was coloring wildly in some spots. "That spanking was for leaving without permission. This one is for your behavior in the cave," Klaus lectured as he put the paddle down and sat in the chair. He stood Tyler up and Tyler was torn between rubbing his torn up backside and protecting his modesty. Since he hadn't put his shirt on, he was effectively naked. He settled on rubbing. Klaus pulled Tyler between his legs and held his arms to his side to look him in the eye. "I want you to let this sting sink in. I know it hurts, but maybe the pain in your backside will make you think twice the next time you almost murder someone. Do you realize that if you had ripped out Nicole's throat, you would transition every month? That's why they call it a curse," Klaus shook the boy a little as he lectured. Klaus put the white towel over his lap and pulled Tyler over his knee. Tyler was panicking and fighting him. Klaus turned him to the side and swatted his upper thighs twice sharply. "I know it hurts, but if you try to fight me, you're getting another spanking. Now, over my lap," Klaus ordered. Tyler wiped his eyes and reluctantly let himself be dragged over Klaus' knees. Klaus draped his left arm over the boy's back and pulled him in tight."Keep your hands on the chair or on my leg," Klaus said steeling himself to continue the spanking. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!Klaus gave Tyler five firm spanks over his sore bottom. Tyler's legs were pinwheeling and he immediately threw his hands back.Klaus lifted his arm to pin Tyler's hands back.  "I can't! I can't!" he cried as Klaus continued to spank every spot on his rear. "You have no idea what you could have done tonight, young man. You need to start thinking and obeying me, or you will find yourself in this position a lot more often," Klaus promised. He was spanking Tyler a lot harder than he ever had, but he forced himself to think of him triggering his werewolf curse. The boy had to learn to control himself. "I'm sorry. Please, Daddy. I won't do it again. S-Stop," Tyler begged again.After twenty more lighter swats, Tyler finally went limp and wore himself out with his sobbing and kicking.  Klaus sighed and took a deep breath. He gently rubbed Tyler's deeply red backside and patted it until the crying slowed. Trying to protect Tyler's modesty, he wrapped the towel back around him and lifted him into his lap. He rocked him and held him whispering that he loved him and wanted him safe. Klaus wanted to cry himself, but he had two more naughty behinds to deal with. He helped Tyler belly down into his top bunk with the towel forgotten on the floor. He left the sheet peeled down as Tyler did not seem to care about that anymore.  "Jeremy, you're next," Klaus said quietly. Klaus had planned to spank Jeremy and Matt harder for their misbehavior today and the fight yesterday. However, his fear at Tyler's near triggering of his curse caused him to be extra firm.Klaus decided to just spank them a bit longer and not necessarily harder.  He feared that Tyler's backside was already going to bruise from the heavier paddle.Klaus pulled Jeremy over his knee with his pants up. Klaus swatted the seat of Jeremy's pajamas twenty times before asking him, "Did you move the other paddle, young man? Tell me the truth."
Klaus could usually tell if someone was lying if their heartbeat sped up. Jeremy started crying, "Yes, I'm sorry. We thought you might use your hand if you couldn't find the paddle." 
Klaus swatted Jeremy's sit spots back and forth until the boy was kicking and rocking his hips to escape the sting. "I guess Tyler didn't tell you that we have his childhood helping hand paddle, as well the bats from the ping pong table, and this fun racquet from a lawn game?" Klaus inquired bring his hand down lower on Jeremy's thighs. "Ahh, sorry. It was a joke," Jeremy whined kicking and squirming. "Well, the joke is on you, Son, because this paddle really packs a punch. Stand up and let's see how you like getting swatted on your bare bum," Klaus asked patting his cheeks as he stood him up. "Can't I keep them up, Dad?" Jeremy begged. "Do you think it's fair that your brothers get walloped on their bare seats and you get to keep your trousers up? If so, by all means do so," Klaus offered. 
Jeremy sobbed and yanked down his pj bottoms. Klaus looked at his boxers and Jeremy huffed and pulled those down. Klaus had him step out of them. Jeremy's behind was pink and he started to rub it quickly. "No rubbing. I want you to look at me and tell me why I am having to paddle your bare backside again?" Klaus said looking into Jeremy's eyes.Jeremy snarled, "I left without permission and got kidnapped-again, but not by you, someone else." Klaus picked up the paddle and turned him to swat his rear hard. Jeremy wailed and clamped his hands on his backside. "Hands at your side and let's try without the sass," Klaus prompted. "I left the house without permission which was dangerous. I also said something really mean to Matt and didn't stop until he punched me. I'm sorry!" Jeremy yelled with his face flushing. "Okay, now get over my knees. It's time for you to get the paddling I promised to young men who fight their family members," Klaus said flipping him into position. Klaus wasted no time popping the wooden instrument down all over Jeremy's backside. He kicked and tried to get up immediately but Klaus just dragged him in closer and kept swatting. Jeremy barely made it to the twenty swats Klaus was aiming for. He was breathing hard and still fighting."Did you think you deserve some extras for trying to hide the paddle?" Klaus said sternly. "No, please. I can't take it. I really can't, Dad," Jeremy shouted. "You can get five with my belt or a spanking before breakfast tomorrow," Klaus said offering a choice. "Tomorrow, please. Spank me tomorrow," Jeremy begged. "Okay, Son. You're done for tonight," Klaus said lifting him into a hug. Jeremy seemed to pull away, resisting the comfort. Klaus was hurt as none of them had every done that. "Shh, are you angry with me?" Klaus asked quietly.Jeremy shook his head and returned the embrace. He had been because this was by far the hardest spanking he ever got. He didn't know how he was going to face two more punishments over the next time days."I don't want to get spanked two more times," Jeremy admitted. "I know, Jeremy, I don't want to have to be doing the spanking but when I give you my word, I will keep it. I need to do that even when it's hard to do. I love you and that's why I need to teach you how to behave," Klaus said carrying him to the center bunk and putting him down on his stomach.  Matt was still facing the wall. Klaus realized that this was a long time to stand in the corner and his nerves were probably taunt. "Okay, Matt, it's your turn," Klaus said feeling tenderness for the boy. "Uncle Elijah told me that he gave you your first spanking the other night. Is that true?" Klaus asked the boy trembling in front of him. "Yes, sir. My mom swatted me a couple of times, but I had never got a real spanking or really any kind of punishment. She just let us do whatever," he said wondering if that is why his sister ended up on drugs."Matthew, that doesn't mean she didn't love you. I do this to keep you safe and out of danger, but that doesn't mean our way is right for everyone," Klaus tried to comfort him. "Come on, I'm going to warm up the seat of your pants with my hand. Then, I'm going to bare your behind and give you about twenty swats with the paddle. I expect you to cooperate and behave or you must get a few good swats tomorrow before breakfast, too. Over," Klaus demanded.Matt seemed to flinch with the first few swats though they couldn't have stung much through his sweats. Crack! Crack! Crack! Klaus raised his hand a little higher to make the spanks count through the layers of fabric. Whap!Finally, after a minute or two of steady swats, Matt began to moan and start to shift his behind. Klaus spanked him harder until he was kicking his legs and gripping on hard onto the chair rail. He rested his hand on Matt's behind. 
"Matthew, tell me why you are over my knee getting a spanking right now?"Matt's face colored at the words and sight of himself looking like a baby. He hoped that Jeremy and Tyler weren't watching. "I lost my temper and hit Jeremy and smashed up the room," Matt blurted, trying to contain his emotions."And?" Klaus said spanking him firmly when he didn't answer. Crack! Crack! Crack!"I took off and went to look for the cave. You said we had to ask to use he truck and we left," Matt cried, his voice ragged."And?" Klaus said swatting him right in the center of his behind hard. "We hid the paddle! It's in the recycling bin. I'm sorry," Matt said starting to cry softly."Thank you. It's not easy to admit the truth, is it?" Klaus said standing Matt up and yanking down sweats.  His bottom was bare underneath.Matt added, "I figured we didn't need underwear." "True," Klaus said flipping Matt back over. He left Matt's pants at his knees thinking maybe it would prevent him kicking so much. "This is going to hurt. Grip on the chair rails or my leg. You can kick but any reaching back is earning you that spanking tomorrow morning, okay. Ready?" Klaus asked. Matt nodded. Klaus tightened his grip around the boy's waist.  Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank!Matt was kicking and biting his lip to keep from shouting out. Klaus was swatting lightly and flicking his wrist to not spank Matt too hard. "I know this paddle really hurts," Klaus cooed at the writhing boy. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop!Matt was rocking and kicking as much as he could with the sweats bunched around his knees. Crack! Crack! CRack! CRack!Klaus dropped the paddle and gave him the last four spanks with the flat of his palm on his sit spots. Tyler raised up his head and howled."You are going to learn to behave if you have to sleep on your stomach all summer, Matthew! Do you understand?" Klaus asked."Yes, sir!" Matt sobbed out. He rubbed Matt's back and then cradled him gently rocking him as he cried out that he was sorry.  Klaus assured him that he did well as he inspected his crimson behind. Klaus thought he might keep this paddle for other the worst infractions, it really did a number on the boys' behinds.  Klaus put Matt to bed on his stomach. He would have to check to see if there was any more salve. They needed it tonight more than ever. What he didn't need was Nicole, the betrayal. Klaus was worried for Kol, but wondered if maybe he could retire the heavy paddle for the boys and employ it often on his little brother's lying behind. I knew he was hiding something, he always confessed more freely over my knee, Klaus thought. But Klaus had been too busy being in love to focus on Kol. No much of that, he was going to keep that boy on a short leash when he got back...Elijah would find him. He had to.  Klaus said goodnight to the boys and told them he loved them. He was exhausted and needed a drink, or three. At least his boys were safe and sound for tonight. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Klaus didn't sleep well although he was exhausted.  Nicole's screams seemed to echo through his head.  When leader of that awful coven had contacted him, he didn't think she was trying to set him up. It wasn't until she wanted him to sacrifice the boys that he knew she was no better than they. Anyone who would threaten children like Nicole did was worthless to him. How did he not see it before? Perhaps her beauty and grace seduced him, after all he was still a man. The boys would miss the chocolate fondue she set out for Sunday brunches, and the salve. That reminded him that they would need a new housekeeper. He groaned and rolled out of bed.  Rebekah knocked and came in as his was putting on his robe. "Ah, could you knock and then wait, Sister?" Klaus remarked as he put on his slippers.  "Sure, sorry. I just wanted to see if you heard from Elijah or Kol yet," Rebekah asked with anticipation. "No news. I just checked my phone," Klaus said with a worried smile.  "Nik, I'm getting worried. What is going on down there?" Rebekah revealed twisting her blond hair in her fingers.  "Worry not. Elijah is there and he will bring Kol back kicking and screaming if he must," Klaus told her grasping her lightly by the shoulders.  "You two won't be too hard on him will you? Nicole is gone and that should be punishment enough," Rebekah pleaded. "Oh, he's going to get the worst thrashing of his life. I cannot lie about that. From both of us, both we must find him first," Klaus said looking at his watch.  "Oh Nik, he was doing so well. I just don't want him to feel like he's not..." Rebekah started.  "Loved? Sister, I assure you, we'll take good care of him. Do you trust me?" Klaus said. "Yes, Nik. I do. I just worry," Rebekah admitted.  "I know. It seems like so much is at stake. We've lost people before, but not without a fight. We won't lose anyone. I'll see to that," Klaus promised. Klaus thought of how they lost Marcel. He would never forgive himself for that. He never could go to the opera again.  "Okay. Oh, I made pancakes if anyone is hungry. Not bloody crepes like you-know-who made," Rebekah snarked.  "Thank you. I'll go see if anyone is up," Klaus said patting her arm gently.  Klaus  made a stop in the study before he walked into his sons' room which was wide open. They must have sleep through the night because Tyler was unclothed and the other two were sporting pink backsides. He'd have to make sure they were properly clothed, especially with his little sister around. Klaus went over and noticed a few redder areas, but no bruises. He frowned. He had promised Jeremy a spanking this morning before breakfast. Klaus wasn't sure he had the heart to do it.  "Boys, wake up.  I'm going to need your help today.  Get dressed," Klaus said clapping his hands briskly.  "Oh, my ass," Tyler groaned. "I'm going to let that one slide, young man," Klaus said as they all stirred. "Sorry, but can we sit on pillows today?" Tyler asked grinning and rubbing his backside."Sure, Jeremy. Get dressed. We need to have a talk in the game room," Klaus said ruffling Matt's hair. "And I think we're going to hit the mall today and get you all some new clothes and underwear.  This 'going commando' isn't proper. I won't have my sons going out without the proper attire on," Klaus lectured. "What? Are you going to make us wear tighty whities like they did in the olden days?" Matt joked. "You know, that is not a bad idea. We'll get you proper underwear and some white undershirts. Perhaps Elijah can take you all to his tailor when he returns? However, be glad you don't have to wear garters with your socks, or suspenders all the time," Klaus recalled. "Didn't you have belts and regular socks in the olden day?" Jeremy piped up coming out of the bathroom."Regular belts, like you have today, didn't exist until the 20s for more formal clothing. If you wanted to keep your trousers up, you had to wear suspenders. Now much before that, men wore sword belts. I actually had one covered in jewels. It was a gift from a king, if I recall correctly. And elastic socks? I can't really pinpoint when those became popular. Now come, Jeremy. Matt, Tyler, go to breakfast. Rebekah made you pancakes," Klaus said pulling Jeremy along. As they walked out, Matt said, "Don't hockey players wear socks like that? With the garters, I think that is what Max Hollard told me."
"I don't know, man. Come on, I'm hungry," Tyler prompted, pulling him down the steps. Klaus indicted that Jeremy go in first to the game room."Let's sit here," Klaus said indicating a small leather couch."Ugh, sitting is the last thing I want to do," Jeremy groaned. "Consider it part of your punishment then. Now, I want to know what's going on with you. You said a terrible thing to Matt, took off to that cave without telling anyone-almost getting yourselves killed, and then hide the paddle and put it in the recycling? Jeremy, I expect more from you. Now talk," Klaus said firmly.Jeremy blew out his breath quickly, "I guess I'm trying to go along with the other guys. I mean, I'm younger and I wasn't really friends with them before so I'm trying to make them think that I can hang and I'm not afraid of getting in trouble. Matt was my sister's boyfriend and sees me as a kid. A baby. Tyler tried to kick my butt before and almost succeeded. He's nice now, it's just...I don't know how to say it...""Jeremy, you can tell me," Klaus prompted gently."I guess sometimes I get a little jealous because in the Bahamas and at first it was just us, now you know, you're busy. I'm happy Tyler and Matt are here, but sometimes I liked being the only child," Jeremy said ashamed."Hey, Son, you have nothing to be ashamed about.  I promise you that we will spend some time together just you and me, painting or fishing, when things settle down. But I want you to stand up for yourself and do what you know is right, not go along with the crowd. That's not you, okay?" Klaus said carefully. "Okay. Sorry about hiding the paddle. That was childish. The new one was a lot worse, so you got us there," Jeremy smiled wryly rubbing his backside a little. "Now, we have a little business to take care of. Bend over the desk here and then you can go eat," Klaus said quietly.Jeremy opened his mouth to complain and then shut it. He could tell this was hard for Klaus.Jeremy bent over putting his hands on the desk. "No, grip the edge. Yes, that's better," Klaus directed, pulling a ruler from his robe pocket and holding down Jeremy with his left hand. "You're getting ten with the ruler. I'll be quick," Klaus said lining the ruler up with Jeremy's sit spots.Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!Klaus was cracking the ruler down lower as to not overlap with Jeremy's already sore backside. Jeremy was wearing nylon basketball shorts and the ruler didn't make much of an impact.Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!"That's it. See not so bad," Klaus said slipping the ruler back in his robe. Jeremy was relieved. If he hadn't been spanked so thoroughly last night he would have barely felt that. He wondered what the hell else Klaus had in that pocket. The man was prepared for any battle at any time. "Give your old dad here a hug," Klaus said pulling the boy to him. "Next time, I want you to talk to me, okay? No matter what."
"I will," Jeremy promised. Klaus sent him off with a smack. "Owww. Now that hurt!" Jeremy laughed, rubbing out the sting with one hand. Klaus' phone rang. Klaus told Jeremy to go on to breakfast and answer the call. "Elijah, is all well?" Klaus asked anxiously."Niklaus, you won't believe what I have to tell you," Elijah said on the other end of the phone.----------------------12 hours earlier"So tell me more about the Fauline cottage situation. I mean, I remember Astrid and Mary Alice," Marcel laughed, "I'm sorry, man, but I remember you got one hell of a lickin' because of that girl." 
"I wouldn't laugh too hard, mate, cause I remember you running away from a switching for watching me get it with Mary Alice. Then, getting it almost as bad, didn't we have to go get you at Astrids'?' Kol challenged. "Oh yeah, I guess I did block out that part," Marcel admitted."So basically, I'm trying to get the girls out of that prison," Kol shared. 
"Why?" Marcel said taking a bottle and pouring them both another shot. "Because it's my fault, and yours, that they are in there," Kol hissed. "Kol, I know you. What is really going on?" Marcel implored him. Slightly drunk and tired from a day and night of partying, Kol told Marcel the whole story."Boy, you a dumb ass. Klaus is going clean your clock.  I bet your little witch girlfriend is either dead or betrayed you to Klaus. Think man, what girl would pick you over 'the hybrid.' He's one of a kind and the strongest creature on earth. He's smarter than all of us, all. I mean it. Come on, think," Marcel said leaning forward to try to convince Kol to forget his plan. Kol get up and snarled, "Nicole would never betray me." "Yet she already had, Brother. It's over. Klaus knows all and sent me to fetch you," Elijah said patiently. "Elijah, long time, no see," Marcel said flippantly, standing. "Marcel? it can't be. How is this possible? What is going on?" Elijah said in shock."Y'all left me to die. Then, y'all just never came back. Once I recovered I ended up running things after the fire. You people aren't easy to find. What was I supposed to do, send out word that I was alive so Mikael could use me as a lure. I created a safe haven here for vampires. I am getting the wolves under control and putting the witches in their place. It's a full time job. How is my friend Klaus?""Your 'friend' is just fine. However, your father has been heartbroken.  We never stopped mourning you, Marcellus. I feel as if I'm seeing a ghost before me," Elijah said stepping forward looking the boy he once taught Shakespeare to up and down. "I guess I always assumed you would come back for me, but you never did," Marcel said in a whisper."Ah, isn't this sweet. Say, Elijah, you were never this happy to see me when I came out of the box.  Guess Nik will be happy that you found his 'real' son and you can forget you found me," Kol offered downing another shot. "Do not be petulant, Brother. You will be coming with me one way or another," Elijah patted his coat pocket where he had the magical dagger they pulled out of Rebekah. The other two were still missing and with Nicole gone, they may never find them. "Well, Marcel, it's been grand. Perhaps we can catch a show later? I remember how you always liked Hamlet," Kol smirked referring to the grotesque performance he set up for Marcel when he was a boy with living actors he compelled to really slaughter each other."No, Kol. I'll pass. I have a city to run here. You go off and play. Give Klaus, and Rebekah my regards. Of course, this was your house. Y'all are welcomed at any time," Marcel said unable to hide his pain on saying Rebekah's name. “'When sorrows come, they come not single spies, but in battalions',” Elijah quipped."What do you mean by that?" Marcel asked with caution. He glanced back at the balcony and around the courtyard to see if his guys were still alert. He knew if he wanted to Elijah and Kol could slaughter them all and there wasn't a damn thing any of them could do to stop it."It means that you are coming back to Virginia with us. You have 12 hours to pack and get your affairs in order. Put someone you trust in charge. It seems like you have things well in hand here. Did I make my self clear?" Elijah asked politely, raising his eyebrows."Yeah," Marcel said pouting."Try again," Elijah prompted."Yes, Uncle Elijah, I'll be ready," Marcel spat out, embarrassed at being called on the carpet in front of his subordinates. "I'll look forward to it," Elijah said. "Twelve hours."Kol was still slumped over one of the tables in the courtyard. So Nik knew about his treachery? And Nicole, he wasn't surprised really. He guessed now Mary Alice and Astrid were doomed to be trapped in that cottage for eternity. "Kol, come, we have much to discuss," Elijah said to his younger, drunker brother. "Thanks for the drink, Marcel," Kol said taking the entire bottle and following his brother.--------------------Elijah took Kol back to the Plantation house. He had owned it on paper since Marcel's biological father and master, the governor of New Orleans at the time, had died. Elijah managed to fill Kol in on the Nicole situation that best that he could in the car ride over. "How angry is Nik?" Kol choked out."He's more worried about you. He took care of the Nicole situation. I know you both were fooled by her. She was a beautiful witch and quite frankly, I will miss her Toulouse Cassoulet, which was superb. My head is still spinning that Marcel was here the whole time. He is stronger than I thought to have survived Mikael and that fire. Brother, I know you feel like you missed much while you were daggered, but this is something that I hope you never have to experience..." Elijah drifted off as they arrived at the mansion."Yeah, I guess with Marcel back, I don't have to worry about what Klaus will do to me. I'll be invisible again," Kol went on, trying to hide his tears."Brother, I grow weary of this jealously already. Now, go in and take a shower. I'm going to give you a few hours to sober up and then I'm going to have a word with you myself. And I don't want to hear a word complaining about it. You know you have it coming, young man," Elijah saw sternly, giving out of the sedan. Kol glumly got out and went into the house dragging his feet. Elijah wondered if he shouldn't go cut a switch from one of these old trees to use on Kol. He knew how jealous Kol always was of Marcel. At times, he even agreed that Marcel was treated more like family than Kol. It pained him to think that, but they could change that now for the future. Elijah wandered around, thinking of the soiree they attended here in the 1820s. Rebekah had fallen in love with the governor's son and then Klaus murdered him at the party. Threw him right over the bannister to his death. Emil, was it?T hat wasn't the governor's only son, though, just the only one he claimed. The other son was Marcel, a son he never bothered to name. ..The orchards here still produced loads of apples.   Elijah called Klaus from outside and told him the news. Marcellus, the boy Klaus took from slavery and adopted, was coming home.
  
    Chapter Text
    Kol stomped up to his old room and looked around in surprise. The room looked the same, he supposed, but it had been many years since he had been in this house. How many? He couldn't say. 100? After they built The Abattoir, as Rebekah named it, and moved into the compound, there was no need for them to come back here. Yet like every house they had, Elijah and Klaus kept them staffed with at least a skeleton crew of staff to maintain and keep them ready in case the family needed them. Kol took a shower as there were soap, toothbrushes, and towels available. Yet he felt exhausted and drained after, only wrapped in a towel, he trudged over to the bed and go in. He assumed there were some type of clothes in the drawers, but he didn't care. Kol closed his eyes and tried not to think of Nicole and what awaited him. Elijah also took a shower and drink from one of the housekeepers, whom he then compelled to forget about it. He frowned on doing that, but the shock of seeing Marcellus and still having to deal with Kol required fortification.  He had cut and prepared two switches and then went in Rebekah's old room looking for a study hairbrush. There was an oval Mason Pearson, but after digging through some old paste jewelry in the art deco style, he found a square paddle brush that he preferred. It was wider and not as dense as the oval one he had first found. Just as he was about to shut the drawer, he saw a bundle of papers tied with a faded rose colored ribbon. Against his better judgment, he slipped out a crumbling page and opened it. It was Marcel's hand. Elijah knew this as he taught him to write. It started out, "My dearest love,.." The letter still smelled vaguely of roses. He folded it carefully, but the thin paper almost crumbled in his hands. Did Rebekah come back her to stash relics of her "secret" affair with Marcel? He and Klaus knew and Klaus finally gave his blessing, right before they had to fled. He put the letters back and shut the drawer. A part of him considered giving them to Rebekah, but was this love affair doomed? Maybe it was best to keep some of the past in the past. Elijah picked up the chosen hairbrush and his switches and went to complete his next task, albeit an unpleasant one. Elijah knocked on the door, but there was so answer.  He stepped in and shut and locked the door. Kol was in the double feather bed on his stomach. Elijah walked over and sat on the nearby chair by the bed."I know you're not sleeping, Kol," Elijah said softly.  "I tried, but every time I close my eyes I think of Nicole. I never wanted to help them use Nik as a power source, I just didn't know what else to do," Kol admitted."You tried to tell me, didn't you? The night that-, Elijah started."The night those ruffians fought and caused a ruckus. I wanted to tell you. I knew you could help, but then that happened. I thought I owed her for undaggering me," Kol blurted."I wish you would have told me. You know things like this make it hard for Niklaus to trust people, especially you. You are going to have to make it up to him. That means telling the truth, even when you don't want to," Elijah scolded."Then, I get in trouble. But I guess, if I don't get punished, I punish myself. If I do, I feel like a child," Kol whined. "The solution is to behave yourself. It's been a good long while since someone has taken me in hand. I assure you that I'll sometimes would find it easier to get a hiding that deal with guilt, regret, and pain. You died a boy, though. There is a part of you that will always be a boy, no matter how much you hate it. Finn, Niklaus, and I were adults when we were turned. It's different for us. Let us bear the burden and help you deal with yours," Elijah begged.

"What are you going to do?" Kol asked with wide eyes. 


 "Kol, you know well enough what I am going to do. Enough talk now," Elijah said flipping the covers off of Kol. "Elijahhhh," Kol simpered."Hush now. I am not going to go easy on you, then you can sleep a while before we leave," Elijah said standing.  "Hold you pillow and don't reach back. Do you understand?""Yes, Brother, I'm not stupid. I understand," Kol sassed.Elijah leaned over and flipped up the towel to bare his brother's backside and cracked his hand down hard on each cheek. Crack!Crack!"Watch your tone, young man. It's been a while since you got a spanking, so maybe you are out of practice. I assure you, I am not," Elijah quipped."Oww,*swat* Elijah, *swat*not so hard *smack*," Kol moaned, trying to raise himself up. Elijah pressed his left hand into Kol's upper back as he brought his right hand down hard on Kol's behind. He swatted the center of his right cheek and then his left cheek for a few minutes until Kol started trying to kick.Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack. Elijah then spanked in a random pattern for a few minutes firmly until there was an even pink color all over Kol's formerly pale backside. Kol was groaning and trying to shift as much as he could.  The slight dampness from his recent shower caused the smacks to feel even more sharp. "Dammit it, it hurts," Kol groaned, frustrated that he couldn't move his backside away from the steady swats. Elijah's hand was hard and the burning was increasing to a searing fire. "Good, that's the point. This is just the warm-up, so prepare yourself," Elijah warned continuing to spank all over.  "Nooo, come on, Elijah. I'm sorry. Nik's gonna s-spank me when we get h-home, isn't he? You don't have to do this," Kol wailed."Yes, he most certainly is. I wouldn't be surprised if he gave you a good paddling as soon as you step in the door. It wouldn't be unwarranted, would it?," Elijah asked, stopping a minute.  Elijah gave Kol a fierce crack in the center of his behind when he didn't answer."Arghhh, no. I deserve it," he yelled, trying to thrash around to alleviate the sting.  "Good. Now, you're going over my knee for a session with Rebekah's old hairbrush," Elijah said lifting him to grab the towel. Elijah sat down and draped the towel over his lap and pulled Kol over with his supernatural strength. "No! Please, Elijah," Kol begged."Hurry now, we don't have all day," Elijah saw arranging him so his legs were resting on the bed, but his hands reached the floor.Kol's face flamed as he realized that he would be staring at the hardwood floor for the next unpleasant minutes. Elijah pulled out the hairbrush from his suit and rubbed it on Kol's burning seat.  He patted it down a few second, giving Kol the chance to breath. "You know I'm doing this because I love you.  I don't like to cause you pain, Brother. It hurts me, too. But what really hurts is that you didn't trust me to come forward and tell me everything. I want you to think of that with every smack," Elijah said bringing the brush down crispy. Unlike a human, Kol was healing fast during the spanking. Elijah could paddle him far harder and longer than any human, but cause no damage.Swat! Swat! Swat! Swat!He gave Kol two hard whacks on each sit spot and then lessened the blows. Spank. Spank. Spank. Spank. Spank. "Owww. Ouch. God. Stop. Sorry! I'm sorry," Kol was now crying aloud and kicking his feet up and down as Elijah turned his bottom a bright red. Elijah continued to spank the thrashing boy for two or three more minutes. Each time the squirming threatened to push him off his lap, Elijah simply tightened his grip and pulled Kol in tighter. "Are you learning a lesson here, Kol?" Elijah asked sternly still paddling him steadily with the hard, square implement. "Yeahhh. Yes. I mean, I did. Please...help," Kol wailed. He was unable to bring his hands back because he was supporting his weight. Yet he pounded on the floor with his fists as he kicked his feet up and down on the bed. Elijah almost smiled to see how the hairbrush could turn a 900 year vampire into a chastened little boy."I am helping you learn to behave better, mister. And believe you me, if you act up around Marcel and start up on the plane, I will paddle you on the spot with this hairbrush. At home, I will take you to your room and blister your behind. You can then spend the day in the corner or sitting on a stool writing lines. No more jealously, no more lies, no more sass," Elijah said lightening his swats but covering Kol's thighs and any untouched area.When Kol finally quit struggling, Elijah paused. "Anything you want to say?" "I'm sorry. I won't be jealous or act up. Please, Elijah, stop," Kol sobbed. "You still have a switching coming, young man. Get up," Elijah said ready to complete the punishment. "No, no, please," Kol got up grabbing his throbbing backside and rubbing it. He was practically hopping up and down. "Over the bed, please," Elijah said pushing him over. "Oh god, I can't," Kol continued to wail."Hush, I mean it. You earned every bit of this whipping. Behave or I will spank you again right before we get on the plane," Elijah threatened picking up the switch. Holding Kol down with his left arm, he brought the stick down on Kol's calves with a swish. He wasn't swinging hard but the boy still hissed in pain. Elijah switched up Kol's legs until he reached his sit spots. He applied a few lashes, which caused Kol to howl and almost get out of position. The switch left red weals."Are you ever going to run away again?" Elijah asked putting down the switch. "Owww, no, please," Kol moaned. "If you do, this is a tenth of the spanking you'll receive. Almost done," Elijah swatted Kol's fiery backside ten more times as the boy cried. "Done," Elijah said, rubbing his back. He broke the switches in half and threw them in the fire place. Kol's backside looked swollen and bruised even with his supernatural healing.  Elijah sat on the bed and pulled him into his arms, rocking him as the boy tried to rub out the sting. Kol finally stopped crying and the sting lessened a little, but a fierce heat remained. Elijah muttered, "You're going to be okay. We love you, always and forever. No more lies, okay?"Kol nodded, almost asleep. "Feed," Elijah bit into his wrist and offered his blood to his brother. This would help him heal and fall asleep. They still had a few hours before they had to leave. Kol drank deeply and fell asleep as Elijah wiped his face with his linen hankie. He was forever young. Elijah also drifted off while holding his brother and dreamed of the good things yet to come. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Klaus had been on pins and needles since he heard the news that Marcel was alive from Elijah. He didn't tell Rebekah in case something fell through. A part of him also didn't really believe it. He saw that stage at the Opera House, the fire that terrible night, their last night in New Orleans together. His mind raced with how this could have happened. How did Marcel even survive? How did they not know? No matter, now. He had things to do. Elijah usually enjoyed hiring staff and other banal house matters, but Klaus contacted a service. The house was a mess. They promised to send a house keeper and groundsmen over in the next few days. Klaus asked for a couple that could live in the cottage on the edge of the property. He couldn't keep up with the housework and the number of things that the boys seemed to break or destroy.  The security system wasn't working correctly and Klaus just didn't have time to deal with it. He supposed there was no better security system that four Original vampires.  Klaus asked Rebekah to keep an eye on the boys who were hanging around the house creating a mess and playing video games. Music was blasting and they eating junk that he didn't even know the names of. What the bloody hell were Hot Cheetos, were there Cold Cheetos. Klaus did not want to know. He was going to have to get them a tutor soon, they were rotting their brains like this. Klaus had promised Elijah that he would check in on Finn and bring him some supplies. When Klaus pulled his black SUV in the lake house property, it looked deserted. He got out of the truck and used his key to get into the house after no one responded to his knocking.  "Finn? Are you there?" he called out. He listened and heard only small animals and birds outside. The inside looked fine, nothing was out of place. Clearly, Finn was trapping his own meat and salting fish in the kitchen. His hunting weapons were all stored in a back bedroom. There was a dog bowl for water, but no dog. From the smell of it, a dog hadn't been in here for several days. In the back, Klaus found a cook fire and other tools that Finn was using for various pursuits.  Klaus assumed Finn was off camping, and then he heard the starlings' song. He froze. It was the exact song that his mother said her mother taught her to teach the birds in the forest. The starlings would then hear it, mimic it, and the song would spread. He glanced at the trees and the birds all flew away at once.  Without a doubt, Klaus knew that Ester had been here. And now Finn was gone. He called Rebekah to have her check their mother's coffin. As he suspected, it was empty. ---------------------------------Elijah was getting irritated with Marcel and Kol already. There were on a private charted jet flying back to Mystic Falls. Marcel was resigned to the fact that he was going with Elijah and hadn't put up a fight. His right hand man, Thierry, was going to take over while Marcel was gone. "No, it's not. That's the dumbest thing I ever heard, mate," Kol was saying to Marcel, trying to flick little balls of paper at him."You're stupid, 'mate', I guess you don't know much when you spend half your life in a little box!" Marcel retorted.Kol took his knife from his dinner and threw it at Marcel's face. Marcel easily caught the knife with his vampire reflexes and stood up angrily. "Boys! That is enough. We're almost there already. And Kol, didn't I warn you to behave?" Elijah patted his jacket with the hairbrush in it. He didn't want to threaten to spank him in front of Marcel, but he was losing his patience. "Sorry, I'm not used to being talked to like this anymore," Marcel said with a touch of attitude."Well, guess used to it," Kol smirked. His backside was still tender. The blood and his natural healing allowed him to sit, but the remaining sting reminded him to not push it. "Sorry, Elijah," Kol said petulantly.Elijah cleared his throat and indicted Marcel, who was now looking out the window."I'm sorry, 'Marcellus'," Kol said. He know Marcel hated being called his full name. "I go by Marcel now," Marcel said proudly. "Yes, well, I suppose a lot of things have changed. Niklaus has built a large house for us all to reside in. I think you will find it quite comfortable during your stay, however long that might be," Elijah started."Aye, you can stay in Finn's old room. He went mad and had to be put out to pasture," Kol added."Kol, that's not what happened. But he is correct that his room is free," Elijah said evenly."Finn? You mean the one brother I never met. Papa, I mean Klaus, alway told me that he was too dull to undagger. What happened?" Marcel said interested. Things really did change."Oh, maybe your 'papa' can fill you in on that one, it's a good one. I'm going to sleep. Wake me up when we're there," Kol said grabbing his pillow and going to stretch out. "Don't mind him, Marcel. It's been a rough few days for him. We are all very pleased that you are back, even if it is for a short time," Elijah said again mentioning a short trip."Yeah, a short trip, huh? He's never going to let me go again, is he?" Marcel said looking out the window. "Klaus, I mean."Elijah took a deep breath. "I honestly don't know. Your father,-Klaus, has changed, you might be surprised," he replied, straightening his tie. ---------------------Klaus investigated the tomb and tried to see if he could catch the scent of anything or anyone that may have been in there. The jewels and gold in the chests were untouched. He really had to get that moved. There was nothing to give him a clue as to what may have happened. Unlike his siblings, Mother had not been merely staked, she was dead and lay unconsecrated.  Klaus' supernatural hearing picked up on a car pulling in. He vamped back to the house and was irked to see the kitchen was in disarray again. "Boys, come down here please," Klaus called. "They went to the Grill. I told them it was alright. You don't mind, do you?" Rebekah called from the living room."No, of course not. I think Elijah and Kol are home," Klaus said nervously, pouring himself a mug of blood. "Nik, promise me you will hear him out before...""We're home," Elijah called out. "Finn, would you take the bags in, please?""Sure, I guess I'm the blimmin' footman now," Kol muttered under his breath, setting down his bag and going to get the rest out of the car."It is you," Klaus cried, slamming his mug down on the counter where blood splashed out on the tile. "Hey, I thought..."Marcel started as Klaus vamped to him and hugged him."Marcellus, I thought we lost you forever. Let me look at you," Klaus said holding him at arm's length. Klaus became overwhelmed and couldn't speak for a moment."What? Who?" Rebekah sputtered helplessly coming into the kitchen."Rebekah," Marcel said breaking away from Klaus."I can't believe it. How did you...? Where were you? When we left you were dead!" Rebekah cried, finally hugging him. Marcel laughed flashing his white teeth as he returned the hug, "Well, I was already dead but you can see I'm still as dead as I was then. I've been waiting for y'all to return for me for a long time." As Kol brought in the last of the bags, Klaus noticed him. "Nik..." Kol started.Klaus grabbed him and said, "I'm glad you're safe, Brother. Are you alright?""Aye, I'm sorry about...I should have told you, but-" Kol admitted. "How about we talk after Marcel is settled? I swear, I'm not angry anymore. Marcel is home and this is a happy night," Klaus said kissing his head and hugging him again."I'll put Marcel's things in Finn's room?" Kol asked relieved that Nik didn't slam him through the wall or bite him. That was a good sign."Indeed. Marcel let me look at you again. Can I get you a drink? Something to eat? I'm afraid our maid, well, left and we've been a bit understaffed," Klaus explained, pouring everyone a drink. "Thanks. This is quite a house. Did you design this yourself?" Marcel asked looking around. "I wish. No, I used an architect and he put in some special features for me. I'm happy to hear that you have been ruling our fair city of New Orleans. How's it going? Human faction still a bunch of greedy pirates? Wolves wild and mean? Witches still hexing and hawing about how they aren't respected enough?""Pretty much. We do have a few good ones in the human faction now, even a priest. I got my guys giving the witches in the cauldron a little heat for breaking some of my rules. And don't get me started on the wolves," Marcel smiled charmingly."Well, Marcellus, perhaps a vacation from it all will do you good. I must say, I never saw this day coming. To Marcel," Elijah said holding up a glass of blood.The others drank to the newly found son.Rebekah, why don't you give Marcel the tour?" Klaus said looking at Elijah. After they left, Klaus gripped Elijah's arm, "I'm stunned. It's really him. How did this happen, Brother?""I don't know. I think he's hurt that we didn't come back for him," Elijah explained in a low voice. "We thought he was...dead, well dead for real," Klaus said."I know. If only we could go back in time, but we can't. How was Finn holding up?""He's gone," Klaus said."Nik, what do you mean?" Elijah said alarmed. "The house was abandoned, the dog gone, and I heard starlings. It reminded me of that song Mother trained the starlings near the forest in the village to sing. It made me suspicious and I called Rebekah to check on Mother's coffin. I hate to tell you this, Brother, but Mother's corpse is gone," Klaus said in a low voice. "Let's not alarm anyone. Does anyone else know?" Elijah said."Just Rebekah. We'll have to deal with this later. Track down Finn. We never should have let him go," Klaus said."We'll sort this out. Say, Niklaus, I was pretty hard on Kol already," Elijah confessed."I was thinking of just giving him a pass. Everything turned out okay and if he never fled, he wouldn't have found Marcel," Klaus said happily. "I'm not sure that is wise. I think he is a little unsure of his place in the family. I'm not saying flog him with a cat a nine tails, but I think ignoring this latest offense might-"Elijah began."Make him feel like I don't care enough to-" Klaus started."Discipline him. Oh, and we brought you beignets back from a French Market coffee stand. "Hey Dad! Uncle Elijah, how was your trip?" Jeremy said coming in ahead of Matt and Tyler. "It went well. Thank you for asking. I hope you boys had a good time while I was gone," Elijah responded. "We may have met a few ladies, well, Jeremy and I did!" Tyler joked as Matt pushed him to the side. "Boys, we have a guest," Elijah started as Rebekah and Marcel came in,"this is Marcel Gerald.""My first son," Klaus said putting his hand on Marcel's shoulder. The boys all looked at each other in total confusion. "We'll explain later," Elijah ensured them. ---------------------After a boisterous dinner where everyone get reacquainted, Klaus remembered that he owed Matt and Jeremy a follow up hiding for their fight from the other day. He still had to talk to Kol. "So you guys look like you are football players?" Marcel asked at dinner."Yeah, the two of us are," Tyler indicated him and Matt. "This guy refuses because he's afraid it will mess up his drawing arm."Marcel asked, "Oh, so Klaus has a new painting partner?"Jeremy defended himself to the guys, "Maybe I just don't like football!" "Dude, there's no such thing as not liking football,"Matt went on.Elijah added, "Kol and Rebekah will be attending the high school this year also."Marcel flashed his smile, "I'd like to see that!"Everyone laughed and Klaus wished that it could always stay like this.--------------------------"Boys, I have a proposition for you," Klaus said pulling them aside later. "Dad, you're not going to, you know, tonight, are you?" Jeremy said, not wanting to ask if they were going to bed on their stomachs again.  "That's what I wanted to talk to you about. How about we switch your punishment to kitchen duty for the next day or so? Clear the table, load the dishwasher, and put the leftovers away? Oh, and take out the garbage. The others may even help you and no one need know. What do you think?" Klaus asked quietly. If they decided they would take take the spankings, he promised himself he wouldn't go easy on them. They had done very little in the way of chores these last weeks. "Yes, we'll take it. I swear we won't fight anymore," Matt gushed happy to have dodged another butt warming. "Thanks, Dad," Jeremy said gratefully. "You're welcome. I am proud of how well you all have been behaving. I think with so many people living here now, we may have to talk about some new rules about the loud music and messes around the house. But for tonight, just do the kitchen and go to bed. Love you both," Klaus said, leaving them to their duties and patting them on the shoulders. Klaus then indicated for Kol to follow him upstairs. This conversation might be more difficult. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "So, what did you want to talk about, Nik? World peace, fashion, saving the bloody whales?" Kol said with sarcasm when they arrived in Klaus' quarters.  "Oh, just how your witch lover seduced me and then tried to impale me and use me as an unending power source for her evil coven. Did I mention she also threw you under the proverbial bus and THEN wanted me to leave my kidnapped sons for dead? That's pretty much it in a nut shell," Klaus started."Nik, I met her twenty years ago and at the time you and me weren't getting along that well. I was worried, rightly, that I'd get the dagger and I asked her to free me in the future. I guess I deserved the dagger, but that doesn't mean I have to like it. I didn't know she was an evil psycho. I guess I got lulled in by her cooking. I mean, had you tried her profiteroles? I don't even like chocolate that much, but I got seduced too, and here we are brother," Kol drifted off."The truth is that I was blinded to her evil nature by her beauty and oui, her profiteroles were also exquisite. If only she could have been a pastry chef instead of a witch? I am relieved that you weren't here when all this went down or you would have gotten striped within an inch of your undead life," Klaus mused."I know. I thought by leaving that maybe I could free Mary Alice and Astrid, too. That was stupid. I know that now. So are we good here? I know you have Marcel to tend to and check up on. I'm sure you need to check on him, right?" Kol asked hopefully."No, Elijah is doing that. I have plenty of time to tend to your disobedience. You should have come to us and told us the truth. Do you understand that?" Klaus asked sitting down on the bed and leaning over to get something."Yes, Nik. I do. You know, Elijah already had a very 'thorough' discussion with me before we left. I don't know which was worse that bloody hairbrush he used or the switch. Anyway,..." Kol muttered, getting nervous about his impending punishment."I promise no more daggering, but there must be consequences. Here we go," Klaus said pulling out his plimsoll. "The slipper? Come on, Nik, you said you weren't angry anymore..." Kol whined wanting to cover his backside already. He had been wearing a suit for dinner and slung off his dress jacket on the chair. "I'm not angry, but I want you to know that I do care about your behavior. I will no longer let you get away with misbehaving and then having it fester into incidents such as these. We have to be honest with each other. Our trials are not finished. Mikael still hunts us and other evil forces. Do you understand?" Klaus said patiently. "Yes, Nik. Fine. I get it. I don't like it, but I'm not gonna fight you.  Where do you want me?" Kol said knowing it was useless to procrastinate any further."Touch your toes. You can take off those trousers, but you may leave your drawers on for now," Klaus said lightly, hefting the shoe."Is that a Converse?" Kol said looking back at the implement that was about to assault his backside. "Yes, Rebekah bought them for me at the mall. Not really my style, but I guess I found a use for them. Remind me to confiscate her credit card soon. Hurry, unless you want to spend tomorrow helping Matt and Jeremy on kitchen duty, trousers down now," Klaus ordered."No, that's okay. I'd rather be slippered than do the wash," Kol said undoing his belt and unbuttoning his dress pants. He slipped them off and handed them to Klaus who folded them over the chair. "These were a gift from Nicole, weren't they?," Klaus blurted on seeing Kol's white briefs, Calvin Klein. He pulled up Kol's dress shirt so it wasn't covering the target area. "Bloody hell, you too? From Nicole. I feel dirty," Kol confirmed."Aye, no worries. We'll burn them and buy new ones. Ready?" Klaus said lining up the rubber soled shoe as Kol bent over. He noticed Kol alway had old fashioned garters holding up his socks. He smiled remembering the conversation he had with the boys about suspenders and elastic. The new ways were not always better.Thud!The shoe landed on the center of Kol's backside with that dull thud before he felt a bloom of pain. He hated being in this position with his backside stretched tight, it was somehow more humiliating than anything else. Thud! The next whack was on his left cheek. Thud! Center again overlapping the first crack. This caused Kol to inhale sharply.Thud! Right cheek.Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!Klaus gave him two quick ones on each sit spot."Oww," Kol growled almost popping up."Down, now," Klaus reminded him. Crack! Crack!Klaus whacked the slipper down hard on the center of each cheek for the last ones. Klaus dropped the shoe and kicked it under the bed. He hoped to never have to do this again. "Ouch, Nik," Kol groaned popping up. "That was for lying and not telling us the truth. This is for running away to New Orleans. What if Mikael found you before Elijah did? Or what if the witches down there captured you? Danger stalks us, Brother. Our enemies never rest," Klaus lectured as he pulled Kol between his knees. He pinned his arms by his side so he couldn't rub his stinging behind."It hurts. Blast that damn slipper," he said stomping his feet and sniffing. "Come now. Watch your language, please. Almost over," Klaus said gently, sitting back. "Over my lap."Kol was angled so that his upper torso was supported by the bed and his legs were free to kick. Klaus was hoping this would be a short spanking and then they could all put this behind them. Like Elijah had mentioned yesterday, he did want to make the impression on Kol that he did care about him, a lot. Klaus folded the dress shirt up and and smoothed his hand over Kol's backside. He mused if they were human, he'd feel some heat. Little areas of red peeked out below the white seams of his underpants.Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!Klaus cracked the flat of his palm in a random pattern all over. Kol was immediately kicking and squirming as the smacks smarted over the slippering he already got. Kol clamped his mouth shut and pledged not to complain about a simple hand spanking. He was afraid Nik had borrowed that hairbrush that Elijah had paddled him with earlier. Had that only been earlier today?Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!Kol couldn't stop his legs from kicking and his hips from swaying from side to side. It stung fiercely."Still," Klaus chided."I can't, dammit," Kol admitted trying to squirm off Klaus's lap. Klaus started to pull him closer and then had a better idea.Klaus pulled Kol's briefs up between his pink cheeks to swat a little more on bare skin.Kol's resolve broke and he started sobbing. He was rocking as much as possible and pinwheeling his legs. He gripped onto the comforter with his fists so as not to reach back, Kol would be damned if he was going to get stuck on kitchen duty after taking this spanking. Klaus gripped the cloth of his underwear to hold his swaying backside still as he applied another litany of smacks on the bare area. Kol couldn't move his scorched behind and had no choice but to take the whacks. His brother's hand felt like steel. Klaus continued the firm spanking until Kol seemed spent. Klaus' hand was numb and he couldn't imagine what Kol's backside felt like. He stopped and rearranged and smoothed his underpants back down. Then, he patted his behind lightly whispering, "That's a good lad. Calm down."
"Sorry, Nik. I really am. If anything had happened to you lot or the lads...," Kol wept still over's Klaus' lap with his backside red and swollen."Hey, now. It's all good. We handled it and you found Marcellus. And you two are going to try to get along, like you used to. I'm not saying you need be partners in crime and destroy the town, but you must be civil," Klaus lectured. He gave Kol one light swat and helped him stand. Klaus also helped him unbutton and pull off his dress shirt and tossed it in the laundry. He still had a white undershirt with short sleeves on that was underneath the dress shirt. Kol rubbed his backside and grimaced while Klaus when to get a wet rag for his face. Klaus cleaned his face gently and then pulled down the down feather comforter. He had first chastised Rebekah when she admitted that she spent $900 on it, but it was worth every penny.  He sat and situated Kol onto his lap, trying to arrange it so his backside was not rubbing."I'm not a baby, Nik," Kol said softly, resisting a little."Yes, you're my baby brother. Shh, it's over and we need not mention it again. I'm sorry for daggering you so long ago. I don't want to scare you and Rebekah, but there are sometimes things happening that we don't always share with you. Please trust us to keep you safe," Klaus admitted thinking of Finn disappearing and Mother's corpse absconding.  "Thanks, Nik. For taking care of us," Kol said sleepily. "Time for bed, Brother. You can sleep in here tonight," Klaus said putting him in the bed. "Nik," Kol protested embarrassed at being treated like a baby again."Kol, you want another good smacking?" Klaus warned raising his palm."No, no, I'll stay. I'm pretty knackered...," Kol said drifting off.Klaus lightly put the comforter over him and getting into the other side of the bed. It was a king-sized bed, but he found Kol snuggled up against him in the middle of the night. Klaus fell back to sleep without worrying more about Finn and Mother. He put his arm around his brother and let himself feel content for a moment. Marcel was home. Kol was good. Rebekah was happy and the boys seemed to be adjusting. Elijah was by his side again. They could handle whatever came next.-----------------Elijah got up and peeked into Finn's old room. The sheets were rumbled, but no Marcel. So he and Rebekah picked up right where they left off. He supposed he was happy for them. He wasn't sure how Klaus would feel, but he couldn't worry about that now. Kol's room was empty, too. He cracked open Niklaus' quarters and saw them sleeping. His mind flashed back to their hut from the village.  He opened the boys' room to find Tyler and Matt arguing about something quietly from their bunk beds. "Gentleman, it is long past the time you are to have been asleep.  I expect you all up at a decent hour tomorrow," Elijah said in a non-nonsense voice."Come on, Uncle Elijah, it's like barely midnight. And it's summer for God's sake," Tyler defended."You have just earned yourself an early bedtime for the next week. 9:30 pm sharp. Do you want to continue your backtalk?" Elijah challenged."Really? Jeez, I was just saying-" Tyler continued."Shut up, man," Matt whispered to Tyler."Tyler, you are in danger of going to bed with a very sore backside tonight. Do you understand me, young man?" Elijah said tightly."Yeah, fine," Tyler said petulantly."One last chance," Elijah said stepping further in the room."Sorry, Uncle Elijah. Good night," Tyler said in a slightly more respectful tone."Good night, boy. Love you," Elijah said shutting the door.Elijah heard something thrown and Matt whisper, "You dumbass, you almost got your ass handled to you."
Elijah smiled and finally went to bed himself. ---------------The next few days passed quickly. Marcel and Kol seemed to bond with the boys and spent the days throwing footballs and playing street hockey in the wide front street. Rebekah started to join in and occasionally took advantage of her Original vampire strength and speed to overpower them all. She quite decided she liked modern sport. She and Marcel would go off on their own shopping or site seeing trips often in nearby towns. Rebekah was hoping to intercede the credit card bills as she went way over her generous monthly allowance. Marcel also picked up the tab as often as he could.  In the evenings, Elijah would cook a big dinner.  Everyone pitched into help cook and clean, except Tyler and Kol, who volunteered to do garbage duty and even lawn work to avoid the dishes. An older couple named the Camps took residence in the servants' quarters on the edge of the property. Louise Camp was a hefty, woman in her 50s with steel gray hair, but kind eyes. She wasn't a cook, per say, but could prepare small meals. Her hands would be quite full with the duties of shopping, cleaning, and laundry. Her husband Mathias was quiet and thin, but could fix anything needed on the property. As long as they weren't witches, Klaus was grateful to have them. Elijah suggested that they all do a set list of chores each week to avoid the need for more staff. It was hard for them to trust anyone after Nicole. He drew up a chart and was prepared to present it to the family soon. Marcel would often use the study to communicate with his guys in New Orleans about business concerns. He, Klaus, and Elijah discussed various strategies. Marcel was impressed with Klaus' insight into the different factions. He was eager get back to lead, but at the same time, he didn't want to leave so soon. "Rebekah, would you ever consider moving back to New Orleans with me?" Marcel asked suddenly one night in her room. "Nik would never let me go, you know that. Can't you stay?" Rebekah implored him with big eyes. He had a hard time denying her anything."I want to, but I can't run the city from here. I don't know what to do," Marcel admitted. "Have you talked to Nik?" Rebekah wondered."He's been...great. He's acting like I can come and go as I please. Is it real? It's not like him to give people choices. I'm just not sure if this is a ploy or real," Marcel wondered."I can tell you that he didn't lock Kol up in a dungeon or dagger him even after he betrayed him weeks ago. When did you know my brother to ever forgive anyone or anything without punishing them for years or decades? And adopting the boys? He asks nothing from them, he just takes care of them," Rebekah said getting emotional. "Is it too good to be true?" Marcel said as he started to kiss her again. His desire for her was as strong as the day he kissed her after swimming in the Mississippi River. Klaus had caught them that day and gave him the choice: her or immortality. He picked eternal life and let her stay in a box for 52 years. Even after that, they were still together now. She forgave him, could he forgive Klaus for leaving him. Was it even Klaus' fault? He wasn't sure what he thought anymore. ---------Finn sharpened his knives using a whetstone like he used to use a thousand years before.  With his Original vampire abilities and fangs, he really did not need weapons to hunt or kill. Mother has said tonight was the night. The ancestors had allowed her to return to slaughter the abominations she had created ten centuries before. As he and his dog Sage were hunting by the lake, she appeared to him in the form of starlings. He was not surprised. His mother always found a way to do the right thing. As a human, he always liked to help her with her chores and the other children. He could never understand their disobedience and exuberance. After Freya died, he never connected with any of them. They resented him when they got a well-deserved thrashing when he reported them to Mother. All they wanted to do was jest and make merry, while he kept an eye on things. It was as if his only true sibling was gone and he had no room in his heart for more. What if they died, too? Then, Henrik did and he has been in Hel every since. "That is good, Son. Keep it up. We have much left to do. Your time of suffering is almost at an end," Mother promised him."Did you end the witches?" Finn asked watching her clean blood off her hands with a bowl of water. They were living in the wolf cave where they used to hide on the full moon. "Yes, it was satisfying to fulfill the mandate of the ancestors. They begged for their sorry hides as I burned them alive. They killed themselves when they broke the Law," Mother said lighting some more candles she would need for her next spell. "The Law, Mother?" Finn asked confused. "Witch Law dictating that each coven do not harm or draw more power than dictated. The balance of nature must be maintained. I broke that law when I did the immortality spell. I have paid every time one of you drank from a human, slaughtered a family, or harmed an innocent. Son, the depth of the suffering I caused can never be measured. I have much to atone for in the eyes of the ancestors," Ester said grinding up herbs in her mortar and pestle."Mother, can you really return us to our mortal states?" Finn asked slowly. "Yes, it will be...painful. But they assured me that it can be done. And they gave me a boon if I can destroy all the vampire lines," Ester said lightly, as if it were nothing more than killing a fly."A boon?" Finn asked confused."They will restore your lost brother, Henrik," Ester smiled."But did he not go to Valhalla?" Finn inquired."He also was not Mikael's son, he was Ansell's like Niklaus. I suppose that is why they couldn't resist the pull of the full moon in this very cave. He is in purgatory," Ester admitted.Finn did not like hearing about his mother's betrayal of his father. True, his father had never shown him a moment of kindness after Freya died, but no man should be treated as such."So all we need do is, kill them all?" Finn said dully."Yes, we kill your brothers and sister and all their vampire lines die. Then, I bring them back as mortals. We start again. I can go back to the ancestors victorious," Ester declared proudly."Slaughter them all? How can we kill Niklaus? He is stronger than them all," Finn wondered."The ancestors will tell me that when the time comes. Come, we have much left to do," Ester said. Finn nodded and followed his mother to the darkest part of the cave. 
  
    Chapter Text
    On Sunday, Elijah made breakfast since the servants were off for the weekend. It turned into brunch because everyone except Klaus slept in until almost 11 am. "I gave Tyler an early bedtime this week of 9:30 the other day. I forgot to mention it if you were wondering why he left the movie last night glaring at me. He seemed to want to argue with me that it was 'only midnight' when I went in the other night. Poor Matthew was trying to get him to back down so much," Elijah chuckled. "With his wolf temper, Tyler's going to need a firmer hand. Please don't hesitate to give him a shellacking if he's earned one, or get me and I'll do it. I'm not sure I like this constant arguing back and attitude. I fear I haven't been spending enough time with him," Klaus admitted. "There are only so many hours in the day, Brother. I know they are dealing with a lot, but perhaps we need to tighten things up a tad for the children. We should sit them down and have a talk about rules and doing their assigned chores properly and on time," Elijah suggested. "Yes, with Finn and possibly Mother or her minions on the loose, we also need to tighten security. Rebekah won't like that herself," Klaus remarked."About our dear sister, her bed was empty the last few nights. Are you okay with her and Marcellus falling back into their old ways?" Elijah asked with his eyebrows up."Anything that will keep him here, Brother. I know I've been trying to let him make his own decision, but I can't let him go," Klaus admitted."Niklaus, he is the king of the city now. I'm not sure his "guys" as he calls them, can run that city on their own," Elijah professed."I know. I just don't want to ever let him out of my sight again. Family needs to be together," Klaus stated with conviction. ------------------During the next week, Elijah and Klaus sat down Tyler, Jeremy, and Matt and talked to them about keeping an eye out for their surroundings. They each were asked to keep their room clean and start cleaning up around themselves more. Klaus asked them to stop leaving their sports equipment and junk all over the house. Mrs. Camp really couldn't keep up and Klaus didn't want her quitting. Elijah wrote up a loose schedule for the boys to follow. He added everything from brushing their teeth to showering and of course, the bed time which got moved up to 11 pm. The agreement was that it would be rolled back to 10 pm during the school year. Elijah told the boys that they would be visiting his tailor for some formal clothes. He also distributed new packages of socks, underwear, and undershirts. All white. The boys were not happy to get briefs, but Mrs. Camp has complained about the state of their previous undergarments, full of holes and snags. Rebekah and Marcel took them all shopping one day at the mall for new causal clothes. Matt, in particular, had been looking threadbare. Klaus said he wouldn't have his sons looking like rag muffins when the boys protested. He could tell Matt felt guilty about accepting monetary things as he had done without for so many years. -------------------"No one ever comes out here this far, man, we'll be fine," Jeremy laughed handing the joint to Matt. The boys were in the woods, sitting on logs in a small clearing."I'm cool. Just as long as Coach doesn't decide to drug test us or something," Tyler said taking the joint from Matt and taking a hit. "Come on guys, it's not really that big of a deal. I've done a lot worse then smoke pot," Jeremy admitted."Yeah, we know. Don't try to turn us into dope heads," Tyler retorted watching as Jeremy repacked the pipe. Matt was finally starting to feel high. He started telling a story about a waitress he knew from the Grill who liked him. He forgot what he was talking about and Tyler threw the football they took to toss, at his head. Matt ducked and fell off the log laughing. Tyler went to get the football, he saw something strange."What the fuck?" Tyler yelled.It looked like a hoop crafted from light colored wood hanging from a tree. Colored stones and small animal bones were interwoven in it. There was also a pentagram carved into the tree in some kind of chalk. What looked like salt was on the ground. "Dude, it looks like voodoo or something. What should we do?" Jeremy asked about to reach out to the willow contraption."Don't touch it, man!" Tyler hissed. "Are you fucking stupid?"
"The answer to that question is 'yes.' Actually, the three of you are quite daft as I could hear you yelling a mile away. I can also smell that weed on you and if I can..." Kol drifted, taking the joint and tossing it on the ground to stomp on."Then Dad and Uncle Elijah can. But Kol this might be more serious, what is that shit?" Jeremy said pointing to the mysterious symbols. Kol looked and put his finger over his mouth in silence. If it was, what he thought it was, it was a witch listening device, like a bug. "Oh, that must have been here as a prank. Forget about it," he said in a normal voice examining the items more carefully."Are you going to tell on us for smoking?" Matt asked nervously. "No, that is something my dull brother Finn would do," Kol chuckled. Jeremy was relieved, "Thanks, Kol." Kol said, "You all are going to tell them. I'm not putting my arse on the line for you imbeciles.""Your ass? What do you mean, they aren't going to beat your ass, man. You're a vampire. We're the ones who are going to be sitting on throw pillows again," Tyler said defensively."Oh yeah, of course not. I mean, of course I won't get my ass beat. I'm  way too old for that. I just don't want Nik and Elijah vexed with me. But you're right, you lot are doomed. Now come on, it's time for you boys to get a little trip to the woodshed," Kol said picking up the football and starting back to the house.Matt looked at the other two, "What the fuck? There's no woodshed here..."
Still slightly high, they punched him and ran to catch up with Kol. _______________________"Nik, Elijah, the boys here were in the woods and found a willow hoop and some magical symbols on the trees about two miles back. I think someone is listening to us," Kol said as the four of them crowded into the study with Klaus and Elijah."Is that smell marijuana? Were you boys out there smoking?" Elijah asked in shock."Boys, answer your uncle," Klaus thundered. Matt and Jeremy flinched and started to tremble as Klaus had never yelled at them like that before. Tyler seemed to become furious himself and his eyes narrowed."Big fucking deal. It's a little weed. Why don't you worry about this witch shit we found. Something important!" Tyler snarled and walked out of the study. "Tyler Lockwood, you get back here," Klaus roared."Let me go talk to him. Boys, why don't you go to your bedroom," Elijah said giving Niklaus a meaningful look."I'm sorry for yelling, Matt, Jeremy. We need to figure out what these symbols are. Don't worry. Do as your Uncle said and we'll talk later," Klaus said rubbing his temples. Matt and Jeremy left the study as fast as possible for humans. "Kol, you know more about this than me. Are we in danger?" Klaus said when they were alone."Nik, call me mad, but I think that..." Kol stared in shock."What, Kol? You're scaring me," Klaus said anxiously. "Mother made this willow hoop. I would swear my immortal life on it. And I found this when the boys weren't looking. It's a poppet. There were two of them," Kol said opening his hand."Is that a likeness of Rebekah? And that is Marcel!" Klaus said in horror.---------------------------Tyler almost made it to the garage before Elijah vamped up to him. "You weren't planning to drive off in a rage, were you?" Elijah said leaning against the kitchen counter. Tyler nodded. "Yep, thought I should get the fuck out of here." 
"Tyler, let's go in here and talk," Elijah said grabbing Tyler by his upper arm and half dragging him into Nicole's old bedroom. Elijah sat Tyler on the bed as he sat in a chair nearby. "Do you need some time in the corner to settle down or can you talk to me in a calm manner?" Elijah asked."Calm," Tyler said still breathing hard. "Good. Would you like to tell me what's going on?" Elijah asked gently."No!" Tyler fumed. 
"Tyler, I am trying very hard to be patient and listen to you. Let me rephrase, would you like to talk sitting up like a young man or over my knees with your pants around your ankles like a sulky little boy?" Elijah asked sternly."I lost my temper. I'm sorry. I don't mean to take it out on you," Tyler said with tears forming in his eyes. "Tyler, I'm not trying to be facetious, but isn't 'pot' supposed to calm people down, not enrage them?" Elijah asked carefully. Tyler laughed through his tears, "I'm sorry, Uncle Elijah. I really don't know what is happening to me."Elijah got up and sat on the bed next to him, "Without your wolf curse triggered, it is natural that you are angry, especially around the full moon. On top of that, you've suffered a great loss and a big change in your life. Then, add on puberty.  Quite frankly, I'm not sure I saw anyone yell at your father like that and live to tell about it." "I'm dead, aren't I?" Tyler said, wiping angrily at his eyes. Elijah put his arm around him and pulled him into a side hug. "No, but I do think you need to talk it out. I know he tries very hard to not yell at you or lose his temper with any of you," Elijah said quietly. "I feel bad," Tyler confessed."I know he does, too. I'm not making excuses for the drugs, but we'll work through it. I think you need to lie down for a bit. Don't worry, Mrs. Camp changed the sheets after Nicole. I thought this might come in handy as a guest room," Elijah said pulling down the comforter for Tyler to get in. Tyler opened his mouth to argue, but Elijah just raised his eyebrows. "Thanks, Uncle Elijah. When you said early bedtime before, I didn't think you meant 2 pm. But I don't think I'm in a position to argue," Tyler said smiling."No, you are not. Do not leave this room. You can use the bathroom in here, okay? Get some rest," Elijah said kissing him on the forehead and smoothing his hair back. --------------------Elijah went back up to the study as Klaus was calling Rebekah and Marcel. Neither one answered their mobile phones. He left messages telling them to come back to the house immediately. Kol vamped around the property and found several more of the listening devices and symbols. Klaus told Kol to leave them there and maybe they could use them to their advantage by spreading false information. "So if Mother and Finn are behind this, what do they want?" Elijah pondered. "Finn has always hated us for what we were. Mother hated what we had become. I don't think she means to help us, just destroy us. We must figure out what they are up to," Klaus said pacing. "Tyler is resting in the guest room," Elijah said."I shouldn't have yelled like that. Thanks for being here, Brother," Klaus mentioned. "Of course. He's having a hard time with the temper, like you had mentioned. I probably should have washed out his mouth with soap for all that cursing, but I thought a nap may have been what he needed more," Elijah admitted. "You didn't spank him?" Klaus asked checking his phone for messages."No, I felt like he was pushing me to punish him on the spot, though. I don't know if he's testing us or trying to get me to alleviate his guilt.  It's odd, but one second my palm is itching to give him a few hard smacks on the behind, and the next I find myself hugging him and kissing him on the forehead. It's a hard call to know what to do. Are you going to deal with them now?" Elijah asked as they were siting around just waiting. "I guess I shouldn't keep them waiting too long," Klaus said, sighing. -----------------"We're home," they both heard Rebekah call."It's about time. Where were you two? Did you not check your phones?" Klaus barked."Whoa, calm down. We're here not. What's the problem?" Marcel said reasoned. "Don't you take that tone with me, Marcellus. You could have both been in danger.  Now where were you?" Klaus demanded. Kol came in behind them and echoed, "Yes, where were you? You missed the lads smoking pot in the woods and finding some magical items to spy on us, probably made by Mother. But I hope you two were having a fine time in your hotel room or what ever hovel you were shacked up in. Oh, and we found poppets made that look like the two of you." "Hotel room?" Klaus shouted.Rebekah said, "What's it to you? Poppets of Marcel and me? What the bloody hell does that mean?" Klaus stood up, he was at the end of his rope, and ready to blow if one more of his charges acted up. "It means you are both in danger. Marcel, I'm sorry but you can't leave until this is sorted out," Klaus said taking a deep breath. "Danger. Blast that Finn. And Mother? This makes no sense," Rebekah lamented. Elijah tried to calm everyone, "Kol, that was not helpful. We will get it sorted out. We just need some time to figure out where Finn is and what they want. I agree, Marcel, you should stay." "Here's a newsflash, I am not a slave anymore. I can go when and where I please. I will stay for Rebekah's sake, but because I want to. Got that?" Marcel spouted as everyone looked at him in shock. "Marcellus, I think you best sleep alone tonight. I would like to have a little talk about your 'plan' for the future. Do you understand me?" Klaus said meaningfully."Yes, Klaus," Marcel said, still trying to keep some pride. "Let's try that again, young man," Klaus said softly."Yes, Papa, I understand," Marcel pouted. "Rebekah, I think you best go to your room right now also," Elijah said pointedly. "I was going anyway!" she fumed vamping out."Am I the only person in this house not getting a hiding tonight?" Kol quipped happily. "Only if you leave right now, Kol. Go do some research on those items and what witches we can contact for help," Elijah said gently guiding him out and shutting the door. "Would you like me to handle Rebekah, Jeremy, and Matt? You can handle Tyler and your very mouthy Marcellus?"
"Thank you, Brother. I could not do this without you. I feel like Marcel has gone far too long without feeling my hand on his backside. Actually, I've been meaning to have a chat with Rebekah about her spending habits. Perhaps I will find out more about this sordid hotel they have been using as a love shack," Klaus decided. "Another long afternoon and perhaps evening then. I'm going to get my paint stick, or perhaps this offense of using drugs deserves a few licks with my belt?" Elijah wondered. "I feel like your belt would make a strong impression on our little delinquents. I feel like the other three need a decent number of whacks with one of my handy paddles. I refuse to wear out my hand tonight," Klaus disclosed. "Fair, but firm, Brother," Elijah said deciding on a course of action. -----------------Klaus popped in the game room and fetched the table tennis bat off the table. He tucked it into the back of his pants. Elijah was going to take care of a couple of things first before dealing with Jeremy and Matt."Hi boys," he said and found them both stretched out on their beds. "Don't worry, I'm not here for your spankings. Your uncle is going to take care of that. But I wanted to apologize for yelling at you like that. I lost my temper," Klaus admitted slowly. "Dad, we deserved it. You're making us feel worse," Matt confessed. "Everyone makes mistakes.Believe me, your uncle will probably give you one hell of a lecture that will be worse that the licking you're going to get," Klaus said vamping over to tousle their hair. "Jeremy, are you okay? You're awfully quiet, even for a condemned man," Klaus said with concern."It's all my fault. I should probably get it harder and worse," Jeremy choked out. "Hey, it's going to be over soon and I'll come back and talk to you, okay? If you are still up, that is," Klaus said patting him again on the back. "I love you," Klaus said leaving the room. ------Tyler heard a soft knock and heard the door open. He had just woken up from his nap."Dad?" he said in the darkened room. "I'm here, Son," Klaus said softly. "Is everything okay?" Tyler asked scared to hear the response. "Yes, we'll find out who left those devices and deal with them. Do not worry about that. Now, can we talk about today?" Klaus said sitting on the side of the bed. "I think I'd rather just get my butt beat than talk about it anymore. I've been thinking about everything in here for hours, it seems.  Uncle Elijah already talked to me. I lost it. I'm sorry," Tyler said feeling his face flush in the darkness. He sat up and felt Klaus hug him and rock him a little. "You have been pushing for a spanking lately, haven't you?" Klaus asked. "I just get so mad, like when Uncle Elijah told me to go to bed, I was such a well, dick about it. Then, I feel like a jerk and I probably do deserve, you know, a spanking or something," Tyler sputtered embarrassed to share so much aloud. "Hey, you know when you get 'so called' punished, it's to help you. An earlier bedtime could mean you need more sleep or a session in the corner is to help you calm down. This paddle on your behind may remind you to think twice the next time you do something dangerous," Klaus said grabbing the ping pong paddle out of his waistband. "We love you, Tyler. Elijah and I have dealt with teenagers before, we don't always take the sass and backtalk seriously. Maybe Marcellus will share all the times he got in trouble because of his talking back and bad temper. But right now, we have some business of our own to take care of," Klaus noted. "I know," Tyler said standing up. "Just take off your shorts and underwear please," Klaus said. He got up and opened the bathroom door a crack with the light on. It was dim, but not completely dark.Tyler shucked off his shorts and pants and let Klaus guide him over his knee.  "Before we start, tell me why you are here?" Klaus said smoothing the ping pong paddle over Tyler's bare rear end gently."I smoked weed and then yelled at you and ran away," Tyler admitted.POP!Klaus swatted down the paddle in the center of Tyler's left cheek."And?" Klaus prompted, swatting the right cheek. "I swore?" Tyler asked getting two more quick swats to his sit spots. Whack! Whack!"Yes, you did, young man. You are getting your mouth washed out in a minute," Klaus promised.Klaus put his arm around his son tighter. He decided to make this punishment memorable.Pop! Pop! Smack! Smack! Smack! Pop! Pop! POP!"Ouch. Ouch. OUCH!" Tyler cried as Klaus picked up the pace. He threw both his hands behind him to try to stop the burning pain. "Get me your hands, Tyler," Klaus said holding them in place. Klaus spanked Tyler's entire backside with the small paddle in a circuit. He then repeated the circuit three or four times as Tyler wailed and kicked in vain. Tyler rocked back and forth until Klaus swatted his thigh with a warning to stop squirming so much. The paddling was hard and fast and soon Tyler's backside was in shades of pink and red. To Tyler, it felt like he had been in this position for hours though it had only been a few moments. "You're getting the belt for the drugs which is something that is dangerous to you, as well as illegal," Klaus said unbuckling his belt."No belt, please. It's going to hurt too much," Tyler said almost lifting himself off of Klaus' knee. He was going to keep him here.Klaus wouldn't get much of a swing but decided to use the strap to make an impression that this would not be tolerated. Klaus cracked down his folded belt a little lower than Tyler's sit spots so that he was striking new area."Whoa! Ouch. That's hurts. I'm sorry," Tyler sobbed out."A couple more, Son, almost done," Klaus comforted. He snapped the belt down three more times slightly lower and then he went back to the sit spot area. Crack! Crack! He gave him two half-hearted whacks and decided he couldn't continue. Klaus picked up his son and pulled him into an embrace as he sat him on his lap with his sore backside off to the side. Tyler was rubbing his sore seat with one hand. "If I ever catch any of you doing drugs again, you will get the belt every night for a week!" Klaus warned rubbing his back. Klaus helped him put on his shorts and walked him upstairs. Tyler sucked in his breath and cringed when his shorts came into contact with his behind. He wasn't sure if Elijah was done with Matt and Jeremy so he took Tyler up to his bathroom for the mouth soaping. Klaus unwrapped a little hotel soap and told Tyler to open. Tyler did grimacing. Klaus led him to the corner of the bathroom and with a light smack told him to stand there with his hands on his head. Klaus said on the closed lid of the toilet for three minutes as Tyler kept the soap in his mouth."Okay, you can rinse. There's a-" but before Klaus could say glass, Tyler was already rinsing his mouth. "Come here please," Klaus said to Tyler as he came closer. He stood Tyler in front of him. "I want you to think of the paddle on your behind when you think of disrespecting and talking back, the belt for the drugs, and the soap and corner for the cursing. You are a great kid and I am proud to call you my Son. You have paid for everything you did today, so no eating yourself up with guilt. I forgive you, Elijah forgives you, okay?" Klaus asked Tyler looking in his eyes. "Thanks, Dad. Jeez, that soap is the worst. Can I rinse again?" Tyler asked hopefully."Sure, but it won't help. Go lie down until Elijah is done with your brothers. I will be back shortly. Don't forget I love you," Klaus said leading Tyler to the large bed and tucking him in. His backside was sore enough for him not to protest about being put in put again at 7 pm.   Klaus smiled at him and then went to deal with Rebekah and Marcellus. He still had the paddle tucked in his waistband. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Elijah tapped on the door to the boys' room and walked in quietly. He was worried by the willow hoop. Unlike Kol, Elijah had never been that interested in magic, but he knew that none of this was good. The witches that planted those hoops were stealthy enough to get through the security system and remain undetected by four Original vampires.  Elijah saw Jeremy sitting on the floor leaned up against the bunk beds sketching. The shower was running in the bathroom."Matt in the shower?" Elijah asked causally. "Yes, sir," Jeremy said glumly."Jeremy, you brought the drugs in the house, did you not?" Elijah asked. He could always tell when someone was lying by their heart rate.Jeremy's was steady when he admitted that he did."I got it from an old dealer at the Grill. He just gave it to me and I guess I wanted the other guys to think I was cool. Now all I did was get us in trouble. They will probably hate me now. It was dumb," Jeremy postulated."It was only a week or so ago when I paddled you and Matt for fighting. I'm starting to think that some time apart must be a good thing.  If you boys are all a bad influence on each other, I'm going to speak to your father about splitting you up for a few days," Elijah warned. "No, Uncle Elijah, please don't!" Matt said coming out of the bathroom in shorts while toweling his hair dry. "Jeremy, we're not mad at you. At least, I'm not. Ty and I are the older ones and should have stopped you. Please, Uncle Elijah, don't split us up yet. Give us another chance," Matt begged."Matthew, okay, I won't bring this up again unless you three puts your lives in danger again. Jeremy, I think you are first this time. Matthew, would you take your place? You can face that wall," Elijah frowned to see the pile of clothes in the corner. There was also a small bookshelf there now, overflowing with clutter and topped with garbage . Didn't they just have a talk about cleaning?Jeremy put his sketchbook to the side and looked up at Elijah. He noticed his didn't have a paddle or that stupid paint stick with him. He flushed to think of going over his knee to get a hand spanking. That made him feel like a small child. "No paddle today, but I am going to use my belt on you at the end of your spanking. We will not tolerate drugs on the property, young man," Elijah said sternly sitting down on the small couch in front of the sitting area.Jeremy nodded. He had no defense, but he was nervous."I never got it with a belt before, Uncle Elijah. Can't you use something else?" Jeremy pleaded, genuinely afraid. He recalled how Ty told them about how his Uncle Mason lit up his behind with just a few licks of his leather belt. "It's going to hurt, but I hope you will remember this the next time you are at the Grill and you get offered drugs. You're going over my lap first," Elijah said. Jeremy had on sweatpants.Jeremy whined, "Please, don't...""Those sweats can come down," Elijah said waiting. Jeremy pulled them down to his knees. Elijah frowned to see how he had on his old faded boxers underneath."I bought you all new underwear and told you to start wearing it. These shorts you have on now are no better than rags. Off, please," Elijah said in a tone that brooked no discussion. Jeremy's always flushed face was now flaming red as Elijah stood him in front of him. Jeremy's t-shirt covered him, but he was still ashamed to have his pants around his knees. Elijah seemed irritated."When we tell you to do something, you are to obey us, even if you do not feel like it. Do you understand me?" Elijah asked. Jeremy nodded. Elijah turned him to the side and smacked his thighs, one on each leg hard. Whap! Whap!"Yes, I'm sorry," Jeremy groaned. Those two smacks hurt, but he was afraid to even attempt to rub. "This room is a mess. I'm going to start checking rooms every night and apparently your underpants as well," Elijah fumed. "Uncle Elijah, that's too embarrassing," Jeremy whined. Elijah turned him again and smacked the center of his bottom three times.Crack! Crack! Crack! This time Jeremy couldn't stop from throwing his hands back and trying to protect his behind. "This is the problem. The backtalk and arguing. I am done with it. When we tell you something, no more carrying on and smarting off. Do you understand?" Elijah said pinning Jeremy's arms to his side so he couldn't rub. Jeremy was hopping a little from foot to foot trying to alleviate the sting. He realized that Elijah could swat a lot harder than he normally did. Tears started rolling down Jeremy's face. Jeremy cried, "Yes, Uncle Elijah, please, ...don't." He started to beg for a reprieve from the spanking and then remembered Matt was in the room. His bottom already stung so much, he wasn't sure if he cared. Elijah turned Jeremy to glance at the state of his backside. There were several handprints where he had swatted him. He wasn't sure if he should give Jeremy a break in the corner to cool off his bottom and spank Matt now, or just let him get it over with."Jeremy, your behind is already pretty red. Do you want to take a break in the corner while I spank Matt? Or just get it over with?" Jeremy was loathe to do it, but he muttered, "Get it over with. Thanks."

Elijah sighed and said, "Okay, over." Elijah moved back on the couch to accommodate Jeremy's weight. He took a moment to flip up Jeremy's t-shirt to reveal his entire backside. He clamped his left hand on Jeremy's back and patted his bare behind with his right.Smack!Jeremy thought the first few spanks felt light compared to the swats he just got standing up. Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank!Elijah was smacking his behind lightly back and forth on Jeremy's already sore cheeks. Jeremy still hissed and felt his leg jump a bit. 
"Jeremy, I don't like doing this, but you know better," Elijah said bringing his hand down across both of Jeremy's cheeks at the same time for the next series of cracks. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!Elijah spanked the same spot until Jeremy was wiggling and trying to launch himself off Elijah's lap. Elijah shifted him back in back and then raised his left knee to gain better access to Jeremy's bottom. He brought his hand down harder all around until the boy was kicking and begging for him to stop. Jeremy had long since kicked off both his pants and boxers which freed his legs to kick.Since he had promised him a session with the belt, Elijah had mainly left his thighs untouched. "I'm taking off my belt now. Do not move or I will add extras," Elijah threatened as Jeremy heard the sound of the buckle jingle.Jeremy couldn't launch his hands back because they were supporting his weight but he tried to push himself up with his knees. He heard the belt unfurl. Elijah quickly doubled it and lined the folded over portion over his target. The buckle part was in his hand. "You're getting a whipping for doing drugs and putting your health in danger," Elijah said cracking down the belt on Jeremy's sit spot. Whack!"Ow..n-no! Please," Jeremy wailed kicking violently. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!Elijah quickly snapped the belt down on Jeremy's white upper thighs four times in succession as he pulled him in closer to his body to hold him. Jeremy was hoarse from crying and didn't seem to realize it was over. He had two slight welts where the strap had overlapped. Elijah put the belt on the couch and murmured that it was over.Elijah stood him up and quickly pulled him into a hug as the boy knelt between his legs.  "Sorry, Uncle 'lijah," Jeremy sobbed into his should as Elijah rubbed his back.
"You're forgiven. We will speak no more of it," Elijah promised."Okay, it hurts though," Jeremy moaned rubbing quickly."That's the point of a spanking. Now, I want you to switch places with Matt and put your hands on your head. I want to see your sore behind over there. If I see anymore rubbing, then you will be over my knee again," Elijah clarified. "Yes, sir," Jeremy said walking painfully over to where Matt was standing against the wall. "Matthew, your turn," Elijah called over simply. "Sleep pants off, please," Elijah said plainly. Matt had the white briefs on and took his sleep pants off. 
"Since you are wearing your proper underpants, you can get your warm up over them. Good boy. Now tell me why you are getting this spanking, mister," Elijah said briefly holding him in front of him, like he did Jeremy."We smoked pot and tried to hide it. I'm sorry, Uncle Elijah. I don't even believe in drugs because of my sister. I'm really disappointed in myself," Matt admitted already emotional, thinking of his sister. "We can only learn from our mistakes. You're going to get a red, hot backside and be punished, then you will let go of the guilt. I don't want you torturing yourself over this, understand?" Elijah asked intensely. Matt nodded glumly. Elijah turned him to the side and gave him three stinging blows over his underpants."Ouch!" Matt winced and automatically shot his hand back. "Matthew, do you want a bedtime spanking? Move the hand and answer me properly," Elijah cautioned raising his palm. "No torturing *crack!* myself. I *crack* understand, sir," Matt squealed as two more spanks crashed down on his sit spots. His bottom already felt ablaze.  He also shifted his weight from foot to foot. Elijah's hand felt as hand as stone. Matt felt himself flipped over his knee so that his hands were supporting his upper body and his legs were free to kick on the couch. Elijah pulled Matt into his body close and rubbed his right hand over Matt's underwear clad backside. Matt felt like a little boy as he stared at the beige carpet below his face.  Knowing he was going to get a belting after the hand spanking made him hope that it wasn't that hard. He assumed his underpants would help a little. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!The first four cracks made Matt raise his head up in surprise as they were forceful and mighty. He tried to look back to see if Elijah had switched to a paddle, but he only heard Elijah bark at him to face forward. The spanking quickly heated up Matt's behind even over his thin cotton underpants. He was kicking and squirming in minutes.Then, to his shame, he heard the door open and his father come in."Sorry to intrude, but..."----------------------Thirty minutes before:Klaus had just washed out Tyler's mouth with soap. He was realizing that he needed to be a lot stricter or these incidents of cursing, fighting, and backtalk would worsen. And drugs? He wasn't really prepared to address that. When Marcel had been a teen he was worried about him dueling and staying out all night gambling and whoring. Thinking back to those days, made him decide to deal with his long lost son first. He knocked and heard a deep, "Come in."
Marcel was sitting on the bed. He had showered and was dressed in sleep pants and a white cotton undershirt. He looked so young to Klaus that he couldn't help but smile. "So coming in to whup my butt is funny?" Marcel sassed. "No, but it is amusing that you look so young and innocent still. Just like you did over a hundred years ago when I came in to spank you for drinking spirits and getting into street brawls," Klaus shared. "Klaus, I probably deserved those spankings, but this one? I've been on my own a long time. I'm sorry I got smart with you, okay. I'm worried about Rebekah. I just...don't know what to do. You know I can't stay here any longer. I've got to go," Marcel pleaded. "Marcellus, come here," Klaus said sitting on the bed and pulling Marcel closer."I'm here," Marcel said in a small voice. "I will never forgive myself for what happened. If we thought there was any chance you lived, we would have returned for you. You understand that?" Klaus asked."Yes, of course. I just have a life now. I want to stay with you, but I can't," Marcel insisted."I know, Son. You are the King now. They need you, but I need to make sure you are safe until this threat blows over. You are not going anywhere until it is safe," Klaus said firmly. "How long with that be?" Marcel said sharply. "Unless I say, it is safe," Klaus retorted."That's the kind of shit that is pissing me off. You treat me like I'm still a kid. I'm not. Dammit, do you get that? Fuck, never mind. It's pointless," Marcel whined. "Yes, it is pointless for me to argue when you are in this state of rebellion. Let's cure this with a good spanking," Klaus said capturing Marcel in his iron grip."No, Klaus, I don't need a spanking. I'm sorry. Maybe I went too far, I know you're just trying to help. Please, don't," Marcel begged. "Marcel, any swats over your pants will not count. I suggest you quickly take down your pants and bare your behind before I start counting," Klaus said slipping the ping pong paddle out of his waistband in the back. "A paddling! Come on, Klaus, I said I'd stay. What the hell do you want from me?" Marcel yelled."A respectful boy who can obey and keep a civil tongue in his head not a disrespectful brat. Pants down," Klaus growled. Marcel huffed and angrily yanked off his sleep pants and elastic boxer briefs. His face reddened as his t-shirt and socks were the only things keeping him from being totally naked. He covered his front with his hands until Klaus pulled him over his lap on the bed. Klaus had moved so all of Marcel's body lay on the bed with his smooth brown behind right over Klaus' lap. "It's been a while since I gave you a paddling but I expect you know how to behave. No reaching back and if you try to get off my knee, you will get a bedtime spanking," Klaus reminded patting Marcel's behind with the paddle in little taps. Each one caused him to flinch a little.  Marcel didn't share with Klaus that he had adopted his discipline regimen with his own crew. If some of the younger vampires couldn't behave and had problems with authority, Marcel often used spanking to get them to toe the line. If he killed every vampire who had disobeyed him, he wouldn't have a very big crew. It rubbed Marcel the wrong way that he was back in this position again when he was now the one doing the spanking or at least ordering the punishment. He had to admit that Klaus' ways worked wonders. "Are you ready to get your behind tended to? Relax, now are you ready?" Klaus asked again raising the paddle over Marcel's rear. Marcel felt the air breeze over his bare seat and tensed. He was really nervous as he knew that he had pushed Klaus too far. "No! I don't-"Marcel started but stopped when the first whacks of the paddle landed on his trembling cheeks. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop!"-want a spanking," Marcel finished his voice strained. "Well, you earned a good session with this paddle over my knee so hush and think about how you can stop misbehaving and start acting like an adult," Klaus said sternly.Klaus flicked his wrist down smartly in a random pattern all over Marcel's behind. Marcel tried to stay still and clamp his mouth shut. If the paddling didn't affect him that surely Klaus would realize that spanking no longer had an affect on him. After all, he was the King now. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!Klaus continued to paddle Marcel steadily. He knew what he was doing by tensing and trying to act stoic. Klaus smiled at his stubborn little boy. An over the knee spanking never failed to contribute to a complete attitude adjustment for a week or so."Why are you over my knee, young man?" Klaus said not slowing the swats or lessening them at all. "Because you are an ass. I'm a grown man," Marcel spat out."Oh, okay," Klaus said lifting his left knee to gain more access to Marcel's behind. He cracked the paddle down on his sit spots and inner thighs smartly. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop!Marcel was shifting and starting to kick against his will. He really didn't remember a spanking hurting so much all over. His behind was burning and the fire was raging. Marcel could only kick his calves as his thighs were on the bed supporting him. Marcel had his arms folded under his chin and was trying not to reach back. He certainly didn't want another humiliating spanking tonight or tomorrow. Marcel heard himself hissing and moaning as the paddling increased in intensity. He tried to rock his behind out of the way, but Klaus just pulled him in closer to his body and continue to swat all over. As Klaus started swatting below his butt cheeks firmly, Marcel's resolve broke. He started crying loudly and threw one hand back to protect his behind. Klaus immediately caught that hand and pinned it. Since Marcel's vampire healing was in effect, Klaus gave him another full sixty seconds of spanking while he lectured him about his attitude. Marcel's backside was red and swollen, but there were still some areas of pink."I love you more than my own life, Son. Please allow me the chance to make it up to you. I know you are angry, but getting smart with me and Elijah will get you right here over my knee. I think I'm going to leave this paddle in here to remind you to behave. Anytime you sass us or get smart, you will be marched in here for a few paddle swats on your bare behind," Klaus promised."Sorry, please stop. I won't sass you again. No more. Just stop it. It burns, please Papa, Papa, n-no more," Marcel begged as his behind wiggled and swayed as he tried desperately to move away from the small round paddle held by his father. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop!Klaus, hearing himself being called Papa, wondered if Marcel had learned his lesson. He put the paddle down on the comforter and brought the flat of his hand down across both of Marcel's red cheeks at the same time. Smack!Marcel wailed and thrashed. Klaus spanked him lightly on his sit spots for another minute until Marcel settled down."Tell me what you learned, Marcellus," Klaus demanded, now rubbing his bottom gently with his hand."No more smart attitude. You are the boss. I will leave when it is safe. And you love me. Papa, I'm sorry, too," Marcel sobbed now laying limply. 
Klaus pulled his son up into a hug and stood him up in front of him again. Marcel was rubbing both cheeks as Klaus kissed his head and let him rub a moment. Marcel was hopping a bit and hissing as felt the heat in his beside."Okay, enough of that. You will heal fast. Now I want you to listen. Everything I do now is for you and this family. Please trust me. And I will try to listen to you better and help you with New Orleans that best that I can. Also, you and Rebekah can date, but no more hotels and secret locations okay? Any of that and you will both get a spanking in front of each other wherever I catch you. I don't care who is there," Klaus said looking into his eyes. "Yes, Klaus. I understand. I know you care and will do the best for everyone. I'm sorry I questioned that," Marcel admitted, hugging Klaus with his bare bottom stinging and burning. "Are you okay?" Klaus said looking concerned. "Yeah, but am I getting another spanking for reaching back?" Marcel trembled. He couldn't take another licking right now. "You are, but you have a few hours to heal. I'll even bring you a mug of blood before bed. But I am leaving the paddle here. I want to see it sitting on on this bedside table when I come back tonight. You are to stay in your room and think about what we talked about until I come back and get you. Now, get in bed and take a nap," Klaus said tucking in another son. He kissed him on the head and told him he loved him. Klaus went to Rebekah's room next. He wasn't sure if he needed to go get the paddleball paddle to use on her, or if his hand would be enough. Klaus supposed if she was misbehaving during her spanking, he could always add a few strong whacks with one of her hairbrushes. When Klaus opened the room, it was empty. He vamped around the entire house and then burst into the boys' room to find Matt, still clad in his white briefs getting spanked soundly over Elijah's knee. Elijah looked up in surprise."Sorry to intrude, Brother, but Rebekah is gone! I searched everywhere. There is no sign of her!" Klaus exclaimed. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Rebekah thought she heard water running. Maybe it was wind? She wasn't sure because her head was fuzzy. All she had wanted to do was sneak out to her car and get her packages. But now she couldn't move, her hands and feet were restrained, she was blindfolded. The air was cool and smelled of rot. She had just wanted to surprise Marcel with some lingerie, not for him, but for herself. Rebekah had also spent a little too much and wanted to get the revealing garments and high-end price tags out of the car before she got in even more trouble. Rebekah had meant to bring it into the house when no one was looking.  If Elijah even glimpsed it, she'd probably get a few hard whacks with the wooden spoon right in the kitchen, Klaus would snicker, and Kol would probably yank it out of the bag and parade around in it. The boys...she hoped no one found it, but by now they surely had... Bex, as she thought of herself, knew she was in the wrong when she encouraged Marcel to sneak off to that seedy motel. Then, she turned their mobile phones off without bothering to tell him. She had regretted giving attitude to her older brothers when she got home, but it upset her to see how they treated Marcel like a boy. He was a man, her man, and she felt like she needed to support him even if it was her backside on the side. Kol had even been teasing her about being a "spoiled brat" lately. It was no secret that they all indulged her. Which is why she didn't think sneaking out to the driveway would have her ending up here. Wherever she was.  Her supernatural hearing picked up the wings of bats and then footsteps approaching. ---------------------"What?" Elijah blinked in surprise and stopping before smacking Matt's behind again."Gone. Rebekah. Can you a wrap this up and...?" Klaus indicated Matt sprawled across Elijah's lap "Indeed. Matthew, I"m going to finish in a minute with the belt. Try to stay still," Elijah said picking up the belt and folding it. "I'll go get Kol," Klaus said shutting the door."Sorry about that. It's almost over," Elijah said lining up the belt with Matt's bare thighs. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!He strapped him quickly five times on his thighs and used his vampire strength to hold the blond boy down. Matt yelled out and tried to move."I'm sorry about that. I just did not want this hanging over your head. If you ever look at drugs again, you will get the whipping of your life. Do you understand?" Elijah prompted.Matt was sobbing and shaking.Elijah spanked him with his hand hard three times. "Matthew, answer me or I will continue this discussion later," Elijah said firmly."Y-yes, sir. I'm sorry. Please..." Matt cried as Elijah finally helped right him and pulled him into a quick hug."Shh, all done.  I hated to do that but it seems we have a situation on hand. You are okay. Jeremy, you can get dressed and go to bed. Matt, you too. I'm going to go see what's happening. Please don't make me ever repeat that. I love you both," Elijah said making sure they both got into bed and seemed okay. He turned out the lights and shut the door. He listened and heard people in the lower level of the mansion. Elijah vamped there and found Kol and Klaus pacing. "What is it?" Elijah said concerned at the looks on their faces."Ah, not sure you want to see this, Brother," Klaus muttered."Oh, no, I think he needs to. Take a look, Elijah," Kol said shoving the bag at him Elijah took a peak and immediately shut the bag. It was the most scandalous lingerie he had ever seen. They would have to deal with this once they got their sister back, but he was disturbed. Elijah looked at his brothers questioningly, surely, they were not concerned about her impropriety now."We found it scattered on the ground by Rebekah's car. It looks like maybe..." Klaus started."What? Do you think someone grabbed her? How would they?" Elijah snapped. "We checked the surveillance footage. It looks like she heard something and then went into a trance and vamped off. I've never seen anything like it," Klaus said seriously."It has to be connected to the willow hoops we found yesterday. Can I see those poppets again?" Kol asked as Klaus handed them to him."There is a spell where you whisper to the poppet representing what you want them to do. These witches, perhaps Mother Dearest, could have whispered where she wanted Bex to vamp to and then done a boundary spell. It also could have been an illusion spell to make her think she was seeing something that wasn't there. I'm going to need the help of a real witch," Kol admitted. "When I get my hands on our little sister, she is going to be very sorry she wasn't in her room where she was supposed to be," Klaus fumed. "Nik, you would have gone soft on her. You always do," Kol added."Well, I don't. And she is going to answer for that lewd underwear, in addition. However, Brothers, we must find her first," Elijah insisted. "We will, mates. Give me some time to figure these spells out. I just don't know any of the witches here," Kol said in frustration.Tyler came out to the living room. "Tyler, you are supposed to be in your room resting, not lurking about eavesdropping. Unless I need to fetch the paddle again and make myself clear?" Klaus demanded. Tyler reddened at being threatened in front of Kol. Kol noticed and smirked at his discomfort."No, Dad. Sorry, it's just I think I know a witch who might be able to help," Tyler muttered."Really, who?" Elijah wondered."Bonnie Bennett," Tyler said simply. ------------------------------------An hour later, Bonnie came to the house with Elena.As they pulled up, their mouths were wide open. "You didn't tell me Jeremy was living in a mansion!" Bonnie exclaimed to Elena as she parked. "Bon, I didn't know. I mean he told me that it was big, but wow!" Elena admitted. "Maybe we could move in here?" Bonnie suggested. "Ha, no thanks. I'm up to my ears with Stefan's place. When Damon eats the maid, it gets trashed in a day. They can be such pigs. Less can be more, believe me," Elena informed her. "I don't know. I think if I lived in this place, I would be happy every day. It's just beautiful," Bonnie said in wonder as they rang the front bell. "Welcome, my dears. Miss Bennett, I'm Klaus. These are my brothers Elijah and Kol. My son Marcel is upstair trying his police contacts, he'll be down soon. Thank you for helping us. Elena, nice to see you again," Klaus said graciously. "Sure, no problem, sir. Please call me Bonnie. This is a beautiful home. Truly. I have never seen it's like," Bonnie gushed. "How kind of you to say, now if you would follow me," Klaus said leading Bonnie to the living room. Elijah said, "Jeremy and Matthew are in their bedroom upstairs if you want to see them, Elena. It's the second room on the left. Just follow the music." "Sure, thanks. Bonnie, call me when you're ready to leave," Elena said heading up the front staircase. She did hear the thumping of the music. Elena pulled open the door and neither Matt nor Jeremy noticed her. Tyler yelled, "Turn it down, Matt." Matt was unable to hear him until Tyler pointed at Elena. "Oh, sorry. Hey, Elena. What's up?" Matt said getting up to hug her. "Bonnie's helping with some witch business downstairs," Elena responded punching Jeremy on the arm and accepting a kiss on the cheek from Tyler. "Yeah, I suggested Bonnie. Rebekah is missing and everyone is freaking out. Some witches might have taken her," Tyler blurted."What? Jeremy is it safe for you to be here? Maybe you better come home with me?" Elena panicked."Is anyone there, Elena? Or at you at Stefan's and Jenna is with Alaric all the time? I mean, I've been there and I've done that. I'll take my chances here," Jeremy grumped. "Elena, please excuse his pissed off mood. He's just sore," Tyler teased throwing a pillow at Jeremy. "Sore? What are you in a bad mood about? Aside from the kidnappings, it seems you guys have it made here?" Elena questioned. "No, Elena, he's like sore-sore. Genius here brought home drugs from the Grill and yup, we got caught," Matt added."Come on, guys. Shut the hell up about it! She doesn't need to know all the details," Jeremy pleaded."Jeremy, I can't believe this. I thought you were clean," Elena shouted."I am, Elena. I swear it. It was one slip up. Believe me, it won't happen again. We got in a lot of trouble," Jeremy blurted out quickly."Well, it doesn't look like you're grounded. And I see your mobile right there. So what's this big punishment? No dessert?" Elena fumed."It was a little worse than that," Matt laughed. "Or a lot," Tyler quipped. "Please, guys. Don't," Jeremy pleaded again his face and neck flushing."If someone doesn't tell me, I'm going to march downstairs and ask one of the Mikaelsons. Now, tell me," Elena said with her hands on her hips."Jesus Christ, we got our asses beat. Are you happy?" Jeremy blasted, getting up and stomping off.After he slammed the door, Elena said, "I think that is exactly what my brother needs. Are you guys okay?" Matt answered, "Yeah, I mean, it's bad but after it's done with. No one is mad about it or fighting."
"How do they do it...? I mean, sorry, I don't need to know the details," Elena said ashamed of prodding too much. "Look, Elena, I know you worry about Jeremy. But honestly, we get our butts whupped only when we really deserve it and then it's over. Truthfully, we probably have been getting away with too much. Jeremy's doing good. Doing a lot with his artwork, paints with Klaus, talks about music with Elijah. You know I wouldn't lie to you. He's good," Tyler insisted. Matt agreed, "Go talk to him. He's probably pouting in the game room. I think he feels a little guilty that he's happy here. Elena, this is the first structure I've ever really had. I know you guys had great parents, but this is second best. Jeremy needs support and that structure. Without it, he'll fall apart again."
"You guys are the best. Thank you. I'll go talk to him," Elena gushed. "And Elena? If he gives you any lip, just crack him on the butt. Believe me, he'll be very tender there tonight," Tyler joked. -------"Jer, let me in," Elena said knocking. Jeremy unlocked the door and let her in."Sorry," he said quietly. "Hey, you don't have to be embarrassed or guilty that you like it here. I'm glad and happy for you. Like you said, Jenna and I weren't around enough for you. Is that what's wrong?" Elena gently pressed."I guess. I just wanted you to think I was doing well, not screwing up with the pot again. Also, I guess I'm kind of embarrassed about...you know," Jeremy drifted."Getting spanked? Don't be. I guess you don't know this, but there were a few times Mom spanked me. One of them just a few months before they died," Elena admitted. "What? Are you serious? I never knew that. What did you do?" Jeremy asked fascinated. "Talking bad, lying, and the last time I snuck out to meet Matt. Please don't tell him, he never knew why I didn't show up. That was the worst one. I don't think Dad approved of it, but I guess I had a way of pushing Mom's buttons. You were the easy kid," Elena smiled. "Jeez, I guess I overreacted. I always thought mom was joking about smacking us with that wooden spoon. You're not going to tell Jenna about all this are you?" Jeremy asked. "No, Jer. If you want to share with her, that's fine. I'm not going to say a word. I think she is happy as long as you are happy. And no, mom wasn't joking about the spoon. It hurt like a bitch," Elena said coming over to hug him. Smack!Elena's hand shot down and whacked Jeremy's backside swiftly. "Oww, what was that for?" Jeremy laughed rubbing the spot. "That's for trying to hide things from me. There is nothing you need to be afraid to tell me, I'm your sister AND your cousin, all in one. I love you, you know," Elena said hugging him tighter. Elena rarely brought up the fact that his biological dad was her uncle, but it was true. She hadn't heard from her father, "Uncle" John since he lost his fingers in that little accident engineered by Katherine at their house. "Me, too. You and Bonnie should come out more often. I mean, things are weird now with this witch stuff, but after," Jeremy suggested. "We will," Elena agreed.--------------------------Bonnie did the locator spell in the living room. It failed as someone had cloaked Rebekah's location. As a Bennett witch, she called out to her ancestors for help. They showed her that Rebekah had been in the wolf cave, but wasn't anymore. "Where the bloody hell could she be?" Kol said kicking the coffee table over. "Kol, calm down. We'll find her," Elijah said gripping him tightly. "We'll find her."
Bonnie suggested, "Maybe we should search that cave system for clues?"Klaus was impressed with the young witch, "Miss Bennett, you are quite accomplished for your young age. Please lead the way, we shall follow." "I'll come with you," Marcel said without waiting for an introduction to Bonnie.Elijah said he would stay home and check on the boys. He took the bag of lewd undergarments and set them in Rebekah's room. If she had only stayed in her room, like they had asked. Elijah was caught between anger and fear, but mostly fear. His little sister was out there someone alone. They had to find her and quickly. -----------------------An hour earlier: "Mother! I should have guessed you would be behind this plot," Rebekah scoffed seeing Ester holding a touch with Finn lurking behind her. "Daughter, my only living girl left, I am here to save you," Ether purred."Living? That is rich. We are undead, as you made us. Save me, from what you did to us. You're a bit too late. We are fine. If you want to save us, kill Mikael instead!" Rebekah demanded. "Father? Why would she kill Father. He is going to be the one to bring down the greatest abomination of them all, the hybrid, Niklaus," Finn said in his slow dull voice. Rebekah was in general against long torture sessions. Yet she promised that she was going to cut out Finn's tongue in a hundred different ways."Shut up! Nik will destroy all of you, including Mikael. He and Elijah were kind to you, they tried to help you and yet you betray us? You made Nik what he was, Mother. And he's fine now! But you, the nerve? Want to kill us? Too late, go fix yourself and leave us alone. We are immortal," Rebekah raged tugging against the vervain soaked ropes that restrained her."Daughter, we will meet your father in that disgusting swampy penal colony you once called home, the City of New Orleans. Then, I shall use you as bait to lure your siblings there. Your father can kill Niklaus and I will kill the rest of you. You will all be placed in new mortal bodies to end the curse I created against nature," Ester proclaimed in a grand voice."How did you lure me here?" Rebekeh asked curiously. "Oh, after the ancestors woke me from my tomb. I follow you and your lover, or is he your nephew, to that hotel you favor. I posed as a maid and took hair and let's say, fluid samples. That allowed me to create the poppets. I can whisper the starlings song to your doll and then you will hear and think what I want you to, I can control your mind and your gentleman friend in a mere moment. Alas, none of this would have been possible without aide from your eldest brother. I must thank whomever was kind enough to undagger him from his long slumber," Ester went on. "We would have left him there forever, if not for the evil plotting of witches like you. Leave me now and I'll see that you die quickly, witch!" Rebekah screamed in rage. She was an Original vampire and something was preventing her breaking these ropes."Rebekah, is that a way to talk to your mother? We were so close once. Perhaps you need to go to bed early tonight. Sleep, Daughter," Ester said blowing a power in her father that rendered her unconscious."Come, Finn, we must get her in the vehicle. Your brothers are on their way," Ester said directing Finn to left her up and carry her out of the cave.Luckily, neither Finn nor Ester noticed what Rebekah had carved on the cave wall with her hands tied behind her back. 
  
    Chapter Text
    By the time they got the cave, Klaus was frantic. He was hoping to be able to use his hybrid senses to pick up some scents. Right away, he smelled Finn's scent. Was he a prisoner too or a traitor? There was nothing from Rebekah.  Since Elena was driving Bonnie, she tagged along on the investigation. It was a new moon and the sky was swimming with clouds tagged in silver light. "It's so beautiful tonight," Elena breathed. "Not as pretty as you, love," Kol responded."Ah, thanks. Thanks not creepy or anything," Elena said under her breath to Bonnie. "I'm going to do another spell to see if I can trace Rebekah from here, do you have that hairbrush?" Bonnie asked holding out her hand."Yeah, she actually uses this one to brush her hair," Marcel quipped pulling the brush with Rebekah's golden strands in it to Bonnie. "What else would she use it for?" Bonnie said looking at Marcel in confusion. "Nothing, Miss Bennett. Just find her for us, please," Marcel begged. Marcel vamped around the area to see if he found any tracks. "Singuinata Venet a Superem," Bonnie chanted, trying to reverse the boundary spell first. "Did it work? I'll like to go in, but I don't want to get trapped," Klaus asked excitedly."Yes, I think you will be okay. Maybe test it first though?" Bonnie said glancing at Kol. If he got trapped, she wouldn't be too broken up."Fine, I'll take one for the team, Darlings," he said checking out Elena and Bonnie again."Thank you, Kol. You are such a gentleman tonight," Klaus said, gesturing for him to go to the mouth of the cave.He vamped in and out with no issues. "I'll check it out and see what I can find out. Kol, stay here with the girls," Klaus said vamping off."No worries, Brother. Ladies, I'm at your disposal," Kol said slyly. They just looked at each other and laughed. Kol paused and cocked his head and listened with his vampire hearing, "Nik said he found something. Come on." A few minutes later, the other three were looking at the symbols Rebekah had carved. "It looks like the fleur-de-lis, the symbol of..." Marcel cried out, then stopping."The City of New Orleans," Klaus finished. "And this, it looks like the rune for...No, it can't be," Kol said disturbed."Kol, what is it?" Klaus said anxiously. "This one time when we were human, I got mad at Mother for not teaching me an unlocking spell or something silly. I ran off into the woods to pout. I fell asleep in the forest and I woke up with this horrible burning on my arm. I looked and this exact rune, plus the other ones that spelled out Mikael were burned into my arm. It was Mother warning me to get home before I really got it. I ran like hell and managed to sneak in before he noticed I was gone and hadn't done my chores,  but this was the same mark," Kol said passionately. "Wait? Why were you so afraid of your dad?" Bonnie asked. "He was what you would call, a bit of a head case now-a-days, plus he has a violent temper and a mean streak. He had a particular boar hide whip he only used on me, though Kol, Mother surely spared you a hardy thrashing that day," Klaus said lightly. Marcel put his hand on Klaus' shoulder. It hurt him to hear about how cruel Mikael had been, especially to Klaus. "Aye, it's the same mark, I tell you. I think Bex is saying they are taking her to New Orleans and Mikael will be there," Kol whispered looking faint. "You know, the last thing Mother ever said to me, before Father killed her," Klaus started, causing Elena and Bonnie to exchange a glance, "was that she needed mystical blood to undo her immortality spell. Then, she could link us, kill our vampire bodies, and jump us into mortals. I didn't think she had the power to do that spell then, but now maybe, with the power of the ancestors. Say, Elena, did anyone ever mention to you that you are a Petrova doppelgänger?"-------------------Elijah knew that the new housekeeper and her husband said that their daughter and her family lived nearby. He vamped over to their cottage and found no trace of them , aside from two piles of ash outside the porch area. His vampire vision could see little pieces of ash blowing into the wind. Was this another trick of Mother's? Or was this a sacrifice? Elijah would be happy to never see another damn witch again after this was over. He carefully collected the ashes and put them in a small box. He'd have to compel the family and tell them their loved ones were on vacation or died peacefully at home. He promised to give them a generous allowance although it was no replacement for two good people. Elijah vamped back to the house and revised the chore schedule. The boys weren't going to like this. It was too dangerous to have servants around anymore. Everyone was going to have to start doing their part.-----------------"Yes, I know about Katherine, but I thought she was just a distant relative. I didn't know I was a whatever you called it," Elena said looking to see if Bonnie knew where he was going."Doppelgänger. It's extremely rare and your blood has magical qualities. Technically, you aren't even human," Klaus explained.Bonnie interrupted and said to Klaus and Kol, "If your mother wants to kill all of you, she needs Elena's blood to link you. Then, she only has to kill one and..."Kol finished, "We all fall down. Dear Mum, such a sweetheart. Say, I think we better get out of this cave. These ladies are getting cold." Bonnie had on jeans and a puffy vest. Elena just had on jeans and a sweater. Although it was summer, the night was unseasonably cool."So, do you need to go to New Orleans to look for Rebekah?" Bonnie asked. "Actually, I would love it if you and Elena could come. I could look after Elena and Bonnie, you would be a big help." Klaus started. "What the...?" Elena hit an invisible barrier as she tried to leave the cave. Bonnie was behind her."Elena, watch out!" Bonnie shouted as Ester did a spell to knock them both down.The vampires could not get back in the cave. Ester was chanting and looked up at her children almost as if she looked through them. "Witch, leave the doppelgänger and come kill us now. Are you a coward? You have to attack this young girl for your diabolical plan? What would the ancestors say about attacking the innocent?," Klaus roared with his eye turning yellow."My children, Niklaus, Kol, I have watched all of you maim and destroy for 1000 years feeling every fang and bite mark that your victims felt. It has been my punishment. I have come to free you. Help me and I will let you all pick new vessels of your choice. No more blood lust. Kol, you could do magic again. Niklaus, you could be the wolf you were always meant to be," Ester said as she sliced Elena's wrist and drained her blood in a chalice. Bonnie was writhing on the ground in pain. "Just give us our sister back. Where is Bex?" Kol screamed."She's in good hands with your brother Finn. It wasn't very nice of you boys to keep him in that box for 900 years. He's looking forward to settling down to the normal life that I denied you so many years ago. Now, don't be difficult. Just come with me and all your pain will be gone," Ester coaxed. "No, Mother, come out. Let us reunite," Kol said smoothly."Kol, I burned those runes in your arm with magic to save you from a greater pain. Let me do that to you now, let me right the wrongs I committed so long ago," Ester pleaded. "You were the source of our pain and you ended our human lives, but our real mother is long gone. You are just a puppet for the ancestors," Klaus said growling in disgust. "Now, we're talking about murder, my son, that is rich coming..." Ester started, but fell hard to the ground along side Bonnie and Elena. Bonnie seemed on the verge of death, as well as Elena. With her last bit of strength, Bonnie choked out," Averte oculos tuos a quo exitus. Hunc exitus ab auribos." "No, give me more time. I can convince them. They are my children. Please, just give me another week. Ahhhhhh!" Ester screamed in agony. Bonnie was chanting in a low voice as if in a trance.  Elena was able to crawl partially out of the cave. Kol dragged her out and gave her his blood from his wrist to heal her wound. Klaus said to Marcel, "Let's go get Rebekah, she can't be far! Kol, don't let Ester go! Call Elijah." Elijah came to the cave with the cursed shackles to restrain Ester. Kol's eyes almost popped out of his head. So his brothers had his dark objects? Some of the ones Mary Alice and Astrid made back in 1920?  Or at least some of them? Once Ester was shackled, Bonnie finally stopped chanted and took a deep breath. The shackles would prevent any witch from being about to cast a spell. Kol grabbed his mother and led her to her car, pulling her by the chains. He refused to make eye contact with her. She seemed stunned. Elijah then took Ester and popped her in the trunk of Klaus' SUV.  "Miss Gilbert, you look a bit pale, may I help you in the car?" Elijah said politely. "I thought you looked at me like you all knew me. You knew Katherine didn't you?" Elena said."Yes, we knew Katerina Petrova from long, long ago. We also knew another, from your line, the lovely Tatia.  They, of mystical blood, have always been in danger. Elena, you must promise me that you will be careful. I'm not sure that the Salvatore brothers can protect you. Would you like to stay with us and your brother?" Elijah asked kindly. "Thank you for the offer, Mr. Mikaelson. I'm afraid Stefan and Damon need me, too. They have both vowed to die for me, though of course, I would never accept their offer," Elena admitted. "I hear something," Elijah said suddenly. "It's them. I think they found Bex," Kol said."Marcellus, do you have her?" Elijah called. As Marcel came forward, they noticed that Rebekah was sleeping in his arms. To him, she looked like the carving of an angel. His angel. Though some might call her a demon, to him, she was everything that mattered. "Thank god," Elijah breathed, smoothing back Rebekah's long blond hair. She looked dirty and had leaves in her hair, but uninjured. Klaus was dragging Finn by his neck. He was bloody and banged up, but laughing manically. "She won't wake until Mother wants her awake! Ha, ha. The joke is on all of you. You should have just listened to Mother and this would all be over," Finn cackled.Kol announced, "He's out of his fucking mind."Elijah vamped over and smacked the back of his head, "Really, in front of the lady? But you might be right." Bonnie was slumped in the back of her own car, holding her head in her hands."Let's get this lot home. I have some other features of the house that will come in handy tonight," Klaus smiled as his eyes glowed yellow."Oh, ah, the new housekeeper and her husband were burned to ash, so I drew up a chore rotation," Elijah smiled. "I can add on prisoner watch, if necessary."-----------------------------Kol drove Bonnie and Elena back to their houses in Mystic Falls in Bonnie's car. Elijah followed in his trunk to drive home Kol. Klaus promised not to start question Finn yet. Marcel put Rebekah in her bed and watched over her. As Finn said, she did not awaken. He was worried.When Elijah and Kol got back, Klaus came to escort them to the special part of the house. "This is the first dungeon level. It's quite comfortable, but unescapable, just the same. I have Mother over here, after all, she was our mother," Klaus said fondly. Ester had the shackles on and was further shackled to a bed. The chair was not long, but there was an adjoining bathroom. The chain retracted so she couldn't hang herself on it. "You said she seemed to be under the influence of the ancestors?" Elijah asked."Aye, she seemed mad as a hatter. It was her, but not really," Kol volunteered. Klaus nodded his agreement. "I have Finn a level down where the accommodations aren't as homey," I think he should be ready to talk tomorrow. "Mother will need food and water as a mortal. Are you planning on feeding Finn?" Elijah asked. "Maybe just human food as well, let's see how he does without his animal blood," Klaus suggested. "Where did you find Rebekah?" Elijah asked."Finn was loading her into a van, up by the highway. Honestly, he seemed as if he was in a trance," Klaus admitted. "What kind of spell do you think Rebekah is under?" Elijah asked Kol."Maybe an herb or something like that, I'll go check on her and see if Marcel needs a break," Kol said without glancing at Ester."Kol," Klaus called out."Aye, Brother?" "Thank you," Klaus smiled.Kol just smiled and nodded. Elijah looked at both of them impressed by what he was seeing. Was this progress?-----------------------------For the next week, Rebekah continued to sleep. Bonnie tried to get every witch she knew of to help or offer help. None would help a vampire. Kol consulted ancient books, Ester's grimoire, and even herbology. Finally, Bonnie brought several witches that her grandmother had known to the house. They couldn't find anything magical wrong with Rebekah. No one could and yet she never stirred. Like sleeping beauty she lay in the bed as the world went on around here. Klaus beat, tortured, and taunted Finn but he didn't seem to know anything. Ester was in and out of consciousness and muttering nonsense. At times she seemed to be begging the ancestors for mercy. Other times, she begged for death. Marcel packed a bag and snuck out one night while Klaus was in the dungeon below. He had to try to find a cure for Rebekah, nothing else mattered. He had tried to beg Klaus to let him go before but since that is where they felt Mikael was lurking, he wouldn't hear of it. "Oh Marcellus, are we sneaking out?" Kol whispered in a sing song voice. "Kol, don't fuck with me. I need to find a cure," Marcel angry whispered back. "Mate, listen to me, if you can get into that Fauline cottage, there are powerful witches in there. Most are evil, but Mary Alice and Astrid just got caught up in the Mikaelson family drama, if you remember your part in it. If you can get them out, they can probably wake up Bex. Just try okay?" Kol pleaded. "Fine, Kol. I will try. Just keep an eye on her. Please," Marcel begged tearfully. Kol said, "She's my little sister, of course I will. I just I have to cover for you, too. You know you're in for a hell of a hiding either way. Probably me, too.""Yeah, I know. But she's worth it. Watch over her, Kol," Marcel said leaving.---------------------Marcel's guys seemed happy to have him back. He was inundated with a thousand requests and decisions they waited on him to make. He filled in Thierry and told him it would be a while longer.  Marcus swallowed his pride, put on his best suit and went to visit the regent. Josphine La Rue had eyes of ice and a heart of steel. He told her about Rebekah."As you well know, Mr. Gerald, as you like to call yourself these days, I can't be seen giving our greatest secrets out to our enemies. I will make you a deal, though," Madame La Rue said sharply.  "Yes, Ma'am, I will keep my guys out of the cauldron again.  The Garden District witches can expand as they wanted several years ago. The Ninth Ward will have justice for their fallen in the last battle with the wolves. Just please, help me wake up my girl. I'll do anything," Marcel begged about to get on his knees.  "You won't like this, Mr. Mikaelson. Yes, I know who your father is. I met himself when I was a girl. Before my mother hexed my hands for falling in love with the wrong man, I was a violinist. Niklaus Mikaelson came to our house in his lovely white summer suit and lovely manners. He kissed my hand and complimented my playing. I saw this very moment. My whole life I have waited for you to come and ask me this boon," Josphine shared."How did you see this? I don't understand," Marcel stammered. "I am a seer. I rarely see my own future, but that day I did. I saw my own death at the hands of one of their blood, not a Mikaelson per say. Tell your father not to undo the Curse of the Moon and the Son. A child of his own blood will result and many of us will die as a result of the lifting of that curse," the old woman trembled. "I can't tell him. Klaus would be furious that I'm even here. With his father on the loose-," Marcel started."He will kill his fathers more than once, the ancestors tell me," She cut in. Fathers? Was this lady nuts?"Regent, how can I save Rebekah? Please," Marcel asked again. "You must step down as King of New Orleans for a time. Go to the Fauline cottage, I will grant you entrance this once. Go to the attic. There, you will find the only one who can help your wife," the Regent stated in hollow voice. "She's not my wife," Marcel smiled. "Not yet. Go to the cottage and take the one with you. Leave all others there to rot as is their fate," the Regent's voice shook. "Okay, thanks. I got it. I can do this," Marcel said happily. "No, you must also take my grand daughter," she begin to weep. "Okay, fine. I'll take her," Marcel said alarmed. "You must keep her safe. She has some unnatural talents, I cannot see her fate, but she is in danger here. If I'm being honest, Mr. Mikaelson, she's more of a danger to all nine covens.  You must hide her among your kind so that my kind cannot...," the Regent wiped at her eyes with a cloth. Marcel noticed her twisted, swollen fingers."What, Ma'am?" Marcel asked urgently."Execute her," the Regent said."A kid? Your witches want to execute a kid? I'll take her," Marcel said with indignation. The Regent got herself together and said, "Delphine will need a firm hand and much patience to deal with. Her musical and magical talent are vast, but her emotional maturity and restraint are lacking. Do this for me, save my grand daughter and I will owe you a great deal." "Merci, Regent. Likewise," Marcel said bowing his head. "And tell your father again about the curse, it must not be broken. If I was you, I'd kill the doppelgänger. It will spare you years of grief," Madame La Rue said walking out of the room. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Where is Marcellus?" Klaus boomed, kicking a chair into dust in Marcel's now vacant room. "Brother, I ask for your calm. You are scaring the children. Quite frankly, you are scaring me," Elijah said gently pulling Klaus from the room."Elijah, if he went back there to New Orleans, he could be dead already. If he's not, he's going to wish he's dead when I get a hold of him. I told him no!" Klaus was shouting again."Come, Niklaus, let me fix you a drink and we shall work out a plan to find him," Elijah said tightly. "Dad, what's wrong?" Tyler ran up to them and asked."Oh, Tyler, your naughty older brother ran off in the night. We're not sure where," Klaus said heavily."Marcel? Oh jeez, he was supposed to teach us more martial arts today," Tyler said disappointed. "So he didn't mention any plans to abscond to you, Son?" Klaus asked Tyler. "No, of course not, if 'abscond' means take off," Tyler said. Klaus looked at Elijah, "When did you say you engaged that tutor?""Dad, we don't need a tutor, we have school. And video games and tv are kinda educational. I saw something about that yesterday on tv. No lie," Tyler rambled. "Young man, I hope when I come in to inspect that room, it is spotless. I also want all your clothes folded and neatly put in the drawers. All I've heard all day were music and video games and shooting sounds. 8 pm, I'll be in to check," Elijah declared."Yes, Uncle E.. We'll get it done. Promise," Tyler said scampering off. "If not, you know what will happen," Elijah called after him."We'll end up sleeping on our stomachs, yes, we know," Tyler replied cheekily. "Uncle E.?" Elijah laughed slightly."Brother, thank you for your attention to them. I know you have been extra patient with them this week. You have also taken on the burdens of this vast house and no staff," Klaus admitted."I starting reading a modern book on the teenage brain. We need to know where their limits are and be there to support them, among other things. As to the lack of staff, I think it will help them all develop a sense of responsibility and pride. How's it going downstairs," Elijah inquired."I thought maybe I had a break though today with Finn, but I honestly believe he is 'bloody daft', as Kol says," Klaus informed him. "Any progress with Mother?" Elijah asked hopefully."None, if they weren't so dangerous, I'd suggest we drop them both off at an asylum," Klaus exclaimed."Not sure they call them that anymore. Shall we have a word with Kol? He's been awfully quiet and well-behaved today. Maybe he knows something of Marcel...," Elijah noted. "Indeed, can't hurt to ask," Klaus conceded.-------Kol was watching over Rebekah as Marcel had asked. He even talked to her aloud, in case she could hear him. His thoughts turned to the past. Sometimes he thought he remembered their human days more vividly than some of the vampire years. Was it a blessing or a curse to remember them playing in the meadow together in the sun? To recall covering Henrik in flowers except for his face when he was but a baby. Mother laughed and hugged them to her skirts in delight when she saw. She had stopped laughing much when Father was around and he grew more brutal. Was that woman in Nik's dungeon really her? They had feared their father, but they all adored their mother. That was something they all had in common when they were human, even with Finn, who had perhaps cling to her the most.  "Bex, come back to us and I won't make fun of you for buying that ludicrous set of knickers. We have all these bloody chores now because the second housekeeper got burnt alive into a pile of ashes. I'll do your wash and hell, even scrub your loo if you come back...The lads asked about you. They came in here and stood around the bed looking scared. I don't know if you can hear me, Bex, but I'm scared. Marcel left. He's looking for a cure for you and he said he won't come back til he finds it. I know I used to kid you, but he loves you more than anything," Kol finished sadly. "Kol, why didn't you tell us?" Elijah said in a deadly calm. "I promised him I wouldn't," Kol said without turning."Little Brother, I've been worried sick," Klaus said quietly out of respect for Rebekah. "I'm sorry, Nik. He said he was going and you couldn't stop him," Kol went on quietly. "Kol," Elijah said."Well, Bex, it's been nice knowing ya. Light a candle for me and my arse when you wake up," Kol muttered. "Go to your room and wait for us in the corner," Klaus said sternly."No, I'm not getting a hiding because Marcel runs away. Find him and slipper him some," Kol said vamping away.Elijah caught him near his bedroom,"Go to your room right now and pull down your trousers and wait in the corner." Elijah was growling in a low voice so the boys wouldn't hear them."'lijah, please," Kol whined. "Kol, I am not going to argue with you. Room, trousers, corner, now," Elijah said restraining himself from spanking him in the corridor. He tried to recall what his teenage brain book said about a brain that has been 17 for 900 years. He was pretty sure that section was blank."Fine. I'm going but I'm not going to like it," Kol snapped, stomping his foot before turning on his heel and going to his room. "And don't slam it," Elijah said to himself as the door slammed shut. ---------------------Marcel was nervous. He didn't really seem to get along well with witches in general, unlike Kol. Now he was going into the scariest witch prison in New Orleans. Kol had begged him to help his friends, but the Regent had warned him to go to the attic only. What a mess. And the thing with the little girl? He was to make arrangements to get her out as soon as he could. She was in some kind of witch safe house."Okay, Rebekah, this one's for you," Marcel said going past the creepy doll head on the fence and opening the gate. It swung open easily. He went up the walkway and up to the front door. He heard chanting and saw Madame la Rue at the gate while her eyes rolled back in her head. What if she trapped him in here? Why was he trusting this lady?He opened the front door and it swung open with a creak. "Hello," Marcel called, not seeing anyone at first. He walked into what looked like a sitting room and found groups of people in grubby clothes playing cribbage. No one seemed to notice him. Marcel walked on looking for the stairs. It smelled stuffy in here, musty. Just a heavy scent of violets or something sweet.Going up the stairs, he could hear old music and it sounded like dancing on the second floor. He went up to the third floor and that was when he saw Astrid. She looked at him as if he were a ghost."Marcellus Mikaelson?" Marcel hadn't started using Gerald after he got back from WW1."Astrid? Is that you?" Marcel said looking at her brown eyes and coffee colored skin."Yes, how many years has it been? We lose time in here," Astrid smiled sadly."About 100 I'm afraid," Marcel said. "Have you come to get me out?" Astrid asked hopefully. A big man wearing suspenders and a straw hat tackled Marcel from behind. 
"It's time for your pills," the man said as he started dragging Marcel into a bedroom. "Nah, man, I'm not a patient," Marcel said trying to vamp away. His vampire powers seemed negated. The man quickly chained Marcel tightly to the bed."Yes," he said to Astrid, lying about his intentions to get himself out of trouble."Now Mr. Thomas, you go do your other rounds. You already gave this patient his pills today," Astrid smiled at the man. "Come on," Astrid said unchaining Marcel. "Wait, I have to get something," Marcel said leading her upstairs."We're not allowed up there," Astrid said looking around worriedly. "Trust me, it's the way out," Marcel lied again, feeling awful.In the only room at the top, Marcel saw a glass coffin. "What the hell is this?" he muttered to himself.He wiped off the top and saw a beautiful blond girl. Astrid followed him and said, "You're not here to get me, you liar. You are here to get her. Thomas! Your patient needs his pills!""No, please. Don't, Astrid," Marcel pleaded. He put Astrid in a headlock until she passed out cold. He laid her carefully on the ground.Marcel then tried to open the coffin but it was sealed shut. Hadn't the seer said to "take her" with him? Marcel kicked the glass and smashed a panel by her feet. He then was able to smash around enough to wedge it open. It seemed like it had been shut a long time. He picked up the girl and hefted her over his shoulder. Without his vampire strength, it was a struggle. Marcel descended the stairs praying no one would stop him. No one did until he ran smack into Mary Alice Clair. "Long time, no see, Marcel. How's my old friend, Kol?" Mary Alice quipped as if he had just seen her yesterday. "Great. Look, we're trying to get you out. Give us some time," Marcel whispered. "Get out? Why would I would to leave? I run this cottage now.  Why don't you put that body over here and we can have a nice long talk?" Mary Alice said politely. Marcel looked at her and realized she was insane. He rammed his hip into her knocking her to the side and ran for the door with the blond over his shoulder. He threw open the door and without looking back, fell onto the porch. He immediately got his strength back and managed to not drop the woman. She seemed to wake up at that very moment. "Hello, miss, can you walk? We need to go!" Marcel said walking down the path. He saw the faces of the trapped witches at the windows of the cottage looking out. If there was ever a hell for Marcel, it would be that place.Making it out the gate, Marcel put the woman down and introduced himself. The blond held out her hand and said, "Hello, my name is Freya. Freya Mikaelson."------------------------------Kol was beyond furious. He was worried about Rebekah and the fact that she might not wake up. He was disturbed that a lady who may or may not be their mother wanted to kill them. Marcel ran away, why would he get punished because of something Marcel did. He went to his room and kicked off his shoes. He started to take off his trousers. Instead he ended up smashing half the items in his room with a lamp. Just as he was about to smash the mirror to his dresser, Klaus and Elijah busted in."If I'm going to get trounced anyway, I might as well do something to deserve it," Kol provoked. "Kol," Elijah started as Kol cut him off."Just do it, beat me, Elijah. You too, Nik. Use a stick, board, hammer, whatever and take out all your bloody frustration. Please spare me the talk. I really can't take much more talk. You're furious with Marcel, but at least he's doing something. At least, he's trying to save her!" Kol blurted and kicked a hole in the wall. Elijah went to grab him and Klaus laid a hand on him to let Kol go. Kol threw the covers off the bed and smashed his lamp to the floor. After he wore himself out, he crumbled to the floor with his head in his hands. "Save her! I can't do it. If I were a witch again, I could, but as a vampire, I'm useless," Kol said now sobbing. Klaus vamped over and knelt in front of Kol and put his arms around him as he tried to shrug him off.  "It's going to be okay. You're not useless as a vampire. Maybe you were right that you shouldn't get punished because Marcel ran off. I might have been angry and frustrated and taking it out on you. But you should have told us, brother, Marcel could be in danger," Klaus admitted. Elijah said, "We all miss her and we're all scared. But we have to keep it together for those boys out there, okay? Kol, we make mistakes, too. Maybe we should have all split up to find a cure. Or gone with Marcel to protect him? I do not know, but like Niklaus said, we wished you would have trusted us enough to make that decision," Elijah stated helplessly. "So you're not cross with me," Kol asked through his tears." No, brother, but we have to live with the consequences of our actions," Klaus smiled. Elijah hugged Kol and said, "I have to inspect the boys' bedroom soon. Come get me if you need me."

Klaus looked at the mess and broken glass and said, "Get your pajamas and toothbrush, you can take your bath and sleep in my room tonight.""Am I getting..." Kol asked afraid to hear the answer. Klaus wanted to just let it go, but he recalled how Elijah told him that made Kol feel unloved and unattended to. "A spanking? You're going to get two if you don't hurry up. Now move, mister," Klaus said swatting his bottom to hurry him along. "Ah, Nik. I was going to go sit with Rebekah later," Kol mentioned gathering up his supplies. "Well, you can do that tomorrow on a sore, red behind after you had a good night's sleep," Klaus promised. Kol whined all the way to Klaus's room. Klaus drew him a bath with bubbles and warned him to make it somewhat quick. When Kol was dawdling, Klaus went in to remind him to hurry up."Nik, give me a minute. You are bloody rushing me!," Kol sassed. Klaus had had enough. He vamped over to grab a white, fluffy towel off of the counter.  He pulled Kol up out of the huge marble tub and turned him to the side to administer a few crisp swats.Smack! Smack! Smack!Klaus noticed that each spank left a handprint on Kol's backside. "When was the last time you fed, Kol?" Klaus demanded."I don't remember. A couple of days? Just leave it alone, Nik," Kol demanded rubbing the areas where Klaus had smacked him.  "Finish now, Kol," Klaus warned for the last time. Kol huffed and finally rinsed his hair and washed his body. "Nik, can you get me some blood, I'm hungry," Kol whined. "After your spanking," Klaus said starting to drain the tub. He wrapped Kol in the fluffy towel. "Bugger that, I don't need a smacking tonight," Kol stomped the remaining suds and splashing Klaus, getting water all over the floor."That's it," Klaus said, picking up the solid wooden bath brush. He said down on the closed toilet seat, lay the brush on the bath, and flipped Kol over his knees. Kol's hands were supporting him and his legs were free over the bath area. Klaus picked up the bath brush and brought the round circle flat end down on Kol's backside. Crack!Kol screeched and his head popped up and his legs shot out. Klaus began to spank all over Kol's wet rear end. "You should know better than to misbehave in the bathtub. Honestly, Kol, you behaving like a small child. What is next, are we going to have to put you in nappies and pull ups? My word," Klaus said paddling him harder and turning his behind pink quickly. "Nik, it stings *pop* like the *pop* devil. *pop* Ouch. *POP* Ouch. S-sorry," Kol yelled trying to rock his hips away from the sting of the brush. "Young man, you were begging for me to paddle the sass out of you tonight so I don't want to hear it," Klaus lectured, now swatting Kol's sit spots. Kol was kicking and pounding on the floor. He wasn't crying, but his face was red and the sting was growing terrible. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! "Stop it. Damn it, stop it," Kol yelled loudly. "Who do you think it is in charge here? Hmm. You will stop getting paddled when I've decided you've been spanked enough. Not when a spoiled brat, who trashes his room, tells me," Klaus said swatting the center of each cheek firmly. Left. Right. Left. Right. Left. Kol was trying to wiggle off of Klaus' lap, but Klaus just held him tighter with his left arm and pulled him in closer. "Sorry, Nik. I'm sorry," Kol yelled out after his attempts to get loose fell through.The paddling seemed to be a non-stop whirl of swats and cracks to Kol. The burning and aching increased to the point he would have done anything to stop it. It was hard to talk and think, yet he knew if it were to end, he had to focus."About what? Kol, tell me what you are sorry about. I want to hear it," Klaus said cracking down the bath brush firmly."Not telling you about Marcel, trashing my room, and...." Kol started sobbing. "About what, little brother? Tell me," Klaus prompted."Not being about to save her," Kol cried. "Kol, listen, that's not why you're getting this spanking. I couldn't save her, Elijah couldn't. But we will soon find a cure. Believe that," Klaus said still using the brush, but quite lighter. pop! Pop! Pop! POp! Klaus put down the bath brush and grabbed some lotion on the counter. Since Kol hadn't fed, he wasn't healing that fast and had some bruises form. Klaus rubbed some cream on his behind and thighs. "What are you going to do to make this up?" Klaus asked bringing his bare hand down across both of Kol's sore cheeks.Kol's legs shot out and he wailed and wriggled hard. The cream soaked in, but only seemed to intensify the pain of the spanking."Clean my room," Kol started. Swat! Swat! Swat!"Yes, that's a start," Klaus said continuing the spanking."Come and talk before I get too upset," Kol answered. Smack. Smack."And? Unless you want to get spanked all night long," Klaus prompted. "Not blame myself," Kol choked out.Those were the magic words. Klaus bring his large hand over Kol's stinging behind in one mighty crack. "We spank you from time to time because we love and care about you. You know we give you many chances to improve before you end up with a red seat. I know this is really causing your backside to feel like it's ablaze because you haven't fed enough. That's not acceptable. You know you need to feed on a regular basis. When you are hungry, you get irritable and do insane things like trash your room. You need to take care of yourself or we will do it for you," Klaus reminded him smacking his entire behind and not leaving a spot unattended to.
WHACK!Then, as Kol thrashed and begged for the spanking to stop, Klaus gave in and stopped. Klaus started rubbing his crimson and swollen behind gently and felt like weeping for hurting him. Kol seemed spent and exhausted. Klaus lifted him up to stand before him, he wrapped him in the towel and walked him to the bed. 

Kol tried to rub his sore backside, but was warned not to unless he wanted another good paddling.  Like a child, Klaus dressed Kol. When Kol protested, Klaus spanked him twice on his untouched thighs. When Klaus pulled on Kol's briefs, he hissed and whined as the snug fabric cling to his throbbing cheeks."I'm sure your bottom is very sore, that's what happens when you behave like a naughty brat," Klaus said sternly. Kol also whined when his soft cotton pajama bottoms were pulled up over his burning behind. "Now, stop fussing, mister. You act like a child, you get treated like a child. Understand?" Klaus asked. "Yes, Nik. I am sorry," Kol said in a tired voice. Klaus put him in the bed and tucked him in with a kiss to his forehead. Klaus got on the other side of the bed and pulled Kol into his arms, Klaus bit into his own hand. From this wound, he fed Kol.

"Drink from me. I fed long before coming up here. It will help heal you," Klaus reminded him. "Love you, always and forever," Kol whispered. "Me, too. little brother," Klaus answered. Elijah came upon them intertwined like that late in the night as he did his rounds.
  
    Chapter Text
    Kol woke up in Klaus's bed thinking that this down comforter was as close to heaven as he'd ever get. He should get one. Wonder how much it was, he thought. Then, he turned and felt his cotton briefs chafe against his raw backside. His eyes popped open. Groaning he carefully rolled out of bed and went to the bathroom. Turning and gently slipping down his pajama bottoms and underwear, he was shocked to see the sore red posterior peppered with bruises that greeted him. Sure, he had joked about getting a red arse, but with his vampire healing, that rarely lasted long. "I should burn that bloody thing," Kol muttered as his eyes fell on that cursed bath brush. Somehow it stung more than the paddle and hurt more deeply than the hairbrush. Evil thing.  He couldn't rightly say he hadn't deserved a bit of a smacking, but that thing had to go? As he stepped over to grab it, he saw the lotion Klaus had used on him. It was in a glass bottle and had a hand written label but he couldn't make out the script. Another of Nicole's concoctions? Instead of a healing salve, she made a slow healing cream. He guessed the last joke was on him. Kol did plan to have a word with Nik about this. Kol walked to Rebekah's room with his pants rubbing against his raw bottom. He looked behind him to make sure no one saw him rubbing his sore bottom. Damn that Nicole and her cream. Did Klaus know what that salve was? Elijah was sitting in the chair closest to Rebekah's bed. "Any change?" Kol asked hopefully."No, I'm sorry, Brother. She hasn't stirred all night," Elijah admitted. "You've been sitting here all night?" Kol asked, not sure why he was surprised. "I have. Here, you take over. I promised Klaus I would look for a tutor for the boys today," Elijah said picking up his book and newspaper."I might stand, if you don't mind," Kol said shyly. "Kol? What's going on?" Elijah said concerned. "Klaus said he fed you last night before bed. Let me see. I thought you were walking stiffly.""Nah, it's fine. I think Nik used some magical cream that Nicole made. My arse is stinging like a son of -," Kol stopped seeing Elijah's stern face"I'll be gentle," Elijah promised, a little alarmed."'lijah, come on, you all treat me like a baby," Kol whined as Elijah turned him and peeled down his sleep pants. Elijah vamped over to close the door."Watch this be the second that Bex wakes up!" Kol laughed uncomfortably. "Yes, then you can tell you all about how you got yet another spanking because of her," Elijah replied as her went to tug down Kol's snug white briefs. Kol hissed in pain. A moment later, Elijah gasped to see Kol's bruised backside and red thighs. "My god, Kol. I don't think you are healing at all. Niklaus needs to see this!" Elijah cautioned."No, Elijah, it's too embarrassing. Please don't," Kol begged, his face already scarlet."Kol, I don't think that is some magical cream. It could be a hex or a stronger spell. What if Mother did something to make us turn human?" Elijah offered fearfully.A moment later, Klaus came in and was horrified at the damaged backside he had produced after Kol's tantrum last night."Oh, Kol. I'm so sorry. I would have never paddled you so throughly if I knew you wouldn't heal. Forgive me," Klaus said guiltily."Nik, don't be upset. It aches and feels hot and itchy, but I'll live. You couldn't have known. Please isn't this what the lads feel after going-over?" Kol wondered. "No, this is abusive and cruel. I would never wish to left bruises on any of you which is why I use that lotion. I never had Nicole make something to slow healing. Never. Maybe we can get a sample of that to Bonnie to test?" Klaus asked."Just please don't tell us why. I think Bonnie may have a fancy for me and her knowing I still throw fits and get smacked and put to bed, may dull the romance," Kol offered. "Brother, we wouldn't say anything to embarrass you," Elijah swore. Kol had every right to be angry, yet he was trying to let Niklaus off the hook, Elijah was impressed with his maturity. He might have acted like a little boy last night, but today he was stepping up. "I suppose we need to test our healing," Elijah said to Klaus."Want me to grab Nik's favorite little round bat and whale on you two?" Kol asked lightly. "No, I think we'll try the knife. Your arse looks horrid," Klaus quipped. As they feared, the small cuts they made on their arms did not heal. Someone or something was preventing them from healing. ------------------------- Marcel was in over his head. Freya? This girl was saying she was Klaus' long lost dead sister? Her story made no goddamn sense to him. Frankly, he couldn't absorb it. He was haunted by Mary Alice's insanity and the betrayal in Astrid's eyes. The Fauline cottage was hell on earth. He really hoped this all worked to wake up Rebekah.  Marcel had his guys pick up him and "Freya" near the cottage and take them back to the compound. As Freya saw the place, she said, "I haven't been back here since the Christmas Party in 1912."Marcel's mind fractured more. He shouted out, "Yes, you were Kol's date! Rebekah pointed you out to me and said,'How in the devil do these pretty girls go out with my evil brother?' You were in the crowd.""Yes, I knew I was going to fall asleep for a hundred years. Kol let slip about the dowager and the paragon diamond and the rest is history," Freya said stuck in the past for a moment."Elijah told Klaus he told it was you. You talked to him in the old tongue? But he had never met you...so how?" Marcel was stumped. "I sent him dreams of me, really visions so he would know my face. I was going to reveal myself, but I was afraid...""Afraid of what?" Marcel prompted."Nothing. Tell me more of this curse upon my sister so I can work out a spell," Freya urged.  Later that day, the Regent dropped off her grand daughter. They were both in disguises and she had cloaked them in a magical shield. They both had hooded cloaks on which hid their faces and hands. "Mr. Mikaelson, or rather Gerald, as you now call yourself, this is my grand daughter Delphine Cloutier. Here is here violin and her suitcase. Her important documents and papers are all in this file folder. You will need to create a new identify for her. In return, I will cloak your family in Mystic Falls with the strongest magic available. While you stay there, the vampire who hunts vampires cannot find you. However, step out of Mystic Falls and the spell is over. It will start tomorrow, so you must hurry," the Regent said solemnly."Delphine, this is your chance to live a normal life. Remember all I have taught you. The Mikaelsons will tolerate no disobedience from you so do not test them, though that is your speciality. We will never see each other again in person, but I will forever be in your heart. Always wear the amulet. I mean it, girl. I could not save your mother, but I will not fail with you also. Mr. Gerald, thank you. Please take care of her and she will one day help many, many souls," the Regent said and before Marcel could respond, she disappeared. "Well, ah, so that's your grand mother? Wow, you can call me Marcel. We're going to be leaving soon, but let me get you something to eat. Ice cream?" Marcel said kindly. "Just get my bags and find me a tv. I don't eat lactose and I sure as hell wouldn't eat ice cream. Hurry up!" the girl snapped. Marcel just blinked in surprise at the pint-sized witch. "What?" Marcel said. Was she joking?"I said for you to pick up my bags and show me to a tv now. My show is on. Hurry the hell up!" the girl said throwing back her hood. Marcel was stunned to see the bright green eyes and shock of bright red hair in ringlets. The girl looked like a doll with her rosebud mouth and pale skin. "Yes, I know I'm beautiful. Get over it. If I have to repeat myself, I'm going to get mad," the little witch stomped her foot. A part of Marcel wanted to laugh, the other wanted to put her directly over his knee. Luckily, before he had to decide between the two, Freya intervened. "Delphine, is it? I'm Freya. Here, let me help you," Freya said smiling at Marcel sheepishly, like she had read his mind. "Finally, someone with some manners. You could use some fashion advice, if you don't mind. That dress is a little gross.  May I have some tea, please?" Delphine asked politely."Of course, dear, let me see what I can do. Rest here a moment," Freya said motioning to Marcel to join her in the kitchen. She did realized that a change of clothes was in order as her dress was in rags. "That chick is a holy terror!" Marcel whispered. "I can sense a few powerful magic in her.  How are we getting to Mystic Falls? Traveling with her might be difficult," Freya worried. "I took a page from Elijah's book and booked a private plane," Marcel said, glancing at the child from the kitchen to see her sitting there reading a book. "Good. I think I'm going to try a sleeping spell on her. I will need some ingredients and a change of clothes for myself. I don't want to meet my family like this," Freya shared. "Sure, I'll have one of my crew run out and get your whatever you need.  I have some last minute orders, I need to give them. Then, we are back to Mystic Falls for good. Also, I need to get Klaus some beignets or my life ain't worth a hill of beans when I get back there," Marcel laughed. "I like you, Marcellus. You're charming and kind. You didn't toss that little girl out the window! No wonder my sister loves you," Freya said kissing his cheek lightly. Marcel's face flushed and he again remembered he was doing it all for Rebekah.Just then, he heard Delphine scream at one of the vampires in the courtyard to get her an ipod charger. When the vampire ignored her, a small fire burst out and lit two of the trees on fire. Marcel grabbed the extinguisher and went out to put out the fire. ------------------Tyler elbowed Matt at dinner because Kol couldn't seem to stop squirming.  He laughed and mouthed, "Ass beat?" Matt didn't understand and mouthed, "You want his ass?" Tyler kicked Matt hard under the table and Matt flicked a green bean at him with his fork."Having fun, gentleman?" Elijah asked in dismay. "Sorry, he started it," Matt muttered.Tyler mouthed, "Fuck you" to Matt. "Tyler, you can skip dessert and go out and take out the garbage like you were supposed to do last night," Elijah corrected. "Fine. I don't like freakin' pie anyway," Tyler said getting up loudly. Elijah grabbed his arm to stop him as he stalked away. Elijah whispered in his ear, "Do we need to go in the guest room and have a discussion about this, young man?" Tyler's eye grew wide and he said, "Nope. I'm good. No, discussion needed." Elijah nodded and said, "Recycling, too, please."Klaus was downstairs with Mother and Finn trying to get information and feeding them for the night. If it seemed odd to the boys that the family had two other family members chained up downstairs, no one mentioned it.Jeremy, Matt, and Kol were talking about if Bonnie might be interested in Kol. Jeremy advised against it since she could turn a guy who made her angry inside out with her powerful Bennett line magic. Matt thought that Kol should just text her and see if she texted back. Elijah served the apple pie a la mode.  Tyler was getting mouth than a little mouthy. The brain book said to pick your battles, so Elijah was trying to not argue with him about little things. Klaus had promised to take the boys to a movie tomorrow afternoon to get them out of the house so that Elijah could throughly clean. Elijah was trying to be as careful as possible since their vampire healing was off. He already sliced his finger cutting apples and bumped his shin on the coffee table injuring himself. After dessert, Elijah set Matt and Jeremy to cleaning up and took Kol in the guest room to look for more salve. He thought he saw some in Nicole's closet.  "Here's some salve. Try this, " Elijah said handing it to Kol. Kol bared himself and hissed again as he started rubbing the salve into his bruised backside. "I hate to say it, but it looks worse," Elijah said sickened by the red, blue, and purple marks decorating Kol's whole behind. "Doesn't feel too good either. Can I suggest that someone throw that bloody bath brush in the bin?" Kol asked rubbing lightly. "Brother, I think that might not be a bad idea. You know, I think this might give you a get out of jail free card too. Niklaus feels awful," Elijah shared still digging through the cupboard. "He shouldn't. I don't like to say I was asking for a hidin', but I was," Kol confessed."We don't like to see you in pain. Sometimes we think to cause you a little hurt, to avoid a more serious one," Elijah said finding a small box. "I think I get it more now. I used to resent you two always bossing me around. But I see it more now, that you are just trying to protect us. Sorry for being so thick. Hey, what's that?" Kol asked painfully tugging up his pants. "I don't know," Elijah said opening it. It was a small poppet that looked like Rebekah."Another one?" Kol cried. ----------------------Marcel finally breathed a sigh of relief when they were in the air. True to her word, Freya put Delphine to sleep with the tea right before the flight. After starting a fire apparently with her mind, the little witch had kicked Diego hard in the shin, and spit on Thierry while he was playing his trumpet.  "What's wrong with her, Freya?" Marcel said pointing to the beautiful red haired child. "I really need to do more tests. Clearly, she's a spoiled brat, but I sense that there is more to it.  If her magic is wild or untethered, it becomes hard to control and dangerous. When that happened in the old days, the coven would often..." Freya stopped staring at the ground."Execute the witch?" Marcel finished. Freya nodded, "These witches can be very dangerous, especially to other witches. Vampires are often impervious to most of their spontaneous magic. Meaning magic done without a spell. I can train her, but it won't be easy. She would have to gain a control over her emotions.""Yeah, that's going to be a problem. Yet Elijah really loves music. He used to try to teach me the violin, but I always wanted to be out riding or playing with swords and shit," Marcel smiled. "Do you think they will like me?" Freya asked in a small voice."Of course, you're their sister. I mean, Klaus is paranoid and controlling. Elijah stuffy as hell and pretenious. Rebekah can be a little snotty and if I'm honest, a brat. Kol is wild and crazy, but really craves attention. I mean the regent said you were the only one who could break Rebekah's curse. They need you and will love you," Marcel promised.--------------------Elijah palmed the poppet and whispered, "Wake up, Sister!" At the same second, he heard Klaus yell, "She's up."Elijah vamped up to see Rebekah sitting up in bed. "Finally, Sister, you gave us quiet the scare," Elijah said feeling her head. "You must be very careful. Something happened to negate our healing. Bonnie and a few other witches are looking into it," Klaus added. "Oh yes, I must thank Bonnie and her friend, ah, Elaine, for their help," Rebekah said in a slow voice. "You mean, Elena?" Jeremy said from the doorway. Tyler and Matt were behind him saying hello."Yes, that one. Hello, boys," Rebekah said. "Can someone get me some blood please?" "Sure, Sister. You freshen up. We'll give you a minute to change or do whatever you need to do," Kol said. -----------------Marcel and Freya came back a short time later. Marcel was holding Delphine in his arms.Elijah saw Marcel and breathed out a sigh of relief. "Marcellus, thank god. You're safe. Who is this beautiful child? And you, can it be? Sister?" Elijah grasped. "It is me, Elijah. Your long lost sister. I've come to release Rebekah from the curse," Freya said. Marcel put Delphine in the guest room bed."But she's already awakened! Just a moment ago. I found this poppet and..." Elijah grasped."That's impossible. Freya is the only one who can lift the curse!" Marcel insisted.  Klaus and Kol vamped down. "She's gone. Rebekah must have fled out the window," Kol announced.Klaus grabbed Marcel and hugged him tightly. He pulled his head down so their foreheads were touching."I was so worried," Klaus admitted."I know, but I brought you beignets and someone who can help. The only person, actually." "I don't think that was Rebekah," Elijah announced. "Someone go check on Ester!" Klaus groaned, "Good thinking. But who are you, Love?" "I'm your other sister, Freya," Freya said quietly. "Why am I not surprised," Kol said under his breath remembering how he tried to shag her in 1919."Splendid. And we are supposed to believe that because?" Klaus growled. "Because it is true, Klaus. I went to see the Regent and she had quite a bit to tell me. I got Freya out of the Fauline cottage," Marcel said looking at Kol."Mary Alice? Astrid?" "Astrid has gone dark. She almost got me trapped there. And Mary Alice?" Marcel began."What? Is she dead?" Kol asked fearfully."No, she's running the place," Marcel admitted. Kol just nodded. His arse still ached terribly, his one sister was now possessed and missing, and now a new sister comes back from the dead. Just another Wednesday, he mused. He volunteered to check on Ester. She was now in a deep sleep like Rebekah. Whatever happened to Rebekah was her doing. "Bex, is that you in there? No worries, love. We're going to get you out," Kol said hoping Rebekah, whether now in Ester or not,  could hear him. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "If Mother did take control of Rebekah's body, would would she go?" Elijah thundered. He was tired of this. Couldn't they have peace at last?"Well, think about what Mother wants. To kill us and put us in mortal bodies. To do that, what does she need?" Klaus asked archly."Mystic blood," Elijah answered."Tell Jeremy to tell his sister that she is in danger," Klaus said as they raced out the door. ------------"Rebekah, how nice to see you. Come in," Elena said opening the door to her house. "Thank you, dear. I just wanted to thank you for your help the other week," the Ester/Rebekah lilted. "Of course. Your family has been so kind in helping my brother, it was the least I could do," Elena said graciously. "We love to take in orphans these days," Ester laughed. "Can I get you a drink?" Elena said opening the frig."Sure, I've been awfully parched. I hate to impose, but I'm afraid I'm feeling a little weak in this body," Ester said as she bared Rebekah's fangs and vamped to Elena. She snapped off Elena's vervain necklace, which looked like a talisman she had long ago, no matter. She tore her fangs into the doppelgänger's throat and drank deeply. A moment later Ester was choking and heaving on the floor. She knocked over a kitchen chair and clawed at her burning throat. Elena yelled, "You are invited in!" but Ester didn't look back."You bitch! All I want to do is save this from this abomination. You will curse the day you were born. I will keep you alive and drain..." Ester slumped to the ground as Klaus snapped his sister's neck."Sorry, love. I'll make that up to you," he quipped. "Are you alright, Miss Gilbert?" Elijah asked concerned. He offered her his wrist to heal her. She hoped Stefan wouldn't be angry, but she drank."Yes, now I am. Thanks for the head's up. I keep extra vervain everywhere I can just in case. It comes in handy in this town," Elena explained. "Indeed. If you don't mind, we'll take our mother/sister home and try to get this sorted out. Thank you again," Elijah said taking Rebekah's body and vamping away. "Mr. Mikaelson, can I have a word?" Elena said to Klaus. "Of course, my dear," Klaus said picking up a chair Ester had knocked over when attacking Elena. "I wanted to say thank you for taking care of Jeremy. He really needed a family like yours right now. Jeremy always got a lot of attention from our mom, but she tended to baby him and let him get away with a lot. He told me about the drugs and I think if you all weren't there, he'd slip right back into it," Elena admitted honestly. "Well, I hope the next time he looked at marijuana, he is remind of the sore backside he received for his efforts. I know that is old-fashioned now, but you know we are a bit older than most parents," Klaus smiled. "I know. He is lucky to have you. I know you have to go," Elena said kissing his cheek in thanks. "You are welcome anything for however long you like, Miss Gilbert," Klaus said and then vamped out of the house. --------------------Freya only paused a second when she saw Ether's body. She simply said, "She sold me to the worst person in the world, her sister Dahlia. This woman ceased to become my mother that day." "I'm so sorry, Freya. I'm not sure if anyone told you, but Finn is downstairs. I think he has lost his sanity. Mother used him to try to help her kill us.  We can arrange for you to see him tomorrow, okay," Elijah said gently.They put Rebekah's body next to that of Ester's as Freya started the spell. "I'm going to reverse the effects of this golem that Ester used to control Rebekah's spirit first. This should also reinstate your vampire healing as I think Ester may have done, or had someone done, a type of linking spell in order to be able to kill you all more easily. Ówô ba a se èdìdì.Then, I will switch the bodies. This may take a few days.  I will need candles, salt, sacred oils, a knife," Freya started. "You shall have whatever you need. But first, I think you need to get some rest. Since Delphine is in the guest room, we're clearing the room next to the boys for your bedroom. In truth, I suspect that Klaus will just let Marcel and Rebekah share a room. The boys are loud and rambunctious and though all the rooms are sound proofed, the vibrations of their music can be heard through the walls. Now, let's get you to bed," Elijah said leading her upstairs. "Thank you, that spell did take a lot out of me. I should check on Delphine first," Freya said looking fragile and weakened. "No, please, allow me to," Elijah asked. "She's a very volatile child. I'm sure Marcel can fill you in more later," Freya said carefully. Marcel went up to take a shower and unpack. He was planning to guard Rebekah's body overnight. "Really, she looks so sweet and peaceful. An angel, really?" Elijah said puzzled "I've only known her a few hours, but I put her into that sleep. It should be wearing off about now," Freya said as Elijah heard a crash.-------------Delphine took her doll and smashed it into the mirror shattering it. Her grandmother had stuck it in her suitcase taking up valuable space. She had told Nana that she didn't play with dolls anymore. Damn her. Elijah vamped down to the guest room and found the doll decapitated and the little girl trying to rip off the arm. "So you do not like dolls?" Elijah said sitting down on the bed. "No, I hate them. I told my grandmother that and she hid that in my suitcase anyway," Delphine huffed. "And your grandmother is the Regent?" Elijah asked carefully."Yes, so you better be nice to me or else I'll tell her and she'll turn you into a mouse!" Delphine growled. "A mouse! Oh my, well, I shall certainly try not to offend thee, Miss-?"Elijah asked expectantly. "You may call me Mademoiselle Cloutier, but my grandmother called me Delphine. She said we would never see each other again," she said with a touch of sorrow."Mademoiselle, my name is Elijah Mikaelson. Maybe I escort you to the kitchen for a snack. I apologize for the delay, we had a bit of a situation. You seem to have missed dinner," Elijah said holding out her hand.The red head sneered at his hand and walked out first into the nearby kitchen.Elijah chuckled, he had met queens with less entitlement than this young witch. Yet something about her tugged at his long dead heard. --------------------Marcel came out of the shower to find Klaus sitting on the bed. His head was in his hand. "This Freya you brought home said that Rebekah is going to be fine in a few days," Klaus said lightly."That's what the Regent said, that she was the only one who could save Rebekah. I wrote down a list of the stuff she told me to tell you. Some of it I didn't understand. She said she met you when she was a little girl and got a vision or something. It's all on the paper," Marcel said handling Klaus a single sheet of paper. "A seer. That is rare, even in a witch. Tell me about the girl," Klaus pressed. "I don't know much, but the witches were going to execute her. And people say vampires are vicious. We don't kill kids. The grandmother said we need to change her name and keep her here in Mystic Falls. In return, the Regent will cloak us as long as we stay here. She said it is the most powerful spell she can do. Freya put her to sleep on the plane because the kid started a fire with her mind and attacked two of my guys at the compound," Marcel laughed a little, showing his white teeth."What, Son?" Klaus said, happy to see Marcel smile. "You got your wish. I had to step down as the King of New Orleans. My guys will run things. I'll be here if they need me, but I'm not going back," Marcel said not sure how Klaus was going to react. Klaus got up and vamped to pull Marcel in a tight hug. "Thank you, Marcellus. Elijah spoke to me. We decided that you and Rebekah may take her rooms as your quarters. Freya can move into this room. No more sneaking around in cheap motel rooms," Klaus offered. Marcel was humbled. "Thank you, Klaus. I'm sorry about disobeying you, but I had to get help for Rebekah," Marcel admitted softly."What if you had gotten trapped in that blasted Fauline cottage? Hmm, la Rue is a powerful regent with the ancestors of all nine covens on her side. She could have sealed you in there for eternity. Doesn't that scare you?" Klaus said shaking him a little. "Yes, Papa. I'm sorry. It won't happen again. It was terrible," Marcel admitted cringing at the memory of being chained down on that bed without his vampire strength. Before he realized what was happening, Marcel was turned over Klaus' knee. "Did you talk to Kol about his punishment for hiding your nefarious escape?" Klaus said situating Marcel's body to rest on the bed. The towel wrapped around his waist fell off in the struggle and Marcel realized he was naked. Klaus arranged the towel over his lap and Marcel on top of it."I'm going to get your suit all wet, Klaus. Let me up. I didn't even dry off," Marcel protested weakly. "Oh, I'll let you up after you promise to never run away almost getting yourself killed again and with a red, hot behind. Kol got paddled right out of the tub for his part in your disobedience. I"m afraid I didn't realize we weren't healing and wore him out with my bath brush on his wet rear. I did come prepared to give you a similar punishment," Klaus explained. "What? We're still not healing?" Marcel exclaimed in panic."Freya said we should restart tomorrow. So that gives this lesson a while longer to sink in," Klaus said now patting his bottom with his hand. "Just do it and get it over already. I have better things to do than get my butt rubbed by you," Marcel sassed, but accepting the pillow Klaus gave him to bury his head in. "Oh, soon you'll be begging for a lighter touch," Klaus said bringing his palm down hard against both of Marcel's cheeks. Crack!Marcel was angry and vowed not to react, healing or no healing. "Fine, spank me like a little kid. I faced worse. This is ridic-," Marcel started as Klaus lifted his hand higher and swatting the center of his left, then right cheeks. Smack. Smack. "Ah," Marcel blurted out softly. Klaus started spanking faster, but lighter. He wanted to be careful not to bruise him like he did Kol yesterday. Klaus was holding Marcel with his left arm and pulled him in closer to continue the brisk spanking.  Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!Marcel's legs jerked a little. The slight dampness of his behind had increased the sting greatly. Spank! Spank! Spank!  "Starting to feel it, eh?" Klaus said smacking now in a random pattern.Marcel was feeling a hot, stinging that was increasing with each whack. With two particularly strong smacks to his sit spots, Marcel felt propelled forward and had to clasp his hands together to avoid his hand reaching back.  Klaus paused and Marcel breathed a sigh of relief that it was over. "I'm sorry. I learned my lesson, Klaus. You can stop now," Marcel said sharply. He was fighting now to wiggle his sore behind. "Oh, Son. That was just the warm up. I thought that it would be poetic to paddle you with Rebekah's hairbrush. I found it right on top of your dresser," Klaus quipped referring to the brush that Marcel gave to Bonnie to help track Rebekah the night they went to look for her at the wolf cave. "No, Klaus, it already hurts more. Remember, I'm not healing," Marcel whined, frustrated with himself that he had left that damn hairbrush out in plain site. "I'm going to smooth this salve on which should allow your sore bottom to take a much longer licking. Now, it may make your behind more sensitive, but maybe you will think of that the next time I tell you no," Klaus said unscrewing the cap to the salve. Marcel felt a moment of relief as the cool gel like substance was smoothed over his sore trembling cheeks. Klaus also applied a fair amount to his thighs. Then, to his chagrin, Marcel felt the cool smooth back of the heavy hair brush patting his cheeks. "No!" he yelled as he felt Klaus raised the brush up and pop it down on the center of his behind three times in a row. Whap! Whap! Whap!Klaus did the same three swat technique for the right check and then left. Then, he lower the brush and lined it up with where Marcel's backside met his thighs. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!Marcel howled and threw his hand back as his feet kicked up and down on the bed. Klaus pinned his hand and continued to swat her red behind firmly. "Marcel, why am I spanking you right now?" Klaus said pausing a moment to pat his son's behind with the brush."I disobeyed you. You told me not to go and I snuck out after you told me no," Marcel answered trembling and fearing the next smack on his burning hind end. "Yes, you do. It hurts me when you lie and don't trust me. I'm going to show you how much," Klaus said. He swatted the brush down five times in the center of each cheek. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop!Klaus still had Marcel's hand pinned but he couldn't stop Marcel from trying to twist and thrash to escape the painful pops. Marcel's behind looked red and swollen, but Klaus thought they still had a little further to go. Klaus again smoothed the brush in small circles and said, "Is there anything you want to tell me?" Spank! 
Klaus gave him one more hard smack with the brush and put it down. "It hurts. But-P-papa, I would do it again...I can't live without her," Marcel sobbed. "I thought you might say that," Klaus admitted. "Is there anything the seer told you that you didn't share?" Klaus spanked Marcel's sit spots firmly, afraid to hear the answer. "Tell me, or you will sit at your desk writing lines until dinner tonight on your sore bottom. You never liked doing that as a boy, did you? I recall you especially didn't like sitting on your bare behind writing lines," Klaus chuckled."No, I don't want to tell you. Marcellus, if I have to paddle you again,  I will, but your bottom is looking quite sore right now. I am loathe to have you bruise like Kol did," Klaus admitted picking up the heavy hairbrush and again patting Marcel's rear with it. Marcel felt a little gush of air as Klaus lifted the brush and shouted, "Okay! I'll tell you." Klaus brought down the hairbrush in a light tap. "Young man, you are sorely testing my patience," Klaus said raising the brush and swatting Marcel's thighs twice. "Ouchhhhh. She said I should kill the doppelgänger myself to spare us all a lot of heartache and death. It's Jeremy's sister!" Marcel sobbed pitifully. Klaus pulled him up into his lap. Marcel hissed as his bare seat came into contact with the bath towel on Klaus's lap. Klaus shifted him so no pressure was on his bottom. Marcel put his head on Klaus' shoulder and wept as Klaus patted him on the back."Shhh, no one is going to kill the doppelgänger. I promise you.  I would never do that to Jeremy. Were you afraid I was going to kill her? She's part of this family now. She just thanks me for taking care of her brother. I will do whatever I can to protect her," Klaus asked gently, rocking him and patting his back. When Marcel didn't answer, Klaus raised his hand and popped Marcel on the thigh. "Yes! I'm sorry. I didn't know what you would do," Marcel's face was a mess. Klaus pulled some tissues out of the box on the bedside table and cleaned off his face as Marcel's hands frantically rubbed his sore backside. "Papa, it hurts so bad. I can't take it," Marcel wailed. Klaus set him on his feet. Marcel jumped from foot to foot trying to rub out the sting. Klaus flipped the duvet down and the sheets, and he tossed the tear covered pillow cover in the laundry. He gave Marcel a minute to try to stop rubbing. "Get in, Son," Klaus said in a low voice. Marcel got in on his stomach and Klaus put the light sheet over him. Marcel hissed a little when he felt the sheet and Klaus rubbed his back for a while."Thank you for telling me the truth," Klaus whispered. Marcel sniffed and said, "I never wanted to hurt you. I love you, Papa.""I love you, too. And Marcellus, thank you for the beignets, they were excellent. Now go to sleep and I'll come get you up before dinner. Elijah is making Italian tonight."
Klaus kissed the top of his head and softly closed the door.
  
    Chapter Text
    "Who are the hell are you?" Delphine heaved, almost running into Jeremy in the kitchen."Hello, I'm Jeremy. Who might you be?" Jeremy chirped, smiling at the little girl. Delphine raised her headless doll to strike him with it, but Elijah vamped in and caught it. Delphine glanced at the ancient vampire with distrust, but said nothing. She yanked her headless doll back and tossed it in the trash."Jeremy, please meet Mademoiselle Delphine Cloutier, a recent arrival from New Orleans. She will be staying with us. Delphine, have a seat at the counter," Elijah dictated indicating the closest child. "Was she just going to hit me with that headless doll?" Jeremy asked Elijah, getting a bottle of water from the refrigerator. "Yo, Jer, grab me one!" Matt yelled from the great room situated below. "Matthew, Tyler, come meet Delphine," Elijah said pouring her a glass of milk."I don't do lactose!" Delphine spued pushing the glass away and almost knocking it down."Delphine, this is Tyler here with the dark hair. And Matt, please say hello," Elijah introduced. He quickly removed the milk and gave Delphine a bottle of water. She unscrewed it and took a drink."So is this like an orphanage for freaks or something?" Delphine accused looking up and down at Matt and Tyler. "Ah, hi to you, too," Tyler said looking at Elijah in confusion.Elijah laughed, "No this is not an 'orphanage' or any such thing. Why do you ask?" Elijah said checking the oven and looking back over at her curiously. "It's pretty clear that none of these kids are related and this place is the size of a hospital. Not that I know what it looks like from the outside since I was brought in unconscious. Say, where is that lady who drugged me? I thought she was nice, but just another witch, I guess," Delphine shrilled, getting more angry with each word. "Delphine, from what I understand from Marcel, your grandmother asked us to be your guardians to keep you safe. Other than that, I know nothing of your life or circumstances," Elijah said starting to make a salad. "Well, for starters, I hate vampires. Nana says they are an abomination against nature, demons in flesh suits. I don't go to school, but have private tutors. I play the violin and I could burn all of you to cinders with my mind. More water, please," Delphine ordered, holding out her arm. "On that note, I think we'll start to set the table," Matt said picking up a stack of plates and glancing fearfully at the red haired girl glaring at him."Thank you, gentleman," Elijah said as he chopped slices of cucumber and put them in the salad bowl. "Delphine, my dear, this might come as a shock to you but you cannot burn my siblings or me to ash. Well, I suppose you could try to burn our eldest sister, Freya, but she is a witch like you and I would not suggest it. Some of us, may not mind if you tried on our eldest brother Finn, but in the end you would be disappointed. We are the Original vampires and we cannot be destroyed. Sorry to disappoint you. I would ask that you refrain from any acts of attempted murder because the boys are mortal. Now, I would like to hear more about your violin playing. Did you bring you violin with you?" Elijah coaxed. "No," Delphine retorted. "And why is that?" Elijah pressed her while chopping tomatoes into cubes. "I got mad and hit someone with it. It broke," Delphine huffed. "Ah, excuse me. Do you want us to put the bread out?" Tyler interrupted making a face after hearing how Delphine pummeled someone with a violin. Elijah was about to ask if her grandmother taught her the violin, then he remembered hearing about how she was hexed with crippled hands. Those twisted swollen fingers haven't held a bow since. "Yes, Tyler, that would be splendid," Elijah remarked. To Delphine, he lectured, "Well, that is not very nice.""I'm not a very nice girl," Delphine smiled."You seem proud of that, my dear. In some places, not very nice girls and boys get their backsides spanked," Elijah noted."Yeah, that's illegal so I would just have them arrested, or I'd just fry them," Delphine said."Spanking a naughty child is not illegal in this house, young lady, so I suggest you behave yourself," Elijah stopped and looked at her a minute.Delphine laughed and asked, "Yeah, right. Where's that guy who brought me her? The vampire boss?" "Marcel? He's probably with my sister Rebekah. Are you hungry? We're having lasagna," Elijah said tossing the salad and setting it aside. "I don't eat lasagna," Delphine said. "Delphine, you can tell me what you like later and I will try to get it for you, but for tonight please try to eat something new. Okay?" Elijah smiled. "No," she said simply. "Then, you can go to bed hungry, though that would be a shame. Some people think I'm a decent cook," Elijah smiled. "I thought vampires only drank blood?" Delphine asked with suspicion. "We can eat and our hearts actually do beat, just much slower than humans. To survive, vampires do need varying amounts of human or animal blood. Does that upset you?" Elijah asked causally, as he took the pasta out. "No, I think it's kind of cool. But Nana said that drinking blood is against nature," Delphine repeated. "Yes, you mentioned that. Now my brother Niklaus and the others will be down soon. I think it best that you mind your best manners and do not threaten to incinerate anyone at the table. Do you understand me, Delphine?" Elijah asked carefully."Yeah, whatever," Delphine said tossing her water bottle near the trash and missing. "You can pick that up and then we'll talk tonight. I'm going to clean up that broken glass in your room," Elijah said turning toward the room. Delphine made no attempt to move to pick up the bottle. Elijah turned and crouched down to talk to her on eye level. He thought about what his parenting book would say, she wasn't a teenager, but he figured he would go with patience and understanding."I know this must be very hard for you. You don't know us, we are strangers, you are far from home. I will be here for you when you need me to talk or to help you with things. You have to cooperate from your end and do your part to help yourself. We'll talk more before you go to bed, but for now you need to listen. Put the bottle in the trash, please. I will not ask you again," Elijah said with a stern expression."Fine," Delphine muttered crossing her arms looking annoyed as the water bottle rose up and went into the garbage on its own.------------------------Klaus found Marcel getting dressed when he came in. "I thought I'd have to wake you up, you seemed exhausted," Klaus observed."I guess that little nap was just what I needed, hmm? I wanted to check in on the girl and I was hoping Rebekah was awake," Marcel said buttoning his shirt. "I hope so. You know I'm going to have to have a little chat with her about a few things when she's feeling up to it," Klaus admitted. "I figured. I'm not saying that she is without faults. I don't like it, but I know it's how you keep her safe. We've done some pretty dumb stuff in our time. I won't interfere," Marcel smiled revealing his white teeth. "I know you said you were going to check on the girl, but I think Elijah is with her.  I'm not sure what you think, but maybe it would be nice for him to have a child of his own," Klaus suggested. "Honestly, Klaus, the girl seems like The Bad Seed. I think if you or Elijah doesn't take her in hand, we're gonna have to lock her up in the dungeon with Finn. Seriously, I may have been able to rule New Orleans, but I don't think I can handle that kid," Marcus admitted. "Good. From what I overheard they seemed...well-matched. He always liked a challenge. How are you feeling?" Klaus inquired nervously. He hated it when his son was in pain, especially when he caused it. "Well, this no-healing thing is pretty bad. I guess my butt hasn't stung this bad since Elijah caught Kol and me with those fancy ladies in the stables at New Year's. I think that was my last whuppin' when I was human, right?" Marcel said rubbing his behind a little. "No, it was when you took off with that drunken pirate and I couldn't find you for three days. I took a riding crop to your britches right there on that dock. You were so angry after that you wouldn't speak to me for a week. I guess I thought you were finally too old for it. Then, what did you do? Went on got yourself killed," Klaus mused. "I'm sorry I brought it up, but to answer your question, I'm looking forward to our healing being restored. I mean, you really lit into me with that brush," Marcel whined."Behave and that will be the last time," Klaus said walking out. "I've heard that one before," Marcus retorted. ------------Dinner that night was a lively affair. Freya was still sleeping. Marcel and Kol were shifting painfully on the hard wooden seats and the boys were wondering what was with the new little red haired girl."So Delphine, tell us what you like to do for fun? Do you like sport? Dance? Do tell," Klaus said trying the lasagna. "Divine, as usual, Brother," he said to Elijah who was pleased. "Sorry, love, Delphine, you were saying?" Klaus prompted. "I didn't say anything. Why do you talk so weird?" she groused. "Well, I'm 1000 years old. Did you the word "cloutier" is French for nail? They used to get a rod of say, wrought iron. Then, heat it, hammer it to a point on one end and then flatten it on that other end," Klaus stated factually. "You're weird," Delphine said. "Ah, would anyone like more?" Elijah said loudly."Brother, I don't think the lass gives a fig about nail making. You're putting her to sleep," Kol chided."Well, Cloutier is her last name. I just wondered if her grandmother told her that is all," Klaus faltered.  "I'm sorry, you're right. What is everyone doing tomorrow?" "I think the weight room guy was bringing some equipment tomorrow morning, right? Maybe we can finally work out down there," Tyler said grabbing seconds. "That would be awesome!" Matt exclaimed. "Yeah, I just hope you two don't get muscle bound," Jeremy replied. "Oh, you're working out with us, Gilbert. Believe you me," Tyler promised pointing at him with a breadstick. "None of you, lads want to hit the Grill tomorrow? I think Bonnie is probably expecting me. I don't want to disappoint the ladies," Kol announced. "Remember the new tutor is coming around noon. With Delphine here, his schedule will be rather busy. I will expect all of you to be here," Elijah cautioned. "Not me, too, Elijah!" Kol drawled. "Yes, Kol, I want you there. He is giving an assessment first to see your strengths and weaknesses," Elijah explained. "Bloody hell, fine. I'll be there," Kol affirmed. "Language," Klaus said eyeing Delphine. "Don't worry about me. Swearing doesn't bother me. I swear all the bloody time!" Delphine boasted. "See?" Klaus said to Kol."Aye, sorry. Delphine, don't take after me, love. Well, unless you want to be in trouble all the time," Kol smiled at her."Truer words were never spoken. If you will all excuse me, I'm going to go creepily watch over our sleeping beauty downstairs. Thanks, Elijah. It was excellent," Marcel affirmed walking to the door that led to the basement levels."What's down there?" Delphine asked."Nothing, just laundry and..." Klaus started. "A few dungeons," Kol muttered. "Kol, that is quite enough," Elijah scolded shooting daggers at him with his eyes. Delphine squealed with laughter and the boys joined in."There's a weight room down there now, too," Tyler added, trying to be helpful, but everyone started laughing again. ----------------------Elijah helped put Delphine to bed in the guest room. He wanted to ask her about her special powers, but knew she was tired. Telekinesis was something he had never seen in someone so young. "Boys, we'll clean up here. It's getting late. Why don't you go get ready for bed?" Elijah said waiting to talk to his brothers alone about Delphine. "Kol, stay a moment please?" Elijah implored."I'm sorry, Elijah. I wasn't trying to be cheeky and I'm still sore as-" "Kol, it's not that, in the kitchen earlier, Delphine levitated a water bottle and put it in the garbage. Have you ever seen telekinesis that strong?" Elijah asked with a frown.Kol exhaled relieved that he wasn't in trouble and thought back, "Honestly, no. I mean I've seen it as part of spells and in certain states of emotion, but never just to move something without help. That would be something...very different," Kol attested, now frowning himself. Klaus wondered, "Is she safe to have around the boys? What if she got angry and decided to toss them down the stairs? She could cripple someone.""Perhaps that is why the witches wanted her dead," Elijah postulated. "No, that's not it," Freya said from behind, "I think it is worse than that." Kol said, "Woman, don't you ever sleep? You need your strength to help Rebekah." "You're sweet, but I'll be fine. And that's "Sister" to you, Little Brother," Freya started, "I think Delphine might be the reincarnation of a witch of great power. There was a prophecy that if fulfilled, could destroy all nine covens in New Orleans about an evil witch born twice with all the sacred powers." "What's the prophecy? I'm not sure I believe in all this nonsense. She's just a child, albeit a child who can levitate things and threatened to burn us all into piles of ash in causal conversation," Elijah stressed.Klaus was alarmed, "She what? What the devil is going on?""I'm not sure anyone knows. The witches had to believe something very strongly to want to kill this witch instead of harvesting her power. I need to start training her," Freya begged. "Let me help you," Kol said. "I may not be able to do magic anymore, but I've trained many witches in my time." "No dark objects, Kol," Klaus warned. "Nik, I've learned my lesson. You blokes can count on me. Sister, shall we get started?" Kol asked eagerly."Kol, it's time for bed. You know how you get when you are cranky," Elijah cautioned as he started slacking dishes in the dishwasher. Kol's backside was still sore enough for him not to argue, though he was a little miffed about being sent to bed in front of Freya."Thank you, Kol. Yes, let's start tomorrow. I'm actually going to bed now, too. Good night," Freya said. Klaus looked at Elijah and said, "What the bloody hell did we get into with this girl? If she is any threat to Marcel and the others..."Elijah promised, "Let me handle her. A little patience, some discipline, some bonding, and boom, no more scary witch."Klaus raised his eyebrows and started to help his brother clean up the dishes. "She's all yours, Brother," Klaus confirmed. 
  
    Chapter Text
    The next weeks passed quickly and in chaos. Rebekah awoke but was still exhausted by the spell. She and Marcel spent much of their time in their new quarters. Marcel was fascinated by her rotating shoe closet and played with it when he thought no one was looking. He made sure that the hair brush was kept in the drawer as his mind kept flashing back to when Klaus caught him coming out of the shower. He wondered if Rebekah knew she was in for it soon, she was a Mikaelson, so he supposed she did.  Freya avoided Ester and Finn in favor of starting to train Delphine. She made her a tea that blocked some of her volatile powers, like the fire starting and moving objects with her mind. Freya realized that the girl knew little of basic magic and that she had her hands full. At times, she worried she was becoming Dahlia as she repeated some familiar phrases that her aunt said to her. She even had Delphine start a little herb garden where Nicole had once had a flower bed. Freya found a place in town to buy her herbs and Bonnie helped her procure the rare ones she needed to make the blocking tea for Delphine. Klaus showed her another floor of the "basement" area. It looked like a lab, but it was fire proof and she could practice magic more safety here. She wondered what other secrets Klaus had.  The new tutor, Mr. Renhauer, that Elijah engaged had found that Matthew was rather behind academically. His work schedule and lack of parental assistance had caused him to copy most of his school work from friends. Tyler was very bright in math and sciences, whereas Jeremy showed promise in the humanities. From reviewing their school performance, all three had done poorly the previous year with all the drama in Mystic Falls. Elijah aimed to change that. Alas, university time was around the corner. The tutor suggested that Delphine get a separate tutor as she had tore up the assessment multiple times. He had also suggested a psychologist for troubled youths. Elijah and Klaus discussed it and Klaus reminded Elijah that if she revealed too much or hurt the doctor, it would probably create more issues. Klaus encouraged him to follow his gut, as he had always done before. Elijah sat in on many of the magic lessons when he had time. It also gave him a chance to get to know Freya better. Klaus seemed to accept her more, but was not 100% convinced she was their long, lost sister.  Klaus was spending more time talking to Finn down below. Elijah wasn't sure what was happening there. Ester was out of it and Klaus moved her to a padded cell where she couldn't hurt herself. He was tempted to let Delphine try her powers of incineration on his Mother. But Klaus thought about how Marcel thought he was a danger to the doppelgänger, Elena. The old Klaus may have killed her, but he would no longer kill innocents. Klaus was born anew and he valued the lives of humans now, he would let Mother live a while longer. And Elena? This girl was now family. Even turning her to save her life seemed monstrous.  On a dreary Friday, Klaus came up from sitting with Finn and thought to check on the boys. He could tell Elijah was getting a tad frustrated with their sloth and general laziness. It had been raining and they had been penned up the last few days. The tutor set them an hour of two of lessons they were to complete before doing anything else in the morning. Since they all had different work, Matt couldn't copy off of anyone. However, that didn't mean he didn't try to get them to "help" him a little."Jer, if you do this algebra, I'll do your dishes tonight, man. I mean, if I do go into law enforcement, why do I need math?" Matt whined throwing his pencil on the desk."Dude, I can help you, but I'm not doing all of it. Renhauer said if he caught us cheating again he was talking to Uncle Elijah or Dad. What are you stuck on?" Jeremy said exasperated. Tyler smirked as he stood behind Matt and grabbed his notebook. "It looks like he is stuck on number 1! Man, what have you been doing over here? We've been working for 45 minutes," Tyler probed. "Fuck off, man. I was...Are you two assholes going to help me or not?" Matt really didn't have an answer."Matthew, I sincerely hope you don't speak like that every time I am not around!" Klaus said popping in through the open door."Shit. I mean, sorry, Dad. I'm just frustrated," Matt admitted, not even caring if he got into trouble. "What's going on?" Klaus asked. "I just don't see the point of doing this. It's like useless. Why do I need algebra? Plus, I'm too dumb. I'm just too fucking dumb," Matt yelled knocking his textbook to the floor."Boys, can I talk to your brother alone please? You can go work in the game room," Klaus asked looking at Tyler and Jeremy who were already gathering up their stuff. They had put some desks in the game room and a table for the tutoring sessions. Elijah thought they should take out the ping pong table and the arcade machines, but Klaus said to leave them in until they had another place for them. "Matt, you still want to be a police officer, correct?" Klaus asked, knowing the answer."Of course, I want to help people," Matt said automatically."That is a noble aspiration. But in order to get there, you need to graduate high school and complete a few years at community college. You will also have to pass some tests that have mathematics on them. Also, you may need to know things that you hadn't anticipated. Learning something is never lost. I want you to apply yourself a little more. If not, I'm going to apply my hand to your behind every time you slack," Klaus smiled, not really joking. "Dad, that's not funny, but I get it. I guess I'm just being lazy. It was easier to pick up another shift at the Grill then stay home alone while my mom was out boozing. I never really got into the habit of homework. I just don't want to do it," Matt admitted. "Son, there are many things in life you have to do even when you don't feel like it, even for 1000 year old vampires. It's not too late for you to learn that, but I don't want to hear you abusing Tyler and Jeremy because this comes easier to them.  You are going to stay home this afternoon and work on this with Mr. Renhauer," Klaus said calmly. "No, we're meeting the girls at the Grill to hang out. That's bullshit," Matt yelled, surprising Klaus with an attitude he didn't usually see in Matt.Klaus vamped over and stood Matt up and bent him over slightly after turning him to the side. Keeping him in place with his left arm.Crack! Crack! Crack!Klaus swatted the center of each cheek and gave him the hardest whack in the center. Matt danced and tried to cover his smarting rump with his hand."Dad, no! Please!" Matt begged."Let's try this again. You will stay home this afternoon and complete your schoolwork. What say you?" Klaus repeated calmly.Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!Matt stomped his feet to try to contain the blaze."Okay, fine. It's stupid but I'll do it," Matt promised in a high voice. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!Matt hopped and tried to straighten up as he got five more hard spanks this time on his sit spots. "I was going to send you to the corner but I think sitting on your sore behind will remind you whom you are speaking with. I'm going to be back up to check on you. Now back to work," Klaus said, smacking him twice across both checks as Matt jumped up covering his rear. Matt had unshed tears in both eyes, but wasn't crying. His jeans had provided some protection, but he still couldn't help but clutch his bottom in fear that he would get a few more smacks. "Pick up your materials, Matthew. Now sit!" Klaus indicated the hard wooden chair in front of the desk. "I think I'd rather standing in the-" Matt started but launching into the chair when Klaus went to spank him again. "Owww. It..s-sorry," Matt said again trying to rub his sore behind. "Matthew, book open and pencil moving or next time I'm getting the wooden paddle," Klaus warned sternly. Matt trembled as it has been a while since any of them even got threatened with a spanking. It seemed like Elijah especially had been giving them extra chores instead of swats, and he even took Tyler's phone away when he caught him on it at night for a day. Jeremy got sent to bed early a few times for smarting off. They started to think that spankings were a thing of the past. Wrong again. "Yes, sir," Matt said shifting a little to try to alleviate the ache. "Good. I love you, Son. You're going to get through this and I'll help you even if it takes more than a tutor and a few whacks on the seat of your pants to accomplish it. Now, no more pouting and get to work," Klaus promised, walking out leaving the door open. Klaus stopped into the game room and saw Tyler and Jeremy working studiously. They must have overheard the impromptu smacking."Matthew will not be going to the Grill with you. Make sure all of your chores are done before you go, okay?" Klaus said looking over their shoulders to check their work. "I'm going to my mom's office to have lunch with her, if that's okay," Tyler proposed. "That's lovely. Why don't you cut some flowers from the garden that Nicole planted on the side? She would love that. Jeremy, are you seeing your sister and Bonnie?" Klaus inquired, thinking about doppelgängers and the danger Elena was in. "Yes, I think her boyfriend is coming too, maybe my Aunt Jenna," Jeremy said chewing on his pen. "Don't chew on that, you could choke. Here's some cash. Don't spend it all at once," Klaus said giving them both a wad of hundreds."Dad, this is too much," Jeremy said feeling guilty. 
"Son, I just want to make sure you are all taken care of. Have fun. And bring umbrellas!" Klaus cautioned. Jeremy and Tyler looked at each other and laughed. Umbrellas? Really?--------------------Elijah and Freya stared at the little girl hard. "Try again, Delphine," Freya said. "This shield spell could save your life, dear. Say another witch tried to come at you with fire or electricity, you could make a shield for yourself," Elijah coaxed gently."Fine, I'll try the incantation. Scutum!" Delphine said raising her hands. "Elijah, can you try to breach it?" Freya asked. Elijah tried and could not get through the circle for a second until Delphine's concentration fled. "It worked!" Delphine laughed and clapped with delight. Her lovely red curls flew up and down."Excellent," Freya said. "That's a start. Now let's try it with you holding it for a little longer.""No, I'm done! I want to go outside," Delphine said baring her teeth and crossing her arms. "Delphine, you've been working on this for but five minutes. Plus, it's raining. Come now, one more time," Elijah said. "I said 'NO!'"Delphine said physically pushing Elijah and going to shove Freya. For a split second, she gripped Freya's arm hard enough to bruise it. Elijah vamped over and caught her easily. Freya looked a little frazzled as she had never had dealings with many people, especially a person as hostile as Delphine. Maybe Dahlia wasn't so bad after all, she mused."Are you ready to calm down?" Elijah said leaning down to her eye level. A vampire could not compel a witch, but he found that talking to Delphine in a calm, even voice worked. Something in doing magic seemed to trigger her. "NO!" Delphine screamed as she spit in his face and tried to stomp on his feet. He quickly whipped out his handkerchief and wiped the spittle of his face. She then ran over to the table and started throwing books and papers. Elijah caught her before she threw a glass vial. He picked her up and threw her over his shoulder. "Are you alright?" Elijah asked Freya ignoring the girl pounding his back and kicking him. "I'm fine. Elijah, you've tried to be few patient with her and all that, and I know your parenting book doesn't address it, but maybe it's time for..." Freya started. "Oh, it's well past time for her first spanking. I think that they left out the chapter dealing with naughty witches. Did you dose her enough?" Elijah inquired wanting to make sure that Delphine couldn't start a fire or injure anyone including herself during her time over his knee."Spank me and I'll see you both flogged bloody. You devils should be burned in eternal flames. Mark my words!" Elijah thought he heard Delphine curse in French. "She should be good until tomorrow. Klaus had asked me to cook up some salves to hasten healing and to slow it down for vampires. I think I'm going to get to work on that. Delphine, please try to settle down and act like a big girl," Freya said to the girl, who snarled and tried to bite her.  "On that note," Elijah said vamping her up to her bedroom. -------------------------Marcel was looking through the paperwork that Delphine brought with her. They had yet to get her a new identity as she hadn't been able to leave the compound yet. "Find anything yet, Love?" Rebekah said coming behind Marcel and kissing his neck. He was using her make-up table as a desk. They had planned to turn the sitting room into his office. "Maybe. The mystery is who is Delphine's mother? Who is her father? There is no record of Josephine La Rue ever having a child. Her mother hexed her hands when she ran off to marry a jazz player. I thought maybe she got pregnant with his child. He was Black. Does Delphine look mixed to you? I don't know, Bex. Something doesn't add up. It's almost like this kid appeared out of nowhere," Marcel admitted. "Knock, knock," Freya smiled."Hey Sis, come in, Marcel is trying to solve the ongoing Delphine mystery" Rebekah said as Freya walked in the open door. "That's what I'm here about," Freya said unconsciously rubbing her arm."Oh god, what's the bloody hell happened?" Rebekah said vamping over and carefully looking at the handprint mark that seemed burned into her skin."Delphine attacked Elijah and me as I was teaching her her first spell. She grabbed onto me and-" Freya began."Wait! She attacked you? Please tell me that Elijah isn't just going to march her little butt in the corner for another five minute 'time out'?" Marcel interrupted. "No, he took her up to her room to give her a spanking. Long overdue in my opinion, she actually spit in his face!" Freya admitted. "What?" Marcel and Rebekah yelled together in shock. Everyone knew how clean Elijah needed to be. That would be almost the worst thing to do to him. "Did ya all forget to invite me to the family pow wow. Hello, love," Kol said kissing Freya on the cheek. They filled him in up to that point. "I'll admit I tried to help with her training, but I wasn't sure I could keep myself from killing that little whelp. She could use more than just a few whacks on that naughty botty of hers, pretty though she is," Kol quipped."What's Elijah going to do, take a cane to her? She is a child after all?" Rebekah argued. "That's the thing I'm trying to say! When she grabbed my arm, I saw that she's not just a child. I think she is the reincarnation of Madame Delphine LaLaurie. She wasn't a witch, but a horrific slave owner who terrorized and murdered her slaves to stay young and beautiful. She was said to be cursed by the voodoo queen Marie Laveau to live forever to pay for her horrible crimes. How she got in that child I don't know, but she is more dangerous than we thought. An evil human like that in a witch body of that power. No wonder they wanted free of her," Freya said pacing. Marcel spat, "I should have guessed the Regent was hiding something. Is that girl even her grand daughter or just a kid she took in because she was too dangerous for anyone else to take? Does Marie or whoever the hell she is, know who she is?" Freya shook her blonde hair, "I don't think so. Reincarnation usually wipes the memory, but body jumped souls know exactly who they are. If her real identity comes back to her, who knows what she will do."----------------------Rebekah had helped Delphine decorate her room as she liked when she had awoken. It wasn't your typical kid's room, but much more formal. The color scheme was burgundy and cream. As most of the Mikaelsons, Delphine seemed to appreciate the finer things. The rule was if she broke something, it would not be replaced.  Only one lamp had been smashed in a rage. Elijah had put Delphine in a time out and gave her a stern talking-to. It had seemed like good parenting at the time, he had ignored her praying for his death in the corner. But, he would not allow her to start attacking his sister.  Elijah set Delphine down on the bed still kicking violently. He was hoping she would wear herself out. Elijah locked the door and then went to wash his face and hands.  He was more than horrified about the spitting. Washing did help him calm down, he could not deny that he was feeling angry and his hand was itching to teach her a strong lesson.  When he came back from the attached bathroom, Delphine was sitting on the bed with her arms crossed. "No one is allowed to hit me!" she fumed. For a second, he wondered what would have happened if anyone would have said that to their father, Mikael. Mikael probably would have literally killed them in rage. Elijah was glad that things were no longer like that, but he had to take a stand with this girl."Delphine, I'm not going to hit you. I am going to put you across my lap and smack your behind a few times. Your behavior is out of control," Elijah said firmly."I'll kill you. I'll kill all of you," Delphine screamed. Elijah was grateful that Klaus had soundproofed the rooms, but he wondered if anyone could still hear this pint sized terror bellowing. "Dear, I know your grandmother's hands were hexed and she was older, but did anyone else help take care of you?" Elijah wondered. He had asked this things before but got little responses. "Just my nannies. And they listened to what I told them or else," Delphine boasted, bouncing up and down on the bed joyfully."Stop, please. Well, if you keep behaving how you are, you are going to hurt someone here. If it wasn't for Freya, you might have already killed someone. Then, you try to attack her for helping you. That in itself is deserving of a sound paddling," Elijah intoned."A paddling? You're going to use a paddle?" Delphine asked cringing. For the first time she seemed concerned about getting a spanking."Not for your first spanking. But we have several paddles and all of the boys have gotten a licking with at least one, and believe me, you will be minding your manners much better after that," Elijah promised."Just try it on me, you ass. You're all going to damn die!" Delphine shouted raising her arm to blast him with magic stunted by Freya's tea. "That language is going to get your mouth washed out with soap in addition to the spanking you already have coming. Plus, I cannot die, whether I wanted to or not. Enough stalling. It's time," Elijah said reaching for her as she scuttled back on her soon to be sore rump.-----------------------Although Jeremy forgot and leave for the Grill already, Tyler did go out to cut his mom a bouquet. They had been talking on the phone and both seemed happy with the way things were going. His mom was really pleased to hear that he had a weight lifting trainer and a tutor. Tyler didn't know much about flowers so he just cut some of everything. He was drawn to two clusters of purple flowers. Didn't girls like purple a lot? "Owww," he said when a pretty purple bell- shaped cluster of flowers burned his skin. "What the hell?" he said tossing it aside. He clipped the rest of the purple flowers until he had a huge bunch of vervain to give his mom. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Klaus rarely drove his anything besides his black SUV. It was upgraded with some special features. Today, though, he decided he wanted to slip in and out of town inconspicuously. Plus, he had told Tyler he could take it to visit with his mother. He took his silver BMW and decided to go to the Grill to check on Elena. He parked down the street and walked down quickly hoping not to see any locals he knew. Thoughts about what the Regent has said about the prophecy still nags at him. Did that woman really expect his son to kill an innocent girl? However, if this Regent wanted Elena dead perhaps she would be more direct if her flimsy prophecy threat fell through. Klaus used his vampire powers to see if he could hear Jeremy inside the restaurant. He didn't catch anything in particular, but he didn't want Jeremy to see him lurking about, although that was exactly what he was doing. Klaus found an entrance in the back. An employee was taking out the garbage. Klaus compelled him to let him in and direct him to a good hiding spot. Klaus concealed himself slightly behind a wall by the bar. He could see Jeremy, Bonnie, and Elena in the mirror. He hated to invade his son's privacy, but if he could save his sister's life, he would be grateful. Stefan Salvatore did not seem to be around. "Where's Matt?" Bonnie asked Jeremy popping a fry in her mouth. "Grounded to our room for the day. He can't seem to get his schoolwork done. I don't know maybe he has ADD or something," Jeremy laughed. "Oh, did you guys get that tutor? Jer, I think that is great. You were not exactly the best student last year. Truthfully, none of us were," Elena confessed taking a gulp of her iced tea."Honestly, I don't mind. I think I'm finding out that there is more than just art. I like writing and I'm not half bad. Where's everyone else?" Jeremy asked looking around. "Stefan had to help Damon with something and-, Oh, there's Matt," Elena started. Klaus almost growled aloud. He had restricted Matt to home to work on his algebra with the tutor. What was he doing out? Matt had never disobeyed him so openly. It then crossed his mind that perhaps he had finished and gotten permission from Elijah. No, even then, Klaus had made his intentions clear. I have a good mind to drag him out of here right now, Klaus thought fuming."Dude, I thought you were grounded," Jeremy called out."Shut up, man. Does everyone need to know our business? I needed a break and decided no one would notice. Something fucked up is going on in the house," Matt shared, motioning to the waitress that he wanted to order."Wait. You left without permission! Dude, you are dead man walking. What the hell are you thinking? And should we go back? Maybe they need our help?" Jeremy exclaimed. "Our help? Half the time no one even knows we're around since that red haired brat came. That chick is the worst. She tried to punch me in the nuts yesterday for looking at her wrong. Uncle Elijah just lets her get away with it, while got my butt-, never mind. Hi Lisa, can I get the special? Yeah, just a coke. Thanks," Matt said ordering. "I suppose I'm paying for your meal," Jeremy smirked. "Why thank you for offering," Matt replied. Matt had been sending his allowance to his mom. She said her boyfriend had just lost his job and that she would pay Matt back. He knew that was a lie. Bonnie put her hands up and said, "Matt, this isn't like you. You kind of sound jealous of that kid."Elena chimed in, "You said it, Bon. Matt, what can we do to help?"Jeremy laughed and said, "Buy him a pillow, cause he's gonna need it to sit on tonight." 
"Fuck you, Matt! No one will ever know, unless you tell them. And if you do, I'll beat yo' ass. Damn, bitches, I'm starving. Where the hell is the food? Jeremy, do you still have that fake id? Maybe we should stop off and buy some beer on the way home," Matt said throwing caution to the wind. "Dude, are you serious? I tossed that thing. I'm not lying for you. Get that into your thick skull," Jeremy said throwing a balled up napkin at Matt. "What if I happen to let it slip that you spent $500 on porn on tv? Hmm, do you think that will get you just a night without your phone?" Matt asked triumphantly, knowing he had won. "Fine, you asshole. I'll cover for you. But did you really have to say that in front of my sister?" Jeremy said red-faced."Jer, you spent your freshman year taking a shower. I mean, you looked like a human prune when you would get out..." Elena said. Klaus heard them all laugh.Klaus couldn't listen to any more of this. He was so angry that he had to leave.  He guessed the little smacking he gave Matt on the seat of his pants this morning had not influenced his behavior. His undead heart sank. He decided to call Damon Salvatore and leave him a message to keep a better eye on Elena. He wasn't sure what Stefan was up to, but he wanted to avoid him in case the compulsion he placed on him in the early century in Chicago was jostled by seeing Klaus in person or hearing his voice. Klaus decided to go home and then deal with Matt later. If he revealed himself now, he would have to explain what he was doing at the restaurant. A part of him was also afraid if he embarrassed Matt in public, that he would just leave. He had been neglecting his sons. He needed them and they needed him back. ----------------------Elijah grabbed the struggling girl and easily flipped her over his lap.  Ideally, he'd like her to calm down before he begun, but she seemed to be growing more angry as each minute passed. "Delphine, stop struggling. This is happening if you like it or not," Elijah said bringing his hand down over her skirted bottom.Smack!She had a layer of tights underneath but he figured that wouldn't matter in a few more swats. He really just wanted to get her attention so that they could talk. Smack! Smack! Smack!The spanking seemed to making no impression on her at all.Delphine laughed and shouted, "It doesn't even hurt, idiot."
Elijah just kept swatting using a tenth of his strength. The hard part for him was continuing. Pop! Pop! Pop!Finally, Delphine stopped yelling and started whimpering a bit. Her leg twitched and she thrashed her hips."Now, settle down, so we can talk," Elijah demanding. He did whack her harder on the center of her bottom. He rubbed her back and held her there until she started crying. He sensed it was more out of frustration, but maybe they could start here."Tell me what's going on," Elijah coaxed."I have bad thoughts," Delphine sobbed. "Of what?" Elijah continued. "I want to hurt people. Everyone. I don't know why. I'm tired of it. I don't want to be mad anymore," Delphine cried. Elijah sat her up on his lap. "We can try to help you, if you let us. But you have to tell me more," Elijah cajoled. "I don't know. It's like I have two people inside of me fighting. One wants me to do bad things. The only just tries to stop it," Delphine attested sniffing. "You know, as a vampire, I know what that is like. When we were made long ago, to survive, we had to kill. Sometimes the hunger got so intense that a lot of people died. Then, when we learned how to eat without death, we still killed sometimes. For the hunt was more exciting than anything. I still fight those urges, I can help you if you will let me," Elijah promised. Delphine nodded."Now, let's finish this and then you will take a nap. We'll talk more later. You will also apologize to Freya and to me for attacking us. If you apology isn't sufficient. I promise you that I will pull down your panties and paddle your bottom right in front of her, young lady," Elijah pronounced flipping her back over his knee. "No, no, no more. I lied. I can feel it," Delphine panicked. Elijah flipped up her skirt and pulled down her tights. He left her underwear up, but wanted to see what the state of her rear was so he wasn't too severe.  Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank!Delphine raised up her head and howled and kicked with a fury that almost scared Elijah. He spanked steadily until her whole bottom was a light pink and warm. She was pounding her fists on the bed and kicking strongly. If he hadn't been holding her, Delphine was in danger of flying off his lap. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!After ten light swats, Elijah was ready to stop the punishment. Her backside was barely colored yet Delphine was acting as if she scalded with a hot brand. Elijah had never seen such theatrics. "Do you need to stand in the corner to calm down before I finish your spanking? Stop shouting. I'm going to count to three and if you are still carrying on, you're going in the corner," Elijah threatened."One!" *crack*"Stop it. Stop. It burns, you bastard," Delphine howled."Two!" *whap*"I'm going to kill..I mean, please, I'm not standing anywhere," Delphine continues"Three!" "spank"Elijah stood her up letting her tights stay down and her skirt fall back to cover her pink seat. Delphine stomped and grabbed behind her as if she was shocked her backside was still there. Elijah wiped the tears off her face with a tissue and made her blow her nose.Elijah clasped her hands to her side and said, "I'm going to bare your behind and you are going to stand in the corner until I say you can come out. Your hand will be on your head and you do not move. If you can behave in the corner, your spanking is done and you will take a nap."
"What if I don't want to?," Delphine sniffed and huffed. "If you misbehave in the corner, then you are getting another spanking. Do you understand?" When she didn't answer, he pulled off her frilly skirt. She tried to hold up her skirt and tights as he removed them. He swatted her thigh and then yanked down her underwear to her knees. She said tearing up again and rubbed at the spot he swatted though he had barely tapped her.With her underwear down around her ankles, he marched her to the corner. He placed her arms on her head and lightly pushed her closer to the corner. "Do not move. You think about all the people trying to help you and how you can improve. And start thinking of how you are going to say you're sorry," Elijah warned firmly. He tidied up the room and pulled down her covers for her to slip into after getting out her pajamas. He saw a hand creep down to her backside. "Hands on head," he barked. After about five minutes, he went over and turned her around. "I'm proud of you. That was good. It's over now," Elijah said as he went to hug her. Delphine turned away and scowled at him. She was still angry and now ashamed. "What do you need to say to me?" Elijah asked quietly. "Sorry," Delphine spit out. "For?" Elijah prompted."Spitting and attacking you and Freya," Delphine quickly blurted."I forgive you. Maybe when you're not as mad I can get a hug?" Elijah asked smiling. He knew this had to have been a draining experience. He felt disjointed. Delphine frowned and he led her to her bed. Her underwear was now discarded on the floor. Her backside looked barely pink and in some spots untouched. It was only her first time, he said to himself, realizing that he had again been lenient. He almost chuckled thinking of how she was probably planning horrible things for him. If he only knew.-----------------------Elijah met Klaus as he was coming in through the garage into the kitchen. "Did you know that Matt snuck out after I grounded him this afternoon to do his math? I wonder if he called the tutor and cancelled or what. I should have been here, I suppose," Klaus announced."Hello to you, Brother," Elijah smiled pouring a glass of water,"I didn't know you punished him at all. I was actually doling out some consequences to our newest arrival for attacking Freya and me, not to mention spitting in my face."
"Spitting! Brother, this demon child is really pushing it. I know we talked about safety, but perhaps we need to put her in a more secure location until her behavior is under control," Klaus suggested. "I took care of it. I followed my gut and finally spanked her soundly. She's napping now," Elijah admitted, looking down."Oh, good. Are you alright? I know how hard you tried to use gentler methods with her. She is a beautiful little devil. I'm sure you were not hard on her, Brother. I can see you have a soft spot for this little bird you have taken under your great wing. Want to go get a drink?" Klaus offered."No, I'm going to stick to water. She still needs to apologize to Freya. I did go lightly on her as the girl has had little guidance. But I promised her she was getting a real paddling if she didn't do it correctly. She's still quite angry with me and I think maybe plotting my downfall. Is that little paddle still in the drawer here?" Elijah asked sliding open the drawer by the utensils. "The one that had the ball on it may be perfect, yes, that one. I think I'm going to be discipling young Matthew with the heavier paddle today. He snuck out and is trying to drag Jeremy into his web of deceit. I heard him threaten to tell on Jeremy for buying pornography on the telly for $500. Do you know anything about that nonsense?" Klaus asked reaching for some water."$500! Absolutely not, I guess I need to examine the bill and put some child locks on the cable. I would have probably blamed Kol for that. You know how I dislike pornography. I know they are young men, but there are some lewd and crude things out there that I better never catch them with. I guess this is something we need to address. Jeremy probably needs to be punished for that. Maybe a week with no television? Probably the embarrassment of the conversation will be punishment enough," Elijah sighed. Sometimes it seemed easier when he was alone and half the family was daggered.  "Well, since we aren't drinking spirits. Let's toast to ourselves! We are putting in overtime with this family. Salut!" Klaus said clinking glasses with Elijah as they both downed their drinks. A second later, they were both on the floor gasping. Someone had poisoned the water with vervain.  Delphine, still rubbing her sore mounds, tiptoed out and kicked Elijah's unconscious form. Yes, she would have her revenge. No one messes with Madame Delphine LaLaurie and gets away with it! And no one certainly puts her over their knee and spanks her over her cotton knickers. They would pay and when she found the Voodoo priestess who cursed her, she would burn every witch in the world in one fell swoop. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "What atonement is there for blood spilt upon the earth?                                               -Aeschylus Freya was sitting with Finn when he heard the voice. She had been visiting him secretly at night when no one was around. Rebekah and her other brothers seemed to forget he existed. Was he to rot down here another 900 years? He was the only one here besides their deranged mother that she knew when they were humans after all. Finn was not the Finn she knew from before. That Finn was but a child, her younger brother. Sometimes they talked, it was the same conversation over and over He never asked her to release him. He didn't seem to care.  All he asked was that she go see Mother, she refused.  "She ceased to become my mother the day-," she started again."Aye, Sister, the day she gave you to our evil aunt. I wish it had been me that Dahlia had taken. After you were gone, Father came back and nothing was the same. A part of him died, the good part. Mother told me over and over again that you had died from plague, but I remembered.  She promised me that I would see you again. I thought she meant in Valhalla, yet here we are. She is not the monster you wish her to be...," Finn drifted off. "What is it, Finn?" Freya asked urgently. She felt something stir in the house.  "She wakes. She is calling me to come to her," Finn said tonelessly. Her could hear her with his vampire senses.  "Mother?" Freya cried. "No, the other witch," Finn looked at Freya directly. "Don't let them take her."  "The young one? I blocked her from elemental magic, yet she can still do spells, I suppose. Come, help me," Freya said trying to unchain him.--------------Ester was dizzy and sick. Where was she? This air was stale and the room sterile. She thought she was in hell. She had been dreaming so long. The Vikings attacking the village, falling in love with Mikael, Freya...then falling in love Ansel, Niklaus' father. Henrik dying at the hands of Ansel's pack. Mikael's revenge. Run, children, run. Her son's hands on her throat.  "Ester, it is time for you and your children to die," Delphine exclaimed. "What are you? What do you want? The ancestors said they would save my children if I destroyed the vampires I wrought on this earth. I need more time."  "You're out of time and so are your spawn. They are an abomination against nature. You know that," Delphine laughed. "You're no little girl. I see the blood on your soul. How many did you slay for your own beauty and pleasure? My children were innocent!" Ester intoned with a quiet rage. "They aren't innocent anymore, are they? The ancestors showed me their sins. The villages and cities laid to waste. Demons incarnate. You did not have the strength to do what you were sent her for. There was never any plan to put them into humans. That was just a lie you told yourself," Delphine said looking around the room. She had taken an antidote to the tea, yet it still wasn't in full effect. Delphine would have to stall. Ester spat, "A mother would give a thousand lives for her babies. I would set this world on fire before I let you kill them." "You did set this world on fire with your hell spawn. Those I killed in my human life were mine to do with as I pleased. I bought and paid for them. Their children belonged to me. They were my playthings. Not like the innocent souls your Originals sent to hell," Delphine flexed her fingers and lifted Ester slightly off the bed.  "If you are so powerful, why not body jump into a woman. I do not wish to fight a mere child, no matter your tricks. Tell me how you come to be here, a human in witch form. Hurry now, I do not have all night if I am soon to die," Ester scoffed, starting to gain her bearings. She still wore the shackles that prevented her from performing magic.  "I was born at the turn of the 19th century during slave days. My father bought me my first slave when I was 10. It was great fun. I suppose I started to go a little far. I liked to play games and I was curious as to how things worked. The bodies were pilling up dead or half dead in the attic. A kitchen slave, one I chained to the stove, started a fire. The house caught, the townsfolk came to help and saw my experiments and amusements. They hanged my family from the rafters. They hanged MY daughters by their necks for having ME for a mother. They were innocent.  I escaped with one of my lovers, yet one of yours, the Voodoo Witch Queen Marie Laveau herself, damned me. To try to contain me, they body jumped me into a child, the only one powerful enough to contain my evil spirit. Now I come in this witch flesh to do the bidding of the ancestors that you failed to do. I am a slave now as I will be this child for eternity, yet I will enjoy my new task, destroying you," Delphine cackled and laughed. --------------------------------24 hours beforeThe Regent knew something was wrong. The woman on the street was playing the very last tune she ever played on her violin before she was hexed fifty years earlier on this very street. "It is you," she breathed. She knew this was her death. She had already seen it. "Yes, I'm sorry but the ancestors sent your grand daughter to kill my sister. I cannot allow that. You must die so I can find them," Dahlia said as she slit her throat from ear to ear."That's not my grand daughter," the Regent said as she bled out.--------------------------------"Finn, run and get help. Or flee! I don't care, but don't come in here with me," Freya begged."She's my mother. I can't leave her, or you," Finn said."This witch isn't like others. I don't know what she can do. Please," Freya begged. "Sister, it is time," Finn said, "Lead the way."Freya pushed through the doors and entered the elevator to the other basement level. She checked her phone to see if she could text the others, but there was no service. They were on their own. "Finn, you must feed from me to get your strength. I think I might have a plan," Freya whispered.---------------------------------Delphine felt a chill. The cloaking spell was down. The regent was dead.  This body was growing stronger and she would be able to cast her wild magic soon. "Tell me one thing, witch. What did you think was going to happen when you failed? The ancestors have a lot worse planned for you. They want you to die slowly again and again. I would hate to be you right now," Delphine laughed flicking her bright red hair behind her. She had changed into a old fashioned white dress. It reminded her of when she was a human girl, burning ants for fun and knocking the heads off her dolls.  Finn vamped into the room and before Delphine could see him, he fed his mother his vampire blood. He looked at the girl and said, "Now, if you kill her, she will be vampire." Freya started casting a protection circle around Ester. Delphine lifted Finn and Ester up to the ceiling and cast them down. The force would have shattered Ester's spine but the blood strengthened her, it did break the chains of the shackles.  Delphine caught Freya on fire as Freya screamed in agony. Unknown to Delphine, she had also drank Finn's blood. She healed even as she burned. Finn vamped over and fed off of Delphine deeply. She chanted something and he fell back writhing in pain. ------------------Rebekah was wondering why things were so quiet downstairs. She knew Tyler and Jeremy were out, but shouldn't the rest be around. "Kol! Kol!" she screamed as she found him unconscious in his bathroom. He seemed to be in the midst of brushing his teeth. She yelled for Marcel."Something is wrong!" Marcel found Klaus and Elijah slumped down on the floor. 
"Delphine, are you okay?" he checked the little girl's room. He had felt a little guilty about passing her off to Elijah. Marcel had even had the doll she came with repaired. He wrapped it up to get to her when she started to improve her behavior. Was she kidnapped? If anything happened to her, he'd never forgive himself."Rebekah, Klaus and Elijah are down, too. Delphine is missing," he screamed. Rebekah said, "Matt is gone, too. I'll find Freya. She's probably downstairs working." "I'll come with you," he said ever protective, although she was the Original."No, go look for the kids. Find them, Marcel. Something is wrong," Rebekah demanded.Just then they heard a song, a sweet song like a lullaby. Dahlias began to grow in out of control vines along the walls."Ah, you must be my niece, Rebekah, you look just like her when we were girls. Did you mother ever tell you about her sister Dahlia who protected her when your father's viking tribe attacked our village? No, well, I've come for her. We promised to be there for each other. Always and forever. Now sleep." Rebekah just had time to call out to Marcel before she passed out.--------------Freya wasn't sure how long she could hold off Delphine. Finn was down and Mother was now casting a protection spell on her. Soon, Freya felt the fire stop and then she heard the song. Was she dying? It was Dahlia's song. Then, as Freya went under, she heard her aunt's voice again.  Delphine was enraged. "Stay away, witch. You cannot save her. It is her time. I will wait until the cursed blood is out of her system and end her," Delphine said trying to burn Dahlia with her magic. "If I haven't been burned by a legion of men, do you think a little thing like you can end me?" Dahlia laughed. She raised her hands and brought the red haired witch to her knees. "I don't care what the ancestors want. I just want my sister and we will take our leave," Dahlia demanded. "Sister, let my children come to no harm," Ester begged. "Ester, I promised to protect you, always and forever. I will not let the ancestors take you away from me again," Dahlia promised. Dahlia looked at her Freya, the ungrateful child, and then at her sister. She whispered a spell and Freya woke up and then she whispered something in Freya's ear. "No!" Freya screamed. "They must die," Freya heard the deranged child yell. In a split second, Delphine ripped the necklace from around her neck and poured a white power from it. She held out her hands and a wooden shaft from the bed flew to her hands. Her eyes rolled to the back of her head and she chanted something. She smashed the powder on the tip of stake.The stake then flew into Finn's heart. Ester screamed and launched herself at Delphine. Freya watched in horror as her brother caught fire and turned to ash. Her wails woke up the rest of the vampires where they lay. Ester chanted something as she strangled Delphine. "Daughter, forgive me. Tell the others I'm sorry. I destroyed the evil spirit of the human in this girl. I don't know where the real child is, I don't sense her. Oh Finn," Ester moaned looking upon his ashes.As if in slow motion, she saw Delphine fall lifeless and Dahlia drag Ester out. "Sister, we must go before your own children try to kill you and you are made vampire. Niece, remember what I said," Dahlia boomed. Freya turned and they were gone. She collapsed. The pain from the burns pulled her deep under. -------------------Earlier in the day/Mayor's OfficeWhen Tyler's mother saw the flowers, she almost choked on her coffee. "They are lovely, honey," Carol Lockwood said kissing her son hello.They talked about the regular things, and then she decided she had to do this. "Tyler, I think there is something you need to know," Carol said gently."That I have the werewolf gene? Mom, I already know that," Carol was surprised, but she had to tell him everything. "Yes, that's true. The night your father died, the town council was doing a vampire sweep. They had a device that was supposed to show us who was supernatural. Your dad had no idea he had the werewolf gene and-" Carol stopped to wipe away tears. "That's why he died? Because he was trying to hunt vampires? Mom, this is horrible. Are you on the council? I can't believe this!" Tyler exploded. "Honey, the mayor is the leader of the council. I didn't know about you and your dad. It's always been like this in town. Your father's family has always had a mayor sitting in power. Do you know what this flower is that you gave me?" Carol asked pointing to the purple blossom."No, lavender?" Tyler asked dully."Vervain! The council started putting it in the water supply in huge amounts. I just found out. There are some members who went behind my back.  Vervain can be very dangerous to vampires. You need to tell the Mikaelsons," Carol explained. "You know?" Tyler said stunned. "Of course, I do. I thought they could protect you from all this. These hunters are growing bolder. If you trigger your curse..." Carol began to cry openly. "Mom, I'm not going to kill anyone," Tyler said getting up to hug his mom. "They killed your Uncle Mason. Honey, I think they may be on to you," Carol wept clutching at her only son.---------------------When the boys finally got home in three separate cars, they found the house in chaos.  Freya was laid out on the dining room table. Rebekah was the only one able to give her blood since Kol, Elijah, and Klaus were poisoned with vervain. Her hair was nearly gone and she had been severely burned. Kol was sitting on a dining room chair near her with his head in his hand. Rebekah was beside him assuring, "She'll wake up soon. She's strong." They could see her skin healing in front of them. They was just so much that needed healed that it was taking a while.  On the couch nearby lay Delphine's still body. Marcel was sitting on the couch staring at her. Her white dress was streaked with ashes.  "Are they dead?" Jeremy yelled out. Klaus came over and said, "Come here, boys. We have to talk to you." "While you were out, we were attacked. It seems that not only has the town water supply been infected with vervain, but our Aunt Dahlia came back to get our mother. Finn is gone. Those are his ashes. Freya is healing. We don't know what is wrong with Delphine yet. She is breathing, but the problem seems magical," Elijah faltered. Klaus started, "For all of our safety, no one is coming in or out until we know who we can trust. Perhaps we should call Bonnie Bennett."
Tyler said, "My mom said she didn't know the town council was going to put vervain in the water supply. She thinks hunters killed my uncle and are on to me." "This is not the first time they have tampered with the water supply. We have back up tanks. Please don't take long showers though because we will have to have them refilled," Klaus said putting his hand on Tyler's shoulder."Damn, Jeremy, you're gonna have to find another hobby," Matt snickered.Elijah glared at him, "I don't think this is the time for crude joke, young man. We'll discuss this later." "Read the room, man," Jeremy whispered. Klaus put his arm around Matt, "I think it is time for bed. Say, I seem to recall grounding you to your room today." 
Matt's face turned red and he looked down. He had no excuse. He opened his mouth but nothing came out."No matter. We shall chat about it later. Be glad that I am not thrashing you in front of everyone right now, though I am sorely tempted. Yet my brother died tonight so you will get a bit of a postponement."Klaus swatted his backside hard as he went up the stairs. Matt couldn't help but gasp as he was propelled forward. He didn't dare rub.Elijah gripped Klaus' shoulder and said, "We'll get through this." Klaus nodded but the guilt of Finn's death was on him. --------------------After a long night, Freya started to stir, but she was still moaning in pain. After comforting Kol the best that she could, Rebekah went over to sit by Marcel. "I can't stand to see kids hurt, Rebekah. Even if it just the body of a kid," Marcel said his eyes filling up with tears. "Marcel, Bonnie will come in the morning and figure out what is wrong with her. It's not your fault," Rebekah soothed. "You know, when she first got here and knocked the head off her doll, I had it fixed. I thought maybe someday she would like to have something from home. I know when Klaus took me, I came to your house with nothing. Just the name he gave me," Marcel said. He unwrapped the repaired doll and put it in Delphine's arms.Rebekah yelled out, "Look!" Delphine seemed to thrash and writhe on the couch. The doll was fused tightly in her arms. Elijah vamped over, "What in the world is happening?" After a few minutes of this, Delphine's bright blue eyes opened. "Delphine, you're awake!" Marcel announced. "Who is Delphine? I'm Marie," the little girl whispered."Bloody hell, Marie Laveau? The voodoo queen?" Rebekah asked looking up at everyone."No, I'm Marie Serafine La Rue. Where's my grand-mere?"Everyone breathed a sigh of relief. -------------------------Tyler had nightmares all night that hunters were chasing them in the woods. His father was in the dreams and his Uncle Mason. They were trying to tell him something but he couldn't understand what.  Jeremy wasn't speaking to Matt. He was embarrassed about the joke he made last night and that Matt threatened to get him in trouble about the cable bill. Neither one told Tyler anything, but he could sense the tension in the room. Jeremy and Tyler went down to breakfast. Matt was too miserable to have an appetite.  Kol spent all night by Freya's side. Rebekah had just fed her more blood and it seemed to be working a little faster. The kid had been been to bed in the same bedroom. She seemed nicer than the other one, but still a bit sassy. None of them really would know the full story of last night until Freya woke up. Kol feel numb about Finn. He knew he should feel something but there was nothing left.  As Kol was walking past Matt's room, he saw him slumped over on the couch just sitting there."What's wrong, mate? Got in a bit of a row?" Kol asked. "I don't know what that means, but if it means everyone hates me and I'm going to get my ass beat, then yeah," Matt fumed. "Oh aye, I saw Nik whack you last night. What'd ya do?" Kol wondered curious. "Ugh, did everyone see that? It's so embarrassing. So I hate school and didn't want to do all this useless math. I thought I would take a break and go get lunch at the Grill after Dad told me to stay in and study. Then, I kind of was having fun and lost track of time...It seemed like a good idea at the time," Matt groused. Kol snorted, "Been nice knowing ya, mate. And one time Nik whipped Marcel on the dock of New Orleans when he tried to run away from home, with a pirate or something.""Thanks, I guess that would be a lot worse. Do you think he's really pissed at me, though?" Matt said worried."Nik? Aye, I think he's going to give you a pretty good lathering, if I'm being honest. But then, it will be over. You're have a sore arse, but hopefully, the next time you won't be so thick," Kol assured him patting his arm awkwardly. "Thanks, Kol. Hey, I'm sorry about your brother. I know what that's like," Matt said sincerely. Matt saw Vicky as she had been before the drugs-young and beautiful. Always so alive."Thank you. Your sister passed last year didn't?" Kol asked quietly."Yeah, she got hooked on drugs and...I miss her. She was wild, but you know, fun. I think you would have liked her," Matt remarked realizing it was true. "Sounds like it. I wish that I had gotten to meet her.  Well, you know Finn was a dull son of a bitch. I had 900 years to get to know him better and all he did was annoy me. I guess if I could take it all back now I would. Too late for that, yeah?" Kol was embarrassed to find himself being emotional.Matt stood up and went to hug Kol. Kol surprised himself by hugging Matt back as a few tears slipped down his face. If he could just have one more chance...he would try to make things right.
  
    Chapter Text
    Freya had never been in so much pain. She felt a deep pressure in all her burned limbs. Even a small gust of air going over her body hurt. She moaned and begged for more blood and Rebekah fed her again at dinner time.  "My dolls head looks weird. Did someone mess with it?" she heard Delphine giggle. Freya's eyes popped open. No, that monster couldn't still be alive. She glanced around and saw Elijah talking to the little girl in the living room. "Elijah!" she whispered. He only heard her with his vampire hearing and vamped over. Delphine shrieked and said, "Oh my god!" "Sorry, Marie, I'll explain later," Elijah called to the girl who had never seen him vamp before."Elijah, she's a monster...She killed Finn," Freya hyperventilated."No, my dear, Delphine, the evil human presence in her, seems to be gone. We had Bonnie here while you were resting and she assured us that this is the original occupant of this body. She seems like a normal little girl, perhaps a tad headstrong, kind of like a young Rebekah," Elijah said stroking her forehead. "Thank god. Mother? Any sign of her?" Freya breathed. "No sign of her. Are you up to telling me what happened?" Elijah inquired.She told him everything up to what Dahlia whispered to her. "So the ancestors were using the cursed Delphine in a powerful witch's body that they could control as a weapon? From Bonnie's digging, the girl's parents were kidnapped trying to protect her. The Regent was trying to save the life of her own secret daughter, but she was found sacrificed.  The Regent is dead," he whispered so Marie did not overhear that her grand-mere, as she called her, was murdered yesterday. "That could have been Dahlia's doing to undo the cloaking spell. The ancestors wanted Mother dead and all of you dead. Delphine said something about all vampires dying," Freya rasped. "Yes, well, we've been hearing disturbing reports all day that all of Finn's line has died off. All. The implications are horrific," Elijah uttered. "I thought of something else," Freya started. "I think my magic is anchored with Dahlia's or linked somehow. She can track me and possibly control me through it. I'm sure that is how she found me. I'm so sorry. Unless I get membership in another coven, I can't practice anymore. I feel like this is my fault," Freya cried. "My dear, none of this is your fault. I think my blood should be clean by now. Drink," Elijah bit into his wrist and gave her a mug of his blood. "And Finn..." Freya gulped. "I'm so sorry, Freya. I don't know how she got white oak ash.  We destroyed it all," Elijah insisted. "Did you still have his ashes?" Freya shivered."Of course," Elijah affirm pointing to the box on the table. "Good, we are going to need them...""If what?" Elijah pressed. "When," she corrected, "I bring him back." -------------------------"Sister, you're awake," Klaus boomed. "How are you feeling?" "As if I was burned alive, but then got healed with vampire blood, which is still painful btw," Freya quipped. Elijah started, "Freya has filled in most of the gaps. We still don't know exactly how they got Delphine to body jump into Marie's body, but it seems that Mother was able to destroy Delphine's spirit or curse. We will still need to protect Marie in case the New Orlean's witches want her back." 
"Well, now that her grandmother is dead. Would they care?" Klaus wondered."If she is really that powerful, she is still dangerous. As I was telling Elijah, I can't practice until I cut my ties with Dahlia. As long as I am anchored, she can sense my magic and find me. Same with Delphine or Marie, I mean," Freya explained. "You gave her the tea today, correct?" They both nodded affirmatively. They didn't tell Freya how the child had fussed and spit it up until Klaus growled at her and made his eyes light up yellow. Elijah was two seconds away from swatting her behind before she finally complied. Their nerves were frayed and they were exhausted by the previous "child." "Couldn't you continue to dose, ah, Marie with the tea. Then, we'll work on your coven issue?" Klaus suggested carefully."Sure, except, there is one little problem," Elijah brought up."Dahlia told me that I had to bring Finn back from the dead or else she would claim all of our first born children," Freya quoted. "Well, you are mortal and can have children, but the rest of us?" Klaus splayed his hands."She said, adopted or biological. She means to take all the children," Freya recalled. "Do you think you could bring him back? Why would she want Finn back? For Mother?" Elijah prompted. "Possibly? It would not be in his original body. He would be mortal.  We could find a young man on the verge of death or ill, I could do the spell using his ashes, and then we could heal him," Freya said hopefully. "And if it doesn't work?" Klaus said frightened."It has to work," Elijah finished. "Now, can someone help me down from the dining room table? This is like the worst hospital bed ever," Freya complained trying to get up."Well, your skin was coming off and we didn't want you getting stuck to your bed," Klaus divulged dryly. Freya made a face, "The next time I get lit up like a human torch, just take me to a hospital, okay?" Elijah smiled, "Anything for you, Sister." Klaus froze, "Did you just hear something break? I swear the next person who smashes something around here..."------------------------------------ "I didn't mean to," Marie whined. "You could have killed yourself. Why were you climbing on the bookshelf?" Elijah thundered. "I was bored," Marie admitted in a small voice. "Marie, do you remember anything from when you first got here?" Elijah wondered. "Nope, I was with grand-mere at home in the Garden District and then boom! I was here," Marie confessed. Elijah sat on the bed. The wooden bookshelf had flipped and everything on it was broken or on the floor. "Did you grandmother let you climb on the furniture?" Elijah asked. "No, but what was she going to do? Her hands were twisted and she was pretty busy with witch business. She got me a nanny, but she was afraid of me," Marie admitted with a giggle. "Marie, you didn't break your violin on your nanny did you?" Elijah asked with his eyes pressed closed. Marie was shocked, "How did you know that? Are you a seer?""Sort of. I think you are long overdue for some discipline, young lady," Elijah said calmly."But it was an accident!" Marie shouted. "No, it wasn't. You were misbehaving and you put yourself in danger. In this house, that is grounds for a spanking," Elijah said grabbing her and bending her over his right knee.Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!"I feel like I just did this," Elijah muttered to himself. Marie yelled out and covered her backside in shock. "You spanked me?" she yelped in surprise as she rubbed and hopped a little. He grabbed her again and applied two more hard spanks to the center of her behind. Crack! Crack!"Yes, I did. Now, I'm going to lift this and we are going to clean this up together. Then, we are going to see if Freya will switch bedrooms with you so your room would be beside mine.  I think you are going to need a lot more supervision," Elijah said firmly.  "But.." Marie said confused. "Marie, do you want another spanking? Because that next one is going to make the first one look like a tickle," Elijah warned picking up the bookshelf. "No, I-I'll h-help," she spit out rubbing and picking up book quickly.--------------------Klaus smiled to Freya, "I think someone just got a 'first' spanking."
"Oh my, I hope it wasn't Elijah. Are you sure you gave her enough tea?" Freya laughed."I hope so. Can I help you get situated? I remembered I have a naughty young man to deal with myself. He might even be glad to get this over with. Maybe not? Did you ever finish that salve?" Klaus asked. "Yes, on your dresser," Freya said carefully walking upstairs.  Kol came down as Klaus was going to get the paddle out of the drawer. He was tempted to use the heavier one, but ended up choosing the lighter paddleball model, though it was not so light it didn't make an impression.  "For young Matthew, I presume?" Kol blurted.  "Yes, did he tell you what he did?" Klaus asked swatting the paddle against his own leg.  "Nik, he feels pretty bad. I know you have to punish him, but..." Kol drifted off, feeling sympathy for Matt. "Take care of him after? Don't I take care of you?" Klaus said suddenly hugging Kol. 

Klause continued, "Freya said there's a decent chance she could bring back, Finn. I know how you feel, Little Brother,  I feel it, too. I think it is...guilt. This is a new feeling for us after so many years of losing our humanity. We'll do better the next time." "Really! That's actually great news," Kol hugged him tighter. "I guess we have to do better next time with Finn. In a way, it'd be hard to do...worse."  Klaus laughed and swatted him once on each cheek with the paddle he had in his hand. "Watch it!" "Oh, Nik, bugger off. But yes, you take care of me," Kol said backing away.  "Love you," Klaus said, swatting him again lightly and vamping up to Matt's room. Tyler was in the weight room and Jeremy was in bed reading. Klaus tucked the paddle into his waistband. "Hi guys, how's it going in here?" "Hey Dad, pretty good. How's Freya?"
"She is much better, thank you."Matt was sitting there watching tv. He turned it off. "Guys, I did something yesterday that I'm not proud of," Klaus started. "Really?" Matt said surprised. He assumed adults had it all together, except for people like his mom. "Yes, Jeremy, I was a little concerned about your sister. I wanted to check to see if the Salvatores were protecting her. I know she thinks she can protect herself, but as you saw yesterday, things can turn dangerous quickly. I ended up calling Damon and leaving him a message to step things up," Klaus admitted. "Okay, thanks. I mean, Damon would do anything for my sister, so that was a good idea," Jeremy concluded. "Yes, but what I am not proud of is that I saw you at the Grill and I overheard some of your conversation," Klaus poured out. "Dad, you freaking eavesdropped on us? That's not creepy. Jesus christ," Matt exploded. "Matt, you weren't even supposed to be there," Jeremy chided."Jeremy, I have to say that Matt has a point. I apologize. But I will ask you to watch your tone also, Matt," Klaus said heavily. "My tone? Did you hear...?" Matt drifted off, not wanting to know the answer."How you tried to blackmail me into lying for you because of the porn? If he didn't yesterday, he does now," Jeremy glared at Matt. Matt was fuming. He was ashamed, angry, and frustrated. He wanted to hit something.  "Jeremy, $500 is a lot of money and we don't approve of lewd pornography. I think your Uncle Elijah is going to have a talk with you about that which should be punishment enough. However, I agreed that a week without television is also going to start now," Klaus mentioned causally. "He doesn't even like to watch tv, unless he's jerking off to it! I guess you learned that from Tyler!" Matt screamed. "Matthew, you do not decide the punishments around here, mister. Just out of curiosity, what do you think your punishment should be for not doing your studies, leaving without permission, taking a car, lying, blackmailing your brother, trying to use a fake id to buy beer, cursing...Is there anything I left out?" Klaus asked starting to pull pajamas from Matt's drawers and a pair of clean briefs. He didn't think he needed socks, but he pulled a pair out of Matt's drawer anyway."I guess we can add disrespect to your list of offenses that we need address tonight," Klaus went on.  Matt's face was crimson. "I don't know," Matt said now scared that he had gone too far."Jeremy, I'm going to take Matthew with me. Remember, no tv or your grounding can easily end up turning into a spanking," Klaus tousled his hair and left with Matt. Klaus indicted that Matt go ahead of him. He was expected a swat or two, but Klaus just walked by quietly which made Matt feel worse. "Can't you just yell at me already?" Matt said when they were almost to the room.Klaus opened the door to his suite and put the clothes on the dresser. "I'm not going to yell at you. Come here  a minute," Klaus said pulling Matt to him. He held him and rubbed his back for a minute and then pulled him away at arm's length. "Even when I am disappointed in your behavior, that doesn't make me love you any less. You can act up all much as possible and I'm not going to let you go. Do you understand?" Klaus asked sternly. Matt nodded and said, "I never had a dad before. I don't deserve you." Klaus smiled and said, "I'm not sure you are going to think that when I am spanking your behind in a short while, mister. You know you have a lot to answer for. Now, I want you to go take a shower and brush your teeth in my bathroom.  You will be brushing your teeth with soap for the awful and crude... 'jerking off' comment. Then, you're getting the paddle on your bare behind and then you're going to straight to bed in here.""Do I really have to get my mouth washed out with soap?" Matt whined. "Yes, and you are going to apologize to Jeremy about that, too. That was beneath of you," Klaus lectured. "I'm sorry, it was. I know it embarrassed him. I acted like a jerk," Matt lamented."You did and when your behind is stinging and red it will remind you to behave like the kind, sweet, young man, we know you can be," Klaus said pushing his shoulders towards the shower. "Sweet?" Matt groaned. "Yes, sweet," Klaus confirmed. "Now, don't be in the shower all day like Jeremy. Five minutes."
"Can I have my clothes, please?" Matt asked hopefully, smiling a little. "Sure, after I paddle you soundly," Klaus smiled. "Go."Klaus set the former round wooden toy down on the night table and went to find the salve. He was so relieved Freya was okay. With her injured, he realized how much they had all come to depend on her. He would have to do everything possible for her to get into a new coven, though covens were ancient and secretive. Klaus heard the water shut off. He gave Matt a minute to dry himself off. "Matthew, are you decent?" Klaus called."Yeah, Dad, come in," Matt said politely. Matt had a towel tied firmly around his waist. Klaus got the toothbrush and got a new cake of soap. He lathered the soap and rubbed the brush in it. "Tell me why you getting your mouth washed out with soap?"
"Being disrespectful, mean, and I guess, cursing," Matt lamented."Brush and think about speaking carefully and like a man of honor."Matt started gagging immediately. Klaus told him to brush his tongue for a while. The whole thing was painful to watch for Klaus. He really hoped this was the last time he had to do this. "Okay, rinse.""I'll give you a new toothbrush," Klaus said tossing the soapy one in the trash bin. Matt was grimacing and couldn't get the taste of soap out of his mouth. "I know. The aftertaste is unpleasant, but that is the point. Filthy words and phrases pollute the mouth," Klaus said leading Matt to the bed. Klaus didn't want to do this. His anger at Matt had faded, but he knew he had to continue for the boy's sake. Klaus sat and held Matt in between his legs for a minute. "I would like to think this is the last time you will need a spanking for sneaking out. When you get grounded, you need to obey that. You know I was tempted to give you a harder licking yesterday, but instead I gave you a few swats over the seat of your jeans and a different punishment and now here we are anyway. Do you know why I didn't just tan your naughty behind like I'm going to now yesterday?" Klaus asked."No, I don't," Matt said. "Because I didn't want to embarrass you in front of Tyler and Jeremy. I also thought that you could correct your behavior if given the chance after we had a talk. Did you?" Klaus demanded. "No, I got worse and just did what I wanted," Matt blurted out."Okay, you can give me the towel," Klaus said taking it and putting it over his lap. He moved back on the bed. Matt quickly tried to get on his lap to protect his modesty. Klaus thought to himself that that was easy. Klaus put his left hand on the small of Matt's back and started spanking both of Matt's cheeks with his large hand. Klaus knew Matt's behind was probably more sensitive from the shower and brought down his hand a little lighter than he normally started out. He then went from cheek to cheek for the first two minutes to build up the fire slowly. Matt was resting his head over his folded arms and starting to bounce his calves up and down. Klaus started whacking harder and targeting Matt's sit spots for the next minute. All Klaus heard was the steady, "Whap, WhaP, Whap, Whap, Whap."Then, Matt began to struggle a little. His hands were itching to protect his rear from the assault. He started to rock from side to side to avoid the constant swats. Klaus paused a moment to apply the salve. He was alway concerned about bruising and he thought this would help protect Matt's skin. Klaus rubbed the salve into Matt's thighs and rump area briskly. He was starting to wiggle more, but hadn't said a word. Klaus was patting Matt's bottom lightly and tapping his thighs."I'm going to let that soak in a minute before picking up the paddle.  You are going right to bed after your smacking and I don't want to hear a moment of backtalk about it. I'm getting to the point where I'm going to start marking down the cursing and talking back and tally them at the end of the week. If every offense was a paddle swat, would that help you behave better?" Klaus asked still tapping Matt, but with a little more wrist action. "No, sir," Matt gasped. "Oh, maybe each offense should be two swats? Maybe three? I think we would have some awfully sore, but well-behaved children on our hands," Klaus offered. He wondered if this would work for the family.  He wasn't happy with the type of language he heard when they thought he wasn't around and sometimes when they knew he was. "I mean, y-yes," Matt changed his response, not knowing the answer. "Okay, Matt. No reaching back and try to keep still," Klaus warned picking up the paddle. Crack! Crack!Klaus swatted firmly in a random pattern. Whack! Whack! Whack!Matt stiffened and his legs straightened. Red blotches bloomed and Matt feel a blaze of sting on each cheek.  Klaus increased the intensity of the paddle swats and waited a few seconds before bringing down the next crack. 
Pop!            Pop!           Pop!         Pop!            Pop!             Pop!Matt seemed to anticipate the next swat and stiffen each time. Klaus paddled him a bit softer, but faster for the next minute until Matt threw back a hand. "I'm sorry. Please, no more. S-sorry," Matt moaned. Klaus just started swatting Matt's thighs until the hand crept back up. Matt was not crying but breathing hard and kicking his legs up and down. Klaus decided to finish this with a flurry of hard smacks covering Matt's entire bottom. He lifted his left knee a little to gain more access and let loose. Klaus tightened his arm around Matt's waist so he couldn't wiggle off his lap with his kicking and pushing up. Klaus swatted Matt's sit spots hard enough to almost launch Matt forward, if he wasn't holding him. This finally caused Matt to start crying and wailing. Klaus immediately stopped as his backside was red and shiny. "Are you going to start doing your school work on time?" Klaus said patting his behind. "YES, I w-will, please don't paddle me any m-more," Matt sobbed. "Shh, Matt, it's done. You still have an apology to make to Jeremy and maybe even Tyler, I don't know. I want you to treat people nicely, the nasty side of you is not good. And if I hear anymore of that, you will get a swat with the paddle no matter who is around. Would that be a good deterrent, mister? Because if we have to go with public spanking and tally marks to get you all to be the people I know you can be, we'll do it," Klaus promised."Okay, let's get your pants on," Klaus said, standing him up gently. Matt hopped from foot to foot and rubbed quickly. Matt wailed, "It's going to hurt. That paddle really stings!" "Only for a moment. Let me help," Klaus said getting Matt's clothes. He helped him step into his briefs. Matt whined and hissed. Then, Klaus put Matt's undershirt on him and helped him with his sleep pants. "Socks?""No, thanks," Matt sniffed. "Let me wipe your face," Klaus said getting a wet rag. Klaus wiped his face and smoothed back Matt's blond hair. He pulled Matt on his lap and was rocking him and patting his back. "I'm sorry, Dad. I don't mean to be such a brat and a baby," Matt admitted."I'm proud of you and all is forgiven. No, putting yourself down," Klaus said giving Matt's outer thigh a little swat as a reminder. "Can I go talk to the guys now? I want to tell them that I'm sorry," Matt asked with big eyes."How about," Klaus said thinking,"I will go get them and you can all sleep in here tonight? A little sleepover. Sound good?" Matt smiled. He finally felt better. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Klaus left the boys and went down to the main kitchen to get some blood for himself to drink. He returned his handy paddle to the drawer and hoped it would stay untouched for a while, though he wasn't overly confident that would happen. Klaus also thought the boys might need a few minutes to talk privately. Matt was lying on his stomach to keep pressure off his sore behind. He turned his head to look at Jeremy and Tyler."Are you guys sure you don't mind sleeping in here tonight? I wanted to talk to you. I mean it's not weird or anything is it?" Matt said sheepishly. "Um, three or four guys sleeping in the same bed. Yeah, it's weird but no one needs to know," Jeremy said getting in the bed next to Matt."Honestly, I'm happy to sleep here tonight," Tyler admitted also getting under the covers. The other two looked at him surprised. If the football team heard him, he'd never hear the end of it."I've been having some pretty nasty dreams. Like about my dad and hunters. I just-, never mind, man. What did you want to talk about?" Tyler asked. "I guess I just wanted to say that I was sorry for being such a dick lately. Jeremy, about yesterday, the cable thing...I shouldn't have tried to get you in trouble. Also, I'm sorry for trying to bribe you both to do my homework. I was dumb to go out when I was grounded. That isn't cool," Matt said staring forward at the pillow in front of him. "Matt, they were going to find out anyway about the porn. And you know, we are here to help with academic shit if you need it, okay? Just don't worry about it. We're here for you. It looks like you learned your lesson since you can't seem to flip over," Jeremy smiled. Tyler advocated, "We could give you a few swats on that burnin' ass  of yours if that helps your guilt go away.""Do not touch my ass, please. I seriously feel like it could fry an egg right now it's so hot. That paddle stings like little bees or something," Matt admitted.Jeremy patted Matt's back, "Don't worry, man. I won't let him smack you. I'll just tell Dad that it was really Tyler who ran up the porn bill!" Tyler punched him, "You promised you wouldn't tell. I know you watched that last movie I rented, too. Do not lie, dude." "Fine, I watched one and it was...interesting," Jeremy blushed. "Getting tired, boys?" Klaus said with his mug of blood in hand."Yeah, Dad. We were just asking if Matt wanted us to tutor him in math tomorrow. You know, I got an A in algebra last year. I have a lot I can teach him," Tyler effused."I'm sure that would do wonders for his test scores and his sore behind. I think it is a splendid idea! Now shut your eyes and go to bed, it's been a long few days," Klaus said finishing his blood and getting in the bed beside Tyler. He put his arm on his pillow and stroked his hair. Klaus waited until Jeremy and Matt were asleep before asking, "You have been having wolf dreams, haven't you?""How did you know?" Tyler asked amazed."I've been having them, too," Klaus admitted ------------------------"Marcel, Mikael is still out there. Now, my mother and Dahlia, it is not safe. If we don't help Dahlia bring back Finn, she said all of our first borns will be hers. I mean, what if, someday?" Rebekah looked at him hopefully. Marcel had grabbed her and said, "Rebekah Mikaelson, are you saying you want to have a baby with me." "Yes, you fool, but someday in the future. Not now. I just can't let you go again and you know Klaus,-" Rebekah started. "I know, I know. He won't let us go. I understand that the boys have family here and that is important, but in a couple of years, I don't see why we all can't move back to New Orleans? Think about it. We would only be separated for a couple of more years and then we'd all be together again," Marcel said kissing her softly."Marcel, you were born in New Orleans. But remember, we were born here. Well, Freya was born in the old country, but this is our home just as much as New Orleans," Rebekah reminded him."I do forget that. I guess I just miss it sometimes. There is nothing for me to do here except..." Marcel said pulling her back down into the bed.  The new morning, Rebekah got out of bed before Marcel. They had been fighting a lot. Now that the Regent was dead, he thought it possibly time for him to return to New Orleans. He wasn't sure that his guys could handle the pressure. There was some beef with the Crescent Wolves brewing in the bayou and he felt like he was needed. She was torn.  Rebekeh found Freya and Marie in the kitchen. "Hi Marie, how did you sleep? Freya, are you fully healed?" she blurted, pouring herself coffee. "I'm a little stiff, but better thanks to you. Marie here was just telling me a bit about her life in the Garden District," Freya said raising her eyebrows."Oh, what did you do for fun there?" Rebekah asked. Freya was behind her shaking her head. "I liked to catch things on fire with my fire and I used to be able to lift things. I can't do it now. I'm not sure why," Marie said sadly. Rebekah's eyes widened. Was this Delphine again? Witches be crazy."Oh, that's nice, dear. Did your grandmother allow you to practice witch craft in the house? I thought that was frowned upon," Rebekah asked politely as Freya busied herself cooking eggs."I wasn't allowed to, but I did anyway. Sometimes I was a bad girl," Marie snickered. Rebekah saw she was dressed in normal kid clothes today: shorts and a t-shirt. "Well, I hope you are not a bad girl here. That could get you in quite a lot of trouble," Rebekah warned. "I already got a spanking yesterday," Marie pouted. Rebekah thought, get used to it kid."Let me guess, grumpy Uncle Elijah?" Rebekah smirked as Elijah walked up behind them in his pristine navy suit. "Hopefully, everyone will behave today and I can give my hand a rest," Elijah said, accepting a mug of coffee from Freya with thanks. "Marcel is talking about leaving away," Rebekah said bluntly to Elijah."Oh no, it's not safe yet," Elijah scoffed. His first thoughts went to Klaus' reaction. "Is it? Is that really it? Or does Klaus just want to keep us here? Like prisoners?" Rebekah snapped. Freya picked up on the tension and asked Marie to come with her to cut herbs from the garden. "Come, Marie, we'll eat in a minute. Help me cut some basil and tarragon," Freya beseeched.Marie crossed her arms and said, "No" Freya plucked a wooden spoon from the utensil jar and swiftly whacked it against Marie's upper thigh."Ouch. Okay, jeez," Marie said rubbing the sore spot and moving quickly to follow Freya who left the spoon out on the counter.Elijah didn't seem to notice them leave. He was flabbergasted that Marcel would try to leave just days after an attack. "Young lady, you watch your tone. You know that we were JUST attacked and our brother turned to dust. We are in danger and Klaus helps keeps us safe. Do you understand what I am saying, Rebekah?" Elijah said more gently, patting her forearm."What I understand is that I am treated like a goddamn child and I'm tired of it. If Marcel goes back to New Orleans, I am going with him and neither of you can stop me," Rebekah shouted. Elijah's hand snaked out and grabbed her upper arm. He reached over the counter and grabbed the wooden spoon that Freya had just swatted Marie with. Swat!He landed it on Rebekah's right cheek. "You just reminded me that you are long overdo a spanking for the night you got kidnapped," Elijah chastised.Whack! He swatted her left cheek."No, Elijah, where are you taking me? I'm still in my pajamas. I'm an Original vampire, too. I'm too old to be spanked," Rebekah squealed as she was dragged across the floor. Kol was coming downstairs and stopped to stare at the drama unfolding in front of him. Elijah was smacking her with the spoon every few seconds as she tried to dance to avoid it."Brother, help me! He's going to spank me for no reason," she hissed, trying to pry her arm away from his iron grip. "Kol, if you interfere, you will also find yourself in a corner here soon," Elijah thundered. Kol wisely decided to stay out of it and keep walking into the kitchen. "I'm not interfering in anything, Elijah," Kol called.Freya came back in looking concerned. "What's wrong, love?" Kol asked looking at the purple herbs in her hands."There's a wild growth of not only vervain, but wolfsbane, in my herb garden," Freya answered. "Nasty stuff," Kol confirmed."Yes, but..." Freya drifted."I never planted it. I have no idea how it got there," Freya said looking at him in puzzlement. Marie was stomping her feet. "I went outside with you, now feed me.  I told you I don't eat eggs. I eat cereal in the morning," Marie stomped. "Where's that wooden spoon that was right here?" Freya groused about to bent Marie over the counter and give her another swat or two.Kol just pointed toward the direction Elijah was pulling Bex. Today seemed like a good day to hang out at the Grill. Bonnie was leaving his texts on read, but there were other ladies in Mystic Falls.  Kol had heard Matt and Tyler mention a 'Caroline', he sure would like to met her. Better than staying around here where tensions seemed to be rising.-----------------------Elijah marched Rebekah into the small book-lined office off of the dining room. It was wood paneled and had a small fireplace. He was thinking of asking Klaus if he could take this office and someone else could use the study upstairs. The old world charm of this room reminded him of his study in the plantation house in New Orleans where he used to write in his journals. If only he had time for that now. "Rebekah, I'm going to set the spoon down and ask you to talk to me calmly. Can you do that?" Elijah said letting go of her. Rebekah nodded and she continued to rub the back of her thighs were most of the whacks had landed. In truth, they were healing quickly, but she didn't want Elijah to know that. She felt silly in her light pink cotton pajamas when Elijah was in his dark expensive suit. Elijah leaned again the desk. "You cannot seriously think you are going to spank me because I got bloody kidnapped! Plus, that was weeks ago," Rebekah sassed."First of all, your rude attitude is making me think I didn't swat you hard enough with that spoon. Second of all, you were told to stay in your room. Niklaus was prepared to talk to you about a few things, and yes by talk I mean take the paddle to your hind end. You've been overspending, sneaking off, not to mention the disrespect... Anything you want to add?" Elijah encouraged. "You found my bag of lingerie the night I got lured to the cave by Mother. Yes, I went out to my car to get it. I shouldn't have gone outside, but been waiting in my room like a good little girl waiting for her spanking," Rebekah mimicked in a high voice. "I think you are trying to get me to lose my temper," Elijah declared. "Is it working?," Rebekah asked with mock innocence, "I'm not a kid.""You are going to stand in the corner until I can calm down and you can settle down," Elijah led her own to the only open open and gently pushed her in. He then surprised her by yanking down her pj pants to reveal another thong. He left the pants at her ankles. Then, changed his mind and had her step out of them.He grabbed the wooden spoon spanked her sit spots each twice. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!Rebekah shifted and tried to move. Elijah put the spoon in her hands said, "Hold this behind your back. It is going to be applied to your behind soon. How much? You will decide by your attitude when I get back." Since Klaus had been the one who was going to administer Rebekah's punishment from before, Elijah wanted to talk to him before spanking her. He was disappointed in himself for dragging her kicking and screaming into the study. He was glad none of the boys were up to see that. Elijah was pretty sure they didn't know that Kol, Rebekah, and Marcel were also subject to the occasional bottom warming. He wanted to keep it that way. "Elijah, have you seen Rebekah?" Marcel called to him from above the stairs. "Yes, Marcellus, I'm speaking to her right now. You will have to wait your turn," Elijah dismissed him. He knew how protective Marcel could be about Rebekah and he hated when she got punished in anyway. "Elijah, man, why you got to be like that?" Marcel demanded. "Like what, young man?" Elijah said stopping and looking back at him. "I don't know. Dismissive, rude, condescending? What are you hiding? Is Rebekah in trouble?" Marcel snarled. "Marcel, let's have this conversation later. Right now, I need to have a word with your father," Elijah said firmly. "Goddammit, you can go to hell! I know you are hiding something," Marcel said."Marcellus, you can go march yourself back up to your quarters and find a corner. I have had it up to here with the backtalk and disrespect. If you must know, I am about to have that same talk with my little sister. Now, march," Elijah said, as he turned him to land a hard smack on the center of his behind. Marcel tried to struggle but Elijah was much stronger. Klaus boomed, "Marcellus, I heard your uncle tell you to go to your room. If he has to repeat himself, you will not like the consequences." Marcel growl and punched a giant hole in the wall. He vamped in the direction of his room. "Pick your battles, Brother? I thought that's what your parenting book said," Klaus mused looking at the hole his angry son left in his wall. "I think I need a new book. The children are all getting out of hand. Speaking of, I have Rebekah in the corner of the downstairs study. She told me that she can go off with Marcel back to New Orleans and that she can do what she wants. Her attitude was atrocious," Elijah sighed. Klaus scrubbed his face with his hand, "Must be catching. They are talking about leaving again, aren't they? I would allow if they could behave like adults for solid one week, instead of like toddlers. That little tantrum my son pulled will not go unanswered. How about you thrash Rebekah and I will give Marcel the spanking he so richly deserves?" ------------------------Elijah stopped by the kitchen to talk to Freya. "I'm sorry about that. She and Marcel want to take off and go back to New Orleans. I think they are fighting and it makes both of them cranky.  I hope you don't mind me borrowing your spoon. It seemed to come in handy with Marie," Elijah admitted."She's a real pill, Elijah. I'm going to work with her downstairs today. I've already swatted her twice, put her in time out, and threatened to take away her doll. She just can't seem to behave for longer than five minutes. I was going to try to reward her if she does well with the magic.  Do you think that would work?" Freya inquired. "Rewards?" Elijah mused. "Can't hurt to try, right? Excuse me, but I promised Rebekah that we were going to have our little chat soon. She doesn't like to be kept waiting.""Brother," Freya called."Yes?" "Maybe this would work better than the spoon? I found it in the drawer."Freya handed him a rectangle cutting board with a short handle. "Indeed, Sister, indeed.""And here's a jar of the slow healing salve. Don't share this with Rebekah, but I think a good spanking will do her some good," Freya confessed as she tossed the jar to Elijah. "Share some of this with Nik, please. Marcel is also in need of that salve," Elijah said smiling. -----------------Rebekah was fuming. She was angry at everyone and everything.She hated the corner. She hated having her pants pulled down and holding this stupid spoon. She was torn besides dreading the spanking she knew she was facing and wanting to get it over with. Getting in trouble this early though meant that if her behavior was less than perfect the rest of the day, she was more likely to get her bum smacked again before bed. If she and Marcel could just run away, they wouldn't have to worry about getting punished and they could just do whatever. Maybe it was time. "Have you settled down, young lady?" Elijah started. "No, Elijah, I'm very angry. Sorry, but I just can't help it," Rebekah answered honestly. "Can you come here a second?" Elijah asked. He sat down on the couch, put the cutting board down, and opened his arms. Rebekah did not hesitate to fly into his arms and return the hug. She was still awkwardly holding the spoon and without her pj bottoms."I love you so much. It breaks my heard to think of losing you. There will be a time when you and Marcel can go off and do what you want. Now is not that time, okay?" Elijah said rubbing her back."I don't want to leave my family, but I don't want him to leave again," Rebekah said."I know. Don't worry. It will work out. Until then, you two need to stay here and show all of us that you can behave like adults. When I went up to talk to Niklaus, Marcel got angry me and punched a hole in the wall. The temper tantrums make you both seem not really to be out there on your own," Elijah cautioned. "Is Nik...going to..." she couldn't bring herself to ask."Yes, maybe as we speak. Sister, I'm sorry for losing my temper with you. You are too old to be thrashed across the house like that. I don't want the boys seeing that and asking questions about things that don't concern them. Forgive me?" Elijah fretted."Of course, but does that mean you're not going to spank me with that thing?" "Sorry, you earned a few firm swats with it. Can we agree on five swats with this paddle? It would be a lot more but we're trying something new," Elijah added."Oh no, what?" Rebekah asked, still being cradled in his arms. "Since we were afraid that vampire fast healing was curtailing all of you learning your lessons, we're going to try some creams that will protect your behind, but slow your healing a little," Elijah explained. "Elijah, no! That sounds awful," Rebekah cried. "Yes, but think of it this way, less spanking and more effects. So you will get a shorter spanking but your bottom will be sore for a little longer. That should help your behavior a great deal..Come on, it's time," Elijah said tipping Rebekah over his right knee quickly. Her hands slammed into the floor. Elijah started smoothing the slow healing cream over her behind down to her thighs. He pinned his right leg over her legs and decided there was no use talking anymore. Her bottom was shiny with the cream, but still an alabaster ivory color.Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! An even pink was forming and a slow fire was starting to form. Elijah cracked his hand down in a random pattern. He was swatting her quickly, wanting to finish the warm up. "Elijah, it's still starting to sting! That cream. It works," Rebekah said trying to shift and kick but being blocked by his leg. She also could not move her hands since they were supporting her. Elijah spanked until her whole behind was red and his hand was numb and then aching. Rebekah's begging for the spanking to stop turned into sobs and heavy breaths by the time he paused. To gain more access to her bare behind, he unlocked his leg and put them over both of his knees.  The skimpy thong she wore protected her modesty, but provided no protection against the sting of his hand. "'Lijah, g-god, s-s-s-topppp, I can't take it. Pleasee," Rebekah was barely making sense. "You can take more. You still have a paddling coming. We already talked about your misbehaviors, but I want to hear some apologies. Are you ready?" Elijah leaned to pick up the heavy cutting board. He rubbed it across her sore burning cheeks. Elijah placed his left hand on her lower back and raised the paddle. Pop!"I'm sorry! S-sorry. Stop please!" Rebekah screamed in panic. She felt like she couldn't take more. The makeshift paddle landed on both of Rebekah's cheeks hard. Her legs were now free to kick and she did wildly. Pop!"Ahhhh. I'm so sorry for b-being a b-brat. Don't s-s-spank me!"Elijah gave her a minute to breath between cracks of the paddle. With her slowed healing, he could tell this really was getting through to her.Crack! Elijah lowered the swats and Rebekah almost kicked off his lap."NO!" Smack!"OWWWWW" Rebekah was just wailing and writhing.This swat seemed to propel her higher up on his lap as he had to tighten his left arm to pull her in tighter.  Pop!With this last swat of the paddle Rebekah seemed to deflate and stop fighting. Some areas of her backside were almost white and the other dark red and pink. Her thighs were mostly untouched but her aimed to change that now."What did you learn, young lady?" Whap! Whap! WHap!Elijah spanked her thighs with his hand. She started kicking and pounding his leg with her fist."To be respectful, that the cream h-hurts, don't y-yell at you," Rebekah sobbed.Spank! Spank! Spank!"What is going to happened the next time you get a bad attitude?" Smack! Smack! Smack!"I get a s-spanking!" Elijah rubbed her bottom for a few minutes. "I love you, Rebekah. Always and...""F-F-Forever."He cuddled her to him for a long time and then redressed her.  He made sure the coast was clear to her room because he called her to come up. The room was empty so he guessed that Niklaus had Marcel in his bedroom.  
  
    Chapter Text
    The Grill was pretty dead. Kol was about to leave when he noticed a lovely girl staring at him. He figured what the hell and strolled over."Hello, love, what's your name?" Kol asked slipping into the stoll beside her.  "Vanessa, I love your accent. Where are you from?" Vanessa purred at the handsome vampire."Oh, all over really. I guess this is my home now. What about you?" Kol asked checking out the blue-eyed, brunette beauty. "Oh, I just got a job at the high school teaching. Are you a student there?" she asked. Damn, he thought, she looked so young."Well, I guess if my brothers have their way. I prefer to be ah, home schooled as they call it here," Kol grimaced. So much for romance."You seem very mature, though. How old are you?" Vanessa inquired. "17, almost 18, so pretty much an adult," Kol quipped wondering if he could just compel her. It had been a while since he had met with a lady friend. Tyler had showed him how to access the dirty movies on the telly, but he liked the real thing. "Well, it's been nice meeting you. I don't know your name-," Vanessa said holding out her hand."Kol. Kol Mikaelson," Kol almost shrieked when he went to shake her hand. Somehow he managed not to react to the vervain that coated her hands. "I guess maybe I will see you at the high school if you decide to go in the fall," Vanessa smiled and left .Kol couldn't stop from wiping his hand on his jeans.His vampire senses sensed another vampire nearby. He turned to see Damon Salavatore in a black leather jacket, though it was summer. "And that is what you call a hunter, a hot one, but a hunter," Damon said gulping down the last of his bourbon.It was 11 am. -------------------------------------Marcus stomped up to his old room ready to fight anyone who stood in his way. The corner? He was the King of New Orleans. His guys needed him. The Regent was dead. Mikael and Ester weren't interested in him. Sure, maybe they could use him to get to Klaus...Oh, he hadn't really thought if it that way, but did that give Elijah the right to blow him off?It hurt to remember how different Elijah used to be with him. Teaching him, guiding him, supporting him...then, Klaus got jealous and Elijah backed up. Those two were toxic together. He threw open the door. Shit, was that damn paddle still in here somewhere? Klaus had put it on the dresser and then- with his vampire senses, he heard someone coming. Marcel vamped to the corner and put his nose in it and his hands on his head. Marcel heard the door open and shut. From the footsteps, he knew it was Klaus.  He heard a drawer opening and shutting. Marcel shifted from foot to foot nervously. He had something else being placed on the dresser. He heard the bed creak. What was Klaus doing torturing him? Just as Marcel was able to complain, he heard Klaus speak. "Marcellus, come out of the corner so we can talk?" Klaus directed. Marcel looked at him to see if he looked angry, but he didn't. He breathed a sigh of relief. "Klaus, sorry about the wall. Elijah was really pissing me off. I'll pay for it. It's really not my fault though, if you would have heard him...," Marcel entreated."Oh, yes, you will pay for it. But I wonder what you would do if one of 'your guys' disrespected another of your lieutenants and damaged say, the compound. Would you kill him? Maim him? Throw him in the Mississippi? What would the punishment be?" Klaus asked lightly."I guess it depended on the circumstances. Like why did he do it, was he justified, and all that," Marcel deflected. 
"Let's say he was acting like a spoiled brat throwing a temper tantrum, would you discipline him? Or just give him a pass?""Yes, Klaus, I would discipline him," Marcel maintained. "How?" "Again, it depends on the crime. Okay, Klaus, look, maybe I did take a page from your book and get a little parental with some of the younger vampires. You're right. A sore butt sometimes works better than a stern word or a severed head. Do you want me to admit I deserve a spanking right now? Is that what this is about?" Marcel challenged. "Do you, Marcellus? I hear that you and my sister want to go off and live in New Orleans yet you both behave abominably when you don't get your way or have the slightest frustration. Does that give me confidence that you could avoid falling into one of Mikael or Ester's snares to get to me?" Klaus said pacing. "No, I get it. They could get to you through us. I want to stay but there is nothing for me to do here. I'm floundering, man. Kol and Rebekah look young enough for high school. I don't. What am I going to do?" Marcel cried out. "First of all, I don't think you look too old for high school, but what if we got you a job there. Hell, Son, you could be the principal if you wanted to. Just stay. Stay and I will make it worth your while. I'll teach you the family business, the real estate, the trading, the off shore accounts, everything. Please, I'm begging you, stay," Klaus said opening his arms.  Marcel came to his father and let himself be hugged. Klaus tapped his behind and said, "Your uncle is very upset with you. After I wear out the paddle on your rear end, you are going to find him and apologize. Then, I think the two of you, need to sit and have a long talk."
"Sit? I'll apologize, but not sure you will leave me able to sit," Marcel hinted."And there is a new salve that will allow me to shorten your spanking a good deal," Klaus started, pulling out the salve."What's the catch?" Marcel wondered."It will slow down your healing so this lesson sinks in a bit more," Klaus said slowly."Freya?" "Yes, she's quite talented with herbs, is she not?" Klaus smiled motioning to Marcel to take off his trousers. With his poor behavior today, Marcel didn't even bother to ask to keep up his pants. He supposed getting his bottom bared was part of the punishment.  Marcel stripped to his boxers and waited a second. He wasn't eager to get bare-assed. Klaus grabbed the round paddle from the dresser that he had promised Marcel would help inspire him to behave. Marcel was grateful that this room was vacant and Rebekah wasn't witnessing him get put over his father's knee for smart mouthing his uncle and wanting to run away from home. Again. "Bare your naughty behind so I can do the salve," Klaus instructed his son. Marcel just took off his boxers and folded them on a chair.  He positioned himself over Klaus's lap on the bed, stretching out awkwardly. No matter how many spankings he got, he always felt nervous. It never got easy, maybe it got harder. Marcel cursed himself for his display of temper today. Klaus handed him a pillow to clutch and flipped up Marcel's shirt tail to see his entire backside. "Here we go," Klaus murmured smoothing the cool gel over the area he would soon heat up. He made sure to coat Marcel's thighs and then rubbed it in throughly. Klaus patted Marcel's behind."Feel anything?" Klaus asked patting a little firmer."It just feel cool so far. Klaus, I-" Marcel never finished his sentence. Smack! Smack! Smack! SMACK! SMACK! Klaus brought his hand down on both of Marcel's unblemished cheeks hard. The swats took away Marcel's breathe and were firm enough to push him further up on Klaus' lap. "Every time I think of going easy on you, I'm going to think of Elijah's face after you disrespected him like that. I've rarely seen him so hurt," Klaus admitted. WhaP! WHAP! SPANK! SPANK!Klaus was now swatting from the center of one cheek to the next. For over a minute, he spanked the exact same spots until Marcel was kicking and trying to fly off his lap. Marcel had tears dripping down his face, but wasn't crying aloud. "If the boys saw you punch that wall, I assure you, they were be here now watching you take a good spanking on your smarting little bottom," Klaus lectured now dropping down to Marcel's sit spots.  Klaus was in rare form with the lecturing, Marcel could tell that hurting Elijah wounded Klaus terribly, too. Marcel clamped his mouth shut determined not to make a sound. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!Marcel tried to escape the tremendous cracks by rocking from side to side. This was impossible as Klaus had locked down his movement with his left arm. 
"No, K-Klaus, P-papa, please stop the spanking. I c-can't breathe. I can't t-take it anymore," Marcel said throwing to throw his right hand back. Klaus stopped and said, "Put your hands behind your back." 
Crack! Crack! Crack!"Now," Klaus demanded spanking harder.Marcel obeyed and started crying, begging for the painful swats to stop. "Please P-papa, I can't take a paddling," Marcel wailed. Klaus stopped and examined Marcel's rear. It was red from the crest of his behind to the tops of his thighs. Klaus knew he could and would take a paddling before this was over. "I warned you that any attitude, sass, or misbehaving was going to get you paddled again didn't I? Hmm. Would your guys respect you if you made empty threats? When I promise you a spanking and you disobey, isn't it my job to follow through?" Klaus asked tapping the tops of Marcel's thighs with his hand. Marcel groaned when he felt Klaus lean to grab the former wooden toy, not an instrument of discipline. Marcel's cheeks were trembling in anticipation of the first pop of the paddle. Klaus lined up the paddle and brought it down on the center of his stinging behind.Swat! "No!" Marcel's legs began to kick and Klaus had both of his hands pinned behind him. Pop! POP! Pop! POP!Klaus paddled in a random pattern for two solid minutes. He was smacking lightly as he knew the reverse healing cream was slowing down Marcel's vampire abilities. "I'm sorry for sassing Elijah, p-please, P-papa, stoppppp," Marcel wailed pitifully. Marcel was kicking and thrashing the whole time. When he finally seemed to wear himself out, Klaus released his hands. "You hands say in front or after Elijah talked to you, you will sit on your sore behind after and write 'I will behave myself while I'm getting a good paddling that I richly deserve.'" Klaus smiled to himself as assigning lines was more Elijah's forte, not his. That sounded like some of the silly punishment lines that he had handed out in the past, mostly to Kol, who really hated writing them. "O-okay," Marcel cried."Your spanking is almost over, young man. But I want to see a marked changed in attitude when dealing with your uncle and your new responsibilities here. No more holing up in the bedroom all day or this will become your room again? Understand?" Klaus asked continuing to paddle Marcel firmly. When Marcel lay spent and exhausted, his red bottom shiny and swollen, Klaus gave him one more hard swat that caused his whole body to jerk and stopped.  Klaus put the paddle down and scooped Marcel into his arms like he always did. Marcel howled when his bottom brushed against Klaus's lap. Klaus carefully moved his aching behind to a more comfortable position. Marcel's hands were glued firmly to his behind as he continued to sob. Without his vampire healing, the burning sting was unbearable. "Shh, let it on, dear. I love you so much," Klaus said kissing him and rubbing his back. "Sorry, P-p-papa," Marcel cried. Klaus wiped off Marcel's face and rocked him like he like we he was young and got injured or was sick or upset."Your uncle loves you, too. I know the problems between you two are my fault. I loved you too much. I didn't want to share your affections when you were a child. I hope I have changed and that you and Elijah can, too," Klaus hummed and Marcel became drowsy. "Come, let's get you dressed and see Elijah. He's probably going to make you fix that wall with him, if he hasn't already done it," Klaus said starting to stand Marcel up. "Am I going to get another spanking from him?" Marcel asked trembling. "Oh, dear, I don't know. If he decides you need another spanking, that that is between you and him," Klaus said helping Marcel put on his boxers. The elastic band scratched his stinging cheeks and he stomped his feet in agony. "Pants, next," Klaus said. "I can't. It hurts too much," Marcel whined. "What would hurt is getting another swat with the paddle on an already well-spanked behind," Klaus smiled. "Fine," Marcel said pulling on his snug pants and hissing when the fabric clung to his seat. He took a deep breath and buttoned them. Klaus put the paddle and salve in the dresser and walked out arm in arm with his eldest son.----------------------- Freya examined all the plants in the gardens again. Aside from the vervain and the wolfsbane, nothing was out of the ordinary. "Freya, look! There's a bunny," Marie said, laughing and clapping her hands. "I think you scared it away, child," Freya smiled. She was having trouble not seeing Marie as the one who killed her brother, Finn. That moment kept replaying in her mind, the fire, Finn helping, and even Mother trying to protect her. Dahlia's words chilled him. To bring back the dead was the most forbidden spell a witch could do. There was a balance to all nature, so to bring back a life, took a life. Would she have to kill someone to save her brother? Like Marie/Delphine, would that other soul still be in the body? What if she could bring back Finn, but in his own body? She needed time and a coven."Freya, can we have ice cream?" Marie asked."Sure, Marie. Like I told you before, after your dinner. Now, you can go in and play until lunch is ready," Freya said. She had to admit the girl was getting better now that she knew they wouldn't put up with her burning the place down. The magic blocking tea was still working, but Freya wondered if the effects would lesson in time. "Marie, tell ya what, if you can be good until lunch, you can have your ice cream right away. Just don't tell Uncle Elijah." "Okay," Marie said running off. "There you are," Kol said looking nervous. "I thought you went to impress all the ladies at the Grill?" Freya asked tossing down the vervain. "Well, I met a hot one and it turns out that she is a hunter. She's also a teacher at the high school," Kol explained."Oh, you can't date a teacher if you attend as a students, plus, if she's also trying to kill you all the time...no a great start to a romance," Freya said walking back to the mansion. "What's up with that?" Kol said noticing the patch of vervain."So that was there, as well as wolfsbane. I don't know if hunted mass spread some kind of seeded or what, but this isn't a great sign. How did you know this hot teacher is a hunter?" Freya said not exactly sure what hunters did, but she guess it wasn't good."Damon Salvatore told me. He's a local vampire. His brother Stefan dates Jeremy's sister, Elena. He also happens to be on the town council," Kol said opening the door for her. "Thank you, Brother," Freya said. "Are Nik and Elijah around?" Kol said looking around. "Oh, um, Marcel got into a little bit of trouble so he's ah, with Klaus. Also, ignore the giant hole. Rebekah is in her room. I think Elijah already, you know, had his chat with her, as you saw this morning. I think the boys got scared into good behavior because they have been studying or something all day upstairs, aside from raiding the refrigerator," Freya informed him."A hole in the wall, huh? I did that a few times and I'll tell ya, not worth the lashing," Kol laughed."Lashing?" Freya said alarmed. "No, not really a lashing, more of a humiliating trip over someone's knee with my drawers down. The only one who ever gave us a real lashing was Mikael," Kol said starting off into space."Was he really that bad, Kol. The father that I remember was my hero. Full of fun and-," Freya mused. "Fun? Love, the things Mikael did to Nik..., to all of us, they haunt us. There were times he almost beat him to death. He beat all of us, but he hated Nik. Always raging about him being weak and...I"m sorry. I guess ya had to be there, but be glad that you weren't," Kol said grabbing her hand."Kol, Dahlia didn't try to beat or kill my body, but she killed my soul. She made me her slave, her puppet. She haunts me still. Dahlia didn't just want to use my magical power, she wanted all of it. I won't feel safe until she's dead or trapped," Freya admitted."We feel the same way about Mikael," Kol said sadly. Freya nodded, "So what's the plan with these hunters?""Damon told me another teacher Alaric is in with the hunters, but will help us vamps and wolves. There are at least four more students or hunters at the school, maybe maybe. I guess the townsfolk start training their offspring as hunters when they enter. The bloody Mystic Fall high is a hunter training ground!  I feel like to learn more, we're going to have to infiltrate the school. Go team!," Kol said letting go of her hand. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Marcel and Klaus looked at each and smiled knowingly as they saw a small crew of workman repairing the wall that Marcel had punched a hole in a few hours earlier. Elijah could not wait to get it fixed apparently. "Not surprised at all," Klaus remarked. "I should have been the one to take care of. I'll go talk with him now-if he even will see me," Marcel lamented, not blaming Elijah if he was too busy to listen to Marcel's lame excuses."He'll listen to you, Son. He always has. I'm going to see what the lads are up to, they have been awfully quiet today. You okay?" Klaus asked. Marcel glanced at the workers and nodded. Just walking down the hallway slowly in this tight trousers made his backside feel scratchy and raw. Marcel was going to beg Freya to never make that anti-healing crap again. Marcel found Elijah in his bedroom with the door open meticulously folding clothes. His television was on and it was tuned to Murder She Wrote. Elijah chided the boys for watching so much tv, but Marcel had to chuckle at Elijah's selections. That's interesting, Marcel thought.He always suspected Elijah had used one of those plastic folding things for the t-shirts and towels, everything was always too perfect. There it was, sitting on the coffee table."Hey," Marcel said leaning against the doorway, glancing at the plastic folding guide."Hello, Marcellus. It's called a folding board. They gave it to me for free at the dry cleaners, since I was such a good customer," Elijah smiled kindly as if no words had been crossed between them. "Can I-?" Marcel indicated that he wanted to shut the door. "Of course," Elijah said continuing to fold. "Thanks. I wanted to apologize for earlier. I'm sorry. I was rude and insolent. Klaus was very...disappointed in my behavior and made that clear. That's not why I'm here, though. You didn't deserve what I said to you and I hope you can forgive me," Marcel concluded trying to look at Elijah."Marcellus, I appreciate that. I do, however, feel that it is I who owes you an apology. I was short and dismissive of you. You were right to accuse me a while ago of always seeing you a boy. I do sometimes, though you are 200 years old. But you are a man and you should be able to make your own decisions, but I'm afraid that is a luxury we don't always have in this family," Elijah noted, stopping his chore for a moment."Thanks, Elijah. My dad also talked to me about staying until things calm down. I agreed. He said I can learn more of the family business, which I wouldn't mind doing. If you don't mind me getting in the way," Marcel grinned. "Of course not, you were always so quick a learner. It was...hard for me to pull away from you those many years ago," Elijah now looked down. He saw himself teaching Marcellus Hamlet. What fun they had had! Another story about a prince, albeit a doomed one.Marcel saw the distress on his face and went over to him. Elijah took a moment, stood up, and embraced him. "Thank you, Marcel. I don't think Rebekah is ready to leave right now. But I promise you someday, I will do everything I can to give you two the life you have always dreamt about, no matter what," Elijah said appreciating the fact that Marcel decided to stay and why Elijah had turned his back on him years past. Elijah had always put Klaus first and Klaus needed to be Marcel's only "Papa", so Elijah did what he did best: sacrifice, protect, and clean up.---------------------------"Am I trying seeing this for real or is this a mirage?" Klaus pondered.Matt, Tyler, and Jeremy were doing their tutoring work on the table."We're almost done, Dad. I was going to go lift next," Tyler mentioned erasing something. "Tyler, please make sure you never lift alone. That can be quite dangerous, I hear. Muscle failure and all that. I can hire you a trainer anytime, if you just let me know ahead," Klaus remarked. "Dad, I'll be fine. I've been lifting for year," Tyler retorted. "It's okay. I'll go with him," Matt promised. "I just don't know if I am going to want to you know push it today. I'm already feeling a heck of a burn already." Matt smiled and rubbed the seat of his pants. It felt a little warm and itchy, but he was pretty much back to normal.
"Well, behave yourselves and none of you will ever have that issue again. Jeremy, want to paint later?" Klaus questioned the brown haired boy."Sure, Bonnie said something about coming over later. I think she wants to talk to you guys and Freya about something," Jeremy remembered. "How about we all stay around the house tonight? Maybe for the next few days even. I'm hearing that these hunters may be a bigger problem than we thought," Klaus cautioned. "No problem, Dad," Tyler promised. "Remember, gentleman, your safety is my first priority," Klaus said walking out. After Klaus left and was well down the hall, Jeremy whispered, "So then I guess we're not even going to ask about the party?""Ask? You heard the man. The answer would be no," Tyler said bluntly.Matt suggested, "Maybe if we asked Kol, it would be okay. He might scare off all the girls, but man, I don't want to miss this party. You do it every summer. It's tradition."Tyler went on, "Caroline did tell me she can get us this new drink called Four Loko. It's supposed to really put the girls in the mood."
Jeremy considered it and said, "Cool. I'm in."
Tyler always hosted a party on his family's property. There was a swim hole there. His parents were always a little iffy about it because they were worried that someone would get hurt and they would be liable. Tyler tried to keep it pretty chill, only inviting a small group of friends and some guys from the team. If he didn't do this summer, people would think he was going soft.------------------------------Elijah had been watching a good deal of American television. He preferred British shows and Masterpiece Theater, and of course a decent murder mystery, but he wanted to learn more about typical family life. He saw a tv family hosting a barbecue and thought they should have a cook out on their own.  Marie and the boys deserved a touch of normalcy, although the threat from the hunters in town seemed real. Freya and Marie made potato salad and fries. Rebekah and Marcel were in charge of the grill. Elijah was cutting a watermelon and Kol kept rolling his Elijah's apron which read, "Kiss the chef!"  Kol helped where he could, but was a little lost in the kitchen. Klaus and Jeremy were still painting or sketching or whatever they did. "It's almost ready. Kol can you call Niklaus and Jeremy please?" Elijah said putting raw hot dogs and hamburgers on a plate."KLAUS! JEREMY! DINNERRR!!!" Kol shouted loudly."I could have done that myself. Go get them, please," Elijah said handing the tray of meat to Marcel, who came in from outside. Everyone was getting the food on the table and sitting down on a long table outside when Matt and Tyler came home from their first football practice dripping with sweat and dirty."Boys, you should have showered before dinner. I know this is casual attire, but really," Elijah scolded lightly. Matt sheepishly grinned and easily apologized, "Sorry!" Tyler sniffed his arm pit and snarked, "I'm wearing deodorant, for God's sakes!"Klaus was busy helping Marie try to get ketchup out of the glass bottle. Marcel suggested he use a knife to try to ease the process. "You know that only masks the stench, right, mate?" Kol said trying to figure out the purpose of the sharp little knives."It's not our fault we got out late," Tyler mumbled under his breath.Jeremy said, "They're for the corn on the cob so you don't get butter on your hands." Jeremy showed him his corn holders and how they worked. 
"Ah, thanks," Kol said jamming them into the corn before rolling the ear in butter."This from a guy who doesn't know how to eat corn! Can someone pass the relish?" Tyler scoffed.Kol threw a quick glance at Klaus to see if caught this exchange but he was distracted by spooning baked beans onto his plate. The Originals had never eaten fare such as this, but they wanted to give everything a try. Klaus was much better at compelling a four or five star chef to cook for his events, rather then to try to throw together anything himself.  "Marie, how are you adjusting to our little home here, dear?" Klaus asked eating his cheeseburger. Marcel a pro on the grill, he had to admit. "Good. I just wish I could see my grandmother, though. She told me that I could get a doll house," Marie said dripping ketchup all over her white blouse. Freya tried to wipe it off, but it just smeared more. "I'll soak it later," Elijah assured her. "We can get you a lovely dollhouse. We could even build one together. What say you?" Klaus asked the small red-haired beauty. Marie nodded yes excitedly."Isn't her grandmother d-" Tyler started to say dead, but Freya cut him off and said, "Yes, she's in New Orleans, Tyler."
Now, all the adults, except for Kol were glaring at him. "Tyler, you seem rather on edge tonight. If your workout didn't didn't settle you down, perhaps we can have a chat about it later. I would hate for you to have to miss the delicious pie your uncle labored over," Klaus threatened in a serene voice.  "I did make the crust myself, but the ladies peeled and cored all the apples," Elijah added."Do you understand me, Son?" Klaus pressed starting hard at Tyler. "Yeah, I get it," Tyler grumbled. "Good," Klaus said not wanting to ruin the dinner that everyone had worked so hard to make a nice time for everyone. Tyler rolled his eyes, Matt could see him becoming more irritated by the second."That was very nice everyone. We should do this every week. I do think that since we don't have a maid that paper plates would be a good option, though," Rebekah suggested starting to take in the dirty plates. "I see several 'dish washers' sitting right here in front of us. How about we'll clear, y'all wash and dry?" Marcel suggested as the boys grunted consent.As all the adults, except Kol, started to clear the table and bring out the watermelon and the pies Elijah made, Matt caught Jeremy's eye. Tyler was sitting in between the two of them. As Tyler was gulping down his post-workout Gatorade, Matt took his discarded hotdog out of the bun and threw it on Tyler's lap."Look Jer, it's Tyler's mini weiner," Matt burst out pointing at Tyler's lap. The ketchup and mustard had stained his shorts. The severed hotdog rolled in between Tyler's lap comically.Jeremy laughed and covered his face, "Dude, stop." Kol glanced in the house and said, "Stop it, you bleedin' idiots."Marie laughed and said, "You called them bleedin'!""I'm sorry, love. They are very silly, are they not?" Kol said smiling at Marie several seats down from him. "Think that's funny, Jer? Matt, you're an asshole," Tyler said kicking Jeremy's chair and swiping the hotdog to the ground. Matt was now laughing hysterically. "Sorry, man. Shit, I mean, stuff like that used to make you laugh," Matt chortled, breaking down again. Jer was also laughing harder now and looked against at Kol who was shaking his head. "Freakin' moron," Tyler said shoving Matt off his chair. Kol vamped over to see if he was okay. "Settle down, lad. This isn't going to get you anywhere you want to be, ya hear?" Kol said sternly to Tyler, who was still glaring at Matt.Rebekah came out to get more dishes and asked what was happening. "Fuck you, Kol. Don't come over here and act like my old man. You're a screw up," Tyler sneered. Kol's fangs started to come out and he was tempted to grab Tyler by the shirt and toss him across the yard about 20 feet. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Marie and took a breath. "The old me might have retaliated. The new me is telling you to go inside and don't come out until you can calm now," Kol said in a serious tone. Freya came out, "Kol, is everything okay? Matt, why are you on the ground?"
"I think Tyler here needs a, what do you call it, time out. But he doesn't seem to want to listen," Kol said evenly."You and Freya can go back to hell or where ever you came from," Tyler shouted."Tyler, go wait in Elijah's study. NOW!" Freya demanded.Everyone was surprised and looked at her in shock. Tyler stomped into the house and took himself to Elijah's study. Matt and Kol filled Freya and the others in on what happened. Klaus was going to go deal with it. "Niklaus, can I speak to you alone?" Freya asked pulling him aside for privacy."Of course. I'm sorry if he was disrespectful to you," Klaus begun. "No, it's fine. I've been thinking of this since I found that wolfsbane and we learned about the hunters. You know it's almost the full moon. I know that is part of it. I have some ideas for herbal remedies that may help Tyler. I did want to talk to him, though, because one is made out of the actual wolfsbane and it's going to burn," Freya explained. "Sure, can you wait until after I thrash him within an inch of his life?" Klaus asked with his eyebrows up. "Actually, if they are ever going to respect me as their eldest aunt, let me deal with him. After all, he tell me to go back to hell," Freya reasoned. "You certainly have my permission to discipline any of them as you see fit. I trust you, Sister. However, Tyler is strong and I'm not sure he will submit to your authority easily," Klaus admitted."How about I just have a talk with him and if he still gives me attitude, I give him a few crisp swats with Elijah's cutting board. That should do the trick. If he can cooperate, all will be forgiven. He can make his amends and make it back in time for pie," Freya explained.  "Well, you have worked wonders with Marie this week. I am happy to support any punishment you deem fit for him whether it be that nasty cutting board or scrubbing toilets. I really thought he was going to let Marie know about her grandmother's death. We need to tell her soon," Klaus said sadly. "I know. We'll worry about that next," Freya said kissing Klaus on the cheek. "Thank you for trusting me." -------------------Tyler said on the leather couch and was bouncing his knee. Then, he paced around the study. Is that a paddle sitting on the desk? What was with this family? Jeez, can't someone have a bad day without-"Tyler, hey, have a seat," Freya said sweetly breezing into the office. "Look, Freya-" Tyler started stopping when he saw her expression. "Try again," she scolded."Aunt Freya, I'm sorry about the scene out there...," Tyler sat heavily on the couch and put his head in his hands. He became too overwhelmed with emotion to talk without crying, so he just sat there helplessly."Tyler, you realize the full moon is in two days, right?" Freya said sitting down next to him."No, I kind of blocked out the wolf thing. If it wasn't for the dreams, then I probably would have," Tyler choked out getting control of himself. "Dreams?" Freya pressed."They are getting worse. A few times my Uncle Mason or my father was talking to me, telling me things about the Lockwood family, the property, caves, but when I wake up, I don't remember it clearly. Sometimes hunter are chasing me. Sometimes I'm the wolf and I am..." Tyler stopped."Tyler, you can tell me? It's okay," Freya comforted. "I'm hunting. Tearing into my prey, ripping it open.  Sometimes it rabbits, but other times it's...vampires," Tyler spat out ashamed. In the dreams when he hunted, he felt free and alive. Instead of feeling angry, he felt, free. "It's okay, Tyler. We're going to help you. I think I can make a bit of a potion or medicine that can help you with these mood swings. I am going to need your help with the dosage. Some of it will burn because I think in order for it to work, it needs to be distilled from wolfsbane. So some of this may be unpleasant. It may burn and you actually might feel worse for a while," Freya speculated. "Aunt Freya, the truth is, I've always been kind of a dick my whole life. I used to bully other kids for fun. I used to brag a lot because I was rich and my dad was the mayor. I sucked up to my coached but rubbed it in the faces of the other team members that I was a better player. I know some of this is the curse, but some of it isn't. Christ, I even swore in front of Marie today like ten times. Can you help me with that?" Tyler asked hopefully. Freya stood and picked up the wooden paddle on the desk, "I think that is where this will come in handy." Freya ran her finger down the blade.
Tyler gulped, "You're going to hit me? With that thing?""I found it in the kitchen. It's a cutting board, or was. But maybe you're right? We might need something of more substance if this is going to work," Freya muttered thinking. "Substance, Freya? I mean, Aunt Freya, what are you talking about?" Tyler said getting up and joining her near the desk. "I think if I give you a strong herbal elixir, and match that with a routine physical punishment this may work together to negate your innate werewolf aggression. Tyler, your werewolf side is fighting your human side for you to trigger your curse. Once I get anchored in a coven, I can also do a spell that could help, but right now...I'm afraid this is all I have," Freya admitted. "So the shitty way I act isn't my fault?" Tyler said triumphantly."Oh, sweet boy, I didn't say that. A good deal of your little tantrum tonight was completely your fault. Shall we take care of that now?" Freya said clearing books off of the desk. "You c-can't. Come on. Can't I have another chance?" Tyler whined wishing that he had taken a shower after practice like they were supposed to.  "I promised your father I will deal with this. Do I need to get Kol to hold you down? I'm sure he would do that with great pleasure. I thought we could get out there in time for dessert. Bend yourself over the desk please. Grip the other side," Freya demanded indicating Elijah's large mahogany desk..Tyler's face was flushed and he felt faint. He knew she was technically his aunt but to have to be punished by a girl who looked only a little older than him was the worst. No, Kol holding him down would probably be much worse. Tyler took a  deep a breath and did as she asked.  His backside was in a perfect position for her to "discipline" as she saw fit. He was wearing the gray sweatpants he had worn to practice. Freya lined up the blade of the short wooden board on the seat of his pants. "Tyler, tell me why you are bent over Elijah's desk right now about to get spanked," Freya said, now tapping him with the paddle."I had an attitude at dinner," Tyler answered glumly. Whack! Tyler felt almost nothing through his pants. Whack!"You're not feeling this are you?" Freya sighed, pushing back her blond bangs. "Honestly, no," Tyler affirmed."I'm sorry but pants down, you can leave up your under-" Freya said yanking down his sweats to see Tyler was only clad in his athletic supporter.  "Ah, yeah, it's what we have to wear so now you're looking at my bare ass-" Tyler muttered. Crack! Freya smacked his bare buttocks hard with her hand leaving a red hand print behind. The straps of the white elastic encased his backside nicely for her. She was tempted to swat him again, but just the one whack stung her hand."Watch that mouth," Freya cautioned. Picking up the paddle again. Maybe she should have listened more to Klaus, she wasn't sure she could do this. "Sorry," Tyler yelped."Okay, let's try this again. These straps do provide me with a nice target. Shall we?" Freya said, lining up for her next swing. Pop!The wooden blade cracked down on both of Tyler's checks. Now that smarted. He clamped his mouth shut and steeled himself to not move. "Do you really think this is going to help me stop from triggering my curse?" Tyler gasped. "Oh no, this paddling is for your poor behavior at dinner. Cursing, kicking, pushing, and yelling," Freya reminded Tyler.Crack! She targeted his right cheek. That elicited a hiss from him. Whack! Left cheek. Tyler shifted a little to ease the sting. Smack! Smack! Two hard ones on his sit spots. Tyler raised his head a little. He bit his lip hard to avoid moaning but did stomp his feet. Anything to stop that stung."What are we learning here, honey?" Freya asked pausing and rubbing his behind with the paddle. "That you're stronger than you look," Tyler quipped breathing a little harder. Whack. Whack! Those struck him on both checks and he let out a small yelp of pain to his dismay. "Wrong answer. Keep still or you will have an audience for your spanking. I might even let Kol give you a whack or two for the sass you gave him tonight. I know you don't want anyone else to see you in that thing. Try again," Freya said lifting the paddle again."It's an athletic supporter. *CRACK* Sorry, okay, um. T-that I need to be better and I should tell everyone that I'm sorry. Also, that I need to make sure I don't h-hurt anyone...and turn," Tyler said with emotion.Crack. Crack! Crack! Freya slammed the blade so both of his cheeks would feel the impact of the paddle. Freya was done, she put down the paddle and smoothed her hand over his reddened cheeks. A part of her wasn't sure if he couldn't use a few more swats, but she had lost her will. "It's over. You're all forgiven. All done, k.?" Freya whispered.She heard Tyler moan and shift. She steadied him with her left hand. "I don't want to be a werewolf," Tyler whispered as he let his body relax. His backside was smarting and burning in a few spots, but he had had worse."Tyler, I will do everything I can to help you. You're my family now. I love you. We all love you. Come on, hon, let's get these pants up," Freya said gently pulling his sweats over his stinging bottom. Tyler had a few unshed tears in his eyes. The spanking had stung but was more humiliating than anything. Yet when Freya pulled him to her, the shame melted into relief. She squeezed and felt the tension in his back. She rubbed her hand up and down it and knew she was running out of time. The inner wolf in him was snarling. Her hand dropped to his backside and she gave him a light smack to his right cheek."I'm going to start working today and hopefully I'll have something solid you can try tomorrow. You're alright," Freya said pulling back and looking at him. "Thanks, Aunt Freya. I'm going to try real hard. You'll see," Tyler promised rubbing his cheeks unconsciously. "I know. And Tyler, don't forget to take a shower tonight!" Freya said putting everything back exactly where Elijah had it, including the paddle. She would talk to Klaus about making something with a bit more of a bite to it. They would need it, if her plan to save Tyler was going to work.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bonnie went to the mansion alone. Elena was hardly around because she was constantly at the Salvatore boarding house with Stefan and Damon. Bonnie didn't want to criticize Elena, but Jeremy was her brother and she hardly saw him anymore. It was kind of sad.  Elijah greeted Bonnie politely, "Right in time for pie."  "Oh, please don't go to any trouble," Bonnie smiled.  "It is no trouble at all, my dear Miss Bennett," Elijah said leading her to the kitchen.  Bonnie looked around but didn't see Freya anywhere. Klaus and the little girl were sitting on the couch in the great room looking at a doll house catalog.  "Hey, guys!" Bonnie greeted Jeremy and Kol who were sitting at the kitchen counter. Jeremy was eating more pie and Kol had a glass of blood. Matt had run upstairs to take a shower and change. Before he went up, he asked to speak to Klaus and Elijah alone. Matt had something he wanted to get off his chest. "Bonnie, looking lovely as usually," Kol said trying to kiss Bonnie's hand. She laughed and pulled it away. He could stare into her beautiful brown eyes forever. Her smile lit up the room.  "My sister didn't want to come?" Jeremy asked disappointed.  "Sorry, Jer, she's with the Salvatores," Bonnie explained. "Both of them," Jeremy inquired confused.  "Pretty much. Damon is always lurking around. Now that he's on the town council, his ego is bigger than ever!" Bonnie divulged.  Elijah set Bonnie's plate in front of her, "Any news of the hunters?" "I hate hunters," Kol intoned. "I wouldn't mind ripping through this lot once we figure out who they are." "It's not good," Bonnie admitted. "New hunters seem to pop up everyday.  Damon is working with Alaric, Mr. Saltzman, to see other ways we can counteract their measures.  I'm working on a couple of spells. Speaking of, where's Freya?" "She's ah, talking to Tyler. They should be out in a few minutes," Elijah explained.  "I just never knew Mystic Fall was so full of prejudice," Bonnie retorted."Bonnie, I'm afraid that vampires have brought much of this on ourselves by killing and feeding in plain sight. There is no need for anyone to die at the hand of a vampire these days. Wolves naturally turn to hunt us first, before they hunt humans or other animals on the full moon. Perhaps that is nature's way of balancing out things," Elijah proffered.  "Maybe. Mr. M., this is amazing pie. Did you make this?" Bonnie gushed."I had some help, but thank you. Oh look, there's Tyler," Elijah noted. He looked rumbled and was walking a tad stiffly.  "Hey, Ty, is Freya on her way? I have some good news," Bonnie announced finishing her pie. Before she could take her plate to the sink, Elijah interceded and grabbed it asking her if wanted more. She declined as she liked the pie, but needed to talk to Freya urgently.  "Yeah, she's on her way. She's just cleaning up in the study," Tyler said looking anxiously at Kol and Jeremy.  Elijah could see they needed to talk alone and invited Bonnie to follow him to the study to chat with Freya. Jeremy put his plate in the dishwasher and went up to their room.  Once they were gone, Tyler flushed and said, "I'm sorry, Kol. I was a dick. Really, I was way out of line." "Forget it, mate. For a second, I was ready to rip your head off. Then, I remembered that, not only are you a teenager, you got that curse ripping around in your head," Kol acknowledged. "Yeah, that's what Freya ah, talked to me about. But honestly, me being an asshole, isn't all the curse so...she ah made that clear," Tyler flushed. Since the house had an open floor plan, Klaus and Marie could probably hear them if they tried. But at the same time, he didn't want Kol to think he go off scot-free. "Was it bad, Tyler?" Kol blurted. "Not like," Tyler jerked his head to indicate Klaus in the other room, as he continued to whisper, "but worse than I thought. I wasn't  crying but my ass is kind of raw now. It could have been a lot worse, so I'm not complaining for once. I better go take a shower. So we're good, man? I'm--" Tyler didn't finish his apology because Kol pulled him into a quick hug.  "I know. I'm glad I didn't kill you tonight, but I think that shower is long overdue, lad!" Kol said smacking Tyler's rear end.  "Ouch! If one more person..." Tyler laughed, glad Kol wasn't mad at him. Now he had to find Matt. -----------------------"Freya, I have an idea," Bonnie started.  "Sure, Bonnie. Let's hear it," Freya said glad to see the younger witch. "What if I induct you into the Bennett witch coven? I'm mean since Gram died, it's only me, but maybe we can grow it again. Would that work?" Bonnie wondered.  "I love it, Bonnie. Thank you for considering it. Let's give it a try and hope for the best. I have some things to run past you also. Do you know any spells about untriggered werewolves?" Freya said.--------------------Jeremy was still in the shower when Tyler came up to talk to Matt.  Matt was in his bed turned to the wall.  "Matt?"  When there was no response, Tyler went on, "You have a right to be mad at me. I don't even know how you can be friends with me. You're always the nice one, the one everyone likes, the guy who tries to do the right thing and shit. Me, I'm the bully, the asshole, the whiny little rich boy who got everything he wanted and was still miserable. Matt, you're too good for me. Honestly, I don't deserve your friendship, man," Tyler said about to go sleep in another room.  "Ty?" Matt called from his bed, still not turning around.  Tyler breathed a sigh of relief. Of course, Matt would forgive him. That was Matt, always kind, always thoughtful.  "You're probably not going to want to be friends with me anymore either," Matt predicted. When Matt looked back at him, Tyler saw tears.  "That's not true. What are you talking about?" Tyler probed. "I told Dad about your party in the woods tomorrow. I told him everything. He said you should go wait in his room for him," Matt said and turned back to the wall.------------------------Freya walked Bonnie out and hugged her goodbye. "I'm so excited. Yay. Me, a Bennett witch. Bonnie, you have no idea how much this means to me," Freya said honestly. "It's gonna work. I know it. I'll look into those spells you asked about. Call me tomorrow," Bonnie said getting into her car.  "How ya doing, love?" Klaus asked coming up behind her.  Freya fell against the door in exhaustion.  "I don't know how you do it. It was hard. Honestly, harder than I thought. And his curse is strong. I feel like the wolf in him is trying to come out. His rage is boiling over. I think I have a plan that may work, or at least help," Freya explained.  "I asked how you are doing?" Klaus repeated. "Scared. I'm scared that I won't be able to help Tyler in time. I don't know if I can be as hard on him as he needs me to be. And these hunters. Dahlia and I fought off witch hunters before many times, villages of them, but these hunters are sneaky and sly. They hide in plain sight," Freya rambled.  "Maybe that is it? Can we get Bonnie to do a spell where all the hunters reveal themselves? Or use something like the Gilbert device to reveal all supernaturals? When we come together, we can fight them. I don't want you to worry about the hunters, right now," Klaus started turning toward the stairs and sitting.  "What it is, Brother? Tell me," Freya said coming over and sitting by him. She could sense his uncertainty.  "Matthew told me that Tyler was planning a big party in the bloody woods on the old Lockwood property on the night of the full moon," Klaus glowered.  "What? Okay, you need to you up there and give that boy a proper thrashing because the few taps I gave him were almost nothing. Ugh! Second of all, is he out of his damn mind? The hunters will be combing all of the surrounding woods tomorrow night. Third of all,...I can't. What are you thinking?" Freya ranted. "I agree with you, Sister. I might give him some time to cool down and maybe assign him to kitchen clean up. I don't know what to do to make him obey me. The full moon? My mind is boggled," Klaus complained.  "No, Niklaus, you need to go up there and show that little pup who his alpha is. I sense his inner wolf is striving for power and dominance. You must show him who is boss. I was a fool to just nip him a little. Doing him a kindness is no kindness. The full moon, that fool boy needs put in his place!" Freya raved. "What if we used the party as bait for the hunters?" Elijah said from behind after putting Nicole to bed. She was asking about her grandmother.  "No! Elijah, it's too dangerous," Freya retorted.  "Nay, Sister, he means, we pretend to be the kids, the bait, and then if the hunter come for them, rather when the hunters come for them...they will get a little surprise," Klaus purred."Now that is a plan I can get behind," Freya smiled, suddenly feeling better. "If you will excuse me, I have a behind to deal with," Klaus grimaced. He felt terror thinking of his boys being ripped apart by wolves or taken by hunters. He knew the tests that hunters did to people to see if they were supernatural. None of them are pleasant. Elijah gripped Klaus' shoulder. Elijah simply said, "He's earned it." ---------------------Tyler grabbed shorts, underwear, and a t-shirt to sleep in and went to Klaus's room. He decided to just take a shower in the huge marble bathroom. He took off his filthy clothes and checked out his backside in the mirror. It looked barely pink in some areas, mostly pale white. When the hot shower water hit it, he felt a raw, burning, sting and moved to avoid it the direct spray of the water. Lathering his entire body and washing his hair twice, Tyler started to relax. He wasn't angry at Matt. He couldn't be. Maybe after he was punished, Matt would forgive him. Thinking about Klaus coming up, Tyler quickly toweled off and got dressed for bed. He brushed his teeth using a new toothbrush he found in the closet.  Tyler got more and more scared thinking of the party. He hasn't realized it was the full moon. He was also wondering how he was going to cancel it. What if people showed up anyway? It wasn't like there were fences or guards to keep them out. He would look like a moron.Tyler got into the massive bed, but wasn't tired. He wondered if standing in the corner would earn him any mercy. He doubted it.  Klaus came in without saying a word. It was dark again except for the outdoor lights that shined in through a part in the curtains when Klaus shut the door. Tyler lay on his side with his back toward Klaus. Klaus pushed him onto his stomach and growled, "Lift up." Tyler did and Klaus yanked down his shorts and briefs quickly. Tyler felt the air for only a split second before hearing the crack. Then, he felt his bottom blaze up. The smacks were hard and fast and everywhere. Klaus held him down and swatted every inch of his backside and upper thighs. It was shocking and agonizing. Tyler's heart beat with fear. He was powerless to stop anything. Tyler's arms were folded in front of him and he sobbed into the crook of his arm silently at first, then louder.Tyler wasn't sure if the spanks hurt so much because they were over his recently paddled bottom or if because Klaus was hitting him harder. Tyler kicked into the bed and son his arm was wet with tears.  The smacks started to slow, but also get stronger. Tyler couldn't help but begging for the spanking to stop, the fire was too hot. He couldn't take it. He tried to thrash around to moved, but he was pinned. It would never stop. "Please, D-Dad, *crack* D-Daddy, *crack* I'm sorry. *crack* Stop, I can't take it," Tyler wailed.The firm whacks continued, now concentrating on his sit spots. Tyler's hands formed fists and he shoved his fist in his mouth to stop himself from screaming. He was already hoarse. Klaus' hand was numb. It had been about three minutes since he had began the fierce smacking, but he was swatting Tyler's butt much harder than ever before. It wasn't the anger that drove his hand to continue, but the fear of what could have happened.Klaus spanked him another minute before speaking.  "Tyler, I asked you not to go out and you knew you were planning a party and you said nothing. Those woods have been werewolf grounds for hundreds of years. Nothing," Klaus finally said. "S-sorry," Tyler screamed, praying for a pause, anything. "You all could have been killed or captured. Son, it will be the full moon," Klaus said smacking his thighs. "I d-didn't know," Tyler cried. "You are to do what you are told. This will not happen again," Klaus ground out. Tyler heard a clink of metal for a second was relieved that the whacks stopped. He thought that was the hardest spanking he ever got from Klaus. Then, he heard the sound of the belt slipping out of the loops of Klaus' pants. Tyler jerked to try to escape. Klaus pulled him over, so he could get a better swing. Tyler was now half off of the bed. Klaus took a deep breath. "I love you, Tyler. But I will be damned if I let you get yourself killed. I warned you if I have to thrash you every day I would do it. Well, here we are.  Every time this belt lands, I want you to ask yourself if it was worth it," Klaus demanded. He folded the belt and lined it up with Tyler's already sore sit spots. Klaus moved and put his arm over Tyler's back to hold him still.Crack! Tyler yelled out and threw his hands back. Klaus just lowered the belt and applied it to his thighs. Tyler had long since kicked off his pants and underwear.Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap1 Tyler moved his hands and the strap cracked him across both cheeks. Bright red welts appeared as Klaus was not holding back.Snap! Snap!Tyler howled as Klaus laid down five more stripes on Tyler's thighs. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!The boy would not sit comfortably tomorrow, or perhaps not as all. The fight seemed to leave Tyler and he lay sobbing. Klaus dropped the belt to the floor and rubbed Tyler's back. In the dark, Klaus found himself crying, too. Was this what he was cursed to do to keep his family safe? Half kill the boy to save him? He lifted Tyler into the bed on his stomach and grabbed some tissues to wipe his face. "Come here," Klaus went to pull Tyler into his arms to hold him. Tyler turned away in anger. It hurt and his dad had made it hurt, thought Tyler. "No, I'm not letting you go to sleep angry with me. You screwed up, were punished, and are now forgiven. I won't bring it up again, dear boy, I promise we will get through this. I might have gray hair, but, I will stand by you. Come on, let it out," Klaus cooed. Tyler was crying softly now. Tyler stopped fighting and let Klaus hold him and rub his back. "I'm not mad anymore. Are you?" Tyler asked."No, I'm not. I was scared. When I was a little older than you, our brother Henrik got killed by werewolves. He snuck out of the cave that we used to hide in on the full moon. What no one ever knew is that, he was following me. I wanted to see them. The werewolves... I dreamt of them even then. So you see, Son, I know what you are going through. Your inner wolf is fighting to take over. We won't let that happen," Klaus promised. "I know," Tyler agreed. "Believe me, I only turned once on the full moon, but a thousand hard whacks of the paddle and a foul tasting potion are better than all of your bones cracking one after another. It's excruciating. For it to happen every month...The blood lust of a vampire is hard, but that gets better. I'm not sure if turning ever does. Wolves don't speak of it," Klaus shared. Tyler shifted and groaned painfully. "You've been through a lot tonight. Hurts?" "Yeah, a little. Please don't let Aunt Freya get a bigger paddle. She's doesn't need it, she's stronger than she looks," Tyler said cracking a slight smile. If not for Klaus' hybrid senses, he wouldn't have seen that smile in the dark. He was pleased to hear Tyler call her aunt."I wish I could take it away," Klaus said stoking Tyler's forehead. "Now, go to sleep. We have a lot of planning to do. Your party might be the thing that allows the hunters to become the prey."
  
    Chapter Text
    It didn't hit Freya until after Bonnie had left that maybe Marie could join the coven, too. That would anchor her magic and if they could link to her, then both Bonnie and Freya would be infinitely more powerful. It was a gamble, though. Wild magic was so unpredictable and rare that few covens would allow a witch rife with it to practice with them. Yet, some covens would not hesitate to try to cipher that power. It really depended on the ancestors or natural spirits of each environment that the coven resided on. She would talk to Bonnie about it. They really should have changed Marie's name and appearance by now. No strangers got near the compound and they hadn't left, but with everything going on, it would be prudent to cut any ties she had left to New Orleans. Freya added that to her to-do list. Being a Mikaelson was a full-time job in itself. ---------------------Matt didn't know how he felt today. It was true that he had told Klaus about the party because he started to think it was dangerous, but the real reason was that he was pissed at Tyler. When Tyler knocked him out of that chair for a stupid joke, something snapped in him. Matt might have been a match for Tyler physically. They worked out together and played football and were pretty evenly matched, but Tyler was aggressive. He didn't back down. Matt knew about the curse and didn't want to die because of a stupid prank. So if he couldn't fight Tyler with his fists, he fought him in other ways."Hey man, going down to eat?" Jeremy said pulling on his shirt."Yeah, I am starving despite all the shit going on," Matt admitted. "That was rough last night. I remember all the times Ty tried and actually did kick my ass, especially when we were fighting over your sister. It's like he's being that guy again. I mean, not all the time, but more and more. I don't like it," Jeremy admitted dabbing on some cologne. "His dad used to be like that. Real nice to the rich and important people in town, no offense, but like your parents. To people like me and my sister, he was an ass. Not mean, but just acted like we were under him. Okay, fine, so he was a snob...But sometimes to Tyler, he was fucking hostile. When we lost a pee wee game, football, once time when we were like 8, he slammed Tyler against the wall and screamed at him for dropping the ball. Everyone was there, but you know, what do you say to the mayor? Those were the few times I was glad I didn't have a dad," Matt admitted pulling on his clothes. "That's what I mean, that kind of stuff makes me feel sorry for him. But look at you. He grows up in that huge house with everything and you took care of yourself. You could use that as an excuse, but you don't," Jeremy pointed out."But I also don't have the werewolf gene, I mean not that I know of. Hell, did you realize we're like the only two normal ones in this house?" Matt smiled."Normal? I wouldn't go that far," Tyler said walking in. Matt figured he would just bite the bullet and act like nothing happened. "Well, you're still alive," Matt said evenly. "Yeah, but barely," Tyler slipped down the back of his shorts on the right side to see the damage in the mirror.Jeremy whistled when he saw the red marks and a few welted areas."Is that from the...belt?" Jeremy wondered wincing as he looked at the painful area a little closer. He also saw a small bruised area."Yup, but you won't believe this. The party is still on," Tyler said carefully replacing his shorts to where they were without scraping them against his skin. "What? I have no idea what's going on. And you know for the record, despite whatever is going on between us, I'd never wish that on you," Matt promised pointing to Tyler's backside. "I know, man. Thanks. But right now we got bigger issues than my torn-up ass. They think that the hunters will be coming the woods on the night of the full moon and the party can be a decoy. Draw them in and then capture them. Something like that. I think today we might have some paramilitary training exercises today," Tyler shared. "Wait, you mean they are going to let us go to the party and be bait?" Jeremy asked surprised. "No, I think we are stuck here with maybe Marcel. But we have to be ready to defend the compound if they come for us," Tyler shared carefully putting on his sweats and a clean t-shirt."I almost hope they do," Matt said flexing. --------------------Elijah got up early and made waffles for Marie, who was the only other person up.  For once, she was quiet. He thought he knew why. "Why don't we leave these dishes and go take a walk up to the woods. You can pick some flowers," Elijah suggested grabbed a pair of scissors."Okay," she said following him outside. She had taken to wearing "normal" kid clothing like shorts and t-shirts. Sometimes he missed the old-time dresses that Delphine has preferred. They reminded him of a simpler time, or at the very least, a slower time. When they got to the tree line, Marie blurted out, "My grandmother is dead, isn't she?"Elijah stopped and knelt down to her."I'm so sorry. We didn't know how to tell you," Elijah said patting her arm awkwardly. "I knew because I couldn't sense her anymore. Do you know what happened to the necklace I used to wear. When I woke up, it was gone," Marie wondered touching where the charm used to lay on her neck."There was a very dangerous substance stored in it. The ash of a white oak tree that helped seal the immortality spell that created us 1000 years ago. It is actually the only material on earth that can kill an Original vampire. I'm not sure what happened to your necklace, but it's what killed our brother Finn," Elijah explained, still crouched down to her eye level. "I want it back," Marie insisted. "I'm sorry, but I don't think that's possible," Elijah repeated. "My grandmother gave it to me. It's mine," Marie whined. "We'll get you a different necklace," Elijah assured her. "I don't want another damn necklace. I need that one," Marie yelled in his face. Elijah took a deep breath and said, "I think you are going to get your mouth soaped out if you keep speaking like that, young lady. Now, what is so important about this necklace?""Nothing. I swear! I just want it back. Something in me tells me that I MUST have it," Marie snarled. "I'm not sure I believe you, Marie.  I have a certain way of getting the truth of naughty Mikaelson's who don't want to tell the truth," Elijah said looking around. Marie did not want the truth spanked out of her so she decided to run. She made it about two seconds before Elijah easily caught her and picked her up."Nicole, I suggest you skip the tantrum and just tell me what you are hiding. It will spare my hand and your bottom," Elijah said looking for something he could rest his leg on.  "I'll never tell you. I'm not sure I know myself. You can't make me," Marie screamed. "We'll see," Elijah smiled. He finally saw a fallen log and sat down. He held Nicole in between his legs as she fought and tried to scratch him. "You need to let me know if you are up to something dangerous," Elijah cautioned."No!" "That's it. I guess a trip over my knee it is," Elijah said flipping her over his right knee. Smack! Smack! Smack!"Owww. Stop it. Stop it. You can't do this! I'm not a little girl," Marie threatened as Elijah peppered her rear end with firm swats. Since she had her shorts and underwear on, he figured, it may be a while before he got through to her.Elijah was using 1/100 of his vampire strength."You are a little girl and you will be treated like one. Tell me, Marie, what does the necklace mean?" Elijah said spanking her backside all over. Elijah was using his left arm to hold her in place and keep her bent over. "Nothing! I can't remember it all," Marie screamed now trying to bite Elijah as he went to bare her backside and let up his hold on her back. . "Aw, you bit me!" Elijah said in surprise. 
"I will again, too," Marie promised as Elijah brought his large hand down across both of her pale cheeks. Marie screamed in rage and began to fight with a new vigor. Elijah didn't think she could use her wild magic because of the tea Freya made her, that he had given his this morning. However, he kept an eye out for forest fires just in case. Elijah smacked down his hand on her sit spots and finally heard a sob. "Are you ready to tell me?" Elijah said sensing she was close to telling him. Elijah smacked her a few more times in a random pattern to prevent her from knowing what to expect.  She kicked and fought for another minute and then went limp. Her backside was blotchy, but not even pink in some spots.  He didn't want to actually hurt her, just prevent her from hurting herself or someone else. Maybe he had been too hasty? After all, this wasn't the evil murderess Delphine, but a child. Elijah pulled her up into his lap and hugged her. Marie wailed when her bottom came to rest upon his firm knee. She cried and he wiped away the tears with his handkerchief. "I'm sorry, little one, Marie, maybe I was too quick to-" Elijah started."Wait, I remember it all now! I can bring her back with the necklace," Marie said blinking through the tears."What? How? That doesn't make sense," Elijah said in confusion."The necklace is linked to my grandmere's spirit, I can use it to pull her back from the other side. I may even be able to pull her ashes together to recreate her body. But there is one catch," Marie confessed. "What?" said Elijah said still rubbing her back."She would be young again. Her hands would be free of the hex my grandmother put on her," Marie intoned. "Wouldn't that be your great-grandmother?" Elijah inquired. "No, I'm the Regent's daughter. I know this spell works because..." Marie drifted."She used it on you! Josphine LaRue did have a daughter with that jazz player. Then, the witches must have murdered you. She brought you back in this body, not knowing that they had..." Elijah was flabbergasted at the depravity of the length the withes went to for power. "already body jumped the cursed Delphine in this body...So the last thing I remember was being poisoned. Luckily, I was wearing the necklace and when I woke up, I was here with you all. It has taken me weeks for it all to come back. It wasn't until you-" Marie stopped blushing."Spanked your behind?" Elijah interjected."That it all came back to me. I am Seraphina, the witch born in secret and scorned for my wild power. I never asked for any of this. I only used my power to try to do good and for that, they killed me," she sighed."My head is spinning. Are you sure that Josephine wants to come back? Isn't she consecrated in New Orleans?" Elijah pressed."Maybe. I will see if I can contact her, but yet I have no coven.  I'm so sorry, I know all these witch business gets overwhelming. You all have been so kind to me, despite the-" Seraphina couldn't finish."Spankings. Yes, we're a bit old-fashioned, but we do love and try to protect our children and family with everything we have. Speaking of family, do you think that you could try...I mean, I'm not sure it is possible but-" Elijah stopped realizing that she was still on his lap with her pants down. He slipped them back up as she grimaced. "What? I owe you my life. You got that beast out of me and now maybe I can't start a new life," Seraphina smiled standing and rubbing the sting out of her cheeks."Do you think you could help us bring our brother Finn back? He's the one Delphine murdered when the ancestors were controlling her and trying to get to our mother," Elijah asked, hoping for a positive response. "I know the spell and I think I have the power. Yet, I need a coven to anchor me. I also might need to jump to new body, there is a big downside to being 12 again. My butt is really stinging," Seraphina joked. "I hope you can forgive me. This is rather awkward, if I had any idea that you were a grown woman, I never would have-" Elijah explained plainly. "It's fine. As I said, things are blurry for me, but I know that you all have been a great help. Since my grandmother died, you've had no reason to help me," Seraphina thanked him. "We never turn our back on an innocent child," Elijah said offering her his arm to escort her back to the house. -----------------------Klaus pounded his fist on the table, "We need more time! What if one of these fools is in the Brotherhood of the Five? Where in the hell is Elijah? I need him here." "Brother, allow me to contact the Salvatore brothers and this Alaric. We can see if they have any other ideas or bodies that may help our plan," Kol stated. "That's a good idea, Kol. Yes, do that," Klaus said agreeing. "I should be there with you out there, Klaus. You guys may need me," Marcel complained "Marcel, I need you here guarding the compound. My little warrior, can you take orders as well as give them?" Klaus said standing and pacing. "I hate when you call me that," Marcel grumbled. "I hate when you disobey me," Klaus countered. Freya cut in, "Bonnie is going to start the spell for my induction into her coven tonight. That should allow me to cast a spell of protection around any innocent human bystanders who are caught in the middle."
"Better late than never, Brother. Where were you? Hello, Nicole, did you have a nice walk with Uncle Elijah?" Klaus asked. "Sit down, Niklaus, Freya...We have a lot to tell you," Elijah said grabbing himself a blood bag. --------------------------By the next morning, Klaus had revealed the location of Marie/Seraphina's necklace. He had it in the safe. Freya removed and kept any traces of the white oak ash power that was still remaining on it. 
Bonnie inducted Freya and Seraphina in the Bennett coven. They celebrated by getting pizzas and letting the kids invite their friends over. Damon and Alaric came to talk about the Full Moon party, as they started calling it. Elena and Stefan were at the Lake House again and out of contact. Kol was delighted to finally meet Caroline and she was more beautiful than he expected although Tyler always talked her up. Klaus was stressed and overwhelmed by the impending ruse of this party. He know how devious and clever hunters could be. They needed more time to train the household, but time was running out. Klaus caught Tyler when everyone was sitting outside on the patio. He noticed that Tyler must have still be in pain as avoiding sitting as much as possible. "How you holding up, Son?" Klaus said cupping the back of his neck and pulling his head down to place a kiss on his forehead. Tyler glanced at his friends, but no one was playing attention. Music was playing and it seemed like a perfect, calm, summer night.  "Sore, that belt really left its 'impression' on me but I'm good. Freya tested out some disgusting potions on me before her coven ceremony. The wolfsbane doesn't burn, but just makes me sick," Tyler admitted. "I"m sorry you have to deal with all this. I meant to do this earlier," Klaus bit into his wrist and lifted his arm to Tyler offered him his powerful and healing blood. He knew he had been hard on Tyler last night, the boy deserved to learn a hard lesson, but Klaus couldn't abide leaving marks on his children. That was what Mikael had done to him without a second thought. Anything to toughen it up.  For a second, it crossed Tyler's mind to refuse, but even now he felt an unpleasant aching heat and itch in his backside. He drank only a small amount and felt a cool tingle in his posterior. "Thanks, Dad. Wow, I can feel it working already," Tyler said in amazement. Klaus pulled him into a tight hug. "Last night, I-, I'm just glad you're okay. That you are all okay. Are you and Matthew still in a row?" Klaus inquired. "He's talking to me, but I feel like he's a little disgusted and maybe even afraid of me. That hurts, but I don't blame him. I feel like the only thing I can do is to earn his trust back over time," Tyler admitted. "It will work out. Let's get through tomorrow and make sure everyone is safe. I just, wanted to make sure you were okay. I didn't want to do that and I hope I never have to do that again," Klaus said referring to the harsh discipline he had doled out after finding out Tyler was planning the party. "You won't. I swear, not to me," Tyler promised sincerely. Klaus smiled and said, "Good. Go ahead, go talk to your friends. Have fun."
  
    Chapter Text
            Only the dead have seen the end of the war.                                          -George Santayana Right after midnight the back patio of the mansion looked like a battlefield. There were dead bodies, severed limbs, and wails of anguish. Victory, however triumphant, is soaked in blood, whether it be soldier or civilian losses.  Earlier that night:After talking to Klaus and drinking his blood to heal, Tyler called his mom to update her and invite her over to the current get together.  He knew his mother was busy with work, Mystic Falls always came first in his family, but he figured it couldn't hurt to ask if she wanted to join them. "Mom, you can come out to the house now. We're just hanging out here but the Mikaelsons invited everyone to a little celebration. If you are not busy or anything...," Tyler said, feeling odd inviting his own mother over, like she was a friend."What? I thought the party was later tonight at the property?" Carol asked surprised. He told her that that party was still on, but he didn't tell her any of the 'additional' details. There was zero chance that Carole Lockwood would crash her son's party, even if it was on their property. "Honey, I have to go. Ah, be careful at the party tonight. Love you," Carol said hanging up without a response from him. "Love you, too," Tyler said to no one in particular."Hey Ty! This house is amazing. I can't believe you guys haven't had me over before. These people look like celebrities. I mean, what do they do?" Caroline babbled staring at Rebekah and Marcel dancing closer to the house. "I love her dress," Caroline whined and was surprised when Rebekah looked directly at her. Elijah and Freya were passing out drinks and another group consisting of Alaric, Damon, and Klaus were talking tightly in a circle."Hey, Car. Sorry, we should have had you over sooner. It's been hectic here, you know," Tyler admitted. He realized that Caroline looked very pretty in her pink summer dress. It suited her blond hair and light coloring. He used to think that maybe there could be something between them, but he wasn't sure anymore. Caroline talked to Tyler about cheerleading, the football team, the new menu at the Grill, how her mother was unfair, that it was cool his mom was now mayor, and homecoming for about twenty minutes. He nodded politely but his mind was on the party tonight. What if something went wrong and someone got hurt? Would that since be his fault? What did these hunters want? Did his mom know more than she was sharing? "Hey, have you talked to Matt?" Tyler asked seeing Matt and Jeremy hanging out playing around with the music. "Yeah, he seemed fine. It's nice he doesn't have to work constantly at the Grill. I always said to my mom that someone should take Matt in, especially after Vicky died. But you know my mom, she's so busy being sheriff, she hardly knows I'm alive. How's your mom holding up?"  "Actually, she was just a little weird on the phone. I invited her over and she practically hung up on me. Hey Car, did you mom ever talk about the town council?" Tyler asked innocently. He worried if Caroline knew about the real purpose of the council: keeping Mystic Falls free of vampires. They were doing a real bang up job so far! "Town council crap. Like who even cares, Ty? What? Do you want to be the mayor next or something? Ew. Hey are you and Matt fighting? Why is he over there with Jeremy? There was a time when you used beat up Jeremy and Matt would stand behind you trying to brother Elena's little brother. Things are getting weird, Elena's never around much anymore unless she needs something. But anyway, so Matt is ticked at you and...?," Caroline questioned."Yeah, I did something stupid and he's just kind of sick of me. I guess I just take Matt for granted. I even take Jeremy for granted, like I assumed I got just push him around forever and he'd never push back. I'm trying not to be the dick I've always been. My d-, I mean, Klaus is helping me with that," Tyler confided. "You and Matt will be fine. Tyler, yeah, you can be a dick, but we still love you. I mean, you know how high mait-," Caroline stopped and realized that he wasn't listening. Kol caught her eye from across the yard.  "Tyler, are you listening to me? Fill me on the one brother, Kol. He's very flirtatious, yet handsome. But when I was like talking to him, Bonnie passed by and I was suddenly invisible. So rude. But then Damon was staring at me, but not in a nice way, more like he wanted to eat me. Ewww. Oh, how about Elena being MIA? It's like she doesn't even-"Caroline never finished her sentence because there was an explosion.  "Get down," Tyler yelled. Smoke seemed to pour all over the air.  Seraphina heard the explosion and knew what she had to do. She had never had the Sight before. Her mother, being a seer who could see glimpses of the future, was very rare in a witch, but Seraphina saw the future in that split second. She saw the Originals captured by powerful hunters, they were not just mere mortals, but among a Hunter of Five. Seraphina had never seen the markings on two of them. It looked like a map inked into their flesh.  The humans were taken and tortured, one to death. The werewolf boy triggered his curse and the other vampires were burned alive at dawn. The human man, formally a vampire hunter, was taken away in a van.  She saw the witches, now her coven, in chains rotting in a dark place for many days.  The die was cast, her life had been cut short when the witches of her own coven poisoned her. She was never meant to have been brought back. It was time. The thought did not upset her. ----------The first explosion was a diversion to throw everything awry.  The second explosion was to maim. Tyler grabbed Caroline and threw himself over her fragile form. Shards of sharpnel entered his back and arms, he didn't feel anything, though. Bullets and bolts started flying through the air from the tree line. An army in black swarmed around from the front of the house in full battle gear. Klaus yelled to the mortals to go to the safe room.  Alaric tried to steer Bonnie, Jeremy, Matt, Freya, and Seraphina inside while Damon and Marcel helped. Damon was caught in the shoulder by a shot and immediately crumpled to the ground. It was either cursed or laced with vervain or some poison. Marcel fell next, then Kol.Elijah began to tear the heads from the attackers as fast as he could until he too was felled by a magical series of crossbow bolts. Klaus vamped out to the tree line to see what he could find there. Bonnie and Freya started casting a spell of protection inside the kitchen area, when they noticed Seraphina was outside. The vision passed and now she had to act.Seraphina drew as much power as she could and used it to burn to ash every single soldier she could see. She had never used her wild power so freely. Some of the men only burned partially and died screaming. Others she smashed into the ground or the patio with great force. Once she started, the other hunters tried to disperse but they were dead men already. Matt and Jeremy heard the horrific screams and realized Tyler and Caroline never made it inside. Despite Alaric's shout for them to go to safety they broke away and ran outside. The last solider alive shot Matt in the stomach as soon as he got outside. Seraphina burned him and the gun he shot Matt with, melted instantly into the blood splattered patio.  Matt fell down bloody. Jeremy screamed and kneeled beside him. Seraphina's small body ran over and she placed her hands on his wound. With the last of her strength she healed him. "Seraphina, it's too much. You'll die yourself," Bonnie gasped."My dear, I was already dead. Consecrate my body with your ancestors. You can draw on me for power. My mother, the former regent, does not wish to come back in the flesh. We'll help from the other side. Freya, that should help bring back your brother. Thank you for giving me, a home, a coven. It is long part my time..." Seraphina fell to the patio.  As she died, her form changed to that of her original body. The red hair turned into brown locks and her short form lengthened to that of a women. Her skin was bronzed and she smiled at they held her hand. And then she was gone and Matt drew a breath.Alaric shook Matt slightly and he opened up his eyes. Matt's stomach was smooth, yet his shirt was covered in a blood and the hole where the bullet tore through remained."Kid, I hope you wake up, so I can kill you," Alaric huffed. Matt blinked again,"What happened?" Alaric shook his head, "I think you died."-----------------Jeremy made it to Tyler and Caroline. "Are you guys okay?" Jeremy shouted. Caroline was dirty and dazed, and silent for once. Tyler was taking off his shirt. Bits of metal were popping out of his skin. "I should be dead. Dad's blood healed me!" Tyler exclaimed. The vampires were waking up quickly. They had been poisoned and shot but the effects were wearing off. "Is everyone okay? Where's Seraphina? Where's Klaus?" Tyler called.-------------Klaus vamped back holding two figures clad in black in his arms. He threw them to the ground. "I found these two in a van, not far from the room. There was another truck load of soldiers that I decommissioned, so to speak," Klaus spat. Elijah brushed himself off and came over and ripped the black balaclavas off them. "Mom?" Tyler screeched, still shirtless but now healed. "Honey? They said if I didn't help. They would kill you," Carol Lockwood said in ragged breaths. "Kill me? If I didn't just get healed with vampire blood before this, I'd be dead! They lied to you. Why would you side with the hunters? Were you going to let them kill my family?" Tyler shouted, as Caroline pulled him back. "I didn't have a choice. They said they were the Brotherhood of the Five and couldn't be killed by vampires, or they would curse them. I thought you were in grave danger," Carol continued. "Mayor Lockwood, they lied to you. Your devotion to your son will save your life. Now who do we have here? Quite a beauty for someone aligned with such a viscous act," Klaus said looking at the attractive brunette beside her. Kol vamped over, "That's the teacher from the school. Vanessa, is it not?"Alaric confirmed, "Vanessa! I thought you were on our side. How did they get to you?"Vanessa was confused, "I don't know. I can't remember.""We'll all on vervain, so I don't know how she could have been compelled," Alaric wondered. Elijah frowned, "The only thing we can do is keep these two here and make sure they are free of vervain. Then, we can compel them again to find out what they know and wipe this memory from their minds." Tyler breathed out a sigh of relief,"Thanks." Jeremy suddenly yelled, "Guys!" "What is it?" Rebekah asked looking him over. "This tattoo is appearing on my arms. What is happening?" Jeremy cried."I think you are now becoming a hunter, Jeremy. You are the next in the Brotherhood of the Five," Rebekah gasped looking terrified at Klaus and Elijah. "Oh God," Klaus said."It's okay, Jeremy. We'll deal with it," Elijah said giving Klaus a look. "Matthew, are you okay?" Klaus said shifting his attention."Yeah, I got shot, but Seraphina healed me and died. It's my fault she died. Alaric, I'm sorry we didn't listen to you," Matt admitted. "You boys could be dead right now. Klaus, Matt and Jeremy ran out for Tyler and Caroline and Matt got shot so quickly. I tried to stop them," Alaric said feeling like a failure. "Thank you for trying. We need to clean this up and take care of Seraphina. She gave up everything for us," Klaus said kneeling down and putting his lips on her forehead.---------------------------Bonnie and Freya took Seraphina's body to consecrate next to Bonnie's Grams. The vampires were all encouraged to dip into the Mikaelson's ample blood supply to recover from the poison or toxin they were infected with. Kol drove home Caroline after she showered and changed into one of Rebekah's dresses. No one needed the Sheriff looking for her daughter and finding the remains of a massacre.  Before Alaric left, Klaus thanked him again for trying to save Matt and Jeremy. Alaric promised to look into his sources to see how the hunters got to Vanessa. He feared that the hunters had their own witch or some other supernatural means of control. "We've dealt with the Brotherhood of the Five before. I've actually gotten their curse before. It took 70 years for it to wear off. But if Jeremy is one of them now..." Klaus started."He will have the urge to hunt vampires non-stop. I'm so sorry, Klaus. Let me look at the lore and see if anything can be done. He's a brave kid," Alaric complimented.Marcel had been standing there and wondered, "Maybe too brave?" "Yes, much too brave for his own good. They almost died tonight," Klaus lamented. "I think Matt did die. I can't be sure, but for a second before Seraphina healed him, I didn't think he was breathing. I really did try to stop them. Kids these days, huh?" Alaric said patting Klaus on the shoulder and leaving. "Ah, thanks for the party?" Damon said following him.  Klaus put his arm around Marcel and gasped, "If something happened to you or the boys...I can't believe they would run out like cowboys into a firefight.""I do. They wanted to help. Maybe to be heroes. We were falling to those darts. But how many times have you told them to go to the safe room, if there was danger? Damnit!" Marcel ranted to Klaus."Many. We have to clean up the bodies in the back and sweep the property again. But at some point, I'm going to deal with this. Matt and Jeremy know better than to put their lives needlessly in danger," Klaus agreed. "Klaus, you go deal with all that. I can talk to them. Maybe do more, if they aren't getting the message. I guess I am their big brother now, I should start acting like it," Marcel offered. "Thank you, Son. I feel like I am too shaken to take care of this. After being so hard on Tyler...I can't do it again. I guess my blood may have saved him, too. Let them sleep tonight. Tomorrow should be fine. Thank you, Marcellus. It means a lot," Klaus said hugging him. Klaus and the other Originals went back out to scour the property for any remaining hunters or clues to how they got through the Mikaelson's formidable defenses. Their senses were always their first defense, but they also had a wall around the property, a security system, and a few guards. The guards were all found dead.  Elijah took a minute to clear out Seraphina's room. He couldn't stand to look at it. He put the few possessions she had such as her clothes, broken doll and the doll house catalog on the burn pile. Later that night they burned everything they could. But in this bonfire, the Mikaelsons didn't burn wishes, just the bodies of their enemies and a few sad leftovers from an innocent life lost.
  
    Chapter Text
    Freya brought Mayor Lockwood and Vanessa their meals the next few days and added a detox potion. They were occupying the lower level where Finn had been kept since much of the lower basement had been destroyed when Dahlia had come. The sooner they could be sure all vervain was out of their systems, the sooner they could compel them and let them leave.Freya thought Vanessa lived alone, but everyone was pretty sure the Mayor would be missed. The cover story would be that she was visiting with her son for the weekend.  Freya enacted a boundary spell so they could walk freely throughout that level of the basement, but just not leave. "Is my son alright?" Carol asked anxiously after two days of being held. "Yes, Mayor. He's fine. He was still sleeping. I'll send him down to see you later, okay?" Freya said kindly. "No, I'm sure he hates me. I can't believe I got fooled by those murderous traitors," Carol trembled in shame. "Carol, what are we doing here? I don't remember anything," Vanessa said looking around. "Vanessa, is it? I'm Freya. We are going to help you. I think some very bad people wiped your memory. I'm not sure what they wanted with you, but it wasn't good. We're going to do everything we can to find out and get to the bottom of this," Freya asserted."They are a very powerful organization with ties that go up, way up. My son isn't even a werewolf. If supernatural aren't hurting anyone, why can't they leave them alone?" Carol quavered. "That's what we think we found out the answer to," Elijah came in saying, with Klaus come behind. "Those hunters were not just hunters, some were vampires and wolves. They might have been trying to recruit us to build an army, or just to capture supernaturals by force to add to their insane army cult," Klaus divulged."To what end?" Carol undertook."That's what we need to find out," Elijah declared. It was clear that Carol and Vanessa knew very little. As soon as they could be compelled to forget everything, they would be free to go. ----------------------------Marcel had spent a few hours the day after the battle, as they called it, with the boys. They were shaken, but holding it together. Klaus, Elijah, and Kol were busy trying to put some new security features in place. Rebekah busied herself with redecorating Seraphina's room into a neutral color scheme and get the patio repaired. The cost for the fast work and discretion was high. However, Rebekah thought the faster they could get rid of the blood stains and bullet holes, the faster they could get back to normal. "Hey, I know it's kinda early for you guys, but I think it's time we talk," Marcel said coming in the boys's room and shutting the door. "Yeah, it is 11: 45am. We could probably sleep a few more hours," Matt laughed groggily. "And they call me the vampire? Unreal!" Marcel retorted. "I was going to head down and see my mom. I think they are letting her go today after they compel her," Tyler said uncertainly as if he wasn't sure if Marcel wanted him there or not."That's fine, man. I'll catch you later," Marcel imparted with a wave. "So?" Jeremy said hopping out of bed and leaning against it as Matt used the bathroom. "Can I see that tattoo? Has it changed since yesterday?" Marcel said examining it closely. "No one really told me what it means yet," Jeremy mumbled. "Alaric is doing some research. He's going to get back to us about that soon, okay?" Marcel said as Matt came back in. "Sure, can I brush my teeth?" Jeremy asked indicating the bathroom. "Yeah. Matt, you feeling okay? Anything weird since?" Marcel questioned."Since I died. No, I feel fine. I did have this pretty real dream about my sister Vicky, but I've had those before," Matt revealed. "So the night of the, you know, incident. Things got pretty crazy, quickly. I regret that we didn't have more emergency training, but in the little we did have. What was the rule?" Marcel started as Jeremy joined Matt, now on the couch. Marcel was now leaning against the wall with his arms crossed. "Go to the safe room.  Get to safety, Don't be a hero," Jeremy repeated by memory. "And which ones did you two disobey?" Marcel asked sternly."All of them. We ignored Alaric and I got shot," Matt faltered."Yeah, and unlike Tyler, you didn't have vampire blood in your system to heal you. You would still be dead if not for Seraphina," Marcel continued. "I know. I think I'm still in shock. It was so dumb, but we realized Ty and Caroline were missing and boom! I'm shot," Matt stressed. "As Alaric told it, he told you to stay and you two knuckleheads still ran out," Marcel chided. "It's hard to remember. We panicked, I guess. Is Dad really mad? We've barely seen them since it happened," Jeremy wondered."The attack on the compound was bad. Like really serious. It was coordinated. That was no little weak band of hunters. Klaus and Elijah are going to make sure that this place is like a fortress. Even Kol is stepping up and going above and beyond. I mean, if I didn't see it with my own eyes, I'm not sure I'd believe it. But we all care about you guys. Klaus is pretty torn up about it," Marcel started."He seems like he can't look at us, at me," Matt reported. "Hey man, come here. It's not that," Marcel said hugging Matt,"he's freaking out about losing you guys.""But we're here and fine," Jeremy said plainly. "Yes, but what if we are in this situation again and y'all don't want to listen again. You could die or get hurt really bad. Guys, this isn't a joke. I know you tried to help, but you didn't. We're in a war now, you're soldiers. Soldiers have to obey," Marcel lectured. "Did you used to use that speech on your guys?" Matt bantered."Hey, watch it, mister. That was one of my greatest speeches to new vampires. It's dangerous and when you don't obey, you can die or get someone killed," Marcel cautioned."I guess I already did," Matt admitted thinking of Seraphina. "What's done is done. You can't take it back, but you should pay for your actions, right?" Marcel queried. "Marcel, is this long lecture going to end with us getting our butts whupped because I'm really hungry," Jeremy smiled. "Well, mister smart mouth, you can go down and have breakfast, actually lunch. I have a couple things to do and then we'll talk tonight. And y'all best behave yourselves today. Everyone is on edge. So mind your manners. It would not be a stretch for you two to get more than one spanking today. Be smart. Things are tense so act accordingly," Marcel warned. "Yes, sir!" Matt saluted mockingly. "That's going cost you extra tonight. Y'all are pushing it," Marcel smiled. "We saw Tyler's ass after, you know, he got it bad from dad the other day. The bruises and welts... You're not going to do that to us, are you?" Jeremy pleaded. Marcel's face fell. "Hey, that was something that never should have happened. Klaus was trying to make a point and... he feels terrible. He would have healed him right away if he thought he left a single mark that lasted that long.I can tell you in all the years I've been a part of this family, that never happened to me. If anything, they weren't too easy on me. I think I got a little spoiled and that made things harder for everyone. I needed more protection, more attention, more coddling. I don't ever want you to worry about that. If it does, come to one of us and we'll talk about it, okay?" Marcel insisted. Jeremy looked at Matt and nodded. "Okay, thanks.  Tyler didn't complain about it. It's just, I couldn't take it." "It won't be anything you can't take okay. But I am postponing your punishment so you can think about obeying orders and your safety. I could make you write an essay, like Elijah used to do to me, but I'm going to spare you guys that. Now, go eat and be on your best behavior. And guys, it's going to be okay," Marcel said now hugging Jeremy. ----------------When Tyler went down to say goodbye to his mom, Alaric and Freya were down there. "Hey Tyler, how you doing? Feeling better?" Alaric asked with interest. "Yeah, pretty much great. That vampire blood healed me so I really had no pain," Tyler shared. "Getting ready for school? How's football going?" Alaric continued. "I quit the team. It just made me too aggressive. You know, with my curse and all, I have to be careful," Tyler contended sadly. Freya probed,"Why didn't you tell me you were considering quitting? I had no idea." Tyler shrugged. "Maybe we can talk about it later?" Freya pressed. Tyler said, "Sure." Alaric went on, "I'm going to see if I can catch Matt and Jeremy."----------------Alaric did find Matt and Jeremy eating cereal in the kitchen. "Hey, Mr. Saltzman," Matt said, shoveling a bite of sugary cereal in his mouth. "Hi Alaric, how are you?" Jeremy greeted his aunt's boyfriend. "Well, I'm better than you would be if I told your aunt about the little stunt you two pulled the other night. Hell, if I told your sister, she would be furious. I try not to interfere in other people's business, but I hope you both got a good talking to. Like an ear splitting one," Alaric remarked firmly. "We just got a lecture from Marcel," Matt groaned. "I guess we do owe you an apology though," Jeremy said eating chips out of a bag. Marcel came down to get some blood out of the fridge. "Jeremy, that's not what I meant when I said breakfast. And yes, you both owe Alaric a huge apology. If that was your idea of a decent apology, you will be giving the next one with a stinging butt. Alaric, coffee?" Marcel asked pulling out a blood bag. "No, thanks, Marcel. I'm not trying to interfere but as their teacher, Jeremy's aunt's boyfriend, and a former hunter, the more I think about them running out there, the more my blood boils," Alaric admitted. "You know, I told Klaus I would deal with them as their big brother. I thought that I would make them wait for the good butt warming they are going to get, but maybe I have a better idea," Marcel grinned. Matt's eye's fell to the 'drawer' that seemed to have a variety of weapons in it for their backsides. Marcel glanced back at the drawer and vamped over and opened it. Matt said, "Oh no, come on, Marcel. Mr. Saltzman, you wouldn't spank us, too would you?" "Well, since I'm the one you disobeyed multiple times in addition to your father, don't you think that is just?" Alaric said seriously. Matt had to admit he had a point. "I'm sorry. We're really sorry. We just didn't want Ty and Caroline to die!" Matt blurted. "How would you think you were going to get through that barrage of gunfire and crossbow bolts?" Marcel prodded. The boys had no responses.Matt pushed his cereal away, he had lost his appetite. "Done. Good. If you can cooperate, we'll forget about the spankings you were going to get after dinner. If not, you're getting two. Now pants down and over the island, you can keep your underwear up in case any of the ladies walk through," Marcel instructed. Both boys flushed and looked at each other. They had thought they were maybe off the hook, but they should have known better. They pulled off their shorts and left them at their ankles."What if some one walks in?" Jeremy whined. "Well, they see you getting your butt popped with the paddle," Marcel quipped, pulling out the paddle from the drawer."Alaric, pick your poison. Maybe we can trade off?" Marcel suggested.Alaric dug through the drawer and chose a heavy wooden spoon."I sadly have some experience with this, but on the other end," Alaric admitted. "Please, can we hurry this up. This is really embarrassing," Jeremy moaned. Alaric bemusedly asked Marcel, "Do you think it would be more embarrassing to be spanked on the bare backside in public? Hmm, I think that could be arranged. It also hurts a lot more, doesn't it?""No, I'm sorry. It's fine. Please," Jeremy begged. The island was at hip level, they dropped their shorts and bent over. Alaric was surprised at them both wearing white briefs. He glanced at Marcel who mouthed, "Elijah." That explained the old fashioned underwear."Grip the other side of the island and do not move," Marcel cautioned. Marcel lined up behind Jeremy with his paddle while Alaric got behind Matt. "Again, you need to keep still. I'll hold you the best I can, but if you are moving too much, I'm going to finish with you over my knee. Understand?" Alaric asked Matt. "Yes, sir," Matt barked out. Marcel was amused to see that he was not mocking anyone this time. Marcel and Alaric both started swatting their miscreants at the same time. Marcel took a few seconds to rest the paddle on Jeremy's behind in between whacks. He was swatting firmly and decided on 15 as a ball park number. Jeremy was squirming and having trouble staying bend over and keeping still after eight. Marcel held him steady with his left hand on the small of Jeremy's back. He decided to make the last seven blistering. After 15, Marcel glanced at Alaric to switch boys. He could see that Alaric had concentrated on Matt's sit spots and he was spanking hard and fast. The spoon danced over Matt's upper thighs until they were red and he was shifting and breathing hard. During the second round, both boys were teary eyed and having more trouble not getting out of position. Both needed help staying down. As with Jeremy, Marcel brought the round paddleball racquet down 15 times firmly. He swatted mostly from cheek to cheek. Alaric continued to swat faster and harder with the spoon. This continued until both boys were stomping and kicking and fighting to rise up and stop the punishments. Red areas peeked out from the legs of their white cotton underpants.  "Okay, all done. Now I want you both to march over to the corner and think about how devastated everyone would be if you died the other night. No rubbing, hands on heads," Marcel directed. "The paddle is staying out on the counter and you will get another spanking if I see your hands anywhere near those stinging behinds," Alaric threatened after seeing Jeremy's hand start to sneak down.As though the boys had not been crying, the men heard both sniffing in the corner. They could handle the physical pain, but the embarrassment of being put in the corner in a public part of the house where anyone could walk in was too much.  Marcel did not want them to fear the physical pain, but the mental.  He had seen vampires withstand great amounts of torture, but break after being treated like a small child. Marcel smiled at Alaric indicating for him to walk to the other side of the kitchen a little ways, "We make a good team. I feel like those two are going to be tripping over each other to get to that safe room next time.""True. Hey, I'm worried about Jeremy's hunter mark. If he is the next Brotherhood of the Five, he may need to move back home. I can move in with Jenna, if needed. It might be too dangerous for him to be around vampires for a while. Just tell Klaus, I'm here if you guys need me," Alaric offered. Just then, Tyler came up from saying goodbye to his mom with Freya. "Ah, I hope they aren't there because of me, " was all Tyler said in embarrassment. His face colored for his friends. Freya patted his shoulder, "I should put you in the corner for not telling me about football. Tyler, we're your family. We need to talk about these things." "What? You quit football, man?" Marcel said in surprise. "I was afraid I couldn't control my aggression on the field. Can I go upstairs? I'm sorry. I just don't feel like talking about football when people died here and...," Tyler walked off. Freya stopped Marcel from following him, "I'm going to keep working on his aggression with him. We just had a delay, but we'll get back to schedule. Did these young heroes learn their lessons? I could lecture them, too.""I think we might have tortured them enough, but let's check," Marcel boomed out. "Guys, pull up your shorts and you can come over here," Alaric said. Jeremy and Matt both yanked up their shorts and turned around. Jeremy rubbed away his tears while Matt just let his stream down his face, which was red."Tell us why you both got punished," Marcel said softly."We didn't listen to Alaric or follow the plan," Jeremy started."I got hurt and Seraphina died trying to heal me. We should have gone to the safe room. Sorry," Matt said looking down. "Guy, you made a mistake. You were punished and it's over. Forgiven. I'll talk to Dad and fill him in. Next time, you will do as you are told. Understood? Now I think Alaric here is owed another apology," Marcel gestured to the well-built history teacher and former hunter. "Sorry, Mr. Saltzman," Matt said as Alaric hugged him. "Hey buddy, I'm glad you are okay now. Hope I wasn't too stingy with that spoon. And now that I beat your butt too, you can call me 'Alaric'," Alaric said rubbing his back for a minute. Marcel hugged Jeremy and said, "We'll get through this, no matter what." Jeremy then apologized and again begged Alaric not to breath a word of this to Jenna or Elena. He promised he wouldn't.Marcel reached out to Matt and said, "What happened was meant to happen, but remember we got enough heroes around here, okay?" Freya hugged them all and got a little teary eyed thinking of Seraphina. Her sacrifice was unbelievable. ---------------Tyler was waiting for them upstairs. He had felt terrible before. Now, he felt worse. Matt and Jeremy walked in hoping to not mention the little ordeal they had just been through. "Guys, I know that was my fault, too.  It's very like, humbling, that you were kind of mad at me and ran out to check on me and Car. I mean, if it was just checking on Caroline, that was...really something," Tyler said gruffly. "Dude, it wasn't your fault. Tyler, I'm serious. You can't blame yourself for Jer and I running out like morons. That's on us. And no, we were worried about you and Caroline. I love you, man, even when you are being an asshole," Matt said pulling Tyler into a tight embrace. They pulled away and grabbed Jeremy into a three way hug. "You, too, Jer. You turned out to be a pretty cool little bro. Love you guys, too," Tyler choked out. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "The Brotherhood of the Five were created by a dying witch, a descendant of Qetsiyah. Qetsiyah herself was a powerful witch who many centuries ago, made her lover immortal. He then betrayed her and for her handmaiden, Amara. Qetsiya tricked Amara into creating the Other Side for supernaturals and trapped Silas in a cave. Qetsiyah's wish was to cure and kill the first immortal, Silas. To accomplish this task, the Five get a mark on their bodies called the Hunter's Mark. That's what is on Jeremy's arm. If Jeremy were to hunt vampires, as he will be driven to do, the mark will grow into a map leading to Silas and his means of destruction. That is the Cure of Immortality itself," Klaus started. "Yes, I've heard most of that. Have you run into them before?" Alaric wondered."Unfortunately, yes. After they were created in 1110, we met them and Klaus infiltrated their ranks. They daggered the rest of us, but couldn't get Klaus because the dagger didn't work on him due to his hybrid side. We thought Klaus killed them all in 1114 A.D. But then five potentials got the mark and started hunting. Klaus got the Hunter's Curse of torture and insanity for what fifty, sixty years, Brother?" Elijah continued."Seventy. The worst part is that they know about the white oak ash tree. The only thing which can kill us. You can see why this is so serious," Klaus continued speaking to the assembled group consisting of Alaric, Kol, Marcel, and Freya. Elijah went on, "They have organized and raised this army, even using supernaturals to kill other supernaturals. We couldn't figure out why at first. Then, we looked deeper into the structure of this organization. We think that it is, I cannot say it.""Allow me, Elijah. We think that Mikael, our father, may have been behind this latest attack. He is the only other one to have the power to compel other vampires. He used some company names that were villages near where we lived in the Old Country, places dear to him, and things like that," Klaus drifted looking at Freya."My father? I'm sorry but this is hard to take in," Freya gasped. "Sister, I cannot imagine what this is like for you. To have just found us and then be threatened by the father who thinks you long dead of plague," Elijah proclaimed. "What does he want?" Freya quaked in anger."Mostly, me dead. The bastard, the beast, the boy he hated for being weak, and he wants to destroy all vampires by destroying us," Klaus spat."Oh Niklaus, you know I will stand by you always and forever. I wasn't there to make the vow with you, but I make it now. Always and forever," Freya promised. Klaus crossed over to her and kissed her cheek. "I wish for no harm to come to any of you. Always and forever. That's why we must split up now," Klaus confessed.----------------------Jeremy first felt the urge to hunt vampires as an itch, like an irritation. A twinge of dislike toward the undead. Then, he started seeing table legs as possible stakes that he could sharpen. Then, he thought about driving the stakes through their hearts. The feeling would come and go in waves, light as first and then in his dreams, it exploded. Jeremy didn't even want to sleep anymore, but it always came. He woke up in a sweat. One night, he woke up outside his father's door with his heart beating and the tattoo pulsing. Matt was dreaming more and more of Vicky. She was telling him to talk to Freya about bringing her back to life. The Other Side was boring. She knew they had the power from the Ancestors to bring back one, why should it be old, boring Finn. Maybe Matt could switch the ashes and Freya and Bonnie would return Vicky to life. Matt dismissed it as a fantasy, until he saw Vicky when he was awake. He had a bad feeling about this."Matty, I miss you so much. I didn't deserve to die. Come on, if you switch the ashes they will never know," Vicky begged. Matt went to hug her but he went right through her."Vicky, is this real? Or am I going crazy?" Matt cried."Matt, you passed through the veil when you died. You would have gone to peace, however, since a supernatural pulled you back...it triggered something on the Other Side. Don't talk to any others if they try to see you, just me," Vicky explained. "Vic, it's good to see you. Let me explain to Freya. She's cool. I mean, I think there is some ancient curse with Dahlia which is why they have to bring back Finn, but maybe she can do something," Matt offered. "No, don't tell them anything. They will say no. I was only a vampire for a few days. I have no connections here on the other side. They would never bring me over as their precious Ancestors would punish them," Vicky lamented. "I would do anything for you, Vic. You know that, but I'm not sure I can lie and do this. It seems wrong," Matt agonized. "How's mom? Maybe if I was back, I could help her. We could be a family again. Just the three of us. Please Matty, I love you," Vicky cooed. "I love you, too, Vic. I'll do it," Matt assured her. His mom hadn't called or answered her phone in weeks. Even then, it was only when she begged money off of him. Tyler walked into their bedroom. "Man, who are you talking to?" Tyler inquired. "No one, man. I mean, just myself," Matt said, trying to look innocent. ----------------Freya's plan to reduce Tyler's aggression wasn't going well. His "inner wolf" as they called it, seemed determined to trigger his curse by killing someone. Freya tried many elixirs and potions on Tyler to calm him, most either moved too slowly or simply made him fall asleep. Another thing she tried was to get him to recognize the signs of his anger. The issue was that it flared up so quickly, the trigger was impossible to identify.  Then, Freya attempted to punish Tyler for each incident and flush the anger and frustration out of him. Each time, he snapped, she took him to her lab and had him bend over her table. She now had a bigger, heavier oak paddle that she swatted him with. It stung even over his pants. She couldn't whack him very hard, but she tried to keep him in position until his breathing slowed or he cried it out. She was hoping to form an association between aggression and pain, but after Klaus had belted him a few weeks earlier. Freya was loathe to go too far even by a hair. It even hurt her that the boy didn't resist or fight the punishments as he was so scared to become a full werewolf.  In desperation, Freya made Tyler a talisman that he could grip if he felt like he was going to attack and possibly murder someone. It would render him unconscious, but maybe it could stop him from killing someone and triggering his curse."Elijah, I don't think it's working. I'm not sure Tyler should be around humans. He needs some stronger interventions. I can't get in his head to see when he's enraged to nip it in the bud," Freya moaned with her hands in her head. "Wait, what if, with Tyler's permission, I compelled him to come and tell you when he was feeling homicidal? We can't blame the boy for not wanting to get a sleeping draught or a swat with that paddle every time he's angry. But if he only is treated when he truly needed it, maybe his aggressions will decrease? Being compelled, he would have to be honest as to his feelings, even though he might not like the consequences. We could ask him?" Elijah suggested. "I don't like the idea of compelling him, but if this doesn't work...He can't be around Matt and Jeremy anymore. He almost punched Jeremy out this morning for not picking up his socks. Time is of the essence," Freya specified.-------------------------Kol found Matt sneaking out later that night. "What are you up to, Matt? I thought Klaus said we're all to stay close in case the hunters come back? Mate, that's what he told me," Kol clarified."Yeah, Kol, while I have other shit going on. Now, move aside. You never used to be on our asses like this. You used to be cool. What got into you?" Matt crowed, pushing him and getting angry. "Whoa, Matt, you're not going anywhere. Now, sit over here and talk to me or we're going to have a bigger problem than that daft jacket you are wearing," Kol joked, pulling Matt back in by his letterman jacket.Matt sneered, "This jacket is awesome. Okay, fine. I'll talk but you can't tell anybody.""Matt, I'm sorry, mate, but it doesn't work that way in this family. You should know that by now. Now spill it," Kol commanded. Matt told Kol everything that Vicky's ghost had told him. "Matt, I know this is hard to hear, but you have to realize that you can't bring your sister back. Dahlia unleashed a curse, that affects, not only our family, but the world if Finn isn't brought back. Plus, I hate to tell you, but it's already too late...Freya and Bonnie have already done the spell. It takes a while to complete," Kol acknowledged."What? It's too late. What am I going to tell Vicky? She's right here screaming at me," Matt lamented. "Maybe you need to talk to someone about seeing ghosts? Freya, perhaps? Now, get back to bed before you get yourself in trouble," Kol cautioned. "Thanks, Kol. I guess you saved me the nightmare of trying to dig up a grave," Matt admitted. "Among other things," Kol pressed. ----------------------------Bonnie and Freya unlinked their hands and fell back in exhaustion. The spell to bring back Finn was complete. They used earth from Norway, the land of his birth, hair they collected from the lake cabin where he lived before Ester took him, and the blood of his blood, Freya, to bind the spell. All of the objects were placed in the coffin where his other siblings had kept him boxed for around 900 years, Freya was not sure what would materialize. No one they knew of had ever had the power for this spell. They had communicated with Seraphina a few times since the attack. She cautioned them to do the spell now while a rare comet and the Perseid meteor shower crossed the skies above their heads at the same time. Now, they waited. --------------------------A few days later, Klaus and Elijah gathered the family. "First of all, I want to thank everyone for all you have done this past week from Elijah and myself. Kol and Marcel, you have stepped up in ways that have shown me you are capable of the great things we envisioned from you. Rebekah, without you, we would be savages residing in squalor and dressed in rags. The repairs look stunning. To our friends, Bonnie and Alaric, we can never repay your service to this family, but I shall try. In the envelope, you will find a small token of our appreciation. Freya, I curse the many, many years we were cheated of your company. You are not only a wonderful eldest sister, you are a friend. Boys, I know this will come as a shock, but so much of what we have done and do is to protect you.  Our family came to this land a thousand years ago in search of safety and prosperity. We found that for a time, but life is never predictable. We will need to split up until we have hunted down our father Mikael and his rogue corporation of hunters. Elijah and I will be traveling first to Norway to find out what is going on. Rebekah and Marcel will take care of our business interests in New Orleans and secure the quarter. A war has broken out between the Crescent Moon wolves and the other factions. Kol and Freya will stay here at the house.Jeremy, until we find a cure or remedy for you as a hunter, you must stay away from vampires. Alaric will move back in with you to your family home to train you and keep you safe. Jenna has already been informed. Matt, we need to keep you away from Tyler, whose curse is in danger of being triggered. However, you should be safe with Jeremy and Alaric. Tyler, since you can be a danger to humans, but not vampires, will reside with Freya and Kol. Tyler is compelled to report any sparks of aggression that may trigger him now. Tyler, we are all behind you and support you in what you are going through also. This difficult time will soon be over and we can then celebrate our time together," Klaus finished. Elijah interjected, "This is a lot. However, we promise that by Thanksgiving, we will all be together again.  We must eliminate this hunter threat from Mikael and the Mark of the Five from Jeremy. Jeremy, you were born a potential hunter. We may never know how or why. It may have something to do with your ancestors being vampire hunters, like the infamous Jonathan Gilbert, but it is not your fault. I know that wherever any of you are, you will be well-taken care of. Please know that we will be will you all, if not in person, in our hearts, always and forever." With that, Elijah walked out of the room and Klaus followed. "I'm not sure I can do this," Klaus lamented. "We must. Mikael is getting closer. I can feel him," Elijah swore. "Let me go alone. He only really wants to kill me, the bastard, you could be free," Klaus cried out, pouring a strong drink."Brother, I haven't struck you in a long time. You know I will not leave you. If you suggest it again, the children will have to come in here and see us tussling on the floor and breaking through walls. Do you want that?" Elijah said, sipping his bourbon. "No, Rebekah would beat us both soundly if she had to call those contractors back. She said they charged an arm and a leg. So be it. To Norway, and finding Father and killing him for good," Klaus said finishing his drink. -------------------------The rest of the family fell into stunned silence. Rebekah and Marcel were scared and happy. For the first time, they would be trusted to live for a time alone. Marcel could be the King of New Orleans and straighten out those Crescents. Maybe he could get the witches under control again. He had heard rumors of the elders ordering a Harvest of their young witches for power. Marcel did not take to children being executed-ever. That would be on his list to stop.  Kol was surprised that he was complimented. Could he really not screw up and disappoint his big brothers for once? He was proud of himself for holding it together these last months. He especially wanted to make Freya proud. She never knew the "old" him who used to use humans as puppets for his amusement. He hoped that she never would.  Freya heard something as she brewed her nightly potions. She told Matt to ignore Vicky's ghost and she would go away, easier said than done. Freya did make him a potion to make that slightly easier to do. Jeremy was now getting calming teas and elixirs for his vampire hunting urges. And of course, Freya was dosing Tyler quite a bit to stop his urges. They had moved Jeremy's bedroom down to the basement level for a night or two for everyone's safety. Truly, the only vampire in danger from him was Marcel, but they didn't want to take any chances.  "Freya, get in here!" she heard Jeremy scream. Freya ran in and saw a small boyish figure covered in mud and debris."Jeremy, calm down. It's just Finn! A younger Finn, I supposed, but our brother just the same," Freya said going to get a towel. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Jeremy felt strange being back in his old bedroom. It was a nice room, but not remotely like anything they had at the mansion. He remembered his mom painting it blue and decorating it with him before she died. Jeremy flipped through his old books and sketchbooks remembering the past. Yet this place didn't feel like home anymore."Hey Jer, you need anything? I thought we would just order pizza for dinner. Sound good?" Jenna called from the door "Yeah, great. Jenna, you sure you're okay with this? All of us here," Jeremy asked shyly. His aunt was young and now saddled with the responsibility of three teens and a live-in boy friend. "Jeremy, this is your home. You know that. And Alaric moving in to help, might not be a bad thing. Hint. Hint," Jenna winked holding out her left hand. Jeremy thought she meant she was hoping Alaric would propose, but he wasn't quite sure. He hoped things worked out for his aunt. He certainly hadn't made things easy on her when he lived here.  Matt was right down the hallway in the old guest room. This house was full of ghosts of the past. Elena's parents were always so welcoming to him. Matt had spent a couple of nights here, once when everyone camped out in the backyard. Another time, when there was a bad storm and it was late, Dr. Gilbert had insisted Matt stay. The next day they had a big breakfast of pancakes and waffles. Matt went home that day to his mom missing, the house trashed, and Vicky hung over. The refrigerator had been empty. It was like night and day. Matt really didn't want to get too comfortable here. He also didn't want Tyler to trigger his curse by murdering him, but Matt hoped a solution would be found soon and they could all return to the mansion. "Hey Matt, how you holding up?" Alaric said tapping on the door frame. "Real good, Mr. Saltz-, I mean, Alaric. It's a little weird, though," Matt admitted with a shy smile, trying not to think about how Alaric had swatted him throughly with a wooden spoon the last time he saw him. A blush crept up Matt's neck. If Alaric noticed, he didn't mention it. "I bet. Honestly, it's weird for me, too. Living here with you guys and Jenna. Since my wife died, I've been pretty much alone," Alaric mused.  "I'm sorry. I didn't even know you were married," Matt blurted out. "It's okay. It was a couple of years ago. I know you lost your sister, too," Alaric said stepping into the room. "Well, I don't know if I would say lost. Ever since I came back the night of the attack, I've been seeing her ghost. She wants me to help her crossover. I wouldn't or couldn't, and now she's mad," Matt confided.  "Oh Matt, that is awful. I really never used to believe in all this supernatural crap until my late wife Isobel told me about it. I did learn that to every magical type problem, there is a solution that can be found. Well, for a price. Like you came back, but now you're haunted. Can you try to make your peace with your sister and see if you can let her go? Maybe there is something you're not seeing? Does she want something else? Just thinking aloud. Never mind, this isn't my area of expertise. Well, it's almost time for the pizza. See ya downstairs in five?" Alaric said turning to leave. "Thanks. I'll think about it. Maybe there is something I'm missing here. I'll be down," Matt said wondering if maybe Vicky just needed closure, or was there something else? Matt ignored Vicky as she yelled at him for letting her be stuck in the Other Side. ------------***Freya mopped the foreheads of the boys with a cloth soaked in an herbal remedy she cooked up. She had them in hospital beds and was trying to get some fluids in them. Just water and broths.   "Freya, any change?" Kol said looking concerned. He hated that Freya was holed up down here in this basement level so much. Kol knew that Dahlia said they had to bring Finn back, but why did they send Henrik. Was that Ester's doing? Both women hasn't been heard from since the night Finn was turned to ash. "Yes, I feel like they are waking up. Henrik here only knows the old tongue. I've been trying to speak to him in modern English so he picks it up faster. Finn has been quieter. Kol, I'm not sure he wanted this. When I talk to him, he looks right through me," Freya said, her cornflower blue eyes filled with worry. "Sister, please go take a break. Let me try," Kol said ushering the hardworking witch out the door. The boys were both bare chested and covered with a white sheet. They looked pale and chalky. For a moment, Kol thought they looked dead, then Finn drew a breath and his chest moved.  Kol took the seat by his bedside and forced himself to reach for his hand. It felt warm. Vampires hands never did. A spark of jealously flowed through Kol thinking that Finn could be a witch again, while he never would. Yet no one should envy Finn, or his 900 years imprisoned. "Finn, it's me, Kol. I don't know if you can hear me, mate. I just wanted to thank you for trying to save everyone before when that hag Delphine tried to destroy us and Freya..." Kol paused. The truth made him ashamed of himself. "And I'm sorry for never coming down here to see you before. I didn't even try to talk to you or Mother. I don't know why, if I was afraid to or just too wrapped up in my own life. When you died, I felt awful, I thought we had more time.  The 'forever' in always and forever, isn't always long enough I suppose. I hope that when you wake up, you will give me a chance.  You have been given another chance. We denied you so many chances, keeping you in that coffin," Kol explained. "K-kol, is that you? You seem so grown up," Finn croaked squeezing his hand.  "I am 900 years old now, Brother," Kol grinned.  "You were but 17 for 800 of those and a rather reckless one.  My mind is coming back to me. My woman Sage, living in the Count de Martel's castle, running from Father...the dagger," Finn started to thrash.  "Finn, calm yourself. Those times are over. Nik doesn't use the dagger anymore. Not even on me. I swear to you," Kol said reassuring his brother.  "What does Niklaus use? Where are they? The others?" Finn quaked. "Oh, he has methods, but nothing that horrible. Unpleasant, yes. Elijah and Nik went to find Father and end him for good. Rebekah is with Marcel in New Orleans. Freya and I are here with you, as is our youngest brother," Kol said pointing at Henrik.  "Henrik? It cannot be! That is impossible," Finn tried to sit up.  Kol grabbed him before he fell He was so weak he almost slumped back over.  Henrik stirred in his sleep and said something. Kol went over to him. "Henrik, it is me, Kol. I know you have been gone since the 10th century. Boy, are you in for a shock.  This world shall be like an alien planet to you. A world that was only lit by torches is now a world that never turns off. Rest, Little Brother, for once you awaken, you shall not want to sleep again," Kol smoothed back his hair. Finn was again reclining, but watching this.  "You've changed," Finn announced.  "I hope, though I think I've become bloody droll. But better than walking around with a sore arse all the time," Kol mumbled noticing that Finn was now asleep.  So his eldest brother and his youngest brother looked the same age. How in hades would that work? -------------***"Aunt Freya, did you see my...?" Tyler yelled looking for his shoes.  "Yes, Tyler, your shoes are by the door where you left them. What's going on? Where are you going?" Freya asked as Tyler frantically grabbed his stuff to head out the door.  "Just the Grill. Nothing big," Tyler replied, not looking at her.  "Did you ask Kol? I thought we were going to order in tonight," Freya inquired.  "Ah yeah, I think I mentioned it. I won't be late," Tyler said pecking her on the cheek goodbye. Freya knew something was off, against her better judgment she let it go as it was nice to see Tyler happy and going out. He had been moping around since everyone left a few days earlier. ----------***"Hey Car, what was so freakin' urgent? I basically just lied to Freya to get out of the house," Tyler growled to Caroline as they slid into their booth at the Grill. "Tyler, you won't believe this, but there was a murder!" Caroline whispered loudly across the table in shock.  "Caroline, this is Mystic Falls, it's almost stranger when we go a week without a mysterious death," Tyler pointed out. "Yes, but how many murders have occurred on your family's property? Hmm, a hiker found the body near your wolf cave, without a head!" Caroline shrieked in excitement.  "What? That's private property. No one should even be on that land. Why didn't my mom tell me? How did you find out?" Tyler shuddered. "My mom got a call from your mom early this morning. I listened in on the extension. They are in the process of covering it up. They think it was a werewolf attack," Caroline shared glad to have finally caught his interest.  "But it's not the full moon so...Okay, you have my attention. We should look into this more. But can we order first? I'm starving," Tyler exclaimed.  "You're always starving. Fine! Eat and then we will go out there. I shouldn't have worn these shoes," Caroline admitted glancing down at her slings. _______________***Tyler and Caroline waited until the last of the investigators left the scene. Aside from a few stray pieces of police scene tape, nothing looked disturbed. It was dark and there was no light from anywhere except their cell phone lights until Caroline remembered that he dad gave her an emergency kit for her car. That was after she had been the one who stumbled on Vicky Donovan's dead body. "It looks like this is where it happened," Tyler said looking at a small cleared off space about twenty feet from the cave. "Where would someone decapitate someone here? Like what it is about this place? Do you think they checked the caves?" Caroline wondered looking at the entrance to the wolf cave.  "You know, not far from here is the site of the old estate that burnt down a long time ago. My father brought me here once when I was little. He got distracted and I ran off and  found this cellar. I was just able to go down this staircase when he caught me. He was so pissed because I was like covered in dirt. Well, that's what I thought he was pissed about, maybe there was something down there?" Tyler breathed.  "You know, your dad was always so sweet to me. I know you say he had a temper, but I never saw that part of him," Caroline claimed.  "No offense, Car. But he liked you, your parents were important. I don't want to talk bad about him, but if he didn't think someone was a voter or an upstanding citizen, forget it. I don't want to be like that," Tyler admitted. "Ty, you have changed. I mean it. I guess what I'm trying to say is, it's hot," Caroline giggled. "Caroline, are you flirting with me? Let me see," Tyler stopped and grabbed her flashlight and tried to shine it in her face."Stop! You ass, you're going to break it," Caroline laughed as she swatted his hands away. "Come here," Tyler pulled her closer and stopped to see if she was interested. He saw desire in her eyes.Tyler kissed Caroline softly as first, then more passionately. The flashlight feel to the ground and he moved his hand to pull her even closer. Breathing heavily, Caroline whispered, "Tyler, stop. I'm sorry. Let's get back to work." "What? Car, you are such a tease. This isn't the first time you have done this," Tyler thundered. "I'm sorry. Let's just focus. Something bad is going on here and our mothers need our help to figure it out," Caroline lectured him sternly. Tyler felt his heart accelerate. He remembered his dream from last night. In this dream, he wasn't a wolf entirely, but half-man, half-wolf. He had hunted and sated himself on a circle of witches chanting in a circle. It had seemed so real, it was so satisfying. He wanted to taste blood, to rip flesh. No! He had to get to the cellar quickly."Tyler, what's wrong? You are scaring me!" Caroline yelled. Tyler dropped his cell phone and ran towards the cellar stairs about 100 yards ago. He found them quickly and ran down the stone lined steps. There was an old, dusty room marked with claw marks. Chains were mounted onto the walls. Tyler felt bloodlust. He wanted to kill. He started sweating. He prayed Caroline wouldn't find him. It was so dark, yet he could somehow see. "Tyler, oh my god, this is so creepy. Talk to me, I know you are down here," Caroline begged. Tyler was ready to pounce until he remembered the talisman. He squeezed it and passed into a dreamless fog. ------------****Tyler woke up in his own bed in the dark. He took a gulp of a bottle of water near his bed and sat up. "You're awake," Kol said softly. "Uncle Kol! What happened?" Tyler squeaked."What happened is that lovely Caroline called us on your mobile to come get your sorry arse. The lass was rightly so terrified. That cellar is a real horror show," Kol finished, switching on the light."Did Caroline tell you about the body?" Tyler prodded. "Aye, she did. I just don't see what you two were stomping around the woods at night investigating. We didn't even know where the hell you were. I ended up calling Elijah in Norway. He told me how to track you phone. Then, Caroline called before we had to figure it out. You know, Freya was so worried, she was crying?" Kol prompted, his eyes burning."Oh my god, why? I told her that we were going to the Grill!" Tyler said getting out of bed. He realized that he was in a t-shirt and basketball shorts. "You're clothes were covered in dirt and brambles. And you don't tell us where you are going, you ask for permission first. We know what you did. playing mum off of dad," Kol snapped. Tyler looked at him and realized that Kol was angry. "I'm sorry. Thank you for coming to get me," Tyler said in a much softer tone. "Hey, we're just glad you are okay. Caroline said you ran into that cellar at top speed. She said you seemed enraged. Tyler, lad, I need to know what happened," Kol pressed. "We were kissing and she stopped me. She's such a fucking dick tease. I hate it!" Tyler shouted suddenly, trying to pick up the lamp and smash it. Kol vamped over and stopped him. "Stop it, right now, or-" Kol began."Or what?" Tyler roared. Kol sighed and yanked down Tyler's shorts to reveal his fitted white cotton underwear. Kol pulled Tyler tightly to him and holding him upright firmly smacked his behind energetically for a minute. The force was enough to bring Tyler up to his toes and shock him out of his tantrum.  "Are you done?" Kol asked not releasing him. "Yeah," Tyler retorted as his hands went to protect his backside."Move your hands," Kol warned sternly. Tyler whined and did so. Crack! Crack! Crack! "Try again!" Kol asked.Smack! Smack! Smack!"I'm sorry. Yes, sir, I'm calm," Tyler promised. "Good, now let's try this again. Next time your behind will be bared," Kol said calmly, releasing Tyler whose hands were now rubbing his sore cheeks. "Sorry," Tyler repeated, trying to calm himself after the brief, but stinging spanking that set his behind ablaze. "So you're kissing, and she stops. Then, you run off to this cellar? Why?" Kol asked confused."I was afraid I would snap. I needed to be alone and I had dreamt of hunting again last night. I knew if I didn't get to the cellar, I would kill Caroline. Uncle Kol, I wanted to kill the girl I'm in love with," Tyler lamented, his head in his hands. "But you didn't, Tyler. You had no business fooling around in the woods, but using the talisman and running saved you from triggering your curse. We'll talk about this later. Now come on, Freya had her heart set on Thai food tonight. She only had it once before. Then, we can watch the game, just you and me," Kol said pulling him by the arm. "Okay," Tyler said casually. Was he off the hook? "Oh, by the way, you're grounded for the next week. No leaving the compound. You might as well give me that phone, too," Kol said holding out his hand. Tyler groaned and whined, "I'd rather just get my butt beat. This is torture." Kol laughed,"Oh, I didn't say you're not in for a walloping, lad. Freya's gonna give you a good tongue lashing and god knows what else. Oh, and your Uncle Elijah wants you to call him tomorrow...First thing in the morn."Tyler groaned as they went down to get dinner. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Marcel couldn't sleep. He went to the balcony and stared down at the tourists and musicians in the street below. He felt Rebekah come up behind him, and quote, "'And in the calmest and most stillest night, with all appliances and means to boot, Deny it to a king! Then happy low, lie down! Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.'" "If you're sayin' maybe we shoulda stayed in Mystic Falls, I'm not arguing with you," Marcel replied taking her hand. "Here, have an apple. The old plantation house is lousy with them. I went to check on the house and get some of my old things. Come on," Rebekah said tossing the round, red fruit at him.  "Nah, reminds me of when I couldn't even touch one of them apples, even the rotten ones, without getting my ass beat," Marcel remembering his human life as a slave on his father's plantation.  "Marcel, what can I do to help? Want me to maim some witches? I'm happy to rouse the cauldron single-handedly," Rebekah promised. She hated to see Marcel in this state. He was overwhelmed was the mess the factions were in.  "It's this Harvest ritual, they really think it's okay to slit four little girls' throats for more power. Witches! Honestly, Rebekah, I think we could save those kids, even if their own people won't," Marcel thundered pounding the mental railing.  "Then, we'll save them. You know how I saved the Casket Girls in 1751 right before they were heading to said Governor's mansion? It was worth it then, it will be worth it now. Let me help you," Rebekah insisted. --------------*The next day:Matt had texted Tyler a couple of times already with no response. He was starting to get worried. It was after dinner, Jenna was at something for one of her classes. They had all just had leftovers on their own.  Matt guessed he had grown used to the family meals they always had at the mansion. Elena was never around, but constantly with with Stefan or at the Salvatore Boarding House. Damon also came back a lot which her, which Matt thought was odd. Was something going on between Damon and Elena? It wasn't Matt's business anymore, but he found it strange. Matt went by Jeremy's room to see if he had heard from Tyler, or talked to him. Jeremy's room was empty. Matt padded downstairs in his bare feet. Alaric had fallen asleep on the couch reading some history book that looked old and boring. Jeez, the guy was a little young to be sleeping at 8pm. Sad. Matt heard a thud from the basement. He opened the door and called, "Jer? Dude, are you down there?" There was no answer, but then he had a thwack and a muffled cry.  "Alaric! Wake up. Someone's in the basement," Matt shook Alaric awake.  "What? Okay, hold on," Alaric got up and got a baseball bat from the umbrella stand. He indicated for Matt to stay in the living room. Hell, no. Matt wasn't going to let him get killed alone. Alaric turned back again and mouthed, "Stay!"Matt paused a few seconds and then started behind Alaric again. He could help. Alaric turned on the basement light and yelled, "What's going on down there?" "Ric! Help!" a voice called out muffled. "Damon? Is that you?" Alaric asked, hurrying around.  "Jeremy Gilbert, what the hell are you doing?" Alaric shouted as he saw Jeremy pointing his crossbow at Damon, who was already shot with several special vervain bolts. Damon had been netted with a vervain soaked net and then Jeremy tied a muffled around his head. The vervain was sizzling as it burned Damon.  "Ric, if you don't kill this kid, I will!" Damon moaned with his teeth clenched shut to avoid gasping. He started to heal as soon as the bolts and netting was removed.  "Jesus, Jer, what are you doing?" Matt screamed surveying the scene.  "Matthew, you were told to stay upstairs," Alaric scolded.  "Ric, if I didn't know better, I would say the inmates are taking over the asylum here. I think you better have a talk with your boys here before someone RIPS THEIR HEAD'S OFF!" Damon shouted moving towards Jeremy.  "You were in my house!" Jeremy retorted.  "Your sister asked me to get something and bring it back to her. I texted Jenna and Ric that I was coming. I knocked, no one answered...I got the item and...," Damon replied restraining himself. "What was it?" Jeremy smirked. "None of your damn business! Ric, please kill him for me. If I do it, I get the Hunter's Curse..." Damon entreated.  "Jeremy, what I want to know is how you got into my vampire hunting supplies when they were under lock and key?" Alaric glared looking down at the boy.  "Ah, I can explain...' Jeremy promised, but saying nothing.  "Oh you will," Alaric said glancing at his watch. "Damon, I'll see that these boys are punished. I'll like to do it before Jenna gets home if you catch my drift," Alaric appealed. "I didn't do anything! This isn't fair," Matt wailed.   "I'll expect your apology soon in person, Little Gilbert. You can come by tomorrow to the boardinghouse," Damon said pulling another bolt from his thigh.  "He will, Damon. Sorry, I fell asleep," Alaric promised.  "No, I won't. He's a goddamn vampire!" Jeremy yelled.  Alaric reached out and popped Jeremy on the bottom hard after grabbing his arm to turn him to the side.  "I'm not five, for fuck's sake. I'm a hunter," Jeremy whined.  "Bye Damon. Sorry. Boys, go to your rooms. Now!" Alaric said as he quickly locked up his weapons and put the key in his pocket.  Damon smiled and waved bye, "Bye, bro. Don't go easy on the hunter! He doesn't play well with others."  ---------------***   Freya hugged Tyler hard when she saw him. He could tell that she was tired and drained. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to worry you. You look tired," Tyler said as they ate. He always got pad thai and green curry. "Hon, it worked out, I guess. I started to do a locator spell and then Finn started having a fit. Henrik is still so weak. I'm just getting a little frazzled. We didn't know where you were, if hunters got you or... But the talisman worked?" Freya asked digging into her red curry. "Yes, perfectly," Tyler said looking at Kol. He really didn't want his aunt to know that he freaked because he got rejected romantically.  "How about we deal with this all tomorrow? Freya, Tyler and I are going to watch the game and then I'll take the night shift with our brothers, so you can get some sleep," Kol said noticing circles under her eyes.  "Thanks. That would be great. I might ask Bonnie if she can lend me a hand tomorrow. It's almost like they are lacking life force or something. They are alive, but not really living yet. I can't explain it," Freya attempted. The old Finn was tempted to say something about Finn being a dullard, but he couldn't bring himself to be that lad anymore. Freya was worried and Tyler's little stunt didn't help things. Kol was torn besides wanting to rip into him for upsetting his sister and comforting him for getting rejected. After they finished, Freya started cleaning up.  "Sister, you are doing too much. I insist, go rest. I've got this," Kol said getting her a water and leading her into the bedroom off of the kitchen.  "Deal with Tyler now. He's feeling guilty. If you don't, he'll misbehave until we have no choice but to give him a harder punishment," Freya whispered.  "You sure?" Kol asked. He glanced back and saw Tyler checking his cell phone without permission. Freya looked pained for a moment,"I read his mind by accident when I hugged him, I feel terrible, the stuff with the girl...He's a lot more upset that he's letting on." "I didn't know you could read minds," Kol said sheepishly.  "Either did I, I think I'm too tired. Wake me up if there are any problems. Thank you, Kol," Freya smiled.  "Stop, go rest," Kol said shutting her down softly. "Anything interesting on your mobile?" Kol asked innocently. "Yeah, Matt is freaking that I'm MIA..." Tyler groaned realizing that he just confessed to his latest crime.  "How about this? You get your phone back and we take care of this tonight? I know it's hard to have a punishment hanging over your head," Kol admitted. "Am I still grounded?" Tyler pressed. "Do you think you deserve to be, mate?" Kol asked evenly.  Tyler flushed, "I guess I deserve to be drawn and quartered. I can't stop seeing the look on Car's face when she was afraid. I left her alone in the dark ass forest where there had just been a murder." "They used to draw and quarter bodies after they were beheaded, so maybe it's not so bad as that, eh? One week grounded, but we'll go see Matt and Jeremy or have them here, okay?" Kol inquired starting to pull Matt towards the great room.  He picked up the remote and tuned it to the game and muted it. Everyone else in this blasted time seemed keen on multi-tasking so Kol thought he'd give it a try.  Kol sunk in the deep leather couch sitting as far back as he could. He checked the score and then pulled Tyler into position.  He wanted them to have a chill night, but the boy was torn up. Kol started to think it would be easier if he turned than this turmoil that Tyler was going through. But some wolves, stayed wolf-like all month. Others kept their humanity more, they could almost lose Tyler if he turned.  "If you would have just come home after the Grill, you wouldn't be getting spanked right now," Kol informed Tyler resting his right hand on his backside.  "I know," Tyler whispered.  "You might have been told off a bit for fibbing. Maybe given the cold shoulder by your aunt until after dinner, but it would have been okay.  You would have been forgiven before you turned into the sack," Kol continued handing Tyler a pillow to grip and hold under his face. "I was stupid. I think I thought I was going to get laid or something. That didn't happen," Tyler whined right before the first smacks came down.  Crack! Crack! Crack!  "But instead of having a time with your lady, you're here getting a going-over like a little lad over my lap. Tell me why?" Kol said swatting steadily all over Tyler's nylon covered cheeks. It didn't hurt much but a warmth was building where the swats were overlapping.  "I lied that I had *crack* permission from you to go *smack* to the Grill. Then, I went *whap*to the woods with Car, freaked *spank* out when she cut me off, left *crack* her alone in the woods, and then *pop*passed out in this creepy cellar *slap* while investigating a murder," Tyler said breathing hard as he tried to concentrate as the spanks got firmer.  "Did ya think without your dad here you wouldn't get a good, hard spanking if you needed it? Hmm? Did you think I'd go easy on you?" Kol asked swatting Tyler's sit spots over and over again until he was kicking his legs out.  "I'm sorry, *pop*  Uncle Kol. It wasn't *crack* like that," Tyler moaned.Getting smacked over the nylon shorts seemed to smart more and more. He started trying to lift up a little as the heat in his rear was starting to burn uncontrollably. The discomfort was turning into a fierce sting, even over his pants and underwear.  Kol continued the warm-up by spanking randomly all over Tyler's behind for another minute."Mate, I think you took a little bit of advantage of the situation," Kol confided. Tyler realized that he never would have pulled this crap if Klaus was around. He knew better. Even Elijah.  "I'm sorry. *whap* You're right.*whap* I thought I could *whap* get away with it," Tyler admitted.  Kol stopped swatting and let his hand rest again on Tyler's backside. He gave him a minute to settle down and stop moving.  "Would your dad just use his hand if you misbehaved like this when he was here?" Kol asked now rubbing circles on Tyler's back to calm him down. Tyler started to cry from the guilt. He had taken advantage of his aunt and uncle's kindness to take off and do what he wanted. He made himself sick.  Kol tapped his behind twice.  "What would your dad spank you with for this kind of willful disobedience? Just his hand over your pants?" Kol prompted.  Tyler now sobbed out loud and tried to get up which got him two firmer taps. "The wooden paddle," Tyler finally admitted.  Kol stood him up in front of him.  "Then, go get the paddle and bring it back here, lad," Kol demanded.  Tyler's hands went to his tear streaked face and he wiped it dry with his sleeve. He trudged toward the drawer in the kitchen slowly. The material of his briefs and nylon shorts chafed against his behind as he walked. Opening the drawer, he fished out the only paddle in there, from the assorted junk. It was the heavier, larger, round paddle that really smarted from that antique game. He mentally cursed Jeremy for hiding the lighter paddle that one time and making Dad find this one in the garage. Where was that thing anyway? "Hurry up, Tyler!" Kol yelled to the adjoining kitchen. "Yes, sir," Tyler choked out wiping his nose again with his sleeve. He was embarrassed at having already cried so hard before even getting the paddle applied to his behind.  He handed Kol the paddle sadly. Kol took it and laid it on the couch.  "Blow your nose," Kol directed giving him a box of tissues. Tyler did and felt better. He got a couple fresh ones and crumpled them up in his hand. He would need them.  "Shorts down," Kol commanded. Tyler slipped off his shorts robotically.  "Over again. Come on, don't drag this out," Kol advised, knowing that Tyler was trying to put off the the next part.  Kol helped Tyler stretch himself out over his lap. He secured Tyler with his left arm and pulled him in tighter. Tyler squirmed with anticipation.  Kol patted Tyler's brief covered behind with the round paddle lining it up. He handed him another throw pillow to hold and put his face in.  "I want you to try to keep still. Try not to kick too much," Kol warned giving Tyler the first smack.  "Owww," Tyler grunted.  Whap! "Ahhhh," Tyler kicked out his left leg. Swat! Tyler cried out and threw back his hand.  "I know this stings, but I expect you to take this spanking like a big boy. Hands forward, hold on to the pillow," Kol reminded Tyler. He didn't move his hand so Kol smacked his left sit spot firmly and then his right.  Crack! Crack! Tyler begged, "S-stop, please. It hurts."  "I think this paddling will do you some good the next time you want to just take off without permission, young man" Kol lectured giving him a hard spank in the center of his behind that was hard enough to almost launch Tyler forward over Kol's lap. "Is the paddle making an impression on you?" Tyler sobbed out an answer.Kol was trying to think of some of the things Elijah and Klaus had lectured him with as he was in this humiliating position.  Spank!  Both of Tyler's legs shot out and he started sobbing into the pillow with renewed passion. Tyler was rocking harder and pushing up with all his might to get up. "Down! These underpants need to come down," Kol remarked pulling down Tyler's briefs to his knees. Tyler hissed as the snug briefs scraped against his battered, sensitive hind quarters. He wailed. Pop! "I'm s-sorry!" Tyler yelled out.  "Okay, it's over. You are getting a sound spanking and you are going to let it all out. No more guilt. Caroline is fine. You are fine. You made a mistake and you are getting punished," Kol cooed, not sure if the boy was even listening.  Tyler was really starting to wail and struggle. His bottom was a bright red. Kol decided to finish with a litany of lighter, faster swats to make a solid impression.  Tyler's fists gripped each other under his head. He sobbed into his elbow and the pillow was wet from his tears, but the spanking seemed never to end. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! "And this paddle is going to stay right here on this coffee table in case you need another spanking while you are grounded, mister. Don't think because you got a hard whacking on your bare bum, that you can't get another harder one around here. Any misbehaving and you will end up right back over my knee. Do you understand?" Kol punctuated each sentence with a loud paddle swat. Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Tyler's kicking had worked his underwear off and his voice was hoarse from screaming and crying.  "Yes! I u-understand. I-I'm s-s-sorry, U-Uncle Kol," Tyler shouted out afraid of getting even a single more stinging whack with the heavy paddle. Tyler's backside was a deep red down to his thighs. Kol put the paddle on the coffee table and patted Tyler's back gently. He didn't think he could take a single tap more. Kol now knew why Klaus was so found of that salve. Tyler looked very sore and tender. Kol didn't think he could bear to put his shorts and underwear on that raw arse.  Tyler was weeping softly and seemed to be quivering. Was he cold or just so upset he was shaking?  Kol grabbed a soft blanket from the back of the couch.   "Shhh, come on. Here, let me help. I'm going to wrap you in this," Kol urged standing Tyler up so he could wrap him in the blanket. He pulled Tyler down to his lap carefully as he could. Tyler winced when his backside slightly came into contact with Kol's leg. He shifted him so he could hold him. "You did so well. It's all over. It was very naughty of you to do what you did, but it is water under the bridge. Are you okay, lad? I didn't beat you half to death did I?" Kol joked. "No, Uncle Kol. I'm better. I mean my butt hurts really bad ,but I don't feel like I ruined the world, so thanks. But you wouldn't like paddle me again for real this week, right?" Tyler asked fearfully. "Are you going to misbehave again?" Kol smiled and inquired.  "God, I hope not," Tyler whined reaching back to rub his scotched cheeks.  "I'm sorry to say but in this family, you can get a good hiding before you even recovered from the last one," Kol quipped.  "Did that happen to you?" Tyler asked curiously.  "More times than I wish to count but I'm a slow learner, I suppose," Kol admitted, still rocking him slowly.  "I'm going to help you guys more. I know you didn't want to spank me tonight," Tyler admitted.  "Tyler, we never want to spank one of you. It hurts me, not me arse, but my long dead slow beating heart," Kol admitted.  "I know. I'm going to try my best to behave. Did you think Caroline will talk to me again?" Tyler wondered.  "That one might slap your face, but then maybe you have a chance. She's a pretty one, fiery too," Kol added.  Kol rocked Tyler until he was half asleep. So much for watching the game. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Geneva, Switzerland CERN"It is ironic that I must grovel to my greatest failure, the Strix, to help destroy the evil that I abandoned them to, our father," Elijah said to Klaus in the sterile boardroom situated in the Franco-Swiss border near Geneva. The Strix had a lab here at Cern and this is the only place where they said the meeting could take place.  "Elijah, if Mikael hadn't gotten so close that time, you could have guided them more to your vision. Instead, Tristan warped them to his sick vision of power. But Brother, today we need that power. Mikael's become stronger than we knew," Klaus admitted.  "All I wanted to do was assemble minds curious about the world and eager to improve it. We had the time and circumstance. Yet today my 'elite brotherhood' is a legion of ego-maniacal sociopaths. And here we are, begging their help and protection," Elijah scoffed.  A door opened with a whoosh sound.  "Elijah, Klaus, how kind of you to join us. It has been a long time, has it not?" Tristan de Martal drawled in his upper class accent in his impeccable suit. Though, not as impeccable as his sire, Elijah's. "Tristan, good of you to make time for us. We can see that you have become quite busy and important here at CERN. If I may ask, exactly what do you do here?" Elijah replied smoothly.  "Many, many things, sire. On the surface, we use the particle accelerator here to study how particles interact and collide on a subatomic level. In secret, we are trying to synthesize the secrets of our immortality. How do our cells regenerate? Why do we need blood to live? How do we heal? We are studying the science of the magic that binds us," Tristan answered smugly.  "Intriguing, indeed. When we spoke on the phone, you said you knew where our father was. I know you had some dealings with him some years back," Klaus commented wryly.  "As you fooled my noble father 1000 years ago, I, too, was forced to fool your father. He very nearly slayed us many times. He's a clever warrior and a ruthless killer. It pains me that my own sire would abandon me and the organization we created together and leave me for dead, so he could run like a coward," Tristan drawled glaring at Elijah.  "How dare you speak to me that way! I made you and I will end you despite how important and protected you think you are. Now either help us or quit wasting our time. We have many things to attend to," Elijah shouted standing up quickly.  Klaus was surprised that Elijah lost his temper or appeared to do so. Then, he remembered how Tristan was a bully who had to be bullied to cooperate.  "Forgive me, my sire. It would be my honor to assist you in your quest. In fact allow me to present you with your father, Mikael, the vampire who hunts vampires. Or used to anyway," Tristan finished hitting a buzzer.  Klaus and Elijah froze. They had little protection. Klaus had one stake, but would that be enough?  What folly was this? Of course, Tristan would betray them.  The door buzzed open again and Mikael Mikaelson walked in. ----------------****Mystic Falls, VirginiaGilbert House "Boy, are you out of your fool mind?" Alaric yelled at Jeremy.  Although Alaric had been tempted to give Jeremy a few good whacks before he even asked him what happened, he didn't. Alaric calmed himself down and listened to Jeremy's story. Jeremy told him that he had been passing by the living room when Alaric's phone beeped. He went to give it to Alaric to wake him up in case it was important and 'happened' to see Damon's message that he was stopping by. Jeremy said that his hunter mentality kicked in and he fished the keys out of Alaric's pocket and broke into the weapon cache. He laid in wait for Damon and used the vervain bolts to overpower him and drag him to the basement.  "Jeremy, let's say I totally believed your story, which I don't, by the way, WHY would you think this is okay?" Alaric pressed.  Jeremy whined, "These vampires have my sister. Did you notice she's never around because she's always with them. She can't even come home, but sends a vampire? Are you fucking kidding me? I'm going to kill them both. You can't stop me, so don't bother!"  "That's it!" Alaric grabbed Jeremy and pushed him down on his bed. He yanked down his pants and underwear to his knees. He brought his hand down hard across both of Jeremy's squirming cheeks. Crack.  Jeremy cried out in shock and pain.  "Ric, no!" Jeremy wailed, flailing and trying to flip back over. He was surprised by the sudden powerful whack.  Alaric spanked him hard five more times all over before speaking again. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! "Do you understand you could have been killed tonight?" Crack! CRACK! "I'm a hunter! I could have gotten him," Jeremy screamed back kicking and trying to free himself. Whack! Whack! Whack1"Damon is my friend, my best friend. Your other guardians are vampires. I don't see how you can think this is okay," Alaric asked swatting his thighs once each. Jeremy's backside was bright red in some spots, in other spots Alaric thought he could see handprints. He pulled Jeremy's pants back up.  "Jeremy, you have to get some control over this. If you actually kill a vampire, your map will grow and your need will get stronger. This will be your life and newsflash, hunters don't live long," Alaric said patting him on the back.  Jeremy was sobbing into the crook of his elbow, snot was pouring out of his nose and his hair was a mess.  "Just get the hell out and leave me alone! I fucking hate you," Jeremy screamed.  "Jeremy, you stay in your room. I'm going to talk to Matt. I'll be back when you have calmed down. If you can't get it together tonight, your backside can get a little hotter tonight. So I suggest you use this time to think about how you should have behaved differently," Alaric said firmly shutting the door behind him.  Not even one week and he was a failure as a dad. Alaric rubbed his face as he headed down to Matt's room.------------***New Orleans, French QuarterWhen Father Kieran finally told them where and when the ritual was, it was almost too late. Three girls had their throats slashed already and there was only one left to save. Marcel, practically flew across the cemetery, slaughtering the elders. His guys and Rebekah helped. Some he beheaded, some he slashed their throats, and some got crushed. He grabbed the only surviving Harvest girl and they rushed her to St. Anne's Church.  "Oh Marcel, she's lovely. Please tell me that's not her blood!" Rebekah hoped, wiping a smear of blood off the girl's face with her handkerchief. Davina came to a little.  "That wasn't my blood. It was my mother's. She wanted them to cut my throat. The French Quarter Coven can burn in hell for all I care!" Davina ranted as Marcel set her on her feet in her new attic home. Her traitorous mother was dead now, as well the rest of the coven.  "I'm Marcel and this is Rebekah. And this is your new, ah, home. Don't worry, we'll find a better place for you, but for now, you will be safe here in this attic of St. Anne's," Marcel promised. "Thank you both. I can't believe they lied to us. They killed my friends. If it wasn't for you, I'd be dead, too," Davina trembled. The room trembled all around them.   "Hey, hey, it's going to be okay. We're here for you," Marcel assured her.  "My name is Davina. Davina Claire. It's nice to meet you," Davina smiled and felt that maybe things would be okay.  Marcel asked, "What do you like to do? We'll get you all set up here."  "I guess I used to like to draw and paint," Davina recalled.  "You got it," Marcel smiled his most charming smile.  "I'll get you some new clothes. You have the most beautiful skin, dear," Rebekah said touching her face, now cleansed of blood.  ______________***Mystic Falls, VirginiaMikaelson Mansion Tyler woke up still cuddled up with Kol on the couch in that soft blanket. The television was still on blaring some infomercial. For a second, he just enjoyed the feeling of being held and close to someone who loved him. Thank god no one was around to see this, he thought to himself. Then, he moved and felt the deep ache of his recently smacked bottom. Damn, that salve must really help. It would be embarrassing, but if his rear stung this much tomorrow, he was going to ask for some.  Realizing he didn't have pants on, caused Tyler to get up carefully and slip on his shorts. He left his underwear off because the thought of pulling them on was horrifying. He grabbed them and was about to go up to his room to shower when he thought he heard something.  "Aunt Freya? Hello?" Tyler called out softly. It was coming from the basement door. Tyler opened it as sometimes Freya was carrying stuff and needed help.  "We're hungry," a dark haired boy said. He was covered in a white bed sheet. "Finn?" Tyler asked confused.  "Yes, oh, I think I remember you. It's all a bit blurry," Finn said looking around.  "Are you coming up or...?" Tyler asked. Finn didn't answer but wandered back to the elevator.  Tyler was surprised Finn even knew how to work the elevator. He seemed so out of it. Tyler was walking stiffly and felt a deep throbbing in his backside that was very uncomfortable. Maybe he could find that salve himself, now that he was down here?  Finn led him to where Freya kept the foods she was giving them. Tyler realized that they were getting canned Ensue, like elderly people.  "Dude, I mean, Finn, can't you eat regular food?" Tyler prompted thinking how gross this stuff might be.  "I do not know. There is a lot I cannot recall, but it is coming back. I had a dog Sage. One of you shot me with a bolt, that hurt," Finn rambled drinking the ensure with a straw. "Yeah, that was a couple of months ago. How do we feel Henrik?" Tyler asked Finn.  Finn shrugged. Henrik was still sleeping and Tyler went to wake him. His skin was pasty and he felt cold. Something seemed wrong.  Despite the burning in his backside, Tyler ran and got Freya. He was afraid Henrik was dying. ----------****Mystic Falls, VirginiaGilbert House Alaric knocked on Matt's door. There was a mumble to come in. Alaric looked at his phone, Jenna was going out with friends. He was relieved, but also a little irritated. Her nephew was going through a crisis and he was here dealing with it when she partied.  "Matt, I don't know if you heard..." Alaric said embarrassed. He could tell Matt looked indignant.  "Sir, pardon my french, but I'm not freakin' deaf," Matt made clear. Matt heard Jeremy yelling and crying. It was pretty clear that Alaric had spanked him and Jeremy resisted.  "Understood," Alaric replied.  "So are you going to whale on me like you apparently did to Jeremy?" Matt asked plainly.  "No, of course not. Matt, I don't like doing things like that, but I won't apologize for trying to keep Jeremy alive. He's not thinking clearly with the mark clouding his judgment. If it was any other vampire, Jeremy could be dead now. I know Damon can come off as a... dick, but overall, he's a good guy," Alaric explained.  "So am I going to get punished for disobeying you?" Matt choked out.  "What would you father do?" Alaric asked sitting on the edge of Matt's bed.  Matt's face colored but he remembered that he and Marcel had already disciplined Jeremy and him for endangering their lives. Alaric probably already knew what their father would do, but he just wanted him to say it.  "For this? Bust out the paddle and wear me out with it until I was a sobbing, hurtin' mess," Matt admitted.  "Would you have disobeyed him like this if he told you to stay?" Alaric asked softly.  "No, sir. I'm not afraid of him, but I'm afraid to..." Matt drifted off, realizing it was true.  "Disappoint him?" Alaric finished. "Yeah, how did you know?" Matt wondered. "Hey, I've been there. Matt, I'm going to be honest. This might not be the right thing to do, but I'm giving you a pass this time. As we all get to know each other better and spend more time together, I hope you will grow to trust me. I guess I was a little overzealous to just expect you to blindly obey me," Alaric shared.  Matt flushed completely.  "Sir, I appreciate that, but you do have authority over us. I want to be a police officer someday, maybe join the military. I shouldn't have disobeyed you. That's insubordination. But, thanks for the second chance. If I earn another butt whupping, I swear I won't argue with you on it. I swear," Matt promised sincerely.  "You're a good kid, Matthew G. Donovan! Don't worry, we won't let you get court martialed," Alaric leaned over and patted his shoulder.  "Thanks. Are you going to talk to Jer?" Matt asked worriedly.  "Yeah, I don't know if he's ready to talk, but I'm gonna try," Alaric answered.  "He really misses everybody, especially Ty. I know he feels bad about the mark, but that's not his fault, right?" Matt said pulling his covers up.  "No, son, it's not. Love you. Go to bed," Alaric said turning off the light.  Back at Tyler's door, Alaric found himself praying to a God he wasn't sure he believed in for strength.  Alaric knocked softly and found the door locked. He felt about the door frame and sure enough, there was a universal key. He slipped it in and cracked the locked.  As he walked in, Alaric felt movement to his right and moved quickly pivoting to the side.  Jeremy swing the bat hard at Alaric's ribs and missed as he jumped back. The bat clanked uselessly to the floor. Alaric had Jeremy's arm pinned behind his back.  "Hey, hey, I'm not your enemy here. None of are," Alaric said turning Jeremy so he could look at him. He held his arms and looked in his eyes, seeing only pain.  "I'm sorry," Jeremy cried slumping to the floor.  Alaric slid down with him and held him as he cried on Alaric's shoulder in ragged sobs. Tears and mucus left wet marks on his shoulder, but Alaric didn't care as he finally felt the tension drain out of his body.  "Jeremy, I know it doesn't feel like it now, but it's going to be okay. We'll find you help. I know you miss your dad, your family, and Elena, but killing Damon will not help anything," Alaric whispered. "I know. I'm sorry. I'll tell Damon that tomorrow. I didn't want to hurt him but I was so mad that I couldn't see straight. I wonder if I cut this damn mark off if it will help!" Jeremy threatened.  Alaric reached down and smacked the back of Jeremy's thigh. Crack! "Stop talking like that or I will finish the spanking I started before. Do you understand?" Alaric cautioned.  "You hit hard, Alaric. I don't want another one," Jeremy whined rubbing the sore spot.  "Then, you are going to apologize sincerely to Damon tomorrow. You are also going to write,'I realize if I touch weapons again without permission I will get a worse spanking on my bare backside" 100 times," Alaric added.  "No, Alaric, that's too embarrassing!" Jeremy cried and Alaric swatted the back of his other thigh."Want to make it 200 times?" Alaric threatened."Okay, okay. Sorry, my butt aches already," Jeremy said rubbing out that sting. "Let me see. I don't want to embarrass you, but I was swatting you pretty hard. I want to make sure I didn't leave you black and blue," Alaric said gently slipping down Jeremy's pants on one side.  "A little pink in two spots, but it looks fine. Jeremy, you realize that you need a lot of training to hunt. A lot," Alaric pressed. Jeremy shook his head, "I really don't know anything about it." Alaric admitted, "After my wife died, I thought she was killed by a vampire and I became a hunter. I trained for years and studied. Those weapons you almost killed Damon with were designed by me. Yet, to a full-power vampire, they are child's play." "I don't want to be a hunter. I don't want to kill anyone. I swear. I just can't fight these feelings," Jeremy replied.  "We'll help you. You might have to learn how to be around vamps without acting on your impulses. Staying away from vamps, may just prolong things. This means you need to tell us when you are thinking crazy. We can't have you grabbing a stake and trying to kill Stefan at dinner one night," Alaric cautioned.  "I know. I can't let my emotions get the better of me. I guess this is a fraction of what vampires feel. This intensity?" Jeremy mused, rubbing his behind a little as he shifted slightly. "Are you feeling better?" Alaric asked, still on the floor rubbing Jeremy's back.  "I am, thanks. You know, aside from this stinging butt. Do you think Damon hates me? Is he going to tell Elena what I did?" Jeremy whispered, rubbing the tattoo on his arm slowly now, wishing it would disappear.  "No, but if he wants to give you a few smacks tomorrow or another punishment, I'm not going to stop him. I think in Damon's day, they'd take naughty boys out to the woodshed for a taste of the strap, or have them cut their own switch to welt the backs of their legs, so what you're feeling now is nothing compared to that. Now with those happy thoughts on your mind, let's give you to bed," Alaric said getting up. Jeremy nodded sadly, worried about facing Damon tomorrow. He gulped thinking of Damon going old school on him. Jeremy knew he was a bit of a baby and couldn't take a real punishment. Even the thought of it, turned his blood cold.  Alaric was touched that Jeremy was so concerned with what the vampire that he tried to kill earlier thinks about him. A typical teen, but with a hunter's mark that he never chose to have. Alaric vowed to find a way to break this foul magic that threatened to destroy Jeremy.Jeremy got into bed on his stomach and Alaric tucked him in. He ruffled his brown hair and kissed him, and turned off the lights. "Love you, Jer."----------****After Alaric got out of the shower, Jenna was back. He could tell she was slightly tipsy.  "How was everything? Any problems?" she asked kissing him on the lips and tugging at the towel wrapped around his waist.  "Yeah, actually. Give me a sec. We should probably talk," Alaric replied putting on flannel pants and a white undershirt. He helped Jenna take off her dress and she put on a nightgown.  After they were in bed, he started, "Jeremy got into my hunting weapons. He almost killed Damon."  "What? Why would he do that? Oh my God, why didn't you call me?" Jenna gasped, guilty that she had left Ric to deal with this mess.  "Hon, it's okay. We had a long talk and I took care of it. I'll take Jeremy over to Damon's tomorrow to apologize. Jeremy got pretty out of sorts," Alaric admitted stroking her arm.  "I hope you had it out with him. He knows better. Did you ground him? Because if you didn't, I'm going to tomorrow," Jenna promised sternly.  "No, I didn't ground him. But I..." Alaric wanted to be honest with her. If their relationship had any hope of surviving, she needed to know who he was. Alaric had been trying to think of ways to break it to her about the vampires and werewolves, but he wasn't sure the time was right. But she also needed to know how he felt about discipline. Screaming at , swearing at, and isolating a kid like Jeremy would seem more abusive and cruel to him, then the smacking he had subjected Jeremy to.  "What? Ric, did you hit him? You know Grayson and my sister never so much as smacked that boy's hand," Jenna explained.  "Jenna, he was completely out of control and I took him to his room and spanked his bare butt. I used my hand and smacked him like ten times pretty hard, I admit. He was angry, I gave him some time. Then, we had another talk, he apologized, and went to bed," Alaric said calmly.  "Wow, I can't believe this. I mean, isn't he like way too old for that sort of thing?" Jenna said stunned.  "Jenna, I'm sorry. I just felt he needed it. Honestly, he probably could have done with a good amount more, but I needed to get his attention before we could talk about what he did. Believe me, hon, he's not too old at all," Alaric reported looking over at her. "Okay, Ric, I trust you. If you say he needed a spanking, he did. God knows, I couldn't control him when he lived here with just me. He was doing drugs, skipping school, talking back, and always sullen. At times, he was downright cruel to Elena. There were a few times I wanted to slap him across the face, but I never considered tanning his hide," Jenna confided. It never occurred to her that the Mikaelson's, Jeremy's other guardians, had resorted to such methods with her nephew. "I don't think it would have been a good idea for you to try.  I had to hold him down and he fought like a wildcat. He's going through some shit, Jenna. But in the end, he's going to be fine," Alaric said as Jenna scooted closer.  "You're sure he's okay. Should I go check on him?" Jenna asked starting to get up.  "Hon, I was with him holding him for a long time. He cried it out. I tucked him in on his stomach and he's going to sleep well with a warm ass," Alaric promised.  "You seem to know a lot about this kind of stuff for someone who never had another kids," Jenna inquired.  "Hon, I was on the other side a good many times. My dad, my uncles, my granddaddy all took me in hand plenty of times. And believe you me, I didn't ever get too old, hell, if I sassed now, granddaddy would rise out of his grave and light me up good right now. I would never do to someone else, what wasn't done to me a hundred times. Including hugging them after, even when they want to hate you, and..." Alaric paused feeling like maybe he was oversharing.  "What? It's okay. You can tell me," Jenna announced. "...and always telling them you love them. Because I don't think kids, or people really, can hear that enough," Ric said, his voice rough with emotion. "You're a good daddy, Ric. Speaking of, I love you," Jenna smiled kissing him hard.  "Thank you, Hon. I love you, too. Thank you for supporting me and believing in me. I'm sorry we didn't discuss this all before to get on the same page before we all moved in together," Alaric finished, kissing her all over.  Alaric finally forgot about all of his problems for a little while and focused on his beautiful Jenna. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "I won't ask for you to believe that I mean you no harm, but Finn's death revealed that his whole sire line died with him. So Tristan would not risk his life, if he didn't trust that I wouldn't attack you," Mikael started.  "But you don't want to kill Elijah, Father, or shall I call you Mikael the Destroyer? It was always me, the bastard boy who begged for scraps of your attention like a dog, that you want to destroy," Klaus uttered his green eyes blazing. "No, call me Father. You told me in New Orleans a century ago that only a father could have done the damage I've done. Niklaus, Elijah, I...please," Mikael stopped and glanced at Tristan, wrought with emotion and shame. Elijah could not stop himself from looking to see if Niklaus noticed Mikael use the word 'please.' He had never heard him say it before. "If you will allow me? Mikael came close to destroying this organization once, many years past, as we have said. Since that time, Aya and I have sought to bring him to our side, to have him as a leader and to get his sacred blood to study. To do that, we needed something that he wanted. For a long time, that was you, Niklaus. If it weren't for the devotion of our sire, Elijah, protecting you, we would have attempted to assassinate you. Even in the time when you were at odds last year, we could never locate Elijah to try to recruit him. In truth, we knew our sire would never abandon you," Tristan explained glancing at both brothers.  "How does this relate to our dear father here? I grow weary of this long tale Tristan. What did you want Mikael for?  You always did love to hold court, didn't you?" Elijah prompted.  "Ah, yes. My apologies, so we realized that what Mikael wanted was his family back so we orchestrated the early awakening of the witch Freya from the cottage in New Orleans, the retrieval of the witch Ester, and now something greater, the rebirth of Finn and Henrik," Tristan specified.  Henrik? Klaus steeled himself not to look at Elijah. He didn't want the little prick to know he was surprised.  "What's the catch, Tristan? What do you want?" Klaus said evenly.  "We will reunite your happy little family, aside from Ester, whom I'm afraid is with her dear sister, but we will need just a small token of your appreciation," Tristan remarked, he enjoyed toying with them so.  "Tell them," Mikael demanded.  "All I need is a quantity of your blood, your doppelgänger, and the harvest witch that your son Marcus, Klaus, has obtained. Your father has complied with his end of the bargain and is willing to throw himself on your mercy in order to reunite with his other long-dead children," Tristan went on. "Tristan de Martel, explain what the catch is before we rip you to shreds right here in this sterile boardroom," Elijah said getting up and vamping over to Tristan. "Oh, if you don't comply Finn and Henrick will be dead again before nightfall," Tristan said, walking out and leaving them alone with Mikael.   "They want Niklaus's blood or body to recreate a hybrid. They are making an army, as you may have seen from their sordid attack on your home. I may have gotten into bed with the devil, but I knew no other way to approach you," Mikael said looking down. "Father, you hunt us without mercy for 1000 years and now you think we will let you corrupt the family we have held together.  Our sweet sister Freya, or dear Rebekah who is finally happy with her lover, or Kol whose humanity has returned, or Finn, who..., never mind, how can we trust you?" Elijah asked plainly. "Sons, please see for yourself what is in my long dead heart," Mikael said, holding out his hands to them.  Looking at each other, they each took a hand. If this was some trick, Klaus still had a dagger in his jacket that should work on even Mikael. The first scene was a Viking festival during Yule, a big man was dragging a young Mikael across the hut by his long blond hair."By Odin's throat, you will not be weak, if you can survive, you can go raiding with me. Now go!" The boy was tossed out of the hut in the freezing storm and left to fend for himself. He fought a wolf pack off with a sharpened stick to survive. He came back days later a bloody mess to find that his father had already left without him. Then, they saw another village across the sea where Vikings raided and killed most of the people, a young blond woman and her brown hair sister were dragged off into the ship to be sold as slaves. The boy was older now and gave the girl food and water, as her sister was forced to perform spells in another hut. They saw it was Freya, and she and Mikael married, leaving Dahlia to rot.  They saw Mikael spin a little blond girl around. He laughed and said, "I named my sword after you, Freya. It is called Rawthul, after the dawn sun. It's hilt is golden, like the color of your hair." 
"Think of me in battle, Father. Be victorious!" the child cried smiling."You will always be by my side," Mikael said holding her tightly. The next scene was Mikael coming home to hear that Freya was dead to the plague. Then, Mikael, now harder, a pregnant Ester, and Finn took a ship to the New World. More children. The land prospered. Mikael was teaching his sons to hunt, Nikaus fumbled with the bow and Mikael told him that he must be strong. The blades went missing, Mikael caught Klaus carving figures from the White Oak tree. Elijah tried to stop Mikael from beating Niklaus. "Do you want to be next? He is weak!" Mikael continued the whipping until Niklaus was almost dead. The whole family cowered in the caves while the wolves turned under the full moon above. Klaus had to see this, Henrik followed him. The pack caught their scent. Henrik was bloody and broken and dead. Ester screaming, Niklaus begging her to save him. Mikael forcing Ester to do the spell. Klaus killing, then turning on the full moon. Another spell to stop the wolf. Then, Mikael finding Ester's dead corpse falling to his knees. 
"I will avenge you, good wife, but all the gods I swear this."Mikael hunting, razing cities, draining ancient vampires, hunting, but always alone. Then, a seer told him that his Freya would rise every hundred years and some of the hatred melted in his heart. Something began to change. ---------****The connection broke and Klaus and Elijah were breathing heavily. They had felt everything Mikael had.  "How was that possible?" Elijah gasped.  "The seer let it be known to me that I could do that. I know it is no excuse, but I thought if maybe you could see some-," Mikael started.  "What? That we would forgive you? We had to stop you from killing Niklaus more than once. You never spared a single kind word for any of us. And the worst part is, we still loved you, respected you, needed you," Elijah huffed.  "You hated me because I reminded you of yourself? I'm not even of your blood. How is that possible?" Klaus choked out, amazed.  "I do not know. From the time you were young, I saw you as me. I was afraid you would have my weaknesses, my fears. I needed you to be strong, to be hard, and you never were until the day that I cut that necklace off you and...," Mikael recalled.  "I fought you. As soon as Mother's little charm keeping me weak was off, I almost bested you. You impaled me through the shoulder and pinned me to a tree! I was but a boy! You left me for dead" Klaus yelled. "I know you can never forgive me. I will not ask it. I would give anything, though, to go back.  Let me show you through actions, not hollow words that I have changed. You owe me nothing. I know that. Let me see all of you. Please," Mikael pleaded.  Elijah looked at his phone finally. He saw a message from Freya saying that Henrik was alive, but very sick. "I think I may have a plan," Elijah said, calling Freya back. ---------------****Rebekah kidnapped the witch using the cursed shackles. Rebekah and Davina snuck out of St. Anne's went on a road trip to hunt her down. They finally found her in Lafayette, about two hours from New Orleans.  "She didn't get too far did she?" Davina laughed as Rebekah blasted the music in her red corvette. "Want to drive, love?" Rebekah asked.  "Sure, but I don't have a license," Davina admitted.  "That's fine. I can't be destroyed, but if you wreck this car, Marcel will be a little ticked. Oh, darn, I guess we better focus on the witch. Your locator spell put her exactly where?" Rebekah asked looking at the map.  Marcel had found the name of a witch who had been sentenced to the Fauline Cottage for using sacrifice magic. She had gone on the run to escape her fate. Davina concocted a spell that would allow Rebekah to compel the witch to think that she was Harvest girl Davina Claire. For hours, they filled this witch's head with details that would let her pass as Davina herself. Davina knew the Ancestors would frown on this and most likely punish her, but so many in the coven were dead, that for a time, they were stuck with her. They would tell the Strix that she was body jumped to explain the change in appearance.  Elijah had been having Elena drain her mystical blood for him for months at the Lake House. He convinced Tristan to accept this in lieu of the doppelgänger's life. Elijah had the blood shipment arranged and kept stressing that the amount of blood he had was more than Elena's whole body contained. There was no need to kill her.  As to the Originals blood, it was very dangerous for them to turn their blood over to the Strix yet after discussion, Tristan admitted that they already had some qualities through the sire line of vampires. The Strix reverse engineered Tristan's blood to get Elijah's, etc. Klaus gave three vials and Elijah did the same reluctantly. The Strix had to agree not to make any progeny from this blood or use it for any binding spells.  The brothers knew they would rue the day they gave in to the Strix, but they wanted to save their brother, Henrik. Neither could trust Mikael, but for the sake of Freya, they decided to try. The Strix also threw in a few bonus rewards. For Kol's blood, they would remove the Hunter's mark from Jeremy. For Rebekah's blood, they were reduce Tyler's bloodlust.  "It was all a set-up wasn't it? The hunters, Jeremy, Tyler..." Klaus grumbled.  "I'm not sure. I think Dahlia was our family problem. Did you notice Mother in that memory. She was having a fine time while Dahlia was dirty and covered in bruises. What kind of sister was she? And Ester marries a man whose tribe murdered the entire village? I almost felt for Dahlia," Elijah admitted.  "They knew that I blamed myself for Henrik's death. Will he remember us? Will he remember his terrible death? Will he forgive us?" Niklaus wondered.  "Niklaus, there is nothing to forgive. Nothing. Now come, let us board and be done with this continent. We have had some fine times here, but Europe is not our home. The children and our siblings await us," Elijah said gripping his arm.  "Always and forever, Brother," Klaus said following him. ------------------****Freya came up behind Tyler and put her arm around him.  "Thank you. You have taken such good care of them, Hon," she said putting her head on his shoulder.  "Well, Finn seems to have forgotten that I was the one who shot him in the chest with a crossbow, so I think he likes me now. Somewhat," Tyler admitted.  "Good. Did Henrik drink the shake?" Freya asked putting up the can.  "Sorry. No luck there," Tyler said quietly.  "Hello, Nik called before they left. They should be here tomorrow morning," Kol shared. "So your dad will be here? Should we call him 'gramps?'" Tyler smiled.  "Well, he was never the warm and fuzzy type with us. Freya, what do you think?" Kol asked politely. He knew how excited she was.  "If he is half the father I recall, he will be fine. If he tries to kill any of you, I'll put him in a coma or paralysis him for a few hundred year. You have my word on that, Brother," Freya smiled. She would do anything to protect her new family even if she had to do that from her own father, she would.  "That's good enough for me," Kol shared as he and Tyler went back upstairs.  "Ah, Uncle Kol?" Tyler started.  "Aye, Tyler?" Kol replied.  "You know how Dad said that if I got in trouble when he was away..." Tyler cringed. "That you would get double when he got back?" Kol finished.  "Do you think he means it? I mean, d-do you have to t-tell him?" Tyler stuttered.  "My dear boy, first of it, if I didn't, my arse is on the line for lying and disobeying him. Second of all, he already knows. It was either me or Freya, or both of us who told him and Elijah. Third of all, yes, he means it. Trust me, I know from experience," Kol mentioned.  "Shit!" Tyler groaned.  "Hey, it's not just about you getting your backside handed to ya, it's about if these Strix pricks have been messing with you magically. Do you understand that all of your aggression may have been enhanced so they get what they want? This Tristan arsehole is a real con dressed up in fancy clothes. He was like best friends with Finn, now that I think of it," Kol rambled.  "Okay, that makes sense," Tyler said glumly figuring that his dad was most likely going to reinforce the lesson his uncle taught him the night he ditched Caroline in the woods. She still was not answering his calls, but she could have been grounded.  "If anyone asks me, I'll tell them you had a bloody good hiding. I mean without Freya's salve, you'd still be sitting on that pillow for dinner tonight," Kol laughed punching him lightly in the arm.  "Ouch! Thanks, Uncle Kol. I really hope everything works out with your dad and Henrik gets better soon," Tyler shared.  "Don't mention this to Freya, but our father was the meanest son of a bitch in our village. He was a great hunter and fierce warrior, but gods, the man was terrifying. He would just stare at me with his ice blue eyes sometimes and not say anything. You know, I was the one always full of mischief and tricks. But Mikael never came down on me like he did Nik.I was good at magic from the time I was small, which Mikael didn't really like, but he never tried to stop me. I should have been the one he hated, that he beat the worst, but it wasn't, it was always Nik. None of us ever knew why. I guess that is what I want to know is why," Kol said sadly.   Tyler frowned, "Can't you just ask him when he gets here?"  Kol thought a second, "I don't think I even spoke one word to him first. And you know how much I talk. Never. That's what this man was like. Terrifying. I just don't see how he could have changed after spending 1000 years trying to kill us."_____________***Jeremy slept surprisingly well considering the drama the night before. Alaric was driving him over to Damon's house. As usual, Elena and Stefan were at the Lake House. Jeremy tried not to think of how a dirty, blood sucking vampire was ruining his sister's life.  When they got to the Salvatore Boarding House, Alaric mentioned that he need to run some errands and would be back to pick him up after. Jeremy got out of the car and slammed the door shut.  Jeremy rang the doorbell and no one answered. He finally opened the door and yelled, "Damon, it's me. Jeremy." "Oh, Little Gilbert. I didn't recognize you without your crossbow? Come on in," Damon quipped.  "Look, ah, Damon," Jeremy started, wanting to get his apology over with.  "Where's Ric? You didn't mistake him for a vamp and stake him through the heart or anything, right? Should I call Liz Forbes?" Damon said in a serious hush.  "No, Damon, you don't have to call the sheriff. Ric isn't even a vampire, by the way, so your joke makes no sense. I know you are trying to get me mad to see if I will freak out again. I won't," Jeremy stormed.  "Well, Jer, it seems like you are getting a wee bit huffy. Is it your time of the month? I could get you some midol," Damon asked with his eyebrows raised.  "Look, Damom. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have tried to..." Jeremy faltered now seeing anger on Damon's handsome features.  "What? Stabbed me with vervain, shot me full of poison arrows, and then netted me with a freaking vervain soaked net. It burned like acid," Damon shouted.  Jeremy's face fell. He didn't realize that he had tortured Damon so badly with Ric's hunting supplies.  "Ric already yelled at me and span-," Jeremy was too embarrassed to admitted that Ric had punished him.  "Oh, you got your violent little butt spanked? I guarantee a few cracks on your bare ass do not equate the agony you put me through. If you weren't Elena's little brother, I would have taken off your..." Damon took a deep breath and stopped himself. He had a little brother. If someone talked to Stefan like this he would probably drain them dry. Then again, if Stefan did this, he would wear that boy out. Damon noticed Jeremy was crying. "I didn't mean to hurt you. The freaking mark, it's making me want to do things. I keep thinking about how Stefan takes Elena away and we never see her anymore. If you want to torture me, go ahead. I deserve it," Jeremy sobbed.  Damon blew out his breath. Damn this kid. He wanted to be pissed at him, but Jeremy was just pitiful. Alaric had filled him in on last night and he knew Alaric had punished him. Not severely enough in Damon's opinion, but the kid did have the whole hunter's mark thing happening. "Okay, let me get my iron maiden and then we'll give you a nice stretch on the rack and end with thumb screws," Damon said laughing at Jeremy's scared expression.  "Come here, you idiot," Damon smirked pulling Jeremy into a hug. He let Jeremy cry for a minute, before pulling back.  "Jeremy, the next time you get the urge to attack someone, tell one of us. I swear we won't get mad. Yes, I might make fun of you, but we'll deal with it. Now, get out of here, my soap is coming on," Damon said glancing at his watch.  "You and Ric already talked didn't you?" Jeremy groaned.  "Gee, you should be a private detective. He is my best friend, ya know," Damon confessed.  "I know now. Thanks, Damon. The next time you come over, I will be nicer," Jeremy said leaving. He felt better. The urge to hurt was still there, but not like last night. Although Damon tried not to show it, sometimes he actually wasn't that much of a dick.
  
    Chapter Text
    "Kol, I'm not sure Henrik is going to make it. His pulse is so weak," Freya gasped to her younger brother.  "Let me give him my blood," Kol said biting into wrist and pressing it to Henrik's mouth.   "Thank you," Freya sobbed, breaking down.  "They will get here in time. Henrik, please. Bróðir, live," Kol hadn't spoken in Old Norse for many years. A flood of memories washed over him. He wished the strongest wasn't the night that Henrik had been torn to pieces by the wolves.  Finn was upstairs with Tyler. Tyler was trying to show him how to use the remote control for the television again. As Tyler was ready to bang his head against the wall, or Finn's really, the door from the garage opened.  "Thank God!" Tyler muttered.  "Son, we're home!" Klaus said putting down his bags and going to hug Tyler.  Elijah carefully greeted Finn, then Finn noticed the other man standing there awkwardly.  "Faðir?" Finn gasped standing slowly.  "Yes, Finn? It's me. You look just like you did as a boy," Mikael cried holding out his arms. Elijah and Klaus looked at each other in shock in see Mikael so emotional. Finn stepped closed and they grasped each other's forearms.  Kol heard them and came up, "Hurry, Henrik's dying. Call the Strix."  Elijah dialed a number on his phone, though he assumed they already knew they were here. Elijah suspected that the Strix cadre of witches were causing this folly. He had to get to the bottom of it as soon as he could.  Klaus and Elijah went downstairs to see Henrik. "Líthverrr katinn draggeð inn!" Kol muttered.  "What?" Tyler asked.  "I said, 'Look who the cat dragged in,'" Kol repeated, giving Mikael a hard look.  "Kol," Mikael said, still clasping Finn.  "So Father, are you here to kill us or something new?" Kol said pouring two glasses of blood and offering one to Mikael. To his surpise, Mikael took it, they all knew that Mikael prided himself on only drinking vampire blood.  "Thank you. I know you are angry, Kol. I cannot blame you. All I ask is that you give me a chance to prove myself," Mikael said, wiping his face quickly.  "Sure, why the hell not? Father, this is Tyler. Tyler, this is Mikael the Destroyer, the Vampire who hunts Vampires," Kol smirked.  "Tyler, call me Mikael. Kol, would you take me to see Freya and Henrik, please," Mikael asked after shaking Tyler's hand.  "Finn, can we talk when I come up?" Mikael inquired politely. Kol wasn't sure how much of this good guy act he could take, 'please', 'call me Mikael', did he get a lobotomy at Cern? "This way. By the way, mate, there is also a dungeon down here. Just in case, you try to stake us or bust out your handy-dandy whip," Kol quipped.  "I shall try not to do so. I assure you. How is Henrik? I heard he is in bad shape?" Mikael asked.  "Aye, but I'm sure he is better than he was the last time you saw him," Kol said quickly. "Oh Kol, I didn't protect him from those beasts. And I had us all cursed...yet now we have another chance," Mikael shared.  "Who protected us from you? I can't do this now, mate. I do not know what you want here, but if you hurt anyone in this family every again, I will spent the rest of my immortal life making you suffer. Do you understand me, 'Mikael'?" Kol hissed backing him up to the wall near where Henrik was.  Elijah vamped over and pulled Kol away, "Come on, Kol. He's not worth it. Tell me how everything has been going."  Mikael saw her hair first. It took him back to the last time he saw he when she was just a little girl. He almost fell to his knees. Freya turned and saw her father and her breath caught in her throat. This was the day she dreamt of so often. If it had only come earlier, much earlier. "My dóttir, please forgive me. I did not know. I thought you dead," Mikael said crossing the floor to hold her. The years melted away and for a moment, they were both happy just to be reunited. Kol felt a stab of jealousy in seeing this. Klaus was numb and paranoid that Mikael would slaughter them all in their beds. Elijah was worried about Klaus and Kol.  Then, they all heard a small sound. "Þat var vargrr..." Henrik croaked. His face was pale, but his green eyes were opened now.  "It was a wolf?" Klaus repeated.Henrik was now speaking faster. "I don't think he knows who we are," Elijah said. Mikael bent down and called his name. "Henrik, it's me. Faðir," Mikael said. "He wants to know why I look so old," Mikael said laughing and crying. "It's like he's..." Kol started."Still stuck in the night he died," Klaus finished. In the Old Tongue, Klaus said, "Henrik, it is Niklaus. Brother, you were hurt and slept for many years. You are back now but all has changed. You must eat." Freya went to him and introduced herself since Henrik never knew her. He was able to sit up and start to eat.  Elijah said, "So the Strix witches have healed him. What is to stop them from pulling this again?"  Mikael replied, "I will be the first to admit that I don't trust Tristan. They want to use our blood to become as strong as Originals themselves. With science and the strong magic of their de facto coven that they call the Sisters, they may be successful. They need us in case any unforeseen situations arise. Also, never forget that we hold the lives of our sire lines in our hands. They cannot kill us, but they can try to imprison us." "We shall make sure that does not happen. I know in Ester's line, the most powerful witches are the first born daughter, however, Finn and Henrik here are untapped witches. Though, untrained, if we needed to, we could use them as an anchor," Freya revealed.  Elijah replied, "Henrik looks like he is getting tired again. Freya, why don't you show Father around. I'll stay here with our youngest brother. Father, we have a guest house or there is a room here you can use. It is up to you." "Thank you, Elijah, Niklaus. I'm sure you all be more comfortable with me in the guesthouse, if it is not too much trouble," Mikael replied.  "Be careful there, the last residents who lived there, were turned to cinders," Kol spouted.  In unison, Freya, Elijah, and Klaus all said, "Kol!"  "Sorry, can no one take a bloody joke anymore?" Kol said stalking out of the room.--------------****"Hey Dad, glad you're back," Tyler said from the couch in his room. "Me, too. You have no idea how glad I am to be back," Klaus said joining him. "So, your dad?" Tyler started. "Weird, huh? He hunts us for 900 years and now he is trying to make amends. The good news is that the evil organization that brought our father to us, can tamp down on your aggression. It may take a little longer, but if they get Rebekah and Kol's blood, they said they can also help Jeremy!" Klaus shared gladly. "Whoa, that fucking-, I mean freaking, awesome," Tyler shouted. Klaus smiled at Tyler's happiness. The boys needed to be back together. School was starting soon and he wanted them all here. "Kol and Freya said you were a big help to them with Finn and Henrik," Klaus offered. "I tried. Finn is kind of a pain in the ass, but I'm trying," Tyler confessed. 
"Speaking of, pain in the asses, what happened when you got in trouble? I know you already got punished for it, but I did warn you that-," Klaus started."Yeah, yeah, I'd get twice what they gave me," Tyler quipped. "Hey, mister. Watch the attitude or we can make it triple," Klaus retorted lightly. "Oh damn," Tyler laughed. "This cursing? One more slip and we're going in the bathroom to wash out that mouth, got it," Klaus said pulling Tyler into a side hug. "Yes, sir. Sorry. So basically, Caroline was freaking out and telling me that I had to get to the Grill quickly, so I kind of..." Tyler's face flushed in shame remembering how his had mislead his aunt and uncle about his whereabouts. "Go on, son," Klaus encouraged. "...made it seem like I had permission from Aunt Freya to go when Uncle Kol asked me where I was going. Then, I went to the Grill, but we ended up on the old Lockwood property where a murder had taken place. I tried to kiss Caroline, but she wanted to search the place. I got mad and left her alone in the dark and found this old cellar with all these weird chains. Car found me and I freaked. I used the talisman and passed out," Tyler blurted out the story as quickly as possible. Klaus was troubled by several things in the story. "So did they ever find the murderer?" Klaus inquired. "Not to my knowledge, my mom and Sheriff Forbes though it was a werewolf attack, but it wasn't on the full moon. The body was headless," Tyler shared. "And you left Caroline alone and ran off because she wouldn't return your affections? Were you hoping to have a romantic encounter in this cellar, young man?" Klaus glared. "Dad, I'm going to be honest. We've had sex before. What's the big deal? Caroline's not a prude so if she did it once, why not multiple times? It's not really your concern," Tyler ranted. He really didn't think his sex life was anyone's business. "Let me tell you something you may not know. When a werewolf gets a female pregnant, she can turn into a werewolf after. Did you have protection on you?" Klaus asked sternly, knowing the answer. Tyler was really getting put out. He didn't like the direction this conversation was going. "No, goddammit, I didn't. What? Afraid you're going to have little grand baby wolf pups? Did you ever hear of abortion?" Tyler scoffed. "Tyler, I do not know where you got some of these ideas, but I want you to listen carefully to me. Can you calm down and do that right now?" Klaus asked seriously, breathing slowly. "No, because I'm just gonna get my ass beat for being a normal kid. It's not fucking fair," Tyler raged."Okay, let's try this, I'm going to ask you to join me in the bathroom for your mouth soaping and some time in the corner. When you settle down, we can talk calmly. If you can't, we will talk with you over my knee. Understand?" Klaus said quietly. Tyler bit her lip and nodded. Klaus grabbed his hand and told Tyler to sit on the counter. He unwrapped a small hotel sized bar of soap and grabbed a wash cloth.  He wet the soap and lathered it while Tyler watched with big eyes. Klaus folded the wash cloth and said, "Open, please." He scrubbed the cloth along Tyler's tongue and mouth for a few seconds covering the inside. Tyler was gagging. Klaus then took the wash rag out and popped the lathered bar in and told Tyler to bit down. Klaus then led Tyler over to the corner of the bathroom and gently push him in so his nose was pressed up the corner. When Klaus thought of the sex comments, he was very tempted to peel down Tyler's sweats and spank him while he was in the corner. Klaus knew that would be more about the venting of his irritation rather than getting the boy's attention to hear what he needed to say. After two minutes, Klaus told Tyler he could spit and rinse. Tyler did so eagerly. He knew that the soapy residue taste would remain for a while longer. "Can we sit down and talk without the curses and ugliness?" Klaus asked. Tyler nodded, on the verge of tears. "Okay, Tyler. First of all, you always need to use protection. Abortion is not birth control. It is a woman's choice, but you also have the choice not to 'spread your seed' so to speak. Please, be smart and safe. Secondly, just because you had relations with someone once, doesn't give you the right to ever have it again without consent. Even a husband or wife could be assaulted if pushed to do something without their consent. Thirdly, you really put Caroline in an unsafe position. If there was a murderer on the loose and you leave her alone while you run off and do your thing, and something happened, you would never forgive yourself. I'm not saying it is better to kill her yourself, but you never should have assumed you have the right to have sex with anyone else. Lastly, I'm sorry, son, but no lady wants to have sex in some filthy, disgusting cellar at night while looking for a killer that you two had no business looking for," Klaus concluded. Tyler nodded, letting some tears slip down his face. "I guess when I want something, I will just do anything to get it despite the consequences," Tyler said bitterly. "Instead of impressing Caroline, she hadn't spoken to me since that night." "I'm sorry, son. I hope you two can work it out. I can tell how much you care about her. Also, the relations will be better if you actually have a relationship, if you catch my drift," Klaus smirked. "Since we were kids, Caroline always used to joke that we were going to grow up and get married. She even used to have names for our twins. I guess I just took her for granted and used her. Maybe I'll call her again tomorrow," Tyler considered. "That's a good idea. Do you want to talk about anything else? I know you didn't want to talk about some of that stuff in the first place," Klaus smiled. "No, I think I'm good, except for the awful taste in my mouth," Tyler replied. "You deserved every bit of that. Come here, you know you don't have get a sore butt to have me hug you," Klaus said pulling him over into his arms and squeezing him. Tyler groaned good-naturedly. Klaus rocked him a minute and then let him go with a swat. "Okay, go to bed. We can talk about this more. This shouldn't be the end of the discussion, but the beginning." 
"Thanks, Dad. Love you," Tyler said, wondering what his kids with Caroline would look like. He hoped they would have a boy and a girl. First though, Car had to start taking his calls again. 
  
    Chapter Text
    New OrleansSt. Anne's Church2010 Davina was not going to miss the Dauphine Street music festival.  She had asked Rebekah if they could go together. Then, Rebekah got an urgent call from her family and had to fly home.  "Marcel, please, it's just one night. Rebekah said I could go!" Davina whined flipped her long brown hair back.  "Honey, I know you're disappointed. Something has come up at home. I'm really sorry but the answer is no. We'll do something when things settle down, okay?" Marcel said calmly.  Davina was furious. She stomped her foot. She didn't want to tell Marcel that she really wanted to see Tim, her old flame from school. He was a beautiful violinist and he never missed the festival. "D., please. I hate to see you disappointed. Rebekah really wanted to take you. Now, I gotta go see about something but I'll come by later and we can hang," Marcel said turning away."I could boil your blood if I wanted to. Don't forget what I can do, Marcel. I am here by choice. Now, send two of your guys to escort me and it will go off without a hitch. Deal?" Davina said in triumph. Marcel vamped over to her. "Davina Claire, you try to boil my blood or anyone else's and you will find yourself over my knee getting a, I suspect, long overdue spanking. Do you understand me? I don't want to alarm you, but Father Kieran thinks there is a chance the witches are getting closer. Look at me, D., I'm not going to let anything happen to you," Marcel said gently rubbing both of her arms. "I'm sorry, Marcel. I've just been in here so long with this power coursing through my body. You wouldn't really hit me, would you?" Davina asked cautiously. "No, honey, I would never hurt you like that. But in our family, if someone needs their butt warmed up for their own good. That is a different story and yes, I will not hesitate to spank you to keep you safe. Don't test me, D., because I will do whatever it takes," Marcel informed her."Because you need me to keep the witches in line?" Davina agreed. "No, D., because I need you in my family. Now, hang in there and I'm going to see if Father Kieran found out any new info. Come here," Marcel said hugging her to his broad chest. She didn't like being threatened but when Marcel was around, she felt safe. ---------------****Davina knew that no one would ever know she had slipped out for the festival. Marcel's guys would be fooled by the tiny little glamour spell that made it look like she was sleeping in her bed. She combed the bars and venues until she thought she saw him. Yes, it was Tim! Davina waited until his set was over and then approached him."Tim?""Davina! Is it really you? You haven't been to school in months!" Tim said almost dropping his violin."Yes, I had some issues. Can we go someone and talk?" Davina asked shyly. She wanted to go someone less public. A few hours later, she and Tim were having a wonderful time reconnecting on a bench on the street. He played her a few tunes and told her all the latest gossip from school. Hearing about her old life made her sad. As Tim leaned over to kiss her, she heard someone yell, "Found here! Over here." Soon, she was surrounded by vampires. Instead of restraining her, they got Tim, and pinned his arms back as he struggled. "Let him go!" Davina screamed. The vampires ignored her. "I'm going to tell Marcel," Davina went on, ready to fry all of them."You don't need to, honey. I'm right here," Marcel said walking in with his brown leather jacket on. His beautiful teeth flashing. "Marcel, what's going on?" Davina demanded. Marcel came up to her and grabbed her into a rough hug. "I was so worried. I thought they got you. I was imagining you with your throat cut, like the other Harvest girls. Come on, D., the witches found out about St. Annes'. We gotta get you out of here," Marcel said pulling her. "Wait! Let me say goodbye to Tim," Davina screamed, pulling away. Marcel nodded at his guys. He didn't bother to tell Davina that Tim was just going to be compelled and sent on his way. He figured she needed the closure. Once they were nearer to the The Abattoir, where a car waited to take them to the plane, Davina asked, "Where are we going?" Marcel stopped, "Mystic Fall, Virginia.  Don't worry, we'll 'talk' more on the plane.""Marcel, what do you mean 'talk'? You can't spank me on a plane! Marcel, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have disobeyed you. Don't be angry," Davina pleaded. "Honey, look, I'm not mad at you. I was scared and worried. But as I promised you, my hand on your behind is going to express just how worried I was. Now, unless you want a preview right here on the street, I suggest you follow along," Marcel said taking her hand. Davina nodded and followed along silently. ------------****Mystic Falls, VirginiaMikaelson MansionRebekah walked into a scene that stunned her.  The family was at the massive dining room table. Klaus was at the one end, then Elijah, Freya, two younger boys, Tyler, Kol, and an older man. Everyone seemed in good spirits. Laughing and passing food, the family seemed normal somehow. "Rebekah," Klaus boomed out and rose to greet her. She urged everyone to sit and said hello to Finn."Henrik, it's me Rebekah. Do you remember me?" she asked him in the Old Tongue. "I remember your hair, yellow. You used to put flowers in it," Henrik replied back slowly. She hugged him carefully, then Freya. It was only then that she noticed Mikael at the other end of the table. "Hello, Father. How nice to see you when you are not leaving burning cities in your wake!" Rebekah snarked, taking her place. "Rebekah, my daughter, I understand your anger. If you want, I can leave," Mikael said, getting up. "No, by all means, continue. Marcel and the Harvest girl, Davina, should be here shortly.  It should be no surprise to anyone that the witches of New Orleans are not giving up any scrap of power," Rebekah scoffed taking some ribs. "Of course," Freya said, glad she and Bonnie didn't have these issues in their coven. "Where's Matt and Jeremy?" Rebekah asked. "Once the Strix gets your blood and Kol's and confirms it with their little tests, they vowed to cure Tyler and Jeremy of their afflictions and the boys can come back home," Elijah informed her. "Hopefully, that will be tonight or tomorrow," Klaus announced. "Oh, that would be lovely. It will be a full house. Klaus, you might need to add more rooms!" Rebekah smiled. "There is always the third floor. You and Marcellus can move up there with Davina, if you like. Father is staying in the guest house," Klaus said continuing to eat. "Oh Nik, I'm not sure how long we can stay. But that sounds lovely. I'll go look at it after dinner," Rebekah smiled. She was surprised to hear her brother call Mikael 'Father' so causally. She looked at Elijah and he smiled back. Mikael was talking to Freya and Kol quietly. What the hell was going on here? Finn looked like the old Finn. Henrik seemed confused and weak. "So tell us about this Davina? You said she was a Harvest girl?" Kol asked. So Rebekah told them the story.--------------***Private jet to VirginiaDavina had never been on a private jet before. She had actually never been on a plane before but tried to appear cool about it. "What about my stuff?" Davina said softly. "We'll get everything shipped up to Mystic Falls. I really don't know how long we need to stay there. That damn Bastiana is not giving up, D. She's been hexing folks and tearing through vampires to find you," Marcel vouched. "I'm sorry I'm causing all this trouble," Davina acknowledged. "Hey, this Harvest thing is not your fault. No one kills kids in my town and gets away with it. Do you know the story of how I came to be here?" Marcel said, opening his arms. She shuffled over and let him hold her."No," she mewled. "I won't bore you with the details, but Klaus, my dad saved me from slavery. I had no name, no family, no future. He gave me immortality, but there is always a cost, D. You have all this power in you, but you gotta use it to do good. When you took off, not only would the witches have found you and cut your throat, but a lot of vampires would have died fighting them. You know how strong French Quarter witches are," Marcel lifted her chin to look at him. "Marcel, I didn't think of it that way. I don't want anyone else to die," Davina said getting upset. "But they may because you disobeyed me. Do you see why I have to punish you? Honey, believe me, I don't want to do this, but you need to learn a lesson," Marcel said, using his vampire strength to flip her over his left knee. The jet had a leather couch they were sitting in. "Marcel, no. I'm sorry. Don't," Davina panicked, not knowing what to expect. Smack!"Ouch! Okay, I get it," Davina yelped. Marcel couldn't help but smile, he barely tapped her and she was flailing around violently. Bringing the flat of his hand down harder across both her cheeks, he lectured, "You were warned that you were liable to get a spanking, but you did it anyway. You were lucky I didn't paddle you in front of young Tim.  So you can just stop hollering and take it because this is just the warm up, D."Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack."Stop kicking!" Marcel admonished smacking her thighs.The harder smacks over her jeans started to hurt. She began to weep in frustration and embarrassment. Davina's upper body was turned on the couch and her legs were on the floor. Marcel was holding her, but she was thrashing around a good deal.He stood her up. And she hopped around tried to grasp the fire in her behind. "Stop it. You've earned this spanking. Now I'm taking down your pants. Your underwear can stay up as long as you can behave. If now, I will be paddling you on your bare behind. Do you understand? D., if you don't answer me, I'm giving you some extra whacks," Marcel promised. He pinned her arms to her side. "Y-Yes, I g-get it," Davina cried.Marcel unbuttoned and unzipped her tight jeans and careful slipped them down to her knees. This time, he tipped her forward so her hands rested on the ground, and placed her behind over both of his knees. He had told the flight attendant not to bother them. The crew was no doubt listening to this spanking with great interest. Davina wailed when she felt Marcel pat her behind. She wished she had worn more substantial underpants, then the skimpy nylon pair she had on. Spank! Spank! Spank!Davina howled and kicked the best that she could with her pants around her knees. The swats to her bare sit spots were sharp and painful. She wiggled as much as she could with Marcel's arm locked around her waist. Marcel gave her twenty more spanks until her behind was a uniform shade of pink. She was crying and still struggling. "Are you going to listen to me the next time I tell you to do something?" Smack!"Yes, Marcel. Please s-stop!" Davina wailed still trying to rock her hips. "Are you going to put others in danger?""No, I swear. I'm s-sorry. Please s-stop," Davina begged. When she finally stopped struggling, he stopped the spanking. Marcel let her settle down. He then stood her up and pull her jeans up over her scorched cheeks as she hiss and sobbed. Her bottom was throbbing but Marcel didn't want the flight crew to see her with her pants down after her spanking. Davina took a minute to try to hop and rub the string out. Marcel couldn't help but laugh at her spank dance. She didn't notice. He then got a cloth to wipe her face and a blanket. "Come here. You did good, D. I'm so sorry I had to do that, but I did it because I love you and care about you," Marcel said cradling her in his arms and covering her with the blanket. "You do?" she asked. "Yes, honey. I don't wanna repeat that, so you best behave. Klaus keeps a wooden paddle in the kitchen drawer for the boys when they step out of line. I will not hesitate to march you upstairs and give you a spanking with it if you need it," Marcel threatened. He didn't mentioned that Klaus also had paddled him several times with that very instrument. "A paddle! No, Marcel, your hand hurts too much. I can't take a real paddling," Davina panicked. "Well, don't misbehave and you don't have to worry about getting spanked. I heard that paddle stings like the dickens, so you need to be on your best behavior," Marcel cautioned. "I'll be good. I'm sorry about tonight. Thank you for getting me out of there," Davina cried. "Hey, that's what families do. Protect each other. You're my family now," Marcel said. "Thanks, 'Dad'" Davina joked. "Ah, D., that has a nice ring to it," Marcel smiled hugging her closer. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Okay, Elena, this is it! If the Strix coven is right, after this, Jeremy's Hunter's Mark should dissolve. Now, the next potential hunter will rise. Hopefully, it's not Matt!" Bonnie joked, only half serious. Bonnie was doing the last preparations for a spell to cure Jeremy of the mark that made him want to hunt and kill vampires.  "Thanks so much for doing this, Bonnie. I can't believe that I missed so much of this. Will you ever forgive me? Honestly, I can't figure out why Stefan and I were so obsessed with being at that Lake House every weekend. It's almost as if we were compelled," Elena mused, not realizing that Elijah actually did compel her to do that. He needed her "mystical blood" and that was the only way he kept the Strix from killing her for it.  "Oh Elena, we're just glad you are back. It felt like you were never around. I actually was starting to want to talk to Damon, that's how bad it got," Bonnie quipped.  "Very funny, Bon-Bon. I love you, too. Now can we hurry this ceremony the hell up. I have to take Ric shoe shopping for the wedding," Damon announced, yawning and reclining on the kitchen counter.  "Off the counter, Damon," Elena scolded, knocking his foot off the counter playfully. "Sorry, mom, but I'm tired," Damon whined, smiling at Elena.  "Bonnie, can you dump that cup of coffee on Damon's head. Let's finish this," Elena said brightly.  Stefan added, "Ignore my brother, he has not been house trained.""Hey, I house trained you, little brother. Watch it," Damon warned throwing a dish towel at his head, which he easily dodged. "Guys, stop it. Let Bonnie concentrate and then it's showtime. I'm going to go check on Jenna," Elena said giving Stefan a peck on the cheek.  "Jeremy, it's time!" Bonnie yelled up the stairs. Jeremy and Matt had been helping Alaric pick out a tie for his wedding. Alaric and Jenna had decided to get married and have a small wedding that evening.  Bonnie successfully completed the spell to remove the mark. Everyone cheered when it disappeared from his forearm.  He and Damon even exchanged a special glance. "Well, I'm glad I didn't kill you," Jeremy grinned.  "I'm glad I didn't kill you, most of the time too, Little Gilbert. Now, I suppose, you're headed back to the Mikaelson Mansion?" Damon replied.  "Yeah, it'd be kinda weird if I was here during Jenna and Ric's honeymoon, so...Yeah," Jeremy explained awkwardly.  "Once you go vampire, you know the rest. As the best man, gotta go," Damon said walking away.  Jeremy rolled his eyes and went to finish packing.  Jenna and Alaric got married at the Mystic Grill that evening. After the wedding, Elena went to stay with Stefan. Matt and Jeremy returned home to the mansion. ------------***Henrik was comfortable being around Mikael. Mikael was trying to teach him modern English and the ways of the world. He would often stare at his father in awe at how old he got "so quickly." For Henrik, last week, he had been in the village surrounded by his family. Henrik also kept asking after his mother, and could not understand how she could be "away." He just could not quite grasp that he had been dead for over 900 years.  Finn was more comfortable being around Mikael than anyone other than Freya. They talked quietly for long periods and then also sat in long silences. Finn seemed relieved to no longer be a vampire and was happiest walking outside in the woods.  Neither boy remembered the Other Side or any afterlife. They were still tired and pale. Freya often went over to the guest house often and brought the boys to visit Mikael. Rebekah and Kol still gave Mikael the hardest time, constantly bringing up his hunting of the family through the last millennia and how he always wanted them dead. Then, they couldn't help but refer to his abuse of Klaus. Mikael did not try to defend himself, as he had few explanations or excuses.  Rebekah walked over with Freya and the two younger boys, at Freya's request late one afternoon. The talk was so normal and routine that Rebekah snapped. "Are we really chatting about the weather here? Forgive me for not being able to forget the past. I truly wish I could, but since I cannot, but I should not let you off the hook so easily, Mikael. Father, did you know that I was the one who stole your blade?" Rebekah challenged. "No, Rebekah. You know I assumed it was Niklaus. I know what I did was... wrong. I would give anything to take that back," Mikael said. "You almost beat him to death for something I did. Elijah grabbed the whip from you and you threatened him next with it. I had to throw myself in front of Nik to save him from your brutality," Rebekah scoffed. "I remember. The shame of that day lives in me now, child," Mikael admitted. "As it should, do you know why I stole your blade?" Rebekah asked sweetly."No, I do not," Mikael replied."I was going to kill you. Then, after that beating of Nik, I thought I would stab you with your own sword. Elijah stopped me.  For a thousand years, he has regretted staying my hand," Rebekah smirked. "I cannot imagine the pain I caused. Your mother bore me seven healthy children, though I thought Freya was taken by plague. Six of you, were left. I was so angry. I thought I could protect you by keeping you strong, then Henrik died. I blamed Niklaus even more," Mikael started. "And then you found he wasn't even your son," Rebekah added. "Yet, he was my son. I never saw him as not my son, even when I hated him. I saw my weaknesses in him. Then, what I hated more, was what I had forced Ester to make all of us: immortal monsters who could not die. Our blood lust, our violence, our strength, was an abomination of nature, I told myself. All the suffering I caused, and for what? Pride? That's all gone now, all I have is regret. I want the time we have left to be good," Mikael said. "What do you mean, the time we have left?" Rebekah asked. "I don't trust the Strix. I feel like they are up to something sinister. I know you will all fight to save each other, always and forever. If it comes down to it, sacrifice me.  This time I have with all of you, even through your anger, has been the happiest time of my life since the day I found out Freya was gone," Mikael said. "You have a deal," Rebekah said."Father, no. We will find a way to defeat them without anymore of our blood being shed. Please, do not give us so easily. There has to be a way," Freya begged. "I'm sorry, Freya. I know you don't see him like we do. I hope you never have to. I will not sacrifice a hair on my head for him," Rebekah said walking out alone.  Rebekah hated to leave the rotating shoe closet in her quarters that Klaus had made for her, but their new quarters on the 3rd floor were bigger. They also gave them more privacy. As the only teenage girl in the house, it was nice for Davina to have a room away from the other boys. Elijah hired contractors to turn the empty space into bedrooms, a small kitchen area, a studio area, and storage. They also moved the game room upstairs so Finn and Henrik could move into the bedroom next door. Rebekah busied herself with decorating the areas, with input from Davina. Davina was grateful to be out of the attic of St. Anne's church.  Marcel was still in contact with Father Kieran to see what the status of the witches' hunt for Davina was. Their reach could be wide. They also had to be careful that the Strix didn't realize that they didn't actually have the real Harvest girl. "Hi love, you are you doing?" Rebekah said finding Davina sketching in her room later that night. She needed to put the stress with Mikael behind her. She would not let that man ruin another second of her life. "Good. I just don't want to go back, Bex. I like it here with you and Marcel. Everyone here is nice, though Klaus can be kind of scary and Elijah is a tad stuffy. Kol is kinda cute, though. But can we stay long, please?" Davina asked."I hope so, Davina. Marcel has a call in to Father Kieran to see what is going on. If the situation with the Crescents gets bad again, Marcel will have to head back. Then again, if the witches are on to you, you can't go back. Maybe just us girls could stay here, though, no matter what? School starts next week.  How do you feel about starting back here with the boys?" Rebekah suggested. "Really! Are you serious? That would be awesome. I haven't been to school since before the Harvest. I mean, I would love that. Do you really mean it?" Davina screeched."Shh! I just wanted to run it pass you before talking to Marcel. Yay, we could go school shopping! Promise me you won't say anything.." Rebekah laughed as Davina came over and hopped in front of her in excitement. "I won't. I swear," Davina agreed."And don't let Nik scare you. He can get cranky when things don't go his way and people don't bow down to him, but he means well. And Elijah doesn't like it when things get messy and too expensive, but that is what makes like fun. Some rules are meant to be broken!" Rebekah added.  "Don't let Elijah hear you say that?" Kol called from the open doorway."Kol, what are you doing up here?" Rebekah said."Oh, we're moving all the game room stuff here to make room for Henrik and Finn. It would be kind of odd if they had to sleep in Freya's lab and the dungeon now that they are awake, no? You two seem to be having a good time," Kol smiled noticing again how pretty Davina was when she was happy. "Oh, can see this game room?" Davina asked coyly. As Kol was about to say yes, Rebekah interrupted, "Tomorrow, luv. It's late. Go to sleep. We're talk more later.""But I'm not tired," Davina protested. "I said tomorrow. Night, night," Rebekah said vamping over and kissing her goodnight and turning out the light quickly.Kol said goodnight and left with his sister. "Hmm, you're kind of the strict mum," Kol joked."Kol, you know Marcel is pretty protective of Davina. I'm not sure it's a good idea for you to..." Rebekah started."What, sister. I've done nothing, but be polite. You don't have to worry about me," Kol promised. "Best keep it that way. Marcel might have to lock her back up in a tower if too many boys are...Oh, bloody hell," Rebekah said, noticing Davina's door crack open. Kol muttered something about the game room and vamped off. "Davina, what do you need?" Rebekah asked. "Oh, ah, I was going to ask you if..." Davina started."Dear, you are exhausted, if you close your eyes, you'll fall asleep soon," Rebekah assured her."I was just wondering if Marcel was going to say goodnight," Davina admitted. "Of course, he'll be up whenever he is done. I'll see to it. Now, get ready for bed and he'll be in soon when he's done with his meeting," Rebekah said softly.  -------***Tyler thought his anger would dissolve when the Strix spell was complete. It didn't. The Strix had caused him to quit football, fight with Caroline, and have his whole family split up for over a month. It wasn't fair.  "What are you up to, mate?" Kol said hefting one of the pin ball machines ready to move it upstairs. "Dude, it's like 11 pm. Why are you doing that now?" Tyler asked. He had come out of his room to see what the noise was."Well, 'dude', I'm a vampire so you know, night and all that," Kol replied. "I gotta get back to my room, Uncle Elijah caught me lifting in the weight room alone. I swear I was just doing like two sets. Freaking vampire hearing!" Tyler cursed."Hope it was worth it, mate. Why didn't you just come and get me? I would have spotted you. Is Elijah sending Nik up? I don't know...They are in some kind of a meeting last I checked, it was getting tense in there, so I bailed," Kol said starting to heft the machine up again. "I don't think so. He just told me to go to bed and stay in...," Tyler started."...your room, I believe I told you to stay in your room," Elijah called from down the hallway. Kol muttered, "On that note, I'll take my leave." With his Original vampire strength he carried the pinball machine easily himself up to the 3rd floor. He didn't want to see this. "I spoke to your father. He's wrapped up with Marcel and this business with the Crescent wolves. He's asked me to show you the errors of your ways, Elijah said gently guiding Tyler back into his bedroom by the back of the neck. "Come on, Uncle Elijah! I really didn't do anything. I wasn't going to go into muscle failure. Jeez," Tyler whined."Tyler, you were told to not lift those heavy weights by yourself multiple times. I just happened to be getting something from Freya and heard you down there. You were lifting way too much to be safe. You disobeyed and now you very well know what is going to happen," Elijah remonstrated.Tyler took a deep breath and his face colored more with anger than shame. "Fine, can you just beat me so I can go to bed? I'm tired and I know you are VERY busy with whatever, so I won't hold you up," Tyler snarled. "Come here, Tyler," Elijah snapped. Tyler trudged over wanting to resist, but knowing it was futile. There were very vampires alive who could meet his uncle in strength and speed, if you wanted to put Tyler over his knee, Tyler wasn't going to be able to stop him. Elijah grabbed Tyler and hugged him tightly. "I'm sorry, Tyler. We've been busy with all the Strix nonsense and trying to help Marcel stay here. I know that spell wasn't a magic bullet to make all your problems go away. The werewolf gene in you will still cause you to get angry, but hopefully with some motivation, we can help you control it," Elijah said patting his back. He could feel the tension and rage coursing through the boy's body. Elijah did not want to have to smack him, but he had been warned about lifting heavy weights alone. Maybe Tyler needed to just let out these emotions that plagued him?"I just want to rip something or someone apart, I thought lifting mine help. It didn't," Tyler admitted. "I'm sorry, Tyler. I don't want to spend the little time we have together spanking you. But a promise is a promise," Elijah said dragging him to the couch. He put Tyler over his lap and pinned him quickly with his arm. Elijah thought to make this fast and furious.Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!Tyler's felt those cracks through his shorts and couldn't help but try to move out of the way. Then, he felt his shorts come down to below his backside. His briefs were left in place. Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Elijah's hand came down across both cheeks hard and fast. Tyler moaned and tried to wiggle off Elijah's lap with no success.Elijah swatted him hard all over his cloth covered backside another two minutes until he could see the pink peek out from below his underpants. Before it was over, Tyler was kicking and started crying against his will. Elijah was spanking him harder and faster than ever before.  He stopped and rubbed Tyler's throbbing backside a minute and tapped it lightly before asking, "Are you ever going to lift those heavy weights again without a spotter?" Tyler sobbed, "No, s-sir.""Do you think you can just break the rules and get away with it?" Elijah pressed. "No, Uncle, 'Lijah, I-I'm s-ss-sorry," Tyler wailed trying to throw his hands back to rub. Elijah was holding him so that wasn't possible. He wanted this sting to make an impression on the mortal boy. He couldn't imagine what they would do if he had an accident.Still staring at the carpet, Tyler heard Elijah say "come in." "Is he learning a good lesson, Elijah?" Klaus inquired. "I hope so, brother. He did a dangerous and naughty thing," Elijah said still patting Tyler's behind. "Yes, Dad. I l-learned. I'm sorry I d-disobeyed y-you," Tyler cried. Klaus sat on the couch next to his brother, who stood up Tyler. Tyler's hand's went right to his bottom. "None of that now, go to your father," Elijah warned steering him to Klaus, after yanking off his shorts completely.  Elijah patted Tyler's head and said, "You did well, we'll spend sometime together this week with you not over my knee. Be good."Tyler nodded and looked at his father. "Are you mad at me?" Tyler asked softly. "Hey, no, I'm not angry with you. Disappointed that your actions put yourself in danger, but not disappointed in you. Never, I love you," Klaus said firmly. "Sorry," Tyler cried. "You know what I had threatened you with if you did this again," Klaus said holding up the small paddle he had brought in with him. Tyler whined and started to cover up his behind again. "None of that," Klaus said, still holding him standing up. He turned him to the side and peeled down his briefs to just below his bottom to see the condition of his backside. It was pink from the vigorous hand spanking, he could take a few swats and be just fine. Pop! Klaus swatted the center of the right cheek. Pop! Left cheek. Tyler again tried to protect his behind. Klaus clasped both of Tyler's hand's behind his back and bent him over his left knee. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!Klaus brought the light paddle down firmly in a random matter to cover the entire area. Tyler howled, but with his hands pinned behind, he couldn't move much. Klaus was flicking his wrist slightly, but the paddle made a popping sound. It burned and stung, but wasn't causing a deep ache. Klaus deciding to give him another round of swats and then stop. Tyler was crying hard and begging for the paddling to cease, but Klaus forced himself to continue. Klaus finally put the paddle down and carefully pulled up Tyler's briefs when Tyler's bottom was completely red. Tyler yelped and squirmed as the cloth scraped against his raw skin. The cotton briefs were snug and his backside throbbed and stung powerfully. "There better not be another time, Tyler. Because if so, I will remove all of those machines from this house. I need to be able to trust you to behave yourself. I know you think you won't get hurt, but you are mortal. It can happen. I love you too much to risk that," Klaus said. He sat Tyler down right on his lap. Tyler bounced up and down as his sore bottom hit Klaus's hard thigh. "Owww, it hurts so bad," Tyler cried. "Oh, what a fuss. You've had much harder spankings. I barely paddled you hard at all. Now, settle down or you will get a real spanking and an essay on muscle failure and weight room safety assigned," Klaus warned. "No, n-noo, I'll behave. My butt really stings," Tyler moaned. "Okay, there, there. All done," Klaus said smiling and patting his back softly. He had missed Tyler so much and worried about him. He hated to have to spank him, when he'd rather be taking him to do something fun or just hanging out. But Marcel had needed him here, and there were other responsibilities. "Dad, sorry about all this," Tyler said sleepily. "Shh, it's over. Go to sleep. I've got ya," Klaus whispered still patting his back softly. Tyler sniffled and fell asleep while Klaus was holding him. Klaus laid him carefully on his stomach in bed in just his underwear and t-shirt. For once, Tyler didn't dream of being a wolf or hunting. He didn't remember dreaming anything at all. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Klaus couldn't think of another way for Marcel to deal with the Crescent wolves except going down there in person. He didn't want him to go and he certainly didn't want him to go alone.  Elijah volunteered to go. Davina had begged to start school in Mystic Falls and Rebekah wanted to stay with her to make that happen. Of course, Marcel said he didn't want need a babysitter, but Klaus knew that the strained relationship between Elijah and Marcel was his fault. He thought some time away together would be good for them. Marcel was going to need the help of some witches to subdue the wolves and Elijah could provide some security for that, should things go sideways. As they always tended to do with the factions of supernaturals at each other's throats.  Klaus had been rebuffing Freya's attempts to get him to visit Mikael with her. Mikael did often come to the house for dinner and sometimes lunch. The oddest thing was that they all hit it off. Klaus often caught himself forgetting the past at times and that scared him a little. He didn't want to let his guard down. Klaus was downstairs in the kitchen talking to the head of their gardening crew about something when Henrik walked in. Freya had put the boys in regular clothes, but their hair was growing in wild and they both slightly resembled the Viking children they had once been."Henrik, we will have to get you a haircut soon," Klaus said slowly, indicating his hair. "Why?" Henrik said confused. Klaus knew he was very bright as he was picking up English very fast and some other modern habits that Klaus wasn't so crazy about, like watching tv. "Because that is what boys do in this time. Give me a minute and we can go visit Father together," Klaus finished his conversation with the gardener. He realized Henrik had started without him. "Henrik, I asked you to wait for me," Klaus said vamping up to him."But I did not want to wait for you," Henrik said confused. "Brother, when someone asks you to do something, it is polite to try to...never mind. How are you feeling today?" Klaus inquired, giving up on the social lesson. "I feel ready to hunt and kill our enemies," Henrik replied automatically. Freya wanted Henrik to try to go to school, but Klaus didn't think he was ready. "Ah, that is good. How do you like your new room?" Klaus asked. "It is very large. Brother, why can we not sleep in our hut together? With only Finn, it is lonely," Henrik said slowly. They had found the boys huddled together on the floor in a makeshift bed every night. They couldn't seem to get comfortable in the beds. "In the modern times, that is not how families sleep here. Henrik, two more of my sons are coming home today. They can help teach you the ways of how we live now," Klaus encouraged.Henrik did not reply as they approached Mikael. He was sitting on the back porch reaching for a manilla file folder. "Henrik, Niklaus, what a surprise," Mikael said seeming happy to see them. He reached out to pat Henrik on the shoulder. Henrik went inside to see a new bow Mikael made him. "He seems comfortable here. He's excited about the bow," Klaus said lightly. "I know. I suppose this is all I really had in common with him was teaching him how to hunt," Mikael said. They both thought of how impatient and cruel Mikael had always been with Niklaus when he was learning to hunt. In truth, he had barely been any better with his other sons."How's it going out here?" Klaus asked sitting down. "Good. Really good. I wish I could stay longer. I'm glad you are here. The Strix sent me this file. They are recalling me to Cern for a few months. I knew this was the plan, but I'm not sure how I will tell Freya and the boys," Mikael said sadly. "Tristan, hmm? It may be good if you are there to keep a pulse on what they are up to. You know, you are welcome to come back here anytime. We'll keep this house available for you or..." Klaus started. "Niklaus, you don't have to do this," Mikael said. "No, it's okay. You put aside me killing your wife, my mother, I can start to try to put some of the past aside. You could move into the big house. I mean that," Klaus said, surprising himself. "Niklaus, these weeks have meant more to me than any of you will ever know. I know the Strix are driven by their lust for power and desire for our Original strength, but I will always be grateful to them for bringing up back together. Maybe you all can visit me in Europe next time?" Mikael offered. "I know that Rebekah and Freya would jump at that offer. When are you leaving?" Klaus said. "Today. The car is on the way to pick me up. I'm going to tell Freya and the others. It will be hard to leave all of you, but they said they may only need me for a few months. I'll find out what they are up to, or I'll destroy them trying. I know that they cannot kill any of us without destroying our sire lines. For now, they need us. I'll find out what I can. You have my word on that," Mikael said. "Thank you, Father," Klaus smiled. "I'll see you off before you go. I have to admit that if anyone told me that we would be here talking a year ago, I would have never believed them. Tonight then.""Sounds good. I'll walk Henrik back. I'm not sure what to tell him," Mikael said with pain in his eyes."Just tell him the truth. I think that this family has had enough of lies and deceit," Klaus said walking away. --------------****By the end of the night, Elijah and Marcel were in New Orleans, Mikael was back with the Strix, and Matt and Jeremy were home.  "Matt, Jeremy, this here is our youngest brother, Henrik. He is just learning English, so please don't teach him any swearwords," Klaus smiled, looking at Tyler. Henrik hung back hanging on Freya. "It wasn't me, I swear! He heard it on tv." Tyler said holding his hands up laughing.  "I know. I'm just kidding, son. And you may remember Finn, though he is now human now," Klaus continued. They said hi. Finn seemed shy, not like the frightening man they went hunting with months before. He didn't seem to remember that at all.  "And over here is Miss Davina Clair, from New Orleans. She will be starting Mystic Fall High School with you next week. Be nice to her or she will turn you into a frog," Klaus said putting his arm around Rebekah. She already missed Marcel, but was willing to part with him to see Davina start to have a more normal life.  "Thank you. If I turn anyone into a frog, it will be you, Klaus! Just kidding. Hi guys," Davina smiled shyly.  "Jeremy, Davina here is always something of an artist. Just wait until you see the new studio we put in on the 3rd floor. Oh, and the game room is now up there. You will love it," Klaus gushed.  "Who moved the game room, Nik? Aye, that would be Kol Mikaelson singlehandedly. It only took me all night," Kol reminded everyone. "Hey, Uncle Kol, ping pong later? Maybe some darts?" Matt asked.  "You're on. Loser does dishes for a week. Guess what lads? We still have no maid so get ready to work your fingers to the bone. Elijah left us a long list of stuff to do. A long list," Kol groaned. "Can I join? I used to be pretty good at ping pong? I never played darts before, though," Davina added.  "Sure, if Mother Dearest here allows you. I know she likes you to go to bed at 9 pm," Kol scoffed as Rebekah tried to kick him.  "She was feeling peaked. Not everyone needs to stay up all bl-, night, you know," Rebekah was trying to clean up her language, but it was a struggle. "I feel fine, really," Davina sighed.  "Okay, carry on, then," Rebekah offered.   Klaus asked Jeremy and Matt how the wedding was.  Matt was suspicious that Jenna was pregnant because he heard her throwing up, but Jeremy claimed she was just hung over.  "Okay, guys, if you are heading up to the game room. Go now, bed is 11 pm. Next week, it is 10 pm, with school. Remember, we talked about that?" Klaus cautioned. Kol quipped, "Yes, Dad." "Kol, I swear, anymore lip and you are going to be doing all the laundry this week and then fold everything!" Klaus said grabbing him around the shoulders. "No, Nik. I'm sorry. Anything, but that," Kol joked playfully as he headed upstairs. Freya came up from the basement calling Henrik. "Rebekah, Klaus, did you see him?" she asked looking around. "He was just here a second ago," Rebekah said. Klaus used his hybrid senses and tracked him outside."What the bloody hell? I didn't even see him go outside," Klaus admitted. Freya ran out with Klaus as Rebekah double checked upstairs. Henrik seemed to have disappeared. -----------****Henrik felt like he was in a nightmare. He had followed Niklaus out of the cave the night they hid from the wolves. He wanted to see them, too. He couldn't sleep in the cave. It was chilly and the howls were loud. One had waken him up. "Nik!" he had called, but his brother hadn't heard him.He ran to catch up to him. Henrik had a sharpened stick in case they needed to defend themselves. "Nik, wait for me," Henrik yelled. He saw his brother leave the cave and go out into the woods. He heard a howl and then they were on him. He was screaming.-----------****Klaus vamped past the guest house and through the woods. He could pick up Henrik's scent, but it was faint. The wind was blowing and that made it harder to track. Focus! He told himself. He used his supernatural vision to see if he could see any footprints, any disturbances, nothing. Listen. There! He heard Henrik call him. "I'm coming, brother!" Klaus vamped to the sound. "Henrik, no!" Klaus barely got to Henrik in time. He found the boy in the middle of the road and just barely saved him from getting run over by a truck. "Henrik!" Klaus screamed. Henrik seemed like he was in a fog. "Come on, it's okay. Let's get you home. It's cold out here," Klaus said trying to pick him up.Henrik began to scream and in the Old Tongue yell, "They are eating me. Save me, Nik. Mother! Mother! Please, no. I am dying. Help!" Klaus held him and said, "No, Henrik. That's over. You are okay now." Henrik found and screamed. "Get it out. I'm so sorry, brother. It was my fault. You followed me. I tried to take you to Mother to save, but you were already gone. Forgive me," Klaus cried.  Rebekah vamped over and watched them."Nik, is he okay?" she whispered. Klaus wiped at his own face, "I think he's re-living it." Rebekah now grabbed him, "Henrik, it's Bex. You are okay. Stop, you are going to hurt yourself. Snap out of it." Henrik didn't seem to be hearing her. She popped him on the backside hard-twice. Henrik seemed to come to. "Bex, where am I? It's cold," he said as she picked him up and they vamped home. Freya was waiting in the back for them. Kol was there with her. "See, he's fine," he said softly. Rebekah took Henrik in and put him on the couch. "He had some sort of episode. I found him on the road. He almost got hit by a truck," Klaus shared."What?" Freya exclaimed. "He's okay now. I feel like he was reliving the night he died," Klaus shared. "I had to smack him to get him to snap out of it. Kol, can you get him some water please," Rebekah said. Kol went to get the water."You hit him?" Freya asked alarmed. "Sister, he was hysterical and trapped in the memory of his death. Rebekah got him out of it," Klaus shared. "I'm sorry, Rebekah. I'm not saying you did anything wrong. It just brings back that night that we almost lost him," Freya admitted. Kol brought the water and they helped Henrik sit up. "Here, mate, drink this," Kol said offering the glass. Henrik knocked the water out of his hand and said, "Coke!"Freya was shocked, "Henrik, you can't have coke now. It's late." Henrik started throwing a fit. He tore the pillows from the couch and flipped over the coffee table. The Originals and Freya looked at each other for a moment in shock. It was Kol who caught him gently when he tried to go for the lamp and table. "Hey, Hen. It's okay. You're here with us now. We're going to stay with you," Finn said holding him as he struggled on the couch. Klaus sat beside Finn. Rebekah went to check in on the other kids. She thought it good that Kol was handling the situation. She might have been tempted to give Henrik another whack. It's what she felt like their mother would have done, but of course, she was no longer around.Freya thought she could brew some type of calming tea, like the kind she used to use on Tyler. Henrik was yelling, "I want to go home. Mother! Father! I don't like it here.""He might just have to wear himself out," Klaus said to Kol. "Well, I can attest that he's strong," Kol smiled, dodging a punch to the face. "Want me to take him?," Klaus asked."Nah, I got him. I guess this is my punishment for all the spells I used to practice on him," Kol proffered. "Or all the spell that went bad that you tried to blame on him when he was two," Klaus smirked. "No one ever fell for that," Kol admitted."But you kept trying anyway," Klaus continued. "I did, indeed. I think he's finally tiring out," Kol commented. Freya came back with the tea."Okay, mate. Drink this tea or we'll get Bex back down here to give you another hiding," Kol said holding Henrik's arm's down as Freya offered him the straw. She had put ice in it to cool it. "There you go, good boy," Freya said as Henrik slipped the tea."Let's get him upstairs, maybe he will actually sleep in his bed tonight," Klaus said. ----------***"What the hell is going on down there?" Tyler asked looking over the bannister as they were coming out of the game room."Tyler, watch it. Henrik is having a little episode. He's okay, but we found him over by the road. If you guys hear anything odd tonight, get one of us please," Rebekah asked. "Yeah, of course," Matt replied. "Let us know if we can help." "It's good to have you guys back," Rebekah said hugging Matt and kissing Jermey on the cheek. "It's good to be back. I mean, if nothing odd didn't happen, we wouldn't be home," Matt remarked. "That is true," Jeremy laughed. --------****Klaus put an exhausted Henrik in the bed. They pushed Finn's single bed up to it to make a double bed and pushed that to the wall, hoping they wouldn't end up on the floor. "Is he okay," Finn asked seeing Klaus put Henrik to bed. "He had a rough night, mate," Kol said to Finn. "Are you going to be okay sleeping here like this?" Klaus asked Finn. He nodded. "Want me to stay, Finn?" Kol asked."Yes, please," Finn said slowly. "No worries," Kol said. He was thinking it was odd because Finn was his older brother, but was now younger, but could someday be older than Kol...since he was human. Klaus patted Kol's arm and said, "Thank you, brother." Klaus kissed Henrik goodnight and ruffled Finn's hair. Kol knew he was anxious to check on his sons before they went to bed, or pretended to. ---------***Rebekah dragged Freya up to the 3rd floor. She, Davina, and Freya had a sleepover in suite. The bed was huge and they watched movies and stayed up late. Rebekah knew that Freya was missing Mikael. Freya knew that Rebekah missed Marcel. They fell asleep with the tv on and popcorn all over the bed. --------***"So Mr. Saltzman is now your Uncle, Jer?" Tyler said trying to think it all through. "Yeah, it's weird. He's a cool guy, but strict as hell," Jeremy shared. "Oh, you don't have to tell me," Tyler replied thinking of the time he got into the fight and took off from history class. "He let my ass off the hook," Matt confessed. "Yeah, you dick. I got pounded, but Matt sweet talked himself out of trouble. 'I am going to be a police officer, sir'," Jeremy mimicked. "Dude, you tried to kill Damon with Alaric's crossbow. You deserved that beat down you got," Matt laughed. "Hello, I blame the Hunter's Mark. Well, mostly. Anyway, what did we miss here, Ty? Spill. I know you got your ass torn up at least once," Jeremy pressed. "Well, so yesterday I was lifting downstairs and got totally busted by Uncle Elijah. Totally," Tyler flushed as his backside was still a tad tender. "Who'd you get it from? Dad? Elijah?" Matt grilled him. "Both. Not freaking kidding, they both whupped me one after the one. Not to change the subject, but what do you think of Davina," Tyler laughed."Hot," Jeremy answered."Smokin', but totally out of our league," Matt added. "Why? I don't know. Car still isn't talking to me. I wouldn't mind hitting that," Tyler confessed. "Dude, you are going to get killed. Didn't you see her and Kol checking each other out?" Jeremy laughed. Tyler was shocked, "No, he's literally 900 years older than her."Matt shook his head, "Nope. He's like 17 or 18 in vampire years. I heard them talking that some of them never really mature, so I don't know, man. I say, forget it." Tyler disagreed, "I don't think it works that way, man. But whatever. School starts next week. There will be plenty of fish in that sea."There was a light tap and the door opened.  "Boys, still up, I see," Klaus said."Getting ready for bed, Dad," Tyler added. "I know tonight was a bit hectic, but I want you in the beds by 11 pm tomorrow. Do you understand? You are never going to be able to get up for school next week. And this room... Anyway, I'm not here to lecture you. I'm happy you are all home. Finally," Klaus said kissing them all goodnight. "Is Henrik okay?" Matt asked. "Honestly, Matt. I don't know. For him, it's like the last 900 years never happened. As you can tell, Finn is quite different, too. I would appreciate you all helping them adjust. Tyler's quite had his hands full, truth be told," Klaus shared. "It's been different," Tyler agreed. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Vanessa Monroe pulled into the parking lot with fifteen minutes to spare. She was not a morning person. At the Duke University, the first class she taught hadn't been until 10 am. However, now that she was a high school teacher, she had to be there much earlier. Her real purpose in being at Mystic Fall High School was to hunt vampires.   "Hey Alaric, you beat me here!" she called to the only other teacher she knew on staff.  "Hi Vanessa, by barely a minute. My wife made me this huge breakfast and made me stay there until I ate all of it. I might explode," Alaric said holding his stomach.  "Congrats, by the way. That's so great that you had such a small wedding.  So much better that way. Hey, any action around here lately," Vanessa whispered.  "Oh, you mean hunting wise? Nope, there was a possible werewolf attack a few weeks back, but it wasn't on the full moon. Cops think it could just be your regular garden variety murderer. The town quit pumping vervain in the water supply due to the expense. No other animals attacks, and things have been pretty quiet," Alaric lied. Vanessa had no idea that his best friend Damon was a vamp and that his nephew lives with a whole house full of supernaturals. Vanessa also didn't remember that she had been compelled to forget the hunter attack on the Mikaelson mansion. In her mind, none of it ever happened. Alaric's main aim was just to throw her off track to keep the supernaturals in his life safer. His first wife, Isobel, had been Vanessa's mentor. Vanessa still believed that vampires killed her and she was out for revenge. If she only knew the truth! "Bells gonna ring. We'll have you over for dinner soon. Let me know if you need anything," Alaric called as he trotted to his history classroom.  Klaus had called Alaric to let him know that Kol was not going to be able to attend as a student. He asked Alaric to help keep an eye on Tyler, Jeremy, and Matt during the day in case the Strix or other hunters attacked. Freya and Rebekah had their hands full with Henrik and Finn. It was pretty clear now that those two were not ready for school, so Kol would stay with them. Klaus filled Alaric in on Davina Claire. He was a little concerned that the former Harvest witch may cause problems and draw attention to them. Alaric promised that he would keep an eye on her in particular. They thought they had Vanessa under control. The Originals could have compelled her to leave, but they didn't want to tip off the town council that they were on to them. Plus, it was likely she was back on vervain.  "So, see any new transfers that look good?" Matt said to Tyler in their first period class, looking for any new girls."No, I'm going to see if I can catch Caroline at some point to see if she will talk to me in person, since she still won't take my calls," Tyler said breaking his pencil in half. "Glad you're dropping the Davina thing. I'm telling you, man, things at home are going to be heating up if Marcel doesn't come back soon. Kol and Davina just seem to be really into each other," Matt revealed. "Yeah, I feel like Rebekah is oblivious or just too caught up trying to help Henrik and Finn," Tyler agreed. "Henrik is just a little brat at times. I know crap must be really weird for him, but the more they baby him, the worse he gets. Uncle Elijah needs to straighten that kid out. I mean, I think Dad feels guilty that he caused him to die, but that is not excuse to let the kid freak out all the time," Matt stated in a whisper as the teacher started the class. "I know," Tyler agreed absentmindedly, his mind was still on Caroline.They got out their notebooks and started taking notes. ----------***"Elena, Bonnie, Caroline, this is Davina. She's here from New Orleans. Bonnie, you and she might have a lot in common, if you get my drift," Jeremy explained at lunch. "Hi Davina, it must be so boring here compared to New Orleans, huh?" Elena started. "Oh no, I really like it. People in New Orleans can be total 'witches.' Mystic Falls is much better. So Elena, you're Jeremy's brother?" Davina asked trying to figure out the living arrangement. "Yeah, it's a long story. I sort of live with my boyfriend and his brother. You'll met Stefan later. He comes and goes as he pleases," Elena rolled her eyes.  Bonnie pulled her aside to talk witch business. "Has Freya talked to you about our little coven?" Bonnie inquired. Bonnie filled her in on the Bennett witches and asked Davina to join them. This way Davina would be anchored and could do bigger spells again. "Honestly, Bonnie. Freya has her hands full with Finn and Henrik. They are both a little weird and out of it. I've been trying to think of a spell that might help. Any ideas?" Davina asked."Let me go through my Gram's old grimoire," Bonnie promised.  ----------*"Car, can I talk to you? Please, I know you're mad. I get it. Just give me a second to explain and if you never want to talk to me again-fine," Tyler pleaded as Caroline walked ahead of him. She turned on her heel and stopped. Tyler almost ran into her. She smelled his cologne and looked into his eyes. His sometimes abrasive personality sometimes hid the fact that he was really quite handsome, she thought. "What?" Caroline snapped.  "That night, the property. I was all messed up. It turns out these Strix witches were messing with me to get to my family. I mean, that wasn't all of it. I freaked out and I should never have left you like that. I'm sorry. Believe me, I am," Tyler blurted out quickly, not knowing when she would walk off again.  "So it wasn't all you?" Caroline asked, shaking her blond head to the side.  "No, I was under some kind of spell to trigger my curse. If I didn't run away..." Tyler stopped, realizing this was hard to explain.  "You could have killed me. That's why you grabbed hold of that necklace?" Caroline added. "Yes, and thank you for getting me home. I mean, they weren't real happy with me and I'm sure the sheriff was pissed, too," Tyler admitted.  "You could say that. She has barely let me out of the house since," Caroline shared. "Yeah, I am sorry. Can you forgive me? Most of the stuff that was going on is over. I still get a little testy around the full moon, but I don't worry about offing anyone and triggering my werewolf curse," Tyler confessed.  "Oh Ty, I didn't know you were going through all this. Why didn't you tell me?" Caroline scolded hugging him around the neck so he couldn't breathe. "I tried," he gasped. In typical Caroline fashion, she continued to scold him for not filling her in although she had been ignoring him for weeks. All least she was talking to him now, he mused to himself. -----------****Freya was researching spells to lessen Henrik's painful memory of his death. She knew she couldn't totally wipe his memory or he wouldn't know the rest of the family. But if she did nothing, he would keep suffering these episodes. He hadn't fled again, but he was getting more and more difficult to deal with. Finn was the only one he would talk to. They often spoke in low tones in the Old Tongue so no one overheard them. The Originals could not compel either boy because they still were witches from Ester's side. "Finn, are you happy to be back a human? I could start to try to teach you some spells if you like," Freya asked. She was in her lab. Henrik was sleeping on her couch and she was trying some different herbs on Finn. With him, she was trying to help him remember some of the past, which was blurry and unclear to him. "Oh yes, sister. I am most grateful to not thirst for blood, to not hear heart beats and feel everything so intensely. Yet, I am starting to remember more. The century after I fled with our siblings. I wasn't happy. I only stayed because of the vow which I grew to hate," Finn explained shamefully.  "Always and forever is a long time, brother," Kol said walking in on the conversation.  "Yes, I recall how you wanted to leave Niklaus and go off on your own. Elijah and Rebekah would never let you. If it were me, I am not sure how hard they would have fought to keep me," Finn admitted sadly. "Finn, you did try to leave too. That's why Nik daggered you in the first place, to keep you. He never meant to keep it in so long, but we always seemed to be fleeing. That was in part my fault. I was so angry at losing my magic. It was like when I was cut off from nature, I revolted against it. I wanted to destroy any creature who could die, because I could not. There were times when I wanted it to end," Kol fumed. "Kol, we were never that close, you were so much younger than me. You were always fun and full of mischief while I was dull and dreary. I never understood you. But the truth is, is that I was jealous. You made people laugh, the only person who liked me was Mother," Finn said with a bitter laugh. "I loved you, Finn," Freya cut in. "When you were a child. What I am trying to say is that it is coming back to me, my old life. I made mistakes. I have been given another chance to live and I hope that you will all give me a second chance, though I am not sure I deserve it," Finn remarked. "Finn, if this family can forgive my excesses and faults, Klaus' paranoia and daggerings, and Mikael's past, then we can forgive your mere judgment and condemnation. I swear to you, we will try, brother," Kol said kneeling down and taking his hand. "Sister, this body is full of emotions that I have perhaps never had. The energy, the lack of focus and coordination, is there anyway, you could speed my aging?" Finn asked.  "I do not know, Finn. You may be forced to have to stay at this age. I am loathe to do something that may have deadly consequences, until we know more," Freya shared.  Henrik woke up on the couch and stared at them.  "Hey, mate," Kol said going over to him. "Kol, where is the village? Are the wolves still near?" Henrik asked softly.   "Henrik, this is the village now. What we had before has been long gone.  When you are feeling better, we shall take you there to show you. The wolves now walk free, but will never hurt you again. I promise. Come, let us get something to eat," Kol said carefully. "I want to see the village now," Kol said more forcefully. "Finn, can you take him upstairs? I need to talk to Freya. Thanks, mate," Kol said watching them go. Freya watched with worried eyes,"I am not sure he can handle seeing this new world yet. Oh Kol, it's like he's lost his parents, his village, his house, and just has us. He called me 'mother' again last night. Mikael said I look like she did when she was younger." "He's bloody lucky you're not Mother or she would thrash him soundly with her giant cooking spoon for this new attitude he's developing. I feel for him, too. But maybe we need to stand up to his tantrums a little more. But then he looks at you with those sad eyes and...God, we need Elijah back," Kol lamented.  "Giant cooking spoon, eh? I guess I didn't just miss out on sunshine and roses growing up with Dahlia. She forced me to do all the cooking," Freya laughed seeing Kol wince.  "It smarted like hell. All of us got whacked with it, except Finn, because Finn used to tell on us constantly. That, I'm not sure I can forgive him for, the other stuff, fine. It sure is odd seeing him younger. I mean, he's still our older brother, but he's your younger brother so if he does something...," Kol smirked.  "Kol Mikaelson, stop your evil thoughts. He has been through enough.  I mean he's a little boy again, but...," Freya laughed trying to hit him on the arm.  "But what? Isn't that the way it works in this family? The older is in charge of the younger? Beating the devil out of them when necessary? Just saying it would be some poetic justice for all the times when my arse got thrown under the proverbial cart," Kol argued, dodging her punches. "So you're saying Elijah can deal with Klaus, and you can deal with Rebekah?" Freya pressed.  "Okay, maybe not. Because our hybrid brother may be stronger than Elijah, and Rebekah is barely a year younger than me. Truth be told, she has always been more mature and she would bloody claw me eyes out if I tried to even tell her off. All I'm saying is, if Finn gets out of line, you're technically the only one who can deal with him!" Kol laughed as she tried to smack him again.  "That means you are also on my list, mister, so watch it," Freya huffed now out of breath.  "I've been as good as gold, but fine. I better go help those lads. They keep puttin' metal in the microwave," Kol said vamping out.  Freya put down her herbs. She was afraid to try to age Finn up, but he would be doomed to repeat his teenage years in this modern world. He would need much direction and support, but she couldn't be the only one to shoulder that. Freya had just been loosed on the current world herself. She was learning how to navigate it everyday. Sometimes may have to change in family dynamics.---------***After school, Rebekah waited for Davina and the boys. "So, how was it?" Rebekah asked, pushing some snacks in front of them. "Wash your hands!" Klaus yelled coming in."Fine," was all anyone said until Tyler admitted that Caroline and he had made up. "So that new teacher, the hunter, Miss Monroe, is pretty nice. She was a college professor from Duke," Jeremy shared. "Yeah, not typical MFHS staff. Jer, you liked her. She already yelled at me for talking and I literally didn't say a word. I can't stand her. Also, Alaric seems like he is going to pile on the work this semester," Matt whined."That's good to hear," Klaus smiled. "Now, I expect you all to stay on top of your studies. Elijah is not here to check your work, but I shall help. Matt, any math tonight?" "Yup, first day. My life is pretty much over. Already have two pages," Matt groaned. "Well, you can take a break and then get to it. I don't want to hear that television blaring until it is done alright?" Klaus warned. "Yes, sir," Matt said overwhelmed. "Dude, stop being a baby. I'll help you," Tyler said."Davina, how was your day, luv?" Rebekah prompted again. "It was nice. Jeremy, your sister and her friends are really cool. They invited us to the Mystic...," Davina drifted, forgetting the name."Grill. Everyone is going. If that is okay?" Jeremy said looking at Klaus. "Of course. However, Kol would you join them? I don't like the idea of them going alone," Klaus added."Yes, brother. I don't mind," Kol said winking at Davina. Klaus caught the glance. Davina sure favored short, tight clothing. Klaus thought to have a word with his sister about it, but she might get all feminist on him. Maybe Marcel would have some thoughts about his ward showing off her cleavage? At times, Klaus thought the Harvest witch was a little too sassy for his liking. His dear sister seemed to encourage that attitude. Not his problem, Klaus told himself.  Jeremy and Matt joined Finn and Henrik sitting down in the great room watching tv. "Hey guys, can I change the channel? This is the Home Shopping Network. It's more for old ladies who want to buy junk," Jeremy said grabbing the remote. "You should like it then, Gilbert!" Matt joked, reacting over to hit Jeremy with a throw pillow. Henrik didn't react. Jeremy and Matt started laughing over something that happened earlier and all of a sudden Henrik attacked Jeremy. He pulled his hair and started yelling something. Matt was able to pull him off and Klaus and Rebekah ran in."What in the devil happened?" Klaus hollered running over to where Henrik was. He took him from Matt as the boy was still thrashing around. "Dad, I seriously didn't do anything. I just changed the channel and he freaked out," Jeremy said holding his head where he had a small scratch."Are you okay?" Klaus asked Jeremy as Rebekah took him in the kitchen to get a band-aid. "Jesus, that freaked me out," Matt said. Finn seemed shocked. "I do not know what happened either. The boy was not at fault," Finn said looking toward Jeremy.  "It's okay," Klaus said. He picked up a still thrashing Henrik and took him upstairs. He put him on his feet and tried to get him to walk. He asked Rebekah to see if she could send up Freya. "Jeremy, I'm sorry. Are you sure you're alright?" Klaus repeated to Jeremy who was sitting at the counter getting his cut cleaned. "Come, Henrik. Enough!" Klaus yelled at the boy continued to hit and kick him. Klaus felt for his brother's plight, but enough was enough. He never remembered him acting like this before. Of course, with Mikael around they hardly dared to breathe wrong. But when Mikael was away, they let their guard down a little. Never like this, though. Their mother had six children with Freya gone and Klaus could never recall any of them behaving like Henrik was. Klaus finally just picked him up and carried him up the steps and to the bedroom he shared with Finn. He put him down carefully on the bed and let him thrash around. "It was mine," Klaus thought he heard him say. "What, Henrik? The remote control? Is that what you are angry about?" Klaus inquired."It was mine," Henrik shrieked. Klaus thought, this boy is out of it. He heard the door open and Freya came in with a tray holding a cup of tea with a straw. "Freya, thank you. I think he is angry that Jeremy took the remote. I'm not sure," Klaus shared."Henrik, settle down now. Here, drink this tea. It will help you," Freya said helping Henrik to sit up. He almost knocked the tea out of Freya's hand. Klaus caught it with his fast reflexes. "Henrik, you drink this now or you're getting a spanking. Do you understand me?" Freya said sharply, her face reddening. Klaus had gotten up to shut the door. As Freya raised the straw again, Henrik turned quickly and bit her hand. Freya shrieked in pain and dropped the tea all over the both of them. The cup rolled across the room."Are you okay, sister?" Klaus gasped seeing the bloody wound. "If you don't spank him soundly right now, I'm going to," Freya gasped, holding up her bloody hand. "You're right," Klaus announced. They couldn't wait for Elijah to come in and be the bad guy. Klaus had to step up and help his youngest brother. He sat down on the other side of Henrik who was now yelling again. Klaus grabbed Henrik by the waist and said, "You do not bite and attack your family."He pulled down Henrik's shorts and underpants and ignored the look of shock and rage on his face.  Klaus then laid the struggling figure over his lap so that his white pale backside was over Klaus' right knee. Smack! Klaus was using only a small fraction of his strength but his hand cracked down against both of Henrik's mounds as the same time. The already howling boy howled louder with a fierce rage.Swat! Swat!"You need to stop," Klaus said firmly, spanking him again harder. Henrik tried to get up, but Klaus used his left arm to restrain him. Henrik screamed and kicked as Klaus peppered his small backside with smacks. Henrik finally stopped screaming and started sobbing when Klaus started targeting the under curve of his backside over and over again. Henrik threw a hand back and Klaus raised his arm and pinned it underneath. Klaus continued the spanking until Henrik's backside looked pink all over. He swatted in a random pattern made sure that he got each area. Klaus paused and looked at Freya. She had wrapped her hand in a clean undershirt and the blood was soaking through."Is there anything you want to say to Freya, Henrik?" Klaus said rubbing his back. The boys breathing was hitched and ragged from crying. Whack! Whack! Whack!"Young man, you are going to have a very long night if you do not start cooperating," Klaus lectured about to continue swatting him when he heard him speak."Sorry, Freya. Did not mean to hurt you," Henrik sobbed out. Freya came over and took his hands. "Thank you, Henrik. You bit me very hard. That was naughty of you. I think you knew better didn't you?" Freya asked quietly.Klaus cracked his behind again when the boy refused to answer his sister. Smack"Yes!" Henrik belted out as his legs kicked out . Each fresh smack seemed to be more painful on his already burning backside. "Why did you attack Jeremy?" Klaus asked."He stole my toy. It was mine," Henrik admitted. Freya and Klaus exchanged a glance. Freya said, "Henrik, the remote is for everyone. You need to share it. And we do not attack someone when we are upset. You talk about it." Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!"Do you understand why you are getting a spanking, Henrik?" Klaus asked now patting Henrik's backside. "I was bad and hurt people," Henrik wailed."Brother, you were not bad, but you did a bad thing. You will tell Jeremy you are sorry. We love you very much and are grateful you have been returned to us. But we cannot let you misbehave like this anymore. If it takes spanking you more often to make that clear, then you are going to be sitting on a very sore bottom," Klaus warned. He decided to smack him for another minute lightly and slowly to wrap up the punishment. Smack. Smack. Smack. Klaus glanced at Freya to see if she thought he had enough. She nodded and was tempted to run and go get Henrik some healing salve, but her hand ached enough to remind her that maybe the lesson needed to sink in more. "Henrik, I'm going to let you up now. If you start acting up or trying to attack us, you are going right back over my knee for another spanking. Do you understand?" Klaus asked patting Henrik's red, throbbing behind. "Yes, Niklaus," Henrik said. Klaus helped him stand. The boy's pants and underwear were at his ankles. He knew this would hurt but he pulled them both up carefully as Henrik clutched at his aching cheeks. He hissed and whined as the material brushed against his spanked bottom. "There, I know that hurts. Come here," Klaus said pulling Henrik into a hug. Henrik was still rubbing and crying a little. Klaus kissed his head and told him to go to Freya. He seemed reluctant. Klaus swatted his thigh softly and the boy went to her. She hugged him the best she could with her injured hand. He took her hand and frowned as if he was surprised he did that. "I love you, Henrik. When you hurt, we hurt. Talk to you and tell us what you need and we will try to get it for you. However, if we say no, you need to respect that," Freya said hugging him again. Klaus took him in the bathroom and washed his face and smoothed his hair down. Henrik was still a fright as his face with blotchy and he was still rubbing his backside to rub out the sting. "Come on, you are going to go apologize to Jeremy," Klaus said leading him by the hand to the boys' room. They were all in there, Tyler was helping Matt with the math. Jeremy was reading in bed. "Excuse us, Henrik would like to say something to Jeremy," Klaus said pushing Henrik forward a little. Henrik didn't say anything just rubbed his backside with his right hand. Jeremy jumped down from his bed and came over and knelt beside Henrik. "Hey buddy, what did you want to say?" Jeremy said kindly."Sorry for hurting you over the toy," Henrik finally sputtered out. Jeremy looked at Klaus in confusion. "I believe he got upset when you took the remote because he thought it was his toy?" Klaus clarified. "Oh no, I'm sorry, dude. I didn't mean to take it from you. Next time, you can be in charge of it. I'm okay," Jeremy smiled, lightly touching the band-aid covering the scratch.Klaus mouthed thank you to Jeremy for his understanding and guiding Henrik back out. Normally, he would have put him in bed for a rest, but the child already slept so much. He thought he should probably be around people as much as possible. Rebekah was giving Freya a small glass of her blood in the kitchen to heal her. Henrik paled to see the bite on Freya's hand."Ah, there he is. Henrik, she's going to be okay. Hey, good news, everyone! Marcel and Elijah should be home no longer than Saturday. They had to have a witch curse the Crescents, but they are done with them for good. Maybe we can cook out?" Rebekah smiled. "Oh thank goodness," Klaus breathed. He never realized how much he depended on Elijah until he was gone. He missed him and he missed Marcel. Finn was relieved to see Henrik was in one piece. Klaus took them both outside to play ball before dinner. Klaus wondered where Kol was, he usually came out to throw around the ball, too. But Klaus guessed he was with Davina again. Marcel was not going to like this. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Matt was so furious. That damn Miss Monroe had given him a detention on the second day of school for talking, or all things. He had been asking Abby Crawford out to the Grill for tomorrow night and boom it was, "Are we interrupting you, Mr. Donovan?" He wanted to say, Hey remember, when you were chained up in our basement, you dumb hunter?  Matt's anger is what sparked him to retort, "Yes, Miss, or Professor Monroe, I was asking Miss Crawford out for tomorrow? Is that a problem for you?"  "No, of course, not. You can discuss it with her after detention with me tonight? Now, where were we?" Monroe said continuing her lesson on Hamlet, another thing Matt had no interest in. No, no, no.  "Hey dumb ass, heard you already got detention from the new English teacher," Tyler said grabbing Matt by the neck in the hallway. "Yeah, I was asking out Abby Crawford and she says yes and boom! I get screamed it. So I try to apologize after class. No mercy. I have to get the form signed, too. I'm dead," Matt finished.  "I don't know. If you just give it to Dad tonight, I don't think he'll freak. Honestly, you might be grounded for tomorrow, but you can go out with Abby next weekend," Tyler maintained. "On the detention slip that I have to get signed, it says 'classroom disruption/disrespect'...You seriously think that is not going to get me a sore ass and a grounding? It's the second day of fucking school!" Matt shouted. "Dude, keep your voice down or you will be getting in more trouble. Okay, so that's not great. I mean the only other option is...," Tyler started."What? Just spit it out. I'm on the edge here," Matt emphasized.  "Forge the slip. Keep your mouth shut, go to the Grill tomorrow with Abby and you were at a club meeting after school today. Take the activity bus home," Tyler imparted with a grin. "Man, something tells me you have done this before," Matt grinned.  "Many times my friend. Never got caught, but don't drag me into it if you get busted. I mean it, Matt. I know nothing about it," Tyler continued.  "No problem, Ty. I'm not a total dumb ass," Matt went on. ___________***Matt called Klaus at lunch and asked if he could go to a criminal justice club meeting after school. Klaus offered to pick him up, but Matt said he could take the activity bus home. Matt's face burned with shame. Klaus was so nice to him and always believed the best in him. He almost called back and told him the truth. Then, Matt thought about Abby Crawford and decided it was worth it.  At the detention, Miss Monroe made him start reading Hamlet on his own. After three sentences, he was completely confused and drifted off. He supposed he could have asked her for help, but he really wasn't interested. He just wanted to go home, he was hungry. She let him go with a reminder to get that detention slip signed. Matt assured her that he would tonight.  "Hey son, how was your meeting?" Klaus asked putting his arm around him.  "Okay. Not that many guys showed up. A little lame, I guess. Where is everyone?" Matt asked pouring himself some orange juice. The container of blood in the frig no longer phased him.  "I think the guys are upstairs. Rebekah, Davina, and Finn went clothes shopping. Freya is with Henrik downstairs. I'm going to go paint. Stop by if you need help with your school work," Klaus said kissing him on the forehead. Matt blushed a little. His mother had only been affectionate with him when she was in a happy drunk state.  Matt thought about his lie and his face fell. "What's wrong, Matthew?" Klaus said. He could always detect changes in heart beat. "Ah, nothing. I forget I have to read a chapter for history," Matt lied and took his glass upstairs and an apple from the bowl on the counter. Klaus knew Matt was lying about something. -------***The next school day passed slowly. There was an assembly in the afternoon. Bonnie sat by Jeremy and they laughed the whole time. She had always just thought of him as Elena's little brother, but he was bulking up and getting taller. "Jer, have you been working out?" Bonnie said feeling his biceps. "I have been, yes. Thank you for noticing. Tyler and Matt sort of made me at first, but now I like it," Jeremy said flushing at the attention. "Hey Bonnie, thanks again for doing the Hunter's Mark spell. You have no idea how crazy shit was getting. I just, really appreciate it," Jeremy admitted. "That's what I do, Jer. Help people. Bennett witches have been doing it in this town since the founding," Bonnie informed him. "Hmm, I don't think I knew that. Interesting," Jeremy said noticing her eyes. "You coming to the Grill tonight?" she asked. "Of course," Jeremy said. --------****Kol's eyes almost popped out of his head when he saw Davina's outfit the next night. She wore a very short, tight leather skirt with a silky gold tank top rimmed in fur. Her boots had high heels and laced up to her knees. Was this his sister's outfit? It was scandalous, but he liked it. He just hoped the other gents didn't also like it as much. They all quickly left because they knew it was going to be packed. There was a band and if they didn't get there early, they wouldn't get tickets. Kol was driving Davina, Tyler, and Jeremy. Matt took a separate truck to pick up Abby and meet them there. Since Klaus had spanked Henrik, the boy seemed to cling to him. Freya thought it was cute. Finn seemed jealous, but when Freya tried to pay more attention to him, he pulled back. She wondered if he was regressing due to the biology of his younger body. You can't really be an old, mature, soul in a young, healthy, energetic vessel, she thought.  "Let's watch a movie," Klaus suggested. Rebekah made popcorn. She kept checking her phone to see if Marcel and Elijah could make an earlier flight. They picked some animated movie that none of them really understand. Henrik seemed to like it. Finn was sitting off to side on the floor by himself glaring as Klaus and Henrik were cuddled up in a blanket. "Finn, come sit with us," Klaus encouraged. "No, you don't want me there," Finn mumbled. "Yes, we do. Hurry up. The movie is starting," Klaus repeated. "No," Finn said unhappily. "Finn, don't make me get up," Klaus said moving Henrik a little. Klaus vamped up and picked up Finn and brought him over to the couch. Finn huffed and acted put out. Klaus started tickling him and then Henrik until they were both giggling and kicking all the pillows off of the couch. "I'm going to pause it. It's starting. Idiots," Rebekah yelled laughing.Klaus ended up with his arm around both of them. He kissed Finn's head, "See, we always wanted you here." 
"But I'm your older brother, Niklaus," Finn protested. "Not anymore," he replied starting to tickle him again until the girls yelled at them to stop.As they were fooling around, a stack of books flew off the coffee table. Freya gathered them up and noticed a slip of paper. "Matt already got a detention? That's not like him," Freya frowned. "What? Let me see that," Klaus said reaching for the yellow slip."Classroom disruption, disrespect? He said he had a club meeting? He lied! This is not my signature," Klaus said looking at his sisters. ----------**** Matt flirted with Abby like crazy. They made out a little in the truck."Hey, sorry that you got a detention for asking me out," Abby said laughing. "Yes, who gives out detention on the second day of school? She's a piece of work," Matt griped. "I guess cause she was a college professor. I don't know. Did your parents care?" Abby pressed. "Ah, well, I kind of forged the slip. I was afraid I'd get grounded and you wouldn't want to postpone this date...," Matt drifted off. "Oh Matt, I've been waiting for you to ask me out since you and Elena broke up. I would have waited," Abby reported. "I felt terrible. I lied to my dad and...Hey Abby, did you care if I take you home. I think I'm just going to confess," Matt asked softly. --------****When Kol, Davina, Tyler, and Jeremy got home, Freya had just taken the younger boys up to bed. Kol smiled at Davina and jogged up to help her. Rebekah turned and looked at Davina in horror, "What in the bloody hell are you wearing, young lady?"
"Um, clothes!" Davina snarled embarrassed to be reprimanded in front of the other boys. Klaus had the detention slip in his hand and was coming in front the great room. He saw Davina and didn't say a word. "Hi kids, Tyler, Jeremy, have a good time? You guys get to bed, okay? Matt is going to be seeing me before bed, so don't wait up," Klaus said hugging them. Rebekah was still yelling at Davina. Klaus went over to the drawer and took out the paddle and put it on the counter with the detention slip. He grabbed another blank paper and wrote, "Matthew, Get ready for bed and then come see me. Bring the paddle. I love you, Dad." Davina's eyes widened when she saw the paddle and for a second she thought it was for her. "You're not using that on me!" she screeched at Klaus. "No, darling. But maybe that will change if you keep up this attitude. Sister, I'm sure you have things well in hand here," Klaus said kissing Rebekah's cheek. "Don't call me 'darling'", Davina yelled back at Klaus. He just walked up to his room and waited for Matt to get home.--------------***Rebekah calmed down. "Davina, I told you that outfit was inappropriate to wear. I don't see why you wore it anyway," Rebekah asked after breathing deeply. "I wanted to look good," Davina smirked smoothing down the skirt. Rebekah was tempted to bend Davina over the counter and apply Klaus' paddle to her rear end. She knew that anyone could walk in the kitchen and that she was too angry right now to discipline her. "I want you to go to your room right now, please," Rebekah said sternly. "Fine! I guess this isn't a free country. I'll just start dressing like a nun," Davina screamed and stalked off towards her bedroom. Kol came down."Kol, did she really wear that to the Grill? She looks like a call girl," Rebekah cried. "Yeah, I had to compel seven different blokes to leave her alone. It was quite the night," Kol admitted pouring himself a glass of blood. "What am I doing wrong? I told her not to wear that! If Marcel saw her, he'd hit the roof. He just told her to behave herself for one more night until he got home tomorrow," Rebekah said tearing up. "Luv, he's not here, but you are. You always wanted to be a mum, be a mum. Whatever you decide to do, I think as long as you are doing it for her good, it will turn out okay," Kol said draining his glass and hugging her tightly. Rebekah nodded and smiled through her tears, "When did you become the smart one?" "Not sure. I was always happy just to be the handsome one. Now go talk to her before she blows up the house. An angry Harvest witch can cause a lot of damage. You'll do fine," Kol said lightly.--------------***"Davina," Rebekah said tapped at her door. Davina was still in that ridiculous outfit. Rebekah could feel the waves of anger rolling off of her. "I'm sorry that I yelled at you in front of everyone," Rebekah started softly. Davina nodded, but didn't reply. "Did you know that Kol had to compel at least seven guys to leave you alone?" Rebekah inquired. "What? No, I didn't know that," Davina almost whispered. "I guess I just wanted him to think I looked old enough."
"Old enough to go out with you, luv?" Rebekah asked gently. Davina nodded. "Davina, I was about 16 years old when I died and Kol was 17. There is a part of us that will always be that age. We look that age, Elijah even thinks that our brains froze that age. But we do mature somewhat. I know you are much more mature than your years, but I would hope you trust me to help you with some things. You are beautiful in any outfit. But that one, just makes you look like a little girl trying too hard," Rebekah said gently. "I'm sorry I disobeyed you. I should have listened," Davina cried. "Yes, and little girls who misbehave in this family get punished. I think you know how," Rebekah reminded her. Davina hopped up and covered her bottom. "Please don't spank me. Marcel already did and it stung so much," Davina whined. "Young lady, if Marcel saw you in that outfit, he would paddle your behind no matter where he saw it, on the street, in the grill, or in this bedroom.  Now march over to your dressing table and grabbed me your hairbrush," Rebekah said firmly. "No, no, please. I'm sorry," Davina cried. Rebekah vamped over, grabbed the hairbrush and bent Davina over where she stood. She swatted her thighs as her hands were covering her backside. "Your spanking did not even start yet. I suggest you move your hands," Rebekah commanded.  Rebekah brought the brush down firmly ten times on across the seat of the short leather skirt. Even through the layers, Davina squealed and tried to move her behind out of the way. "Now, let's get this skirt down," Rebekah said pulling the tight skirt down. Davina was wearing a leather thong on under the skirt."Where did you get this thong?" Rebekah said still holding the bent over miscreant and applying the hair brush to her butt cheeks. "I bought it yesterday when you weren't looking," Davina sobbed. Rebekah pulled the tight skirt to Davina's knees and left the thong on. She figured the skirt would curtain her kicking. Rebekah took a seat on the wooden chair of the make-up table and flipped Davina over her lap. Without saying a word, she gave the girl a through paddling with the brush until she was screaming and sobbing."You are going to learn a lesson about obeying me," Rebekah lectured. "I'm s-sorry," Davina cried over and over again as the brush cracked down again and again. Rebekah did not stop until the girl's backside was cherry red in her thong. The entire spanking took less than five minutes, but for Davina, it felt like it lasted a lifetime.At the end, Rebekah brought her up to a sitting position on Rebekah's knee and hugged her. Davina was angry at first and then accepted the comfort although the sting and deep ache in her cheeks seemed fiery. "Now, we're getting you dressed for bed. I ought to spank you again tomorrow for buying that thong," Rebekah threatened patting her backside firmly."No! Please, my bottom stings so much," Davina pleaded. "Good. I hope you remember how this feels the next time you want to go out dressed like a harlot. I love you, Davina, and I want you to love and respect yourself.  You don't need to prove anything to anybody. You are beautiful just how you are," Rebekah told her in a voice heavy with emotion. "I'm sorry. I'll behave," Davina promised trying to rub the sting out of her sore rear. "Good, because when you don't, Marcel and I will be there to spank you when you need it. God knows I don't like doing this, but we will. And you better watch your attitude with Nik. This is his house. He protects us all and he does not deserve your smart mouth," Rebekah reminded her patting her thigh a little. "You won't let him paddle me, will you?" Davina whined."If you disrespect him one more time, you will have to worry about me holding the paddle. Do you understand?" Rebekah went on. "Yes, you won't have to spank me with that. Ever. I swear," Davina promised."Good, because it really stings, I've heard the boys say..." ----------------****When Matt got home and saw the note, detention slip, and paddle, he wanted to cry. He was ashamed of himself and embarrassed to have to carry the instrument of his doom upstairs. He supposed that is what made it part of the punishment. Walking in his bedroom to shower, he put the paddle and note on the dresser with his face bright read. Jeremy was already asleep. Tyler was watching tv. "Jesus, you scared me," Tyler said. "You can turn your soft porn back on in a minute, I'm just here to take a shower," Matt handed Tyler the note and detention slip. "Sorry, man. You dead!" Tyler quipped. "Yup. Abby even said she would have waited. I took her home early so I could come back here and confess. But then we ended up, you know..." Matt said again embarrassed. "You screwed her in the truck," Tyler said, more than a little jealous. "Look, it just happened. I think she felt sorry for me. I do feel like an ass. Shit, I better get a shower and go get my whooping," Matt kind of laughed rubbing his butt. "Hey man, we've all been there. Just don't try to have any pride and hold out any dignity," Tyler said relenting. "You know that might be the best advice you've ever given me," Matt said stripping and taking a quick shower. A few minutes later, he was at Klaus' door with the paddle and detention notice in hand. "Dad?" Matt said softly. Klaus was in bed, very still. "Come in, Matthew," Klaus said evenly. "Dad, I swear I was coming home early to confess. If you don't believe me, you can compel me," Matt offered. "Matt, I believe you, even when I know you lie," Klaus said patting the bed beside him. "Heartbeat, right?" Matt said remembering yesterday. "Yes. I can't hear it over the phone, but in person I can. Tell me what happened from the start," Klaus said pulling his arm around Matt. "I was asking out this girl I like Abby in English class. That hunter, Miss Monroe, yelled at me and," Matt paused. "She didn't actually shout at you, did she?" Klaus pressed. "No, sir. She actually was very calm. She told me to stop talking and I got smart with her. I mouthed off in front of the whole class. She gave me a detention. I went to see her after school and tried to get out of it. She said it was for disrespect and that I had to get that slip signed," Matt blurted out in a rush. "Did you think I was going to get angry?" Klaus asked."No, but I knew you would be disappointed that I was disrespectful and I was afraid that I would, at the least, get grounded and not be able to take Abby out tonight," Matt concluded. "I see," Klaus said. "So then I signed the form myself. But I felt so guilty that it wasn't worth it. I am sorry, Dad. I swear I won't complain even if you spank me every night for a week and ground me for a month," Matt promised. "I feel like your conscience has already punished you a good deal. Now there is one further consequence I would add," Klaus started. "Apologize to Miss Monroe?" Matt asked glumly. Klaus nodded, "You know I think you are the..., I won't say sweet, but kindest, young man. When you are disrespectful, it breaks my heart and it is not you. Do you understand?" Matt flushed a bright red, "Yes, Dad. I will tell her I'm sorry. I was showing off I guess for Abby. Thanks for not calling me sweet again.""Come on, it's late. Sleep pants down, lean over the bed," Klaus said guiding Matt over his left thigh so Matt's feet were on the floor and his upper body on the bed. Matt shucked his pants to his ankles."I'm going to use my hand first, then I'm going to paddle you until you can't even think of smarting off in class or lying to me," Klaus said patting Matt's briefs. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!Matt had no problem taking Tyler's advise and just letting go from the start. Klaus was bringing his hand down hard in the center of Matt's bottom in the same spot over and over again. Matt was shifting and stomping his feet, but unable to stop the assault. "It's been while, huh?" Klaus said now swatting random areas. He was spanking hard and fast and Matt could not keep his hands up. Klaus let them creep down and grabbed them both to pin behind his back before they reached Matt's battered backside. Klaus spanked the under curve of Matt's behind in the same spots until both sides were red and smarting. Matt was crying hard and sobbing and not sure he could take anymore. "Okay, take a breath. Do you need a break?" Klaus asked gently."Thanks," Matt croaked out and Klaus let him stand up. He tried not to grab his butt and made fists out of his hands.  Matt nodded and went to the bathroom quickly. He checked out his butt in the mirror by pulling down the back of his briefs and it already looked red and botchy. Matt washed his face and blew his nose. You only have yourself to blame, he chided his reflection in the mirror. Matt couldn't believe how hard it was to come back out to face the paddle. He knew the next steps and to his embarrassment, he started to cry. He wanted to beg that he had learned his lesson and didn't need more punishment, but he knew he could take more.Klaus stood and hugged him. 
"Almost done. You're going to be okay. You're a good kid," Klaus said smoothing back his hair. "Did Alaric tell you about the night at Jeremy's house?" Matt asked shamefully. "Yes, he told me all about it. Matt, are you feeling guilty about that, too? Alaric thought you had learned your lesson," Klaus shared. "I think he was going to wallop me, too. Then, he was a little bit hard on Jeremy and lost his nerve. Dad, I disobeyed him, too. You said that I'm good, but I'm not. I was late because I had sex with my date in the truck," Matt was full of heavy sobs that tore at Klaus' heart. "Matthew, the fact that these things bother you, tell me you have a good heart. Did your date want to have sex? If so, that is okay as long as you used protection and had consent. You are going to be a man soon.  Some orders need to be disobeyed to help save others. I have lived a thousand years and in that time, I've learned that nothing is black and white," Klaus said. "She did consent and I did feel like Alaric needed help. I'm sorry. Let's just get this over with please," Matt said. "Okay, briefs down," Klaus said as Matt's face heated as he pulled down his underwear to right below his butt cheeks. "Over," Klaus moved back on the bed this time to move Matt's whole bed over the bed. He yanked his briefs down to his knees and rested the large round paddle against Matt's cheeks. He couldn't help but squirm knowing what awaited him. He wasn't sure how many times he had been spanked since coming to live here, but each time the strength of the first whack shocked him. Pop!Matt yelled out, "Owwww!" Pop! POp! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!Klaus was using his wrist action to snap down the wooden instrument. He was using the lighter paddle so he knew he could bring it down harder, but he thought Matt needed a longer trip over his knee. The boy was riddled with guilt and doubt. "I love you so much, Matthew. There is nothing you could do to disappoint me in you. I might not like your actions, but I am always proud of you," Klaus said still paddling at a steady clip."I'm sorry. I'm so s-sorry," Matt wailed.  He concentrated on Matt's sit spots and had to pull Matt in tightly when Matt began to almost wiggle off his lap. Matt was crying as this paddling was painful over the hard hand spanking Matt had gotten previously. He was rocking his hips from side to side and kicking as hard as he could to get a reprieve from the round board popping down on his red backside. "Please, d-ddaddy, stop. It's too m-much. It hurts. Please," Matt begged losing all pride and restraint. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! PoP!Klaus continued paddling as he said, "You behaved badly, son, but you are paying for it. You apologized. I forgive you. Do you understand?" Klaus said spanking Matt hard in the center of his backside for emphasis. Smack!"Yes! Y-yes. I understand," Matt sobbed. "Do you forgive yourself?" Klaus asked again smacking Matt softer. Thud. Thud. Thud."Yes, I d-do," Matt cried out. "Good," Klaus said giving him one last spank with the paddle before setting it on the bedside table. "I mean it, Matthew. You let this go. You are a good person. Everyone makes mistakes. The key is to learn from them and do better. If I heard you putting down yourself about this, I'm going to bring you back here for another pants-down paddling. Now you are not grounded, but I want you to finish all your homework by tomorrow afternoon. Do you understand? If it is not done, you ask for help okay," Klaus lectured rubbing Matt's back in circles. "I couldn't get Hamlet yesterday, but I didn't want to ask for help," Matt specified. "Hamlet. Do not worry, son. That is how we taught Marcellus to read. Elijah, Marcel, and myself are a bit of experts on that topic. Do not fear, you will be fine," Klaus confided. "Really? I didn't know that. That would be awesome," Matt said still over Klaus's knee with his flaming behind sticking up.  "Son, I'm going to let you up if you are ready," Klaus said. Matt groaned as he felt his throbbing behind ache with every movement. Klaus helped him stand and Matt quickly pulled up his own pants and underwear. He did rub his backside for a few minutes, but it did not seem to help. "I know that hurt a lot. I just can't have you tearing yourself up over these things," Klaus said opening his arms. "Thank you. I feel...better," Matt admitted returning the hug. "You can talk to me about anything," Klaus said holding Matt to him. "Do I have to take the paddle back now?" Matt grinned sheepishly. "No, you can sleep in here or your room, but it better be back in the drawer by morning. I'm sure you didn't come up with that forgery plan on your own," Klaus smiled. "Dad, no!" Matt groaned. "Shh, come on, you need to get some sleep," Matt ended up just crawling in the other side of the bed. His backside was burning and throbbing, but he felt so relieved in other ways. He never knew what it was like to have someone care about you so much, he thought as he drifted to sleep. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "I didn't think Brynne Deveraux would actually come through and continue the curse on the those stray Crescents we found. It was touch and go there for a while," Marcus laughed toasting Elijah.  They were flying commercial this time, first class, of course.  "Indeed. Brynne is odd for a French Quarter witch. She seemed to know an awful lot about me," Elijah remarked.  "Yeah, it was like she was super hostile and then she saw you and warmed up. Maybe she had a crush on you?" Marcel joked.  "I doubt that. She also had a lot of questions about Niklaus. I was hoping now that Mikael is back with the Strix that things could get back to normal. I hear the children got a bit rowdy. Your father sounded tired on the phone," Elijah said looking at the window.  "Yeah, Rebekah did, too. Seems like she took her hairbrush to Little Miss Davina last night," Marcel shared.  "Really, my sister? I was afraid she would spoil the girl rotten in our absence. Good lord, what did the girl do?" Elijah asked surprised.  "Went to the Grill in some wild get-up that Rebekah told her she was forbidden from wearing. Kol had to fight off the guys. Remind you of anything?" Marcel smirked.  "Oh certainly, the ball of 1913! What a row we had...I admit now I was a little old fashioned about the face paint, but I still feel like I had a point about that dress Rebekah tried to wear, being more suited to a courtesan. Now look, a hundred years later and my little sister is the one wielding the hairbrush. I'm happy for you two. Truly, Marcellus," Elijah said raising his glass to him.  "Thank you, Uncle. I appreciate that. And thanks for coming back to the city with me. I couldn't have done it without you," Marcel admitted as they downed their drinks. After all these years, Marcel still preferred gin, just like a century before. -----------------------MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM---------------------------Matt slept deeply and better than he had in days. He woke up early and thought he would take the wretched paddle back to its' home in the kitchen drawer. Somehow this seemed worse that the entire trip he took over Klaus' lap. His backside was sore and he had that itchy, hot feeling to remind him that he had been punished. He knew in a few hours, though, he'd be fine. Trying to step as lightly as possible, Matt thought he had made it to the kitchen unspotted until he noticed Davina standing at the counter drinking milk.  "Well, this is awkward," Matt laughed holding up the paddle that he had been trying to hide. "Oh, was that for you. I actually thought it was for me and told Klaus off and then got it anyway from Rebekah, but with a hairbrush," Davina blurted unconsciously brushing her hand against her bottom. "I'm sorry to hear that. Wait, did you say you told off my Dad? Because like no one does that and lives," Matt whispered with a small chuckle.  "Yeah, I was getting yelled at by Rebekah and he pulled out this paddle and I was 'OMG, he's going to spank me right here.' I freaked. But he just went upstairs, so I guess I was out of line," Davina blushed.  Matt slipped around her and put the paddle in drawer and then took a deep breath. "This may sound weird since I just got my ass beat pretty good last night, but he's the best person I know," Matt said plainly.  "I mean honestly, yeah. I'm new to this whole 'being spanked' thing, but I would think most people would be pissed off," Davina scoffed.  "Are you? I mean, you got it last night, too. You just said Rebekah and the hairbrush?" Matt asked.  "Yeah, that hurt. But It's weird, but now that you mention it, I'm not pissed. I kind of feel relieved," Davina admitted to her surprise blushing hotly. She put bread in the toaster. "I'm new to this, too. I mean my mom is a good person, but she has issues. Booze. Drugs. Guys. She never really took care of my sister and me. We never really had a dad around and I was just alone, surviving. Now, I have people around me who care, take care of me, and care about how I act. I guess it just means a lot," Matt said getting something to eat.  "I guess I'm the same. My dad was never around. My mom never cared. She's dead now. Marcel and Rebekah saved my life and took me in. I guess I feel like kind of a jerk for not being easier to deal with," Davina said waiting for her toast.  "Hey, I don't think anyone is expecting us to be perfect. That's what I'm finding out. It's like I can be me and mess up and no one is going to throw me out of here. Now I might get my butt whupped or yelled at, but I'm still okay. And honestly, they don't do a lot of yelling here, if you catch my drift," Matt laughed grabbing his sandwich and going to watch tv. "Great," Davina said sarcastically as her toast popped up. ---------------------------MMMMMMMMMMMMMM---------------------------Freya was thrilled to see the changes in the Finn and Henrik.  Finn seemed regressing into a normal 12 year old. He didn't talk in the monotonous, slow tone that he always had.   Henrik started to get some color in his cheeks and stopped sleeping during the day. He did like to watch tv, but they weren't quite sure if he understood was it was. A part of her suspected that he thought he could control the figures in the tv with the remote. That thought had crossed her mind when she awoken from her 100 year slumber, well 98, since the Strix woke her up early.  Although it was Saturday, she woke up early to check on both boys. She was surprised to find Davina eating and Matt watching tv in the great room. "Morning, Davina. How was your night out?" Freya asked politely, tying her robe.  "Well, it was good, the band was loud. Everyone from school, like Jeremy's sister and her friends were cool. Then, I got in trouble for wearing what Rebekah told me not to when I came home," Davina cringed. "Oh no, that's not good. Are you alright?," Freya asked with concern. "Yes, m'am," Davina smiled.  "Good, dear. I'm going to go get the boys up. Can you make coffee?" Freya said walking upstairs.  Kol came down putting on a shirt. Davina flushed again when she checked out his abs.  "Morning, luv," he said almost shyly.  "Hey, sorry about last night. I didn't know you had to compel those guys. It was silly of me to wear that outfit," Davina admitted.  "It was no problem really. I think a lass should wear what she wants. I heard Rebekah giving you a pretty good telling off, though," Kol said sympathetically.  "Yeah, she wasn't real happy with me," Davina said brushing her hand slightly over her sore backside again.  Kol's eyes widened in surprise. Rebekah did it. He wasn't sure how he felt about all this. "Coffee?" Davina asked.  "Thanks, darling," Kol replied sitting down. He listened to her heart sped up and wanted nothing more than to drink from her. "What are you thinking?" Davina inquired. "Nothing. Ah, what did you think of that band last night?" Kol said trying not to stare at her carotid artery pulsing and pumping blood through her body. --------------------------MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM-------------------------------Soon after, Elijah and Marcel came through the door.  Marcel picked up Davina, saying, "I have a gift for you!" Davina giggled, "Is it the head of a French Quarter witch?"  "No, D. We flew commercial. Elijah didn't want to spend the money on a jet, no severed heads this time. But I got something better! It's a letter from your old friend Tim," Marcel smiled.  "Ah, thanks, Marcel. That's so sweet. How did you get it?" Davina asked taking the letter.  "I have my sources," Marcel expressed.  Kol wondered who Tim was, as he listened to Elijah talk about the trip. "How are the younger Mikaelsons faring?" Elijah inquired.  "Much better. Nik had kind of a break through with Henrik. Finn seemed to start remembering a lot. But now he's becoming a regular lad and he seems to be letting go of the past. We've been playing ball with them and trying to get them to play outside as much as they can. I think you'll be surprised," Kol shared. Kol went into the great room to watch tv with Matt.  "Marcel, Elijah, finally," Klaus said hugging them both and accepting the beignets Marcel gave him.  "Thank you, son. I hear all went well," Klaus marveled.  "As well as can be expected. Marcel did a fine job dealing with all the factions," Elijah gushed.  Freya brought down the two youngest. "Finn, Henrik, wow, look at that hair! I think I have clippers in my room," Elijah laughed.  "You two got bigger. No lie," Marcel added. "I'm going to go see Rebekah. D., we'll talk later."  Davina shook her head as Klaus offered her a beignet. "No, thanks. Ah Klaus, I'm sorry about yelling at you last night. I guess I just assumed that paddle was for me because I was being such a brat," Davina confessed with her face burning.  "Sweetheart, I would never discipline you off the cuff like that in the middle of the kitchen, okay? What I never want is for any of you to feel unsafe here," Klaus insisted. "Thanks for letting me stay here. You have all been really nice to me. The truth is that my coven is hunting me and without Marcel and Rebekah, I would be soon dead and unconsecrated," Davina expressed.  "My dear, this is your home now. If they try to harm you, it will be the very last thing they do. And do not fear, I will bring you their heads, luv. I don't fly commerical," Klaus promised.  Davina nodded and whispered thank you. --------------------------MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM------------------------------"Wake up, my love. I got you a gift!" Marcel said throwing himself on the bed.  "Marcel! Finally. Ugh, did you fly commercial, you smell like smoke and peanuts. Gimme it," Rebekah said kissing him and ripping into the gift bag at the same time.  "There are fleur de lis coasters! Stone!" Marcel said excited about his find. "And I don't know why, but they are actually really cool. Thank you, Marcel. I love them!" Rebekah said rolling on top of him. "So you had a rough night, hmm?" Marcel said. "Marcel, if you would have seen that outfit, you would have locked her in a convent for the next 30 years. I don't know what the hell she was thinking?" Rebekah scoffed, rolling back flat on her back beside him. "She's a teenager. They don't think, they do stupid shit," Marcel said looking at her to the side. "And the talking back! So sweet one minute and a brash little monster the next? You would be proud of me, I sent her to her room before thrashing her with her own hairbrush. Bloody hell, Marcel, I was tempted to paddle her bare behind in the kitchen in front of God and everyone. She would have hated me," Rebekah mused. "Hey, hey, none of that. You took care of it. It's over. This is new to all of us. I'll tell you one thing, Rebekah. We've got to keep her safe. That coven is vicious and power hungry. They won't stop at anything to get her back and finish the ceremony," Marcel said sitting up. "Marcel, what do you mean?" Rebekah asked urgently. "After the Harvest is the Reaping. They need to complete the ritual or Davina keeps all the power of the other three witches sacrificed," Marcel said.  "How do they do that?" Rebekah asked in a whisper.  "By cutting her throat," Marcel said putting his head in his hands. ----------------------MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM-----------------------------"So brother, you have been busy?" Elijah asked Klaus as they stood in the backyard watching Henrik and Finn play with Matt and Kol. They were throwing a plastic ball and Finn had a bat.  "You have no idea. For a time, I thought we were going to have to put Henrik back in a coma. But I suppose, the Mikaelson way prevailed again," Klaus smiled sipping his mug of blood. "You gave our sweet newly returned to life baby brother a hiding?" Elijah said in mock horror. "You've thrashed me harder ten fold," Klaus recalled.  "Only to save you from a worse fate. What did he do? I'm a little afraid to ask," Elijah said watching Matt tackle Finn and wrestle with him on the ground playfully. "Oh, he attacked Jeremy for taking 'his' remote control and then he bite the hell out of Freya's hand when she tried to give him her herbal tea. She told me if I didn't do it she would spank him herself and her hand was dripping blood everywhere," Klaus cringed.  "Our beautiful sisters never fail to shock me," Elijah cut in.  "So I spanked him soundly, not too soundly mind you, but enough and had him apologize and he seemed to snap out of his fog a bit. He started talking more and wanting Kol and me around all the time. Then, you'll never guess what happened..." Klaus said looking at Finn. "Finn started getting jealous," Elijah smiled.  "Finn started to get jealous. I've been trying to draw him in. He pulls back. It's like he's at war within himself. The old him and this child version. Kol said they talked and for a time he was his old self, but now he seems to be regressing and forgetting the last 900 years. Truthfully, I think that would be a blessing," Klaus said now watching all of them wrestling on the ground.  Klaus remembered he had told Matt to get his school work down today. "Matthew, please go in and start on your school work. One of us will be up to check on you. Now, please!" Klaus called. "Ah, Dad, it's Saturday," Matt whined.  "Matthew, we have the cookout tonight. If you want to invite your friend over, your work needs to be finished or you will be up in your room completing it tonight. Now, don't make me repeat myself," Klaus said not raising his voice but speaking firmly. "Yes, sir," Matt said stomping back into the house.  "How's Kol been?" Elijah asked in a low tone, knowing Kol could hear if he was listening. "Wonderful. Truly. We could not have done this without him. He's been so good with all of them, patient, kind, helpful. But there is one problem, brother," Klaus said looking back at Elijah.  "What?" Elijah asked staring back.  "He's madly in love with the Harvest witch," Klaus said in a whisper. -----------------MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM------------------------------Matt was squirming in his seat. He thought the discomfit would be gone by now, but he was wrong. It could just be his irritation at having to do his homework on a Saturday.  "Jer, how do you get all your work done so fast? I've gotten like one problem done," Matt asked Jeremy who was sketching in one of his notebooks.  "I don't know, man. It just is easier for me to focus. Can I help?" Jeremy asked putting down his charcoal pencil.  "Yeah, give me your smart brain. Like your dad was a doctor, mine was barely smart enough to leave my mom after getting her knocked up twice. Shit. I can't," Matt said frustrated.  Tyler groaned, "Boy, you best not let anyone hear you talk like that. You're going to get it again on that sore ass and you will have no one to blame but yourself. Now stop bitching and show me where you are stuck."Matt did and Tyler ran him through the steps again patiently. He did a couple for Matt and then made him do a few on his own. Matt complained the entire time until Tyler was ready to punch him.  "Dude, shut the fuck up with the whining. I'm trying to help you!" Tyler yelled in frustration.  Elijah walked in quietly. Tyler sucked in his breath and glared at Matt. Jeremy looked at his watch, "Hey, I promised Freya I'd go to the store with her. Ty? Want to come?" Tyler shook his head and Jeremy left.  "You boys, okay?" Elijah said slowly.  "Honestly, Uncle Elijah. I'm trying to help him and he's being a dick. Can I go?" Tyler fumed.  "Go ahead, Tyler. Go on. I'll see if I can help," Elijah smiled. He could tell Tyler was frustrated and on the verge of snapping. Tyler grabbed his stuff and left.  "So math is it?" Elijah asked.  "Yeah, then Hamlet? Uncle Elijah, I just can't concentrate. I'm sorry, but I think there's something wrong with me," Matt confessed.  "You know, Matthew. I was reading that brain book. Have you ever been tested for learning differences?" Elijah asked kindly.  "You think I'm dumb?" Matt replied.  "No, not all all. They are just brain differences that may make it harder for you to concentrate. How about we make you a doctor's appointment and see if something is going on? They have new medications and treatments that could help. Would that be okay?" Elijah prodded. "Yeah, I guess," Matt said looking down. "It's nothing to be embarrassed about. I hate to see you struggling so much. And squirming?" Elijah said. "I got in trouble last night. Dad paddled me and I can barely sit here. I'm not saying I didn't deserve it, but it ain't helping me finish this," Matt admitted.  Elijah got up and shut the door.  "I probably shouldn't do this," he said as he bit into his wrist. He got a dixie cup from the bathroom and filled it with his blood.  "Here, Matthew," Elijah said.  Matt took the small cup and gulped it. He felt the healing course through his entire body, but especially his backside, where it tingled and cooled.  "Thank you. That works fast," Matt said in amazement.  "Actually, a single drop would have healed you. But I thought a little more may help with the Shakespeare," Elijah added.  Matt didn't know whether to laugh or cry. ------------------------MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM-------------------------------After Elijah went inside, Klaus watched the boys play with Kol a little longer.  "Okay, get off Kol. It's time for a bath. You two are filthy," Klaus called to Henrik and Finn.  "God, they are brutes, brother. Forget about American football. Sign these lads up for rugby," Kol said wiping grass and dirt off of himself as he got up and they both tried to tackle him again. "Enough! Let Kol have a break. He's been playing with you for hours. Come on, inside. Shoes, off. Thank you, brother. Go rest up. I hear that Marcel wants to train you on the grill tonight for the cookout," Klaus laughed.  "Sounds lovely. I best have a shower myself," Kol said. Klaus gave the boys some water.  Henrik wanted coke, of course. "Henrik, that is not good for you. You can have some tonight at the party if you behave. Now drink the water, please," Klaus pleaded.  Henrik took a small sip and made a face. They only drank water in the village, so it must be the chemical taste he didn't like.  "Come now, time to wash," Klaus said steeling himself for the job ahead. Freya had been handling most of this, but she was at the grocery store. Klaus thought that they should probably be able to shower alone now, but the last time that was attempted Henrik panicked and Finn never got near the spray of the water. Klaus got their clean clothes together and herded them into the big bathroom in the hallway as their bedroom did not have an attached bath. The bathtub wasn't as large as the marble one in his bedroom, but the jets scared them when they bumped it on by accident in Klaus' tub. Now, they were afraid of it.  Klaus filled the tub with bubbles and added some bath toys that Freya had purchased like water guns, ducks, and boats. He sat on the closed toilet lid and watched as his eldest brother and his younger brother played.  Both were too old for such things, but didn't know it in their current state. From time to time, they both glanced up to make sure he was watching them. The boys seemed happy as long as they had someone's full attention.   Klaus tried to help them wash off the dirt the best that he could, but he drew the line at trying to wash their hair. He saw Freya do it and didn't think he could handle the fuss. It looked clean enough and maybe Elijah could cut it before the party tonight. "You're not going to wash their hair?" Elijah smirked.  "Busted. Brother, I have my limits. Would you mind?" Klaus asked getting up to let Elijah take his place.  Elijah filled him in on Matt and making an appointment with a doctor. "It seems I have been remiss. I thought he might be a bit lazy about his studies," Klaus confessed.  "He may be, brother. But it can't hurt to check it out. I hope you don't mind but I gave him my blood. He was having a hard time sitting still after your correction last night," Elijah smiled.  "Really? Thank you. I need to ask poor, overworked Freya to make some new salve. It seems to help a great deal. I always think that every time I take one of them to task, it's the last time, but that doesn't seem likely," Klaus reported. "Not with this crew. Tyler was a bit on edge when I walked in to help Matt. He has the mouth of a sailor. I didn't even reprimand him as he was upset, but maybe he watches too much of that television. I've been meaning to look at cutting out some of those cable channels," Elijah fretted.  "At least the Strix spell is broken and we don't have to worry about him going on a murderous rampage. I admit, I may have gotten lax with him lately, especially because I've been with these two so often," Klaus smiled down as Elijah carefully washed each boy's hair. He held a towel to avoid getting water in their faces.  "Okay, Finn. Let's get you out!" Elijah said. "I want to stay in, Elijah. I'm not done playing," Finn argued.  "Brother, you shall look like a prune. Do you want that?" Elijah said taking the towel Klaus handed him. "No," Finn smiled getting out.  Elijah looked at Klaus. This was not their stuffy, dull, older brother anymore that they kept in a coffin for 900 years. This was their chance to do things right. 
  
    Chapter Text
    New Orleans, Louisiana, 1820Celeste was in the bathtub again. She looked as perfect as ever with her cafe au lait skin. "Your brother is again up to no good. He's challenging the gentry to duels as though they have any chance of a fair fight," Celete told Elijah washing herself languidly. "I do grow weary of sacrificing my joy to temper my brother's mischief. Surely, you can cast a spell to put him in his place," Elijah hoped. Celeste was a powerful witch."It would take a hundred witches to put him in his place. Besides, he only ever listens to you," Celeste laughed softly. "Yes. He certainly needs a little discipline. Spanking of some kind is in order. I think I shall need some rehearsal. Come," Elijah leaned down and kissed her passionately.Mystic Falls, Virginia 2010Elijah woke up suddenly. After getting the boys out of the bathtub, he returned to his quarters to rest. He almost never slept in the day, but he supposed traveling had worn him out. Celeste. He hadn't dreamt of that day in years. Bathing the boys must have triggered the memory. Elijah went downstairs and donned his "Kiss the Chef!" apron to begin getting ready for the party. Freya was trying to get Henrik to eat his lunch. "Elijah, I'm so glad you're home," Freya said hugging him gingerly."Sorry, I think I have jelly on me. I can't get him to eat anything." "Henrik, what's the problem?" Elijah said looking at his plate. Finn was sitting at the counter eating his sandwich. In the Old Tongue, Henrik said, "I do not like it." "All we ask is that you try it. If you truly do not like it, we will get you something else. I know it is different," Elijah said to him in Old Norse. Finn's eyes opened wide as Henrik knocked the plate onto the floor. Elijah gave Freya a knowing look. She just folded her arms in frustration and said, "I'm not cleaning that up." "He will," Elijah said simply. Henrik also folded his arms and pouted sticking out his bottom lip. Elijah never recalled him acting like this before. They had eaten what was in front of them. To refuse, was unthinkable. To knock over a plate of food by accident would be grounds for a beating from Mikael. If one of them did on purpose, he would have knocked their teeth out."In this time, we don't hunt rabbit and small game anymore to eat. We get food from something called a store. We will have meat tonight at the cookout, but people don't eat it like we used to. There are other foods to try. Freya has taken the time to make you lunch. Now I'm going to give you a chance to clean that up and tell her you are sorry," Elijah said bending slightly to look in his eyes."No, I will not eat this. I want to be back in the village. I want Mother, this is not food. I curse you," Henrik yelled. Finn tried to encourage Henrik to pick up the place, but Elijah held up his hand.Elijah gently picked him off the chair and led him to the corner."You will face this wall until you have calmed down enough to clean up this mess," Henrik was struggling and trying to turn around. Elijah smacked him on the bottom and turned him again to face the corner.Although it was not a hard whack, Henrik yelped and clutched his bottom."Finn, you can go play unless you want something else," Freya said sighing and taking his plate.Finn looked at Henrik with annoyance and stood there for a moment. "Thank you for cooperating, Finn. I know this isn't easy for you," Elijah smiled tousling his hair. "Can I watch tv?" Finn asked eagerly. "Sure," Elijah said keeping an eye on Henrik."You look tired. Are you sure you are up for this cookout tonight?" Freya said cleaning up. "I think so. I had a terrible nightmare. Freya, those witches in New Orleans are very eager to get their hands on Davina. The one that helped us re-seal the Crescent wolf curse reminded me of someone I used to know, and love. Someone I loved so much that Niklaus had her killed..." Elijah said in a daze.That was it! Brynne Deveraux reminded him of Celeste Dubois. But how could that be? In 1820, Elijah fell in love with Celeste, he ignored his brother. Niklaus sent others to kill all the witches and just like that, he lost her. Freya gasped, "Killed? Oh Elijah, I'm so sorry." "Thank you. It was 200 years ago. It was partially my fault. But I dreamt of her and it felt so real, like it was yesterday," Elijah said. He said as Henrik turned around."Henrik, are you ready to behave? If not, you can get another spanking and spend the day in your room," Elijah said slowly. Henrik nodded and turned more. "Sorry, s-sister," he whispered to Freya. "Go to her," Elijah said tapping his bottom to get him moving. Freya hugged him and said, "I know this is hard for you. But you have to try new things or this will be harder. And the next time, you act up, you are going to get this wooden spoon on your backside." Freya waved the wooden spoon in front of him sternly, before kissing him on the head. Henrik gulped and nodded aggressively at the sight of the spoon.Elijah helped him clean up the sandwich. Freya made him another one and he tried it and ate almost half. It was clear he didn't like it and she gave him some carrots and beef jerky, which was somewhat better. "Okay, you can go now. Henrik, we love you very much," Elijah said in English. He had to learn the new world, language, customs. The old world was gone. Elijah bit his tongue to not call out 'don't run in the house' as the boy scampered away."I see someone told you about that blasted spoon Mother had. I suppose you were too young for it before Dahlia took you," Elijah said getting out trays of food to prep."Kol told me, he said Finn was quite the tattletale," Freya replied, making room for him on the counter. Elijah lowered his voice,"I'm telling you every damn thrashing I ever got with that thing was from Finn telling on us. When he looked at me and asked if he could watch television...""He's forgetting, isn't he?" Freya went on."Yes, it's like that look of judgment is gone. He's just the boy he was, not the man he became," Elijah said starting to marinade the meat. "I think it's better this way. He can't be a 1000 year old vampire in a 12 year old body. He's talking differently and seeming to enjoy himself like a normal kid, not that I totally know what that means these days yet. Though, I think he gets impatient with Henrik's behavior," Freya mused, starting to cut fruit for a fruit salad. "I think Henrik needs to mourn the loss of his old life, old world.I wonder if he will start to forget some also. Maybe we can take him out tomorrow in the car? Slowly just him used to it. Add some new experiences slowly. I need to only talk to him in English. Did you see him? He understands it. I wonder if our youngest brother is just stubborn. He's testing all of us to see how far he can push it," Elijah imparted. "You were very patient with him. Maybe too patient," Freya said as they heard screaming from the other room. -----------------------**************--------------------------------Elijah worked while Freya took Henrik upstairs to spank him with the spoon she had threatened him with earlier. She only smacked him five times over his shorts with her hand and twice with the spoon and then patted his back as he cried himself to sleep. He had hit Finn for trying to touch 'his' remote control again. "Finn, are you alright? Did he hurt you?" Elijah asked checking his face as Finn sat at the kitchen counter. Finn's face was red and it was clear that he had been hit and scratched several times before Elijah vamped over. "No, I'm fine. I should have just let him have it," Finn began."No, brother. If he keeps getting his way, he shall turn into an insufferable brat," Elijah smiled. "Like Kol was?" Finn asked curiously. "Oh, Kol was always full of tricks and mischief, but he never threw fits or attacked anyone," Elijah responded."Oh, didn't he? I can't seem to recall all that well anymore," Finn said troubled. "Finn, you can let it go. We had some good times, like the Yule that Father was away, but we had so many bad times, too. Sometimes I think that if I could, I would just start over again too," Elijah said setting down his knife. "You would?" Finn said looking up."I would. You have been given the greatest gift: to be born again, human, within your family that loves you. There is no need to hold on to the past that we can never change and only suffer from," Elijah contended.Freya came back down to the kitchen with the wooden spoon in her hand."So I could forget how many times I lied to see you all get a hiding for hating me, with a spoon just like that," Finn asked. "We never hated you, brother. We hated that damn spoon, but we never hated you," Elijah swore. Finn nodded his thanks and went up to see how Henrik was. He was done clinging to his past self. That Finn was dead. He had never been happy, except the years he had been with his woman. He couldn't quite recall her name. An herb? Yes, Sage. After her, there was nothing left for him after he lost her. He was ready to let it go.-------------------------MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM--------------------------Matt had called Abby and asked her to come to the cook out tonight. Elijah had helped him with his school work and after getting the vampire blood, he felt great.Jeremy asked his family and they said they would come. Alaric had a hunter's meeting and then would be there after. Elena would bring Stefan and Bonnie. Tyler did ask Caroline and she said she would try to make it if her mom went to work. Sheriff Forbes wasn't crazy about her daughter going out with Tyler after everything that happened. Marcel was not thrilled by the length of Davina's shorts. Rebekah did let him know that all the girls wore them like that now and it was impossible to buy longer ones. Her outfit tonight was 100% better than last night, but Rebekah didn't want to bring that up. Klaus had been busy getting the drinks and some lights up in the back yard. He had a security team on site and all cars had to be checked in. No one wanted a repeat of the night the hunters attacked. He had even talked to Mikael on the phone earlier. Things seemed quiet at Cern. Tristan and Aya were focused on developing armor and serums to become stronger, but Mikael didn't think they were up to anything new. Freya went to wake up Henrik from his nap and found Finn sleeping right next to him. "Boys, it's time for the party. Come on. Time to wake up," she shook them gently. "Henrik, you need to tell Finn you're sorry for attacking him," Freya continued."Sorry. It is my toy," Henrik blurted. "No, sweetheart, it's not your toy. It's for everyone. And the next time, you make such a fuss, you will not be allowed to watch tv for a week," Freya said trying to sit him up. Henrik looked at her glumly. "Now, let's hurry up and get you guys changed. The guests will be here soon," Freya said undressing him. He started to resist her a little. "Are you angry because I spanked you? I didn't want to hurt you, but you attacked your brother and that is never allowed. Now, are you going to behave or do you want me to smack your behind again?" Freya went on. He let her continue, she was relieved because she was starting to feel like he listened to her brothers better, although she had spent more time with him. Calling one of them would have seemed like a cop out."Thank you, Henrik. You both look very handsome. Now, let's go downstairs," Freya smiled holding both of their hands. -----------------------The cookout got off to a great start. Marcel showed off his skills on the grill as usual. Kol was really not interested in his techniques, but tried to pretend to be, so he wasn't staring at Davina. Davina hung out with Stefan and Elena. Matt introduced Abby all around. Klaus reminded himself to put some protection into Matt's drawers soon. He had done that to Tyler a few months back already. Jeremy was having a good time with Bonnie. Jenna came alone and Alaric followed in after his meeting. Tyler played d.j. and waited for Caroline, who never showed. Klaus was happy to have his family back together again. He tapped his spoon against his wine glass. Ding. Ding. Ding. Tyler cut the music. "Friends, family, I want to thank everyone for coming to this little end of the summer cookout. I apologize for the late notice, but we were unsure if Marcel and Elijah would be back from their business trip to New Orleans. New Orleans was once our home, that swamp turned penal colony turned tourist trap. We shall always hold it near and dear to our hearts. Yet, this past year, we have come back to Mystic Falls. This was where many of our siblings, except for Freya and Finn were born. This land is sacred to us. It has given us life and taken life from us. Yet, here we are again. Together. I want to congratulate Alaric and Jenna on their recent marriage. I want to thank Bonnie for her help with some recent issues. I would like to welcome Davina to the family. I would also like to give a toast to our brothers Finn and Henrik. Though we have had a troubled relationship with our father, he taught us the way of his Viking kin who said, 'One’s back is vulnerable, unless one has a Brother.' Brothers, I hope our battles are long past us, but if they are not, I know you will someone grow strong and fight with this family. To my sons and my brothers and sisters, you have shown me that always and forever are more than just words spoken, they are a way of life. I love you all," Klaus finished to cheers from his family and friends. Clap. Clap. Clap. "That was quite a speech, Niklaus! Elijah, I see your wicked brother hasn't lost his way with words.  Do his dear children know how quickly he kills those who get in his way? Sweeps them aside like dust for his own selfish purposes?" Abby said standing up. The glamour that made Celeste look like Abby faded. "Abby?" Matt said confused. "Matthew, back away. Celeste, it's been a long time," Elijah said stepping up to her."Oui, my love. The last I saw you, you went to put your brother in his place. He was dueling nobles and killing them in the streets, sure to draw your father to you. You could have taken me and fled far away. We would have been happy. I promised you I could cloak us, but you promised me you could handle your brother. Yet I was murdered by his word and what did you do? Defend the woman you loved? Struck down the hybrid beast? No! You did nothing, but forgave him like you always did. Pathetic, if this is how you treat those you love..," Celeste scoffed.  "How are you here now, Celeste? This was all in 1820. And yet you come now for revenge?" Klaus asked eyeing his sister Freya and waving the others away. "You body jumped into other witches in your coven, did you not? I should have known it was you in New Orleans with your questions and quick little touches of your hand on mine. But even back in 1820, you must have suspected Niklaus would kill you. I suppose even then, you didn't trust me. Not only is that forbidden by your ancestors, it is a difficult feat to pull off," Elijah conceded. "I did not trust HIM!" she screamed at Klaus."Celeste, I tried to stop him, but it was too late. When I came back for you, you were dead. I am sorry for that. Has not my suffering been enough?" Elijah said. "No, I've come for the Harvest witch now. The ancestors want her power and she must die on New Orlean's soil. If I have to kill your whole mortal and vampire family to do it, I now have the power. You can live with their deaths on your head, as you did with mine," Celeste said raising her hands. Freya rushed Finn and Henrik in the house and told them to go to the safe room.  Bonnie and Freya found each other and whispered an incantation over Davina, they also gave her their power to channel. Marcel stepped forward, "You can have her over my dead body!""Marcel, no!" Klaus shouted vamping in front of him and catching the wooden stake that almost impaled him."Oh, how you must love this prodigal son of yours? What of your other sons?" Celeste said twisting her hands. Matt and Jeremy twisted to the ground crumpled.Klaus turned hybrid as his siblings also shot out their fangs and went to launch themselves at the witch. "Tyler, do not move," Klaus shouted at his son as Tyler roared from the other side of the patio and threw himself toward the witch. Elena screamed and ran over to Jeremy. Stefan tried to wake up Matt.Alaric protected Jenna and held her back from going to see Jeremy. Celeste chanted another spell and all the vampire's necks snapped, even the Originals, they collapsed in mid-air. Davina used her Harvest magic to throw Celeste in the air. "I'm not going back with you. You can tell the French Quarter coven that they can go straight to hell and take their ancestors with them! There will be NO REAPING," Davina cursed as she threw her back down in the grass. Something snapped and the witch screamed a curse at her. The broken witch crawled towards Davina chanting something low. Tyler heard Bonnie say, "It's not working!"He stepped above the witch Celeste on the ground and she asked, "What are you?" Her magic should have worked on humans and vampires. This boy should be unconscious or dead. Right before he snapped her neck Tyler said, "I'm a werewolf, bitch!"Then, he watched her die. 
  
    Chapter Text
    New Orleans, Louisiana 1821Celeste was dead. Elijah had been too late. She was lying the the bathtub dead. He pressed his forehead against her and screamed. It was his fault  After Celeste had warned him about Klaus and his dueling activities, Elijah had confronted him at the dueling grounds for all the deaths.   "Brother, please, this is high folly!" Elijah cried as his brother killed another local aristocrat, who had no chance against the ancient vampire.Elijah went on to say that Mikael would hear of this. Klaus told Elijah to relax. He had created a rumor to send word overseas that the bodies were the result of the local witches seeking blood sacrifice for their rituals. Elijah knew then what Klaus had done. He had sent his minions to rouse the witches and kill them. Elijah asked him if he remembered that Celeste was one of them. Klaus smirked and asked who Celeste was feigning ignorance. Then, Klaus acted like he suddenly recalled her. "Well, fear not. Harlots are like rats in the quarter. You trip over one every step you take," Klaus laughed. Elijah took the revolver and shot Klaus. ---------------------------------------Tyler felt nothing. No change, no remorse, just nothing. The witch was dead, her neck tilted at an odd angle. Then, he noticed the chaos around him. The vampires were stirring and waking up disoriented. He ran over to Matt and Jeremy. Jeremy's neck looked broken. Elena was screaming, "Does he have the ring on?" Stefan, himself barely awake, lifted his hand and saw that Jeremy had the Gilbert ring on that would protect him from death at the hands of supernaturals. "Matt!" Tyler yelled. Matt was groaning in pain, but alive. How was that possible? Stefan was about to give Matt his blood when Matt's blue eyes opened wide. "He's healing!" Stefan said in awe. Kol vamped over to Davina who was in shock. "Are you okay, luv? Did she hurt you? I'll rip her bleedin' head off," Kol glowered."I'm fine. The bitch is dead. T-Tyler snapped her neck," Davina shuddered burying her head in his shoulder. Kol whispered to her, "If anything happened to you-.""D., where are you?" Marcel cried, pulling her away from Kol. "I thought for a second she got you.""Never. She's gone. I just hope she didn't have a chance to body jump again," Davina cautioned.Klaus woke and surveyed the scene. Elijah was beside him starting at Celeste's corpse- again. They made sure that everyone was okay. Matt was healing quickly from the vampire blood Elijah had given him earlier. Alaric also had a Gilbert ring on that Elena's biological mother, Isobel. Stefan compelled Jenna to forget the whole thing.  "Let's store the body in the tomb for now. Who knows? It could come in handy later," Elijah said. Celeste's dead eyes stared up at him. This was not the woman he had loved, she would never do this. The real Celeste had died in 1821. "Everyone seems alright. If anyone asks to have another bloody cook-out, I will explode. They never seem to end well, do they? Freya's with the younger boys inside?" Klaus asked. "I believe so. Celeste must have had the power of the ancestors and the rest of the coven with her to be able to knock us all out like that. Or else she was doing sacrificial magic. She was powerful in life, but in death, she is frightening," Elijah scoffed."I'm sorry, brother. My cursed jealousy put us in danger again," Klaus said putting a hand on his arm. "Niklaus, it was 200 years ago. As she said, I forgave you. If you could but forgive yourself... We will hunt down every French Quarter witch and put their heads on pikes if that is what we need to do. Calm yourself. We are now at war, and the witches are formidable foes. But we have Davina now and the Strix army, if we need them. This murderous coven shall fall for this," Elijah pledged. "Indeed. I am only sorry that Tyler triggered his werewolf curse. Maybe this is the time to break the sun and the moon curse? If Tyler was a hybrid, he wouldn't have to turn unless he wanted to. Damn them. To do all this, in order to reap the power of one teenage girl? And Matt? What if you hadn't given him your blood? And Jeremy if didn't have on his family ring? This could have been...," Klaus finished. "It's done. You can't think like this. Let me get this body to the tomb. You go on into the house, see to the family," Elijah dictated. Klaus nodded and headed inside. -------------***"Matt, how are you feeling?" Klaus asked checking his neck."Great, it's like I started healing right away. I felt it snap but then, I was okay" Matt stated. "Good. Have you talked to Abby?" Klaus asked with caution."Yeah, she called my cell to blast me for never picking her up. She's alive and well. So who the heck was who I thought was Abby?" Matt asked. "An old witch I had killed two centuries ago. She must have cast a glamour spell to appear to be your friend Abby. I guess this Celeste really holds a grudge," Klaus said as Tyler approached him."Hey, Dad, sorry about...you know," Tyler said helplessly."Son, do not worry. We'll try to break the curse. We have almost a month. Now about you rushing into danger like, what is his name, Rambo...That will shall discuss later. But about the curse, if Elena would donate her blood, albeit again, and we can get the moonstone, we have a chance of turning you into a hybrid," Klaus promised. "You mean the moonstone my Uncle Mason had, that my father had hidden in his office?" Tyler asked. He maybe had been a little out of line, but his aggression kicked in and he wanted to fight. He couldn't just sit back as his family was threatened. Tyler was pretty sure that his dad wouldn't see it that way. "Actually, I have the moonstone now," Elijah admitted coming in the back door. "How did you get it?" Klaus asked. "Long story! I stole it from Nicole, the maid/witch who tried to dagger you," Elijah recalled. "Good," Klaus said. "That's a start. We'll talk to Bonnie and see if she thinks it is possible to work out a spell to stop Tyler from turning." --------------****Rebekah and Marcel both tucked in Davina."Are you sure you are okay, luv?" Rebekah asked for the tenth time. "Yes, I'm fine. When I lifted that bi-, I mean witch into the air, I felt great. All the power came out, like erupted. I smashed her to the ground. I only wish I would have killed her so Tyler didn't have to trigger his curse. But Marcel, you shouldn't have tried to save me. You almost got staked. Thank you, though," Davina said sincerely. "Yes, Marcel, that was rather impetuous of you. I'm sure Nik will have something to say about it later," Rebekah scolded him. "Yeah, he always does," Marcel admitted. "You guys don't have to stay if you don't want to," Davina said softly. "No, we'll stay until you fall asleep," Rebekah smiled smoothing back her hair."Dream of those witch heads you wanted, D. Cause I guarantee that whole coven just signed their death warrants," Marcel promised. "They tried to kill me once before. They are not good people," Davina uttered sleepily.Davina fell asleep with a smile on her face.------------****Klaus ran through the night in his head over and over again. He started to fume when he thought of Marcel's near death. He also remembered shouting at Tyler to stop, who completely disregarded his orders. Yet they all needed their rest tonight, if they could find it, for he could not.Klaus went to the study and poured himself a drink. 1821. He knew Elijah was "knocking around" with the pretty witch. For the first time in hundreds of years, Elijah was out more than in. He had a spring to his step. Instead of being happy for his brother, he was enraged. How dare he? Klaus killed noble after noble at the dueling grounds. If he won, he won, but if he lost, he won anyway. It was a stupid game. The bodies piled up. Elijah hadn't even noticed. But Mikael might have, word of irregular deaths always seemed to attract his attention. So the witches had to pay because Elijah was sneaking around with one of them and Klaus didn't like it. After he had Celeste killed, he was afraid Elijah would not come home. But he did come, just not the same. He didn't speak much. Elijah was...destroyed, shattered, dead. In his own way, Klaus tried to apologize, he stopped the duels, attended to business, and kept the household running. Then, Klaus realized that instead of blaming him, Elijah blamed himself for her death. He assumed that Elijah forgave him, but now he realized that Elijah never blamed Klaus. He didn't deserve Elijah, not at all. "Stop it, brother," Elijah said coming into the study and picking up the glass of amber liquor Klaus had poured for him."I cannot help it, Elijah. You should have left us in 1821. Why did you stay? And do not tell me it was your fault that I killed your lover," Klaus demanded. "It was my fault. I abandoned our family to play house with Celeste. It was doomed from the start. A witch and a vampire? Please...I did love her, but apparently not enough to save her from myself," Elijah confided. "I wish you would have screamed at me, shot me again, or even thrashed me for what I did...but instead, you let it go. You took it all into yourself, you held on to your pain," Klaus said sadly. "I couldn't be that angry at you, brother. Every time I would start to blame you, I thought of the first time I thought Father was going to kill you. I wish that I would have struck him dead then. And thrash you? All I ever wanted to do what protect you from pain. You took more pain than any of us ever did or could. You never deserved any of that. You were innocent and good and kind. I could never bring myself to raise a hand against you, even when I probably should have," Elijah admitted. "Elijah, he was a Viking warrior and you were just a boy. All we really wanted was Mikael's love and acceptance. I got the beatings, but you never got a good word from him either. I never wanted any of you to pity me. I became the beast he took me for, for a time, but that is not excuse. I should not have done so many of the things I did. Always and forever or not, I am sorry," Klaus specified. "Brother, I never stood by you because of pity, but because of love. Our past has come back tonight to bite us in the proverbial backside. Yet, we prevailed. We cannot let our mistakes haunt us. We must learn from them and go forward to crush our enemies. I swear to you that I will not leave your side, but I need you here with me now. Not thinking of 1821 again. We must keep focus on the present as we have much to discuss. But I do accept your apology," Elijah said sincerely. "Thank you, Elijah. You are right as always. I assume, we need to tap into our witch sources and see just who sent Celeste. Then, perhaps we need to find out more about this Reaping," Klaus said getting up and leaning against the desk."That's a good start. I brought in the stake that Celeste fired at Marcel. It's soaked in vervain," Elijah said dropping it on the desk with his handkerchief. "We've destroyed almost all known sources of it. The only one I know if is the small supply that the Salvatore's grow under their boarding house to throw the town council off. Could Celeste have gotten those wretched hunters involved in her plot?" Klaus said, touching the stake and hissing in pain. "It's a possibility. If they know that Alaric, Damon, and Carol Lockwood are compromised then we might need some fresh faces on the council to plant. I wish we could just wipe them all out, but with it being a nationwide network, that would just alert the other chapters," Elijah declared. "Yes, well, let us rest. For tomorrow, I have two disobedient sons to deal with," Klaus frowned. "Niklaus, Marcellus was foolish but he was acting from instinct. You can tell how much he and Rebekah have taken to the Davina. Your 'little warrior" has more courage than restraint," Elijah mused."Yes, but in the battles to come, we can't have him and Tyler disobeying us to play the hero so boldly. When I think of them and what could have happened...," Klaus set his glass down so hard it cracked. "I know. You are right, of course. I would offer to help out, but you are the one they disobeyed, so I suppose you should be the one to discipline them," Elijah smiled sadly."Perhaps I could borrow your infamous paint stick? I think a few lashes across the back of their thighs will teach them to mind me the next time I give them instructions," Klaus finished. "Here, it's in the closet. Just hide it when you are finished, Rebekah is still looking to burn it," Elijah admitted. "Our stubborn little sister might be needing it to use across the Harvest witch's bum soon. She's quite the fighter. Did you see her and Kol? I'm not even sure Marcel noticed but Kol only had eyes for her after the attack," Klaus said finding the paint stick and putting it on the desk."Didn't I say that things never turn out well between a witch and a vampire?" Elijah remarked at they went back to bed. -----------------*****The next morning everyone was buzzing about the attack. When the younger boys got up, Freya shushed everyone to keep it down. Elijah made a big breakfast and even Henrik seemed to eat quite a bit. Klaus couldn't help but notice the nervous glances he was getting from Marcel. Marcel knew that anytime he put his own life in danger, his father would always want to have a chat with him. Tyler seemed in good spirits. After breakfast, everyone seemed to want to get out of the house. Matt and Jeremy went to the Gilbert place. Elena was still freaked out that Jeremy's neck got broken. The rest of the family was planning on going to the movies and then out to eat with Elijah. Marcel glanced at Klaus who shook his head slightly. "Hey, Rebekah, I need to stay here and talk strategy with Klaus. You, guys, go ahead," Marcel said quietly. "No, Marcel, I want you to come. You said you wanted to see the movie," Davina cried. "If it's good, we'll go see it again. Just the two of us. Have fun, D.," Marcel said kissing her cheek."Come on, luv. If we don't leave now, we'll miss the trailers. They are often better than the movie," Kol said grabbing her arm. She elbowed him and laughed as they walked out. Marcel looked back sharply and watched them walk out together. Kol was being awfully friendly to Davina. He didn't like it. Yet, Marcel had other matters on his mind right now. "Tyler, stay back too, please. Go on up to your room. We need to talk," Klaus announced as everyone started heading towards the vehicles. Elijah came back in to get something.Tyler looked surprised and then saw Marcel's face. He knew he was going to be sporting a red butt tonight. So much then for a date with Caroline.  "Dad, come on. Really? I killed that bitch dead and I would do it again. Please!" Tyler huffed. "Tyler, please. I do not wish to argue with you. Now move, up to your room," Klaus repeated patiently.To Marcel, Klaus said, "Take a minute and meet me in my study." Klaus walked off not looking back at Tyler. He was upset about having to do this and having second thoughts. "Goddamn it! This is bullshit. I'm not going," Tyler fumed, thinking no one could hear him save Marcel. Elijah heard this as he was leaving and vamped over to him. "Tyler, *smack* I have had enough with your attitude *smack* and language. When you are told to do something, you best march. *smack* This is preciously the problem *smack*, you not listening and thinking you know best," Elijah had turned him to swat his backside as he lectured him. The smacks were hard enough to raise Tyler to his toes. He also threw his hand back to protect his backside, but Elijah just swatted his thighs.In a lower voice, Elijah said, "Now, this is not easy for your father. For all of us, Tyler. I know you are angry, but can you trust us to know what is best for you?" Tyler was rubbing his smarting rear end and tearing up, not from the smacks, but from the embarrassment. Marcel was standing there awkwardly watching."This goes for you also, Marcellus. You are both very brave, but we can't have you throwing your lives away trying to be heroes. This battle with the witches is just beginning," Elijah cautioned. "Got it," Tyler said with his head down. "I'm not sure you do yet, but you will. Now go up to your room like you were told. And when your father comes in, you need to have your nose in the corner and your naughty bottom bare. That's your punishment from me for the cursing and attitude," Elijah warned. "But? I-I-," Tyler started to protest until he saw the serious look on Elijah's face. "Yes, Uncle Elijah," Tyler answered his face blazing and his hand balled up in fists. "I need to go, but we'll take later. Marcellus, please, try not to give your father too hard of a time," Elijah pleaded, vamping away quickly since everyone was waiting for him in the cars. Tyler rubbed away some stray tears. Marcel got up and crossed over to him and put his arm around him. "Hey man, I'm like 200 years old and about to get my ass handed to me. I have a lot more to be embarrassed about than you," Marcel said smiling. Tyler nodded, "Thanks, man. At least everyone else is gone. I guess I better get up there." Tyler let it sink in for a minute that Klaus was probably going to also spank Marcel?!? Who was a vampire and old? If that was the case, then Tyler was never going to outgrow this shit. "Hey, it could be worse! We could be getting it together. I'd say be strong but I'm sure I'll be crying like a little girl in a couple of minutes," Marcel admitted. Tyler laughed, "Yes, man. I hear you. Good luck and thanks."----------------****Marcel knocked and waited for Klaus to say 'come in' before entering. Marcel noticed the paint stick, the stake with a cloth wrapped around it, and a glass jar of something sitting on the desk. There was also an egg timer. Marcel couldn't recall if that was something new or had been there. "Guess that stuff is for me," Marcel said pointing. "Yes, son. You aren't going to like it, but I had Freya mix up a batch of slow healing salve. The bane of a misbehaving vampire," Klaus said standing. "So trying to save Davina and my family is now considered misbehaving? Are you serious?" Marcel snapped. "Marcellus, must we go through this song and dance again? You know when you put your life in danger, I will punish you. What would you do if Davina endangered her life? Throw her a party?" Klaus threw out. "No, Klaus, I would not throw her a party. I would have a talk with her," Marcel admitted."Well, son. Let's have a talk then. Sadly, for you, this one shall be without your trousers," Klaus said clapping his hands once. Marcel flushed hotly as he unbuckled his belt and undid his pants and took them off. He recalled Elijah pleaded with them not to make this harder for Klaus than it had to be. Easier said than done, when it was your ass. Klaus took his pants and folded them on the desk. Marcel was wearing stretchy boxers that Rebekah had bought for him. He really didn't want to take them down, but Klaus indicated for him to hurry. Marcel started to slip them down and then couldn't do it. "Look, Klaus. I get it. It was stupid of me to almost get myself staked. Isn't the close brush with death punishment enough?" Marcel argued. "That's one. Boxers down," Klaus said. "One what?" Marcel said irritated."One extra minute you are getting spanked for arguing with me. Two," Klaus said calmly."What? Come on. You're counting down! That's what the timer is for," Marcel shouted. "Three. That's three solid more minutes over my knee with my hand on your bare fanny spanking you. I suggest you pull down your pants and get over my knee before I get to four," Klaus warned sitting down on the couch near the desk.  Marcel yanked down his underwear to his knees and threw himself over Klaus' lap. Marcel's hands were on the floor as were his legs, as the couch was low to the ground. "Now, I'm going to put the salve on. It's going to be just like you are human for a few minutes. I think you used to learn better from a good spanking back then. Maybe this is why," Klaus muttered.Marcel jerked a little as Klaus smoothed the cool cream over his upturned behind and thighs. He was tense and clenching. Klaus flipped up Marcel's shirt to reveal his whole bottom. After he was done, he patting him softly. "Relax. You are so tense. We're going to take care of those witches. They won't come after her again so soon. Freya is there and the others to protect her. Davina's not going to be any better off if you get yourself killed, is she?" Klaus asked softly.Smack!"No, Klaus," Marcus answered feeling the burn of that one firm smack. Not healing immediately let the sting linger in a way it didn't usually when Marcel's vampire healing was in full effect. "I'm going to set this timer for two minutes and give you a break to catch your breath," Klaus said resting his hand on his backside."Please, Klaus, I'm sorry," Marcel whined unable to stop himself. Swat.swat.swat.swat.swat.swat.swat.swat.Klaus was barely smacking him, Marcel raised his head to look behind him wondering what was going on. He was gotten harder spankings when he was a human boy from Elijah. This was an odd feeling in comparison to the strong whacks he typically got first when Klaus was spanking him. The light smacks gradually started to build up into a slow burn after thirty or forty, Marcel shifted a little. Klaus was spanking in a random pattern and after the first minute, Marcel became a little alarmed at the sting increasing on his bottom. He started to move his hips a little from side to side which only cause Klaus to pull him in tighter with his left arm. The smacks began to start hurting more and more until Marcel was squirming uncomfortably. The timer dinged. "That was two minutes. One more to go and then we will begin your real spanking for almost getting yourself killed, young man," Klaus said rubbing more salve into his behind. "Papa, please. That stuff really works. I'm not healing. It hurts a lot," Marcel whined. The burning was not decreasing."I know, son. I hope this is the last time I have to spank you for this. We need you, but we need you alive," Klaus said turning the timer for one more minute.smack. smack. smack. smack. smack. smack.One again, Marcel got the quick, little smacks that gradually built up on his sensitive behind. He found himself kicking and pushing up a little and fighting to keep his hands in front of him. He couldn't say how many times he had gotten another spanking later than evening for trying to cover his behind or otherwise misbehaving during his punishment. Marcel could never figure out how he could take fighting and sparring injuries without a care, but a few smacks on his rear caused him to jump out of his skin. Marcel grunted and tried to push himself up. "Settle yourself, we have a long way to go," Klaus warned. Marcel moaned and exhaled when the timer when off again. "Okay, now we can start your original spanking. I'm going to skip the long lecture and let my hand and this paint paddle do the talking," Klaus said pinning Marcel's legs by throwing his right leg over them. Klaus' left arm was pinning Marcel close to him. "Okay, take a breathe," Klaus said bringing his hand down from side to side on both Marcel's now darkening cheeks. Klaus swatted the same spots over and over again until he heard Marcel's breath hitch. Then, he lowered his swats to target the tender under curve of his behind. He was starting to spank harder and slower.Marcel was biting his lip and trying to take it, but when Klaus started spanking him in the center of his behind across both cheeks for then hard swats, he lost it. Klaus heard his son wail and wanted to stop, but forced himself to continue the spanking. Marcel couldn't move or shift due to Klaus' legs and arm keeping him in place. "Papa, p-please. It h-hurts so b-bad," Marcel wailed. He no longer felt any shame, he just wanted the assault on his searing behind to end. It felt like hot flames were licking the area in a continuous burn. He heard the smacks one after another, but the pain in his rear felt continuous. It must be the effects of the salve, slowing his healing. Klaus paused to give him a chance to catch his breath. "I know how much you care about Davina, you saved her and wish to save her again. But you almost died Marcel. Do you know this stake is coated in vervain? It almost ended you last night. I can't have that. Now, I'm going to end with the stick.  I'm going to unlock my legs and smack your thighs so you remember this when you sit today as a reminder to mind me when I give you an order," Klaus said rearranging Marcel's backside over his right knee. Klaus picked up the flat paint paddle and lined it up with Marcel's sit spots. Thwack! Thwack! "No, p-please!" Marcel cried. Marcel yelled out and his legs pinwheeled as Klaus paddled him hard and fast with the stick on his sit spots and then on his upper thighs. Marcel bucked and tried to jerk away from the stick but Klaus only pulled him in closer and gave him a few firmer whacks. "P-Papa, s-sorry, please, stop," Marcel wailed as the spanking continued unabated. Klaus knew that Marcel needed to think of this the next time he wanted to disobey him. Klaus brought the paddle up to Marcel's cheeks and brought it down again both hard ten more times as Marcel pounded the floor with his fists and kicked. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop!Only when Klaus saw welts and deep red, almost purple marks on Marcel's behind, did he stop the vigorous spanking that had started so gently."I'm almost tempted to swat you with this vervain soaked stake that almost went into your heart, but I can't bring myself to. I love you so much, Marcel. When I saw what you did last night, I saw your death. I know you want to protect Davina. You can, but we have to do in a smart way. We will get our revenge, but not at the cost of your life," Klaus said. Klaus slowly lifted Marcel up and into his arms. He let his sore backside hang off the side of Klaus's thigh, but Marcel winced when his thighs came to rest on Klaus' hard thighs.  Marcel rubbed what he could of his bottom, but nothing helped alleviate the aching burn. His bottom just throbbed."It hurts so much, P-Papa. I'm s-sorry. I won't do it again. Don't be m-mad," Marcel cried as Klaus cuddled him on the couch. Klaus wiped the tears from his face and grabbed the blanket from the back of the couch to wrap him in. "Papa's here. Shh, I'm not mad, my dear. I just got frightened," Klaus rocked him and held Marcel to him like he had when he was sick or hurt as a child. Klaus had certainly never had the heart to thrash him a tenth this hard when he was a boy, there were a few times Elijah was harder on him, but never Klaus."Now, I want you to take a little rest on this couch while I go see Tyler. I mean it Marcel, you rest. I'm not sure you can take another spanking today on that bottom, but I'm not against giving you another punishment. It might be hard for you to write lines or stand in the corner when everyone else is around tonight, so I suggest you let yourself sleep," Klaus warned.Marcel whined and hissed a little as Klaus set him on his stomach on the couch and covered him with the soft blanket. He had long since kicked off his boxers. Klaus leaned over to kiss his head and warned him to nap. For once, Marcel did not argue and fell into a deep, contented sleep. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Kol was hoping that he would get to sit alone in the movie with Davina. That didn't exactly happen. Freya and Elijah ended up taking the younger boys to a kids' movie. Rebekah, Kol, and Davina went to the action movie. Kol didn't think it was on purpose but Rebekah sat in the middle. About halfway through, Rebekah got up to get more popcorn and they could finally talk. With an empty seat between them, Kol held out his hand. Davina smiled and slowly took his hand laughing a little. She blushed and felt warm inside to touch him. Even in the darkness, she saw the love in his eyes for her. "Darling, I-...," Kol started.Dammit if Rebekah hadn't vamped out to get the popcorn. Kol's vampire hearing picked up her footsteps and he somehow let go of her hand. "What's wrong? Kol-," Davina said in confusion, but then saw Rebekah's blond head coming back up the aisle. She laughed again and just smiled at him. She had never felt this way about Tim. Come to think of it, she hadn't even read his letter yet. -----------------****Tyler couldn't do it. He knew Elijah told him that he was to stand in the corner with his bare butt hanging out until his father came up.  Tyler took down his shorts and underwear and shuffled over and then realized the door was open. Sure, everyone was out, but what if the cleaning crew came in? They didn't work on Sunday, but this was a big house and who the hell knew when a worker or someone else would be around? So Tyler pulled up his pants and shut the door. Then, he had to go to the bathroom. He went quickly. Then, he remembered that if Elijah asked him if he complied with the punishment, he could tell if he was lying by his heartbeat. Damn. So Tyler yanked off his shorts and underwear and threw them in the corner. He had a t-shirt and sweatshirt on. It felt weird to wear the sweatshirt, so he took that off. He marched over to the corner and leaned against it with his arms folded by his head. This made him feel like his butt was too exposed and then he put his hands by his side and felt odder.  Tyler decided that he would rather get spanked that be in this position again of having to stand in the corner unsupervised. Was he supposed to go get the paddle? The heavier racquet type paddle that Klaus had swatted them with before was in the boys' dresser in the top drawer. That thing hurt worse than the lighter paddle in the kitchen or the ping pong paddles in the game room. It caused a deep ache rather than just a stinging sensation. Maybe getting that out would buy him some goodwill? Anything was better than standing in this corner like this. It was somehow more painful to him. Tyler fetched the paddle and put it out on the coffee table. Tyler noticed that there were condoms in there, too. Tyler leaned there in the corner for what seemed like hours getting more and more upset and anxious. He went to the bathroom a second time, drank some water, went back in the corner. It was 20 minutes later when Klaus came up. Tyler was almost sick with worry. He forced himself not to turned around when he heard the door open.  "Tyler, what's this now? Did you put yourself in the corner?" Klaus asked softly.  Tyler covered up his front and turned shaking his head.  "Uncle Elijah said it was my punishment from him for swearing and arguing about going to my room. He heard me and swatted me a few times and sent me up here," Tyler glumly reported.  "Oh my, that's a hard thing to do, to accept the consequences. I'm proud of you for obeying him," Klaus said noticing the paddle.  "Honestly, Dad. I didn't do a very good job. I think I'd rather take another spanking than stand there that long with no pants on again," Tyler admitted.  "Well, I'm not sure how you are going to feel after this spanking. I don't intend to go easy on you after last night," Klaus reported.  "I took out the paddle too. I figured I might as well. Even though I hate that thing. I know even though you are a vampire, your hand still can get worn out. Sorry, you have to do this again. I heard you yell at me to stop and there I was right out there in danger...," Tyler said.  "It's not the end of the world, son. We have a lot to figure out, but we will do it one problem at a time and together," Klaus assured him.  "Okay, Dad. I'm scared, but I know it's all going to turn out okay," Tyler shared.  "It will. Come now, Freya made some salve. Maybe that will help a little," Klaus said, sitting down on the couch where he usually spanked them in their bedroom. Klaus thought of having him bend over the couch for a moment, but that seemed too impersonal. He wanted his son close.  Tyler put himself in position quickly, almost just glad not to be alone in the corner anymore. Klaus said, "This might be cold," and smoothed on the salve. For humans, it should help protect their more delicate skin. Tyler tended to hold out the longest during his punishments, trying to tough it out and be strong. There were a few times where Klaus felt like he had been too hard on him in the past. "You know why we are doing this?" Klaus said as he started smacking Tyler's behind. Tyler sucked in his breath and gasped before nodding.  "Yes, sir. I didn't listen and put myself in danger killing the witch. Now I'm going to turn unless we find a cure," Tyler said bracing himself.  "You are not being punished for killing the witch, son. Davina may have been able to, but she also may not have been. It was the way you leapt into danger after I warned you not to," Klaus said spanking Tyler firmly on the center of his buttocks right across both cheeks until he squirmed. "S-Sorry, Dad. I just got s-so mad I wanted to k-kill that b-bitch really bad," Tyler spat.  Whack! Whack! Whack!  "That language is going to get your mouth soaped out if I hear it one more time! That word is disrespectful to woman. I doubt your mother or aunts would like to hear you say it either, " Klaus said swatting the under curve of his behind hard twice.  "S-Sorry, s-sorry," Tyler yelped as his bottom grew hot and sore as Klaus peppered the entire surface with smacks. Klaus warmed up Tyler's behind with his hand with another forty moderate smacks.  "I think sometimes you listen to the paddle better than the words from my mouth," Klaus said pausing to pick up the paddle from the coffee table. "Oh God, no. P-Please, D-dad, not hard," Tyler begged. Tyler wasn't opening crying, but tears were dripping down to the floor.  Klaus rested the smooth round wooden paddle on his bared behind for a moment. Tyler felt the cool surface on his burning butt and almost welcomed the break and sensation. Then, he felt a gust of air and heard a loud popping sound.  Pop! Klaus smacked him right in the center of his behind. Tyler broke and began sobbing as his legs jerked out. He tried to throw back his right hand but Klaus caught it.  "I know it hurts, Tyler. But I hope it is making an impression on your behavior," Klaus shared.  Smack! Klaus went a little lower to Tyler's upper thigh and popped him there. "We care so much about you, Tyler. You can't throw your life away by giving into your anger," Klaus lectured.  Smack! He smacked his other thigh. Tyler yelled out in pain. "A wolf must obey his alpha. Whether you turn or not, consider me your alpha, young man," Klaus went on.  After each whack, he paused to let the sting sink in. All Klaus could hear were Tyler's cries and sobs. He almost could not continue.  Pop! "As you saw from Marcellus, you are never too old to be punished for putting your life in danger in this family," Klaus said softly. Pop!  "Do you understand me, Tyler?"  Smack! Smack! "Yes, D-Daddy! Please, stop! I am sorry. So s-sorry. I can't take it," Tyler wailed. Pop! POP! "The last thing I want to be doing to you right now is paddling your red, sore behind. But I don't know how else to get through to you that you must obey me and your elders here," Klaus said smacking him again. This particular paddle was heavy and Klaus was barely flicking his wrist down, but he could see the painful effects it had on Tyler.  Pop! POP! After ten whacks with the heavier paddle, Klaus felt that Tyler had had enough. His backside was a deep red and Tyler was no longer struggling but resigned to his fate. He had stopped sobbing and kicking.  "Okay, it's all done. No more of that," Klaus murmured. He rubbed his back and gave him a minute to catch his breath.  Klaus very slowly helped him off and Tyler's hands went to his sore mounds to gingerly touch them. He pulled Tyler down into his lap carefully."I know it hurts, but what would hurt worse is if you got badly hurt or killed because of that monster yesterday," Klaus whispered. Tyler was a little angry right now and he resisted Klaus at first, but Klaus pulled him tighter.  "We're going to fix things the best we can. You know I heard the legend of the wolves is that a witch cursed another coven to turn on the moon. I don't know if that is true, but what I do know is that there are good things, too. Your moods may be better. Your senses heightened. You can track and hunt. If we can break the curse, you could be the next hybrid in history after me. Do you know what that means?" Klaus asked holding him closely.  Tyler shook his head.  "You will be stronger than almost everyone else. That takes a lot of self-discipline, but those witches would run from you as soon as your eyes turn yellow," Klaus smiled.  "That sounds good. Love you, Dad," Tyler smiled.  "I love you, too, Tyler. More than you will ever know. But I have a feeling you need to wait before putting your trousers back on. Why don't you go rest and I'll leave the salve here for you when you wake up. Let me help you," Klaus said leading Tyler to his bunk bed. Like Marcel, Tyler got in face down and Klaus covered him with a sheet.Tyler's backside throbbed and burned deeply. He knew it wouldn't last, but right now he wasn't going to risk even one more swat, especially with that paddle.  Klaus put the paddle back in the drawer. -----------------*******Elijah had Henrik hop on his lap during the movie. One scene scared him. To other people, it probably looked odd, but as long as the boy was having fun, they didn't care.  The two groups met up in the lobby after the movie and then went to the Grill.  They were all a little concerned about how Henrik would take it but he was mostly fine. Near the end of the meal, Henrik got restless. Kol took him and Finn to the town square right by the grill. Kol sat on a bench and let them run around.  "Is this the village now?" Henrik asked him and Finn. "Henrik, the village where we used to live is houses and such. But aye, this is the same land. It is nice here, no?" Kol said slowly.  "Yes, it is different. I miss the animals. There are no pigs here. No goats. Where are all the animals?" Henrik said.  Finn answered, "There are animals in the wood, Henrik. We can still hunt. Right, Kol. We can hunt but just in different places." "Aye, we can hunt if that is what you wish to do. I never liked to hunt. Father always got so vexed with me for scaring away the game..." Kol recalled.  "I like to play more out here," Finn said tapping Henrik and running away so he would chase him.  "You're so good with them," Davina said from behind Kol, coming up on the bench.  "Thanks, luv. It is odd to have me older and youngest brother the same age and be 900 years in the past, but I'm grateful that we get the chance to do it over again," Kol smiled as she sat beside him.  "Elijah's paying the bill. They should be out in minute. You're lucky. I was an only child and there are what? Six, seven of you?" Davina went on."Seven. But remember, we thought Freya was dead. I met her in 1912, but I didn't know who she was. I'll tell you the truth. There are years when I've hated my siblings as much as I've loved them," Kol admitted.  "You mean because Klaus daggered you so much?" Davina asked moving closer.  "Darling, I lost myself for many centuries. I became wild, brutal, and dangerous. I wish I had met you sooner and maybe I would have been a better person for it. I can tell that you always do the right thing and stand up for people. Not everyone can say that, especially not me," Kol smiled, as their hands linked on the top of the bench.  "Oh my god! Henrik!" Davina shouted pointing as Henrik almost ran into the road. Finn was chasing him and a car was coming. Kol vamped over but he would not have been there in time.  Davina tried to stop the car. It veered up into the air and to the side and stopped harmlessly before stopping right before crashing into the Grill. Elijah, Freya, and Rebekah came out. "What happened?" Rebekah asked. Davina was running over panting.  Kol looked at Davina, "I wasn't going to make it in time. You saved his life."  "No," she panted, "I stopped it from crashing into the Grill. I think he stopped it from hitting him."  "Finn?" Elijah asked.  Davina pointed, "No, it was Henrik." They all looked at Henrik and he said, "I moved the big toy." Kol grabbed him and picked him up, "Well, I guess you are officially a witch now." Freya smiled, "The Bennett witch coven seems to get bigger every day."No one noticed Finn's face falling except Rebekah.  "Finn, it was an accident. Everything is okay," Rebekah said kneeling down.  "I almost chased him into that car. I should have known better," Finn cried.  Elijah now noticed his tears, "Finn, let's not let this spoil our day. It's okay. You were playing and lost track of your surroundings. Henrik is fine and may have discovered a new power." Finn nodded, "Sorry, Henrik."  Henrik was laughing at Kol spun him around, and didn't notice.  Rebekah went to see if she needed to compel the driver of the car or anyone in the Mystic Grill.  "Okay, enough excitement for one day. Time for home. Come on, everybody in the car," Elijah stated.  "Kol, can you help me a sec," Rebekah called as everyone piled in the car.  "Aye," Kol said handing Henrik off to Freya.  Rebekah had a stern look on her face.  "You were so wrapped up in flirting with Davina that you almost let Henrik get killed. What the bloody hell is wrong with you?" Rebekah blasted him. "Bex, I-," Kol started. "No, don't Bex me,  you just shut the hell up and listen. I don't know what you think you are up to, but you and Davina are not a thing. She is on the run from a coven of witches that want to kill her. She is too young to also add romance to that equation. Now, I don't care if you like it or not, but you need to stay the f. away from her," Rebekah said shoving him as she walked out the door.  "Just like you stayed away from Marcellus!" Kol called.  Rebekah froze in her tracks. It took everything in her not to vamp back and slap him across the face.  "Tell Elijah that I'm going to stay here and drink. I'll get a ride later. Good talk, little sister," Kol said going up to the bar and ordering a drink.  Rebekah pasted a fake smile on her face and got into the car. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Where's Kol?" Davina asked looking around when Rebekah got into the car.  "Oh, he's going to stay a bit longer. Elijah, Kol said he'd catch a ride later. We can go," Rebekah replied smiling as if nothing had happened.  "These boys need to take their baths and go to bed early tonight. It's been a long day," Freya commented from the passenger seat, smiling back at them.  Finn was upset and jealous of the attention Henrik got. Why had he chased him into the road? Was he trying to get rid of his own brother? He tried to remember him from before, and aside from his death and the subsequent events, he had very little memories of him left. Finn knew he was supposed to be older and that Henrik had been his youngest brother, but he didn't feel older anymore. He rested his head on the glass of the window and fell asleep before they got home.  "Someone's asleep," Rebekah whispered to Davina. She yawned, "I might be next. It has been a long weekend. I can't believe I have to go back to school Monday. Can I take a day off?"  "Absolutely not. Unless you are sick, you go," Elijah said firmly from the front. Rebekah made a face, but knew he was right.  "My mom never cared if I went or not," Davina pouted.  "Well, we care. Do you understand?" Elijah pressed. "Yeah, I get it. No skipping. Not that much even happens at the beginning of the year," Davina griped.  "Davina, you were the one who wanted to stay here to go to school remember? Plus, it's only Saturday," Rebekah said gently. "I know. I mean it was only a couple of weeks ago, of course I remember," Davina said sharply.  Elijah bit his lip and didn't say another word. This girl was clearly trying to argue with someone. It wasn't his place to set her straight. Rebekah and Marcel could deal with it. They drove in silence the rest of the way. -------------****Kol ordered his drink now sitting at the bar of the Grill. He wanted to just go home and hang out with Davina in the game room or just watch a movie. He should even be plotting the next move against the French Quarter coven witches with his brothers and Marcel, not sitting here stewing.  Did Rebekah realize that he had barely touched Davina? He did see Henrik running towards the road again and again in his head. No matter how fast he was, he wasn't as fast as that car. Rebekah was right about one thing, he should have watched Henrik better. The look on Finn's face bothered him a little. Was he jealous of Henrik? "Hey, long time, no see, right?" a voice to his right purred.  Kol turned.  "Vanessa, right? The teacher?" Kol asked, knowing exactly who she was. He wondered if she was full of vervain and looking to trap a hapless vampire. Why didn't this lady get a life? Her hunting exploits had already got her chained up in their basement one weekend before, though she was compelled to forget that little incident.  "Yeah, you remembered. Ah, aren't you a little young to be, ha, you know, sitting at the bar?" Vanessa laughed pointing at his drink.  "Oh, yeah, I guess. You know it's different in Europe so I guess I didn't think of it. Silly me," Kol muttered. He could compel any bartender to serve him, plus he had a fake ID. "So, you didn't enroll at MFHS this year?" Vanessa went on.  "No, some family things came up. How's it going with you? I think you gave my nephew Matt detention. He's in your class," Kol smiled. "Oh, Matt Donovan? He's your nephew?" Vanessa asked.  "Yeah, it's kind of a long story," Kol added. "Of course, it's been kind of an adjustment for me to go from college to high school. I might have been a little hard on him. Hope Matt didn't get in any trouble at home," Vanessa remarked. "Oh, he did. But that was his own fault," Kol preached. "Well, it's none of my business, but he apologized so beautifully to me the next Monday, I was almost in tears. So sincerely. It's funny but I had almost been really to throw in the towel and go back to research, but Matt encouraged me to keep at it, teaching that is," Vanessa said sipping on her apple martini.  "He's a good lad, mostly. Hold that thought, luv,...," Kol saw Matt and Jeremy stumble into the Grill.  "Is that Matthew? Are they wasted?" Vanessa asked horrified.  Kol looked out the window and saw the white truck that Matt had been driving.  "Excuse me, darling. I best see to them. They might be in a spot more trouble," Kol said getting up and walking over to the entrance.  "Uncle Kol!" Jeremy laughed, "What are you doing here?"  "Oh shit, is that Miss Monroe? Are you like on a date or something?" Matt snickered.  "Are you two pissed? For Christ's sake!" Kol sputtered, he could smell the beer on them. "No, why would we be mad? We're having a great night, man. We're alive!" Matt jabbered. "No dummy, he means drunk. Nah, we had a few beers at my old house, but please don't tell Alaric," Jeremy pleaded, starting to sober up. "Matt, did you bloody drive here like this?" Kol asked starting to get a headache. He really just wanted to find a lovely girl and sip off her slowly. He needed to feed. "It's not that far, really!" Matt said realizing what he just admitted. "Give me the keys! I'm driving you home. Hurry up, before I hide you myself right here," Kol barked.  Matt dug the keys out of his jacket and Kol snatched them and dragged them back out into the night. ----------------*****Kol pushed the two drunk boys through the garage door into the kitchen. Marcel was standing at the kitchen island talking to Klaus. Both had mugs of blood and they were looking at some kind of map.  "Hey, there you guys are. Late night," Marcel said enviously. After his "talk" with Klaus, he had slept and then worked around the house all day. He really had wanted to see that movie.  "Some of us had more fun than others, eh lads?" Kol said smacking both of them on the back of the head lightly.  "What happened?" Klaus said. He could hear the boys hearts beating fast. Kol fixed a hard glare on Matt, "Tell him, mate. I'm not going to do it."  Matt's face colored and he felt completely sober, "We-, I had a couple of beers and then drove over to the Grill."  "You, what?" Klaus said loudly.  "I'm sorry. I wasn't like drunk. It was all that...far," Matt stopped seeing the look on Klaus' face. "Dad, it was my fault. We were at my old house and we stole some of Alaric's beer from the downstairs fridge. I didn't think it was a big deal," Jeremy rambled.  Marcel and Kol looked at each other and went upstairs.  "Honestly, boys, I do not know what to say. If you wanted to have one or two beers and we thought you could handle it, you could do it here at home. However, Jeremy, with your substance abuse issues and Matt, with your family history, did this seem like a good idea? But it is the driving and the getting in the car with some drinking that is the problem," Klaus began.  "I think the two of you can forget about driving or going any place after school for the next month. And tomorrow, you can tell Alaric what you did. I'm sure he will be most disappointed," Klaus went on sternly. "Sorry," Jeremy said hanging his head.  Matt looked at him and said, "I'm sorry, too."  "Good. We'll talk about this more tomorrow. Go to bed," Klaus ordered. The boys looked at each other in surprise and started to turn around to leave.  "Wait!" Klaus said getting up. "Come here. I'm not angry at you, but disappointed in your actions. Okay? I mean it, though, one month- no car, no going out." Klaus hugged both of them at the same time. They had been through a lot yesterday, but this could have been just as deadly as the witch attack. -------------****"Where were you two?" Tyler said putting down his controller. He had been playing Call of Duty alone for the last few hours since everyone was gone.  "Ah, well, we had been getting fucked up at my old house on Alaric's beer when Matt here decides we should go to the Grill," Jeremy glowered. "Dude, it wasn't that far!" Matt snapped.  "So, we run smack into Uncle Kol at the Grill who had been sitting at the bar with Miss Monroe. The timing was just great," Jeremy said sarcastically.  "So now we're like grounded for a whole month and no driving. Oh, and we have to tell Alaric we drank his beer," Matt groused.  Tyler doubled up laughing, "The man is going to kill you. What the hell were you thinking?" "Clearly, we weren't," Jeremy scoffed going to brush his teeth.  "I think Jeremy is trying to get in Bonnie's pants and impress her. I was just happy to not be dead. Sue me," Matt said getting dressed for bed.  "So please tell me you two idiots are going to get the hell beat out of you because my ass was almost purple from being a fucking hero yesterday. Do you want to see?" Tyler said pulling down the back of his shorts. "No, I don't want to see. Dude, it looks...fine," Matt said looking at the small white area Tyler had revealed. "Really?" Tyler went to the mirror and pulled down one side of his shorts. As Matt said, his backside was completely white and healed. Was this his werewolf healing kicking in? He was about to test this theory with a knife when Elijah came to the door.  "Boys, I just wanted to say good night," Elijah said.  "Goodnight," Tyler said slipping the knife back into the drawer. "I heard you were drunk driving, Matthew, and you with him Jeremy," Elijah said quietly. Matt just nodded.  Elijah went over and cupped his face.  "You went through a traumatic experience yesterday. It can be hard to deal with things like that. We're here if you need to talk. Dealing with things with alcohol and drugs never seems to work out well," Elijah explained. "Honestly, Uncle Elijah. I feel like we were more celebrating being alive type of thing, rather than being messed up," Jeremy added honestly. "Alright. But driving inebriated is not thinking clearly. Listen to me, someone would have picked you up. I never want you to worry about getting in trouble when it is your life in danger. I promise you, if you are as drunk as a skunk, you call me any time and I will pick you up without saying a word. Okay? I care more about your lives than anything else," Elijah finished.  "Really? You wouldn't even bust our butts for being drunk?" Tyler asked skeptically.  "Tyler, I know we are hard on you boys sometimes, but it is all to keep you safe and growing into people you can be proud of. I mean it when I say you call and I will come if it comes down to you driving drunk or getting in the car with someone intoxicated, okay? I swear I wouldn't be angry with you, but proud that you did the right thing," Elijah said seriously.  "Thanks, Uncle Elijah. Hey, I'm sorry about earlier today. I should have listened the first time. I did, you know, what you told me to do," Tyler said referring to himself standing in the corner. He flushed recalling the experience.  Elijah put his arm around him.  "I'm really proud of you. I know that wasn't easy. I wish you could have come out with us today, but I know your father wanted to talk to you. What comes next may be hard, but we will all be here for you," Elijah said tilting his head down a little.  "Oh, Dad did plenty of talking all right. I think my curse is triggered all right because I think I'm healing fast already," Tyler said.  Elijah was interested, "Really, I didn't think that happened until the first first moon. However, Tyler, there is a lot we don't know about werewolves. Niklaus only turned once and wolves are very secretive. They typically only communicate with their pack once they turn." "Will I have a pack?" Tyler asked. "We'll be your pack," Elijah smiled.  Matt howled from the bathroom. Jeremy scoffed, "He still might be drunk. Ignore him." "Goodnight, Matt. Jeremy, we'll do something soon," Elijah said letting go of Tyler and patting him on the back.  "Now to bed," Elijah said leaving.  Jeremy asked, "What did he tell you to do?"  Tyler groaned in shame,"Don't ask."-------------------****The next morning in the war room meeting, Klaus shared that he had talked to Mikael and the Strix didn't know anything about the attack. The New Orleans' witches did not seem behind it either. Alaric, Damon, and Bonnie joined. Marcel was pacing and the rest of the Originals were sitting on the couches in Klaus' study.   They told Bonnie about Henrik's power and they decided to induct Davina and him into the Bennett coven that night. Bonnie wasn't sure even with all that power, they they would have enough to break the Sun and the Moon curse. They still needed a vampire and werewolf that had to die. With the surplus of Elena's mystical blood, they thought that that was enough. "So Elena doesn't have to die for this curse to be broken?" Damon asked. "We don't think so," Elijah added. "Good, because she is not going to," Damon snarked.  "Damon, she is part of this family. We protect her, we would never harm her. Now, Katerina Petrova, on the other hand..." Klaus added. Elijah looked up. Kater "Klaus, you can do whatever you want with Katherine, but Elena..." Damon drifted off.  "Damon, we know, please don't concern yourself with this any longer. And Katerina is long in the wind," Elijah said gripping his shoulder in support.  Bonnie cut in,"After tonight, we can start preparing more for the spell. The problem is that we won't know if it works until the night of the full moon. There is a celestial event that night that we can also draw power from, I'm just not sure that it is enough. This was one of the most powerful curses." "Could we suppress Tyler's werewolf side, like our Mother did for Niklaus?" Elijah threw out.  Freya answered, "I don't think so. That spell was for an Original vampire. That immortality spell needs the white oak ash and a greater amount of power than any of us could possess."  "Very well. We shall try to break the curse and make Tyler a hybrid.  Is it possible that Celeste was acting on her own? Trying to sacrifice Davina for her own dark purposes?" Klaus wondered aloud.  Marcel thought for a second, "Anything is possible. I have my guys rousing the witches in the cauldron now for intel. Also, Thierry is going out with a witch and she slips him information from time to time. We'll know soon enough." "Alaric, Damon, any word on the hunters? Kol said that Miss Monroe has been hanging around the grill," Elijah asked.  "No, the council has been quiet. If they have anything planned, they are keeping it from the Mayor and ourselves, Alaric answered.  "Good. Mikael asked me to call him back. Let's reconvene next week. As always thank you for coming. Alaric, ready to call those petty beer thieves in?" Klaus said getting up.  Rebekah muttered, "Odd to hear you calling back Mikael. Dear old dad!" "Yes, I am," Alaric said also standing.  "Kol, want to stay?" Klaus asked. "After all, you are the one who saved the day here, brother." Klaus clapped him on the back.  "Ah, no thanks, Nik. I need to catch Bex about something," Kol said leaving. --------****Rebekah was already waiting for him outside the study alone. "Kol, I shouldn't have said that about Henrik. That was cruel," Rebekah said pushing back her long, blond locks.  "No, Bex. You were right. We could have lost him again. I need to do better," Kol confessed looking down at her. She shook her head, as he went on,"But about the other thing, I've never touched her. I wouldn't. I know she is young, Rebekah. I just have never felt like this with someone. When I'm with her, I feel like I like myself. Just being around her makes me happy, I don't need anymore. I swear to you, I can wait. Do you trust me?" Kol said holding her arms. "Of course, I do. But you understand that I have to protect her? If you hurt her...," Rebekah threatened.  "I won't. I promise. Just let me be her friend. If she wants to go out with other guys or friends and have a normal life, I won't stop her. I promise," Kol vowed.  Rebekah didn't answer, she nodded and let him hug her._____________****Matt and Jeremy trudged down to the study reluctantly. They knew they had to face Alaric. Matt couldn't help but recall the awful smacking he had received from him for trying to shoot Damon. Matt really had no idea how hard that man's hand was. "Boys, come now. I think you have something to say to Alaric," Klaus said. "We shouldn't have helped ourselves to your beer. Sorry. It was an abuse of your trust and if you don't want us back, that's okay," Jeremy mumbled. "Hey, first of all, buddy. That is always your house. I'm your uncle now and I always want you guys around. I am hurt that you stole from me and snuck around. Secondly, the beer isn't what bothers me, it's the...," Alaric stopped and looked at Matt.  "The drunk driving. It was really stupid. I wasn't thinking straight. If you need to punish me, I'll take it this time without complaining. I swear," Matt said flushing hotly.  "Matt, I'm going to tell you guys about something that happened to me. Why don't you have a seat," Alaric said. Klaus excused himself to make that phone call.  "So, my cousin and I were about your age, maybe a little older and he was visiting me at my college. And just like you, we were with the guys, had a couple of beers and then got in the car to go to another party. My cousin didn't think he was trashed, he could walk straight, he wasn't slurring. Seemed fine. But guys, he wasn't fine," Alaric stopped and grabbed his bottle of water.  "Uncle Alaric, you don't have to tell us if it is too much," Jeremy said. "No, I'm okay. So we're driving, you know how it is, blasting the music, laughing, talking about girls, and bam! My cousin hit an old man crossing the street. Just like that. We freaked out. We didn't know what to do. We were all good kids..." Alaric paused.  "Oh god, is this going to turn out to be like 'I Know What You Did Last Summer?'" Matt asked in awe. "No, we called the police. My uncle was a lawyer and they came out. My cousin got arrested. The old man was injured, pretty bad, but didn't die. It turns out he was homeless, a veteran. He ended up in a hospital and my cousin got probation," Alaric ended.  "So it kind of turned out okay?" Jeremy asked.  "No, not really. Because though my uncle got my cousin off with a slap on the wrist, we had to live with what we did. That old man, a hero to this country, was hurt, because we didn't feel like staying home and getting drunk. My cousin ended up having a tough couple of years. What I'm saying guys, is that the consequences can be worse than losing your car keys for a month," Alaric ended. Neither boy knew what to say.  After a short silence, Alaric said, "Guys, I know this is heavy. Next time, call someone or just don't get in the car. There are going to be other times that stuff like this happens. When you are young, you feel indestructible, like you are going to live forever. I hate to break it, though, we ain't Originals. And even they have to live with the consequences of what they do." "So, are we in trouble with you?" Matt dared to ask.  "Yes, since you are already grounded,  I think a paper from each of you should do the trick. Matt, you do drunk driving and the dangers. Jer, how about alcohol abuse? 1000 words, cite your sources, no mistakes. You can use the library at school during your study hall," Alaric smiled.  Jeremy wanted to groan, but he couldn't stop thinking of the story about the old man. Matt felt overwhelmed as writing wasn't easy for him. "Matt, you can do this. You know if you need help, stop by my classroom, but I want these papers by next Monday," Alaric pronounced.  "What if we can't get it done in that time?" Matt asked.  "Oh Klaus assured me that you would have them finished early," Alaric said getting up.  "Guys, I wish I could go back in time and stop my cousin. It was my idea to head to the next party. But I can't. Now, he's a lawyer, like his dad specializing in DUIs. He actually makes about 10x more money than I do, but he doesn't get to inspire like I do," Alaric said smiling.  "Yeah, we're real inspired here!" Jeremy quipped.  "Good. Best get to it, guys. No slacking. Now I have to get back to Jenna. She knows nothing about this, so please don't tell her," Alaric cautioned.  "We won't. Hey, thanks Uncle Alaric. Again, sorry about this whole thing," Jeremy repeated.  "Part of growing up, I guess. Hope you two don't make as many dumb mistakes as I did," Alaric smiled.  "I feel like there are more stories here," Matt predicted.  "Oh, you have no idea!" Alaric admitted guiding them out of the office. --------------****"Niklaus, I have been troubled by something Finn said to me earlier when I spoke to him," Mikael said speaking from Cern.  "Oh?" Klaus said. "He mentioned that everyone likes Henrik better than him and he almost did something bad," Mikael shared.  "They were playing and he almost chased Henrik into an oncoming car. We thought it was an accident," Klaus admitted.  "Oh my, I'm not sure that was an accident. I think Finn is becoming very jealous. I thought it was a stage, but he almost had a pathological envy of how the rest of you got along. I'm not sure you should leave them alone together," Mikael cautioned.  "Father, I must go. I left them alone in the bath..." Klaus said hanging up quickly and vamping to the bathroom. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Klaus vamped up to the bathroom to find the boys playing in the tub again. Freya was looking for through the large hall cupboard for something.  "Brother, what in the world? I'm right here. They are fine," she stated looking at him quizzically.  "Oh, ah nothing. I'll fill you in later. I just panicked a little, I guess," Klaus said, not quite out of breath, but still shaken.  "Okay, I'm just looking for more washcloths. We had a bunch of them and I can't find a single one. I'll be in in a moment to wash their hair," Freya said going back to the closet.  "Sure," Klaus said going in to sit with them.  "Hello, gentlemen," he smiled, relieved that no one was injured. He quickly texted Mikael that everything was fine and he would talk to him later. The odd fact that he was chatting so easily with Mikael didn't escape him.  "Look Nik!" Finn said showing him a trick with the toy boat.  "Cool move, buddy," Klaus said watching them carefully. Henrik seemed calm and happy. If anything happened to him again, he could not deal with it. "Finn, tell me what happened yesterday," Klaus said slowly.  "With the accident? Henrik almost died," Finn said playing with the boy. "Yes, but I want to hear from you," Klaus said more firmly.  "Nik! I just want everyone to like me. He is always around. I just thought...," Finn drifted.  "What? Tell me. I promise I will not get angry with you if you tell me the truth," Klaus said, knowing that he had to honor this, but he had to know the truth. "I saw the car, but I did not stop him. Nik, I did not mean it. Then, he saved himself," Finn confessed.  Freya came in, sensing the mood, she asked, "What's going on?"  Klaus repeated Finn's words, she looked horrified.  "Freya, I told him if he told the truth, we wouldn't be angry with him," Klaus said evenly.  "Finn, Henrik is our brother. You must protect him, always and forever. And brother, in this family, that can be a very long time," Klaus said kneeling down and taking his soapy hand. He then grabbed Henrik's hand. Freya knelt down, too.  "We are all we have. Do you understand? We don't love him anymore than we love you. I mean that," Klaus pledged.  "But Nik, in my dreams, I remember being in that darkness for ages and ages. No one came for me. You never came back. It was dark and cold, so cold..." Finn drifted off.  "Forgive me, Finn. Please if I can take that away from you, I would. I am so sorry, I didn't know," Klaus said now bringing the boys' hands to his lips to kiss them. Freya said tears slipping down Klaus' face and her own. "We must move on. No more of past ills. Do you hear me? We can't rewrite the past. All we can do is make new memories for the future, together, always and forever, no more hurting one another," Freya insisted.  "Indeed, sister," Klaus said grabbing her hand also.  "No go, I have to wash their hair!" Freya smiled, "And Brother, I mean it, move on."  Klaus nodded and walked out.--------------****Kol was playing an arcade machine in the game room. He first started coming up here because of Davina but found himself getting into the games. Of course, he had played darts and billiards, or what they called pool now, but the video machines were new to him. Tyler often challenged him to video games down in the boys' room and with his fast reflexes, he was pretty good.  "Here you are. I was starting to think you were avoiding me," Davina smiled.  "Darling, I would never avoid you, but we should have a chat," Kol said letting himself die in the game.  "Did I do something wrong?" Davina asked seeing the look on his face. "No, of course not. It's just I can't deny how I feel about you. I won't even try. But it's not right. I was born 1000 years ago. You were born what? No, I can't even think of it," Kol admitted.  "Kol, you were turned at what 17? I'm 16, almost 17. That means we are the same age. It's okay," Davina argued going to touch his arm.  Kol pulled back his arm. "Luv, aye, I was probably 17, I don't even rightly know exactly how, but the point is, I have all the time in the world. You can go live a normal life, get married, have a family. You can't do those things with me. I'll always look like this," Kol announced holding out his hands.  "Kol, I don't care about that. I just want you. I feel like I've always known you. When we're together...I know you feel it, too. I can see it in your eyes. Who put you up to this Marcel?" Davina accused.  "No, it wasn't Marcel or anyone," Kol insisted.  "Kol, you're lying to me. It was...Rebekah. That's why she left you at the Grill, because of me," Davina cried.  "Davina, please, let's just step back here. Your life is still in danger. Even if Celeste was working alone, the French Quarter witches still want to complete the reaping. Please, don't do this," Kol begged.  The mansion started shaking and glass shattering. Davina took off and slammed the door.  "Bollocks!" Kol cussed as he heard more rumbling.-----------****"What the bloody hell is that?" Rebekah said to Marcel. They were in bed watching tv.  Marcel vamped up and looked out the door. "Are there earthquakes in Mystic Falls?" Marcel asked seeing cracks in the walls of the third floor that housed their quarters, Davina's room, an art studio, and the game room. "No, where is Davina?" Rebekah asked joining him.  "She's supposed to be sleeping, but she ain't in there," Marcel said looking in her room.  "I'm right here," Davina said coming out of the game room.  "I thought you were in bed. What happened?" Rebekah said.  "I talked to Kol. I suppose you told him to stay away from me," Davina sneered. "Davina, we can talk about this tomorrow. You have school tomorrow," Rebekah said. Kol came out of the game room looking helpless.  Marcel said to Kol, "Is this all about you?" "Marcellus, I talked to her. I'm going to see if everyone downstairs is alright. It sounded like a bloody earthquake," Kol said going to the second floor.  "D., I can tell you are upset. I don't know what is going on with Kol, but we can talk about it later. It's late and you have school tomorrow. Come on, I'll help get you settled," Marcel pleaded. "No, I'm not going until I hear what you told Kol!" Davina said to Rebekah.  "Davina, you are young. The witches are after you. We need to focus on keeping you safe," Rebekah said gently.  "I can keep myself safe. This is bull. Kol is my friend. We've never touched each other. You had no right!" Davina screamed.  "D., keep it down. You are going to wake up the whole house. Now, let's go to bed and we'll talk about this calmly tomorrow," Marcel promised.  "I'm sorry, Davina. I can see you like him. But I don't want you to get hurt," Rebekah added. "Too damn late. You can go to hell," Davina screamed, turning on her heels and stomping into her room.  "That's it!" Marcel said going after her. "No, Marcel. Let her go, she's upset. Maybe I shouldn't have interfered," Rebekah said second guessing herself.  "No, sweetheart, no one talks to you that way. No go take a bath or go downstairs for a while," Marcel said kissing her on the lips.  "Marcel, don't-" she tried again. But Marcel was already headed to Davina's room. -------------*****Elijah heard a loud sound and thought it was thunder at first. He checked in on the boys and they were all sleeping still. It sounded like it was coming from upstairs.  "That was Davina getting angry and losing her temper if you were wondering," Kol said in a low tone.  "What the devil happened?" Elijah saw looking up to see if there were cracks in the ceiling. He didn't see any. "Bex told me to back off and I tried to tell Davina that you know I was too old. I didn't say that Rebekah had said anything to me, but by the sounds of the argument upstairs, I'd say she caught on to exactly what happened," Kol cringed.  "Oh Kol, it sounds like a soap opera," Elijah said hearing Davina yell.  They saw Rebekah come down the staircase next. "I'm sorry if you heard that. She got totally out of control and gave me quite the telling off," Rebekah said coming to join them. She was smiling though she was clearly upset.  "Is Marcel talking to her now?" Elijah asked.  "Oh Elijah, I don't know what he is doing. She told me to go to hell. I'm sorry. I don't mean to drag you two into this. Kol, I don't know what to say," Rebekah said as Elijah put his arm around her.  "Sister, I know everything you said and did was for her own good. Why don't we go downstairs and watch a movie. A chick flick, hmm. You pick," Kol said glancing upstairs. He wanted to go up and rescue Davina, but he knew Marcel also had her best interest in mind. -----------****"Young lady, you do one spell on me and I will spank you again right before you go to school. I'm serious. Got me?" Marcel said to Davina, who was still fuming.  "I'm getting a spanking? Are you serious? For what? This is ridiculous," Davina screeched.  "You are totally out of line," Marcel said vamping over and grabbing her by the arm. "Fuck off!" Davina screamed.  Smack! Marcel swatted her firmly right over her sleep pants. "Ouch! No!" Davina wailed trying to protect her backside with her hand. Marcel said down on her bed, still grabbing her arm. Davina tried to squirm away. "Maybe we can have a calmer conversation when you are over my knee, D.?" Marcel said easily flipping her over his lap and applying two more hard smacks on the seat of her pants. Crack! Crack! "Are you ready to talk?" Marcel said whacking her thighs hard.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! "About what? How you are a jerk?" Davina yelled.  "Okay, I guess we gotta do this the hard way," Marcel said, pulling the elastic band of her cotton p.j.s down. She struggled. "Stop fighting me or I'm going to march you over to the game room and get a wooden paddle. Lift up so I can take down your pants," Marcel demanded. He finally slid down her p.j.s to her knees. Her thighs looked untouched. Marcel spanked her over her white cotton underwear three more times right in the center of her backside. Whack! Whack! Whack! "Okay, I get it. Stop," Davina demanded trying to throw her hands back before Marcel gripped her hands.  "Behave yourself! I don't think we are there yet," Marcel decided. He begin spanking her on each cheek five times in a row at a time. Davina began kicking and trying to rock her hips from side to side. Marcel clamped his left arm over her back to pull her in tighter to apply a hard series of smacks to the area right below her underwear. As soon as he swatted her bare thighs, Davina began to cry softly and kick out her legs anger. She was trying to get off his lap, but his arm was preventing her from moving. Swat! Swat! Swat! Swat! "You want to tell me why you are here, D.?" Marcel said bringing his hand down over her rear end in a random pattern.  "I don't know," Davina sobbed. Spank. Spank. Spank. Marcel started to see a light pink under her white underwear. She was stubborn. He peppered her behind one more time all over and stopped. "Davina, I know you are angry, but you can't talk to Rebekah like that. I won't allow it. I'm not sure what is happening with Kol, but if you are not mature enough to even discuss it, then that is not a good sign," Marcel reported. All her heard was her quiet crying. "Can we talk now?" Marcel said. "Yeah," Davina whispered.  "I'm going to let you up. Now don't turn me into a frog or anything," Marcel smiled.  He stood her up slowly in front of him. Her hands went to her warm backside. This spanking was not nearly as firm as the first two she had gotten, but she was so much more upset this time over the circumstances. Marcel went to tug up her pants and Davina whined and sobbed.  "D., believe me, I didn't want to do that, but you deserved it. Now, do you need a round with that paddle or can you talk to me about what's been going on?" Marcel asked calmly.  "No, please. No paddle. I'm sorry. It's just that I like him so much. I want to be with him," Davina cried, still rubbing her backside.  "Kol? Honey, he's so much older," Marcel said wiping away her tears with his handkerchief.  "How much older is Rebekah than you?" Davina asked with mock innocence.  "Whoa, do you want another spanking? Because I can have you over my knee again before you can blink. I'm warning you, you are testing my patience," Marcel said sternly.  "I'm sorry, Marcel. I don't mean to take it out on you. I can't help how I feel. I thought you would understand that," Davina whined.  "Come here, D.," Marcel pulled her into a hug as she cried into his shoulder.  "You're not crying over that little spankin' I gave you, are you? You really love him?" Marcel asked knowingly.  "I love him and I know he loves me," Davina wept.  "Okay, I promise you, if this is real, then I will support you 100% even if I don't agree. Kol and I have had our ups and downs. But he is not the same Kol I used to know, I'll admit that he has changed for the better, maybe you do bring that out in him. However, the reason I spanked you is the disrespect towards Rebekah and your out of control behavior. I agree we can't always pick who we love, but doesn't mean you can act the fool, okay?" Marcel said holding her on his lap.  "I'll apologize to Rebekah. But you'll talk to her about Kol and me? Please, Marcel...Pretty please," Davina begged. "I really didn't spank you hard enough at all, did I?" Marcel laughed.  "Yes, you did. It...stung, just not as much as that hairbrush, but I learned my lesson! Just please talk to her for me about him. We won't do anything. We just want to be allowed to be friends, that's it friends," Davina went on in a rush of excitement  "You can make up with Rebekah tomorrow because it is late. We'll talk about you and your 'friend' later. And god, if you messed up this house with your tantrum, you are facing Klaus yourself. Do you understand?" Marcel asked.  "Yes, thank you, Marcel. I love you," Davina smiled. "I love you, too, D. I have a feeling you are going to be the death of me," Marcel grinned back.  "Hey, you're immortal," Davina quipped.  "Yeah, yeah, now go to sleep because you are going to school bright and early," Marcel said softly.  
  
    Chapter Text
    "It says here that 'The Sun and Moon Curse was said to be an ancient Aztec curse that a shaman cast 1000 years ago on vampires and werewolves. It decreed that werewolves could only turn into a werewolf on a full moon, and the vampires would be weakened by the sun. This made the werewolves 'servants of the moon' and the vampires 'slaves to the sun,'" Bonnie read from the book.  "Does it say anything about breaking the curse?" Jeremy asked looking at his cellphone as it buzzed.  "Yeah, later on. What? Do you have to go?" Bonnie said looking up at him from the large, old tome she was reading from.  "Shit, yeah. Sorry, Bon. I gotta go. I'm late. And grounded...," Jeremy remarked cringing at the time. "Dude, it's only 4 pm. What time were you supposed to be home?" Bonnie asked. "Right after school," Jeremy muttered gathering his stuff and shoving it in his backpack haphazardly.  "That's okay. Go, I'll let you know what I find here late," Bonnie assured him.  "Thanks!" Jeremy said running out of the library. He didn't hear the librarian tell him to slow down.  Elijah was waiting in the SUV right outside the library. Jeremy saw the vehicle and gulped. He opened the door and threw his backpack in. "Uncle Elijah, sorry. I was ah, doing research for the drunk driving paper for Alaric. How'd you find me?" Jeremy asked.  "Tracking device on the mobile phone. You know that. Jeremy, you know you are to let us know where you are going. Your father instructed you to come directly home after school. Tyler, Matt, and Davina had no idea where you were either. Tyler waited for you in the school parking lot. Not only is that inconsiderate, it is...," Elijah started. Bonnie was suddenly knocking at the window.  "Jeremy, you forgot your phone!" Bonnie said handing it to him as he rolled down the window. "Oh, thanks, Bon," Jeremy said nervously. "Hello, Miss Bennett, what are you doing here?" Elijah smiled. "Oh, Jeremy was just helping me do the research for the Sun and the Moon curse. I think I may need to contact my cousin Lucy for more information.I'm not finding out a whole lot from the library. Well, thanks for your help Jeremy. Hope I didn't get you in any trouble," Bonnie said sensing the tension in the car.  "Oh, my dear, you did not get Jeremy in any trouble...Thank you. We'll be in touch," Elijah said smiling. "I got myself in trouble, didn't I?" Jeremy muttered as soon as they drove away.  "Did you just lie to me about what you were doing at the library?" Elijah asked watching the road, but quickly glancing at Jeremy.  Jeremy started to lie and say no, but then realized he was busted.  "Yes, Bonnie asked me to go to the library with her after school. I kind of forgot about everything else because I wanted to hang out with her," Jeremy answered lamely. "So you didn't work on your paper for Alaric?" Elijah prompted. "No, sir. But we did look into the Sun and Moon curse for Tyler! I was trying to help the damn family!" Jeremy said thinking this was a decent defense.  "First of all, watch your language unless you want a mouth soaping as soon as we get home. Secondly, your father and I made that rumor up a thousand years ago and spread it all around to throw other supernaturals off the trail. I didn't have the heart to tell Bonnie she had been wasting her time. The key has always been doppelgängers, ones like your sister Elena. We'll have to fill in Bonnie, but in the meantime...," Elijah pondered. "Am I grounded longer?" Jeremy asked glumly. "No, I think one month of this grounding business is about all we can all handle," Elijah decided.  Jeremy nodded and looked out the window. He felt his face grow hot and his stomach dropped at the prospect of the night ahead of him.  Elijah saw his distress and reached over to pat his leg. "It's going to be okay," Elijah stated softly. "We'll talk tonight more about it, before you go to bed. I want you to get all of your homework done and make some progress on Alaric's paper." Jeremy replied, "Okay." When they got home and came into the kitchen, Tyler ripped into Jeremy,"Dude, where were you? We waited like 20 minutes." "Sorry, man. I was with Bonnie," Jeremy started getting something to drink.  "That's nice. Maybe you have have fun walking home tomorrow? Because we're not waiting for you again," Tyler growled.  "Tyler, you can lay off him for now. He said he was sorry," Elijah cautioned.  "Well, I hope he is a little sorrier later tonight," Tyler scoffed.  "Tyler, we'll take care of it. I understand you are upset, but unless you want to join me now for a little chat in my study I suggest you stop," Elijah warned.  Tyler put his hands up, "He screws up, but I'm the one who gets in trouble. Typical."  Elijah was losing his patience and fighting to stay calm, when Kol came in.  "Hey mate, let's go work out yeah? Come on, I'll spar with you. It's been a while. Just let me get a blood bag," Kol said looking at Elijah.  "Fine, Kol. Take him and get him settled down, or I will," Elijah said sternly.  Kol grabbed Tyler's arm and half dragged him down to the basement level with the weight room.  "Why didn't you drag Gilbert down here too so I can kick his ass?" Tyler seethed.  "Are you really that bent about waiting for a few minutes? Bloody hell, I've waiting in a coffin for like 100 years to be let out by my brother," Kol joked.  "Yeah, but weren't you unconscious?" Tyler argued.  "Aye, but seriously, mate. If you're trying to get a beatin', I can give you one right now. Put the gloves on," Kol said throwing boxing gloves at Tyler.  "Fine. I might whoop your ass though. Don't go easy on me, my supernatural healing already kicked in," Tyler bragged.  "How do you know?" Kol asked, fixing his gloves and helping Tyler with his.  "Ah, well," Tyler stammered realizing he had walking into this one. "Oh, let me guess, your sore arse healed quickly? If we could go a fortnight around here without someone getting thrashed, it would be a bleedin' miracle. Now, let's go, tough guy," Kol said throwing the first punch.  After a few minutes, Tyler eventually started to focus his aggression into the fight. Soon, he stopped wanted to beat Jeremy to a pulp and started to tire out.-------------****Davina had felt bad all day. She woke up late and hadn't talked to Rebekah in the morning like she had told Marcel she would do.  "Rebekah, can I talk to you?" Davina said coming into her quarters. Rebekah was organizing her drawers and putting clothes into piles.  "Hi, of course, how was school?" Rebekah smiled.  "Not so good. I felt bad. About last night, about what I said to you. I didn't mean it," Davina said.  "Hey, hey, shh, it's okay. I know you were angry," Rebekah said hugging her, "I know you love him. I love him, too. He's my brother."  "You're not mad at me?" Davina asked surprised. Her own mother had been cold and unforgiving. There were days she refused to even acknowledge Davina, when she annoyed her.  "No, I have been you. But I loved Marcel for many years in secret. Nik never approved of any man I ever liked. He actually used to kill them if he found out and pop the dagger into me if I carried on about it. But with Marcel, his Marcellus, Niklaus couldn't kill him or dagger him. I did get the dagger for 52 years over it and when I awoke, he was a vampire. You see, our love story has also been full of pain. I didn't want that for you. I still don't, but I should have known that I can't do to you what Nik did to me," Rebekah said with tears dripping down her face.  "Rebekah, it's different with Kol. We're just friends now. I know I am young. He will wait. All I want is to be able to be his friend. I need him and he needs me. I think you can see that," Davina insisted.  "I can. I want you to come to me if you need to talk. You can see that getting angry around here gets you no where except a sore backside," Rebekah started.  "Yes, Marcel made that clear. Say, did Klaus notice the crack in this wall yet?" Davina asked indicating the hallway. "Ah, yes. He wasn't too happy. But I assured him that it wouldn't happen again, right?" Rebekah said gently elbowing Davina.  "It won't. I swear. Thank you for everything. I don't know what I would do without you," Davina said laying her head on Rebekah's shoulder.  "You won't have to find out. Here's some clothes I thought that might fit you. Want to try them on?" Rebekah offered.-------------****
Freya stood at the stove listening to Matt read back his drunk driving report aloud to her.  "Matt, I think it sounds really good. I mean, I'm probably not the most academic person here, but I like it. I learned a lot just listening to it," Freya said stirring her sauce. "You and me both. I actually don't mind doing this paper on drunk driving. It's funny but when I'm a cop, I hope I can help stop this this and maybe save lives. God, though, I can't believe I was so stupid to drive to the Grill that day," Matt admitted.  "Matt, you were lucky that nothing bad happened, but I think the important thing is that you don't do it again. Because if you do..., I'm going to break out my big spoon and give you a taste of Aunt Freya's medicine, okay? And it's not going to be getting grounded," Freya said tasting her sauce.  "That sounds worse than anything. Sauce is good. I'm starving," Matt said after she had him taste it.  "Can you go in there and watch the boys? I think they are wrestling again and I want to get dinner ready. Thanks," Freya said putting the garlic bread in.  Matt went into the great room and played with the boys until Finn got bumped a little and started crying.  "You're fine, little dude. Come on, walk it off," Matt said. Although the boys looked about 12, they acted much younger. Sometimes their babyish ways got on Matt's nerves, but he knew they had been through a lot. ---------------***Klaus and Marcel were discussing strategy in Elijah's study when Elijah walked in.  "What? No one's drinking. This is a first," Elijah said heavily. "What ails thee, brother? Did you pick up Jeremy?" Klaus said pouring them all drinks.  "Oh, yes, he was with Bonnie researching the Sun and Moon curse that we fabricated and spread all those years ago," Elijah mentioned.  "What, you made it up?" Marcel was confused.  "Well, wanted to throw other supernaturals off the track of the doppelgänger, so we made up some lies and spread them in South America, Europe, Africa. We will need to tell Bonnie the truth if we want to break the curse before Tyler turns this month," Klaus replied.  "Tyler was ready to rip off Jeremy's head for making them wait for him at school. He did breaking his grounding and go to the library with fair Bonnie without telling anyone, but Tyler seemed enraged. Kol took him down to the weight room to spar with him. Maybe that will help?" Elijah shared.  "Shall I deal with Jeremy? He was supposed to come home right after school, grounded or not?" Klaus frowned.  "No, I told him I would chat with him before bed tonight. He lied to me in the car and said he was doing Alaric's report, then Bonnie came to the window to return his phone and said he was helping her. As always, the truth seems to spill out," Elijah chuckled.  "Speaking of, I did have my own little chat with Davina last night. Sorry about that little fit, I did warm up her butt for her after. We decided to let her and Kol 'be friends' and take it slow. Kol's been good for her and I feel like she had been good for him, so we'll see how it goes," Marcel reported. "Son, you actually spanked the Harvest witch? I must say I really thought you and my sister would spoil her rotten," Klaus said surprised and glancing at Elijah.  Marcel admitted, "I went easy on her, but after she told Rebekah to go to hell, I figured she was asking for it. It's...harder than I thought it would be. As soon as she started crying, I couldn't go on. I mean, this was the second time, but it wasn't any easier."  Elijah patted him on the shoulder, "She is lucky to have you two caring about her. You know we are here for you if you need anything, even just to talk. It doesn't really get easier. I hate to tell you."  Marcel nodded and realized that they felt for him what he felt for Davina last night and he was touched. He couldn't respond, so just nodded. ---------------****After dinner, Elijah pulled Jeremy aside and told him to get ready for bed and meet him in Elijah's quarters. Jeremy knew what that meant. He saw Tyler watching him and felt even more embarrassed.  All the kids were helping with the dishes tonight, some nights the adults did everything, but they were in the office talking. Kol was drying dishes with Davina by the sink. They were laughing and she was hitting him with her dish towel. Jeremy figured he would swallow his pride and just get it out now as Matt and Tyler were clearing plates from the large dining room. "Hey guys, sorry again about today. Tyler, you're right, I should have let you guys know I was going with Bonnie, but I guess I would afraid someone would try to stop me-" Jeremy begun. "Ah, because we are grounded?" Matt said loudly. "Yeah, I wanted to go with her," Jeremy admitted. "Can you guys handle this? Uncle Elijah wants to um, see me, so..." Tyler looked at Jeremy's pitiful expression and forgave him.  "Jer, it's fine. You know me, I just don't like waiting. Sorry, I was a jerk, too. Uncle Elijah said Bonnie was trying to help look up the curse for me," Tyler prodded.  "Yeah, she was. We good?" Jeremy asked and they nodded.  "Good luck, man," Matt said watching Jeremy trudge upstairs. Sometimes Matt thought Jeremy was a brat. He just expected to get his own way. Matt remembered being jealous of how much Mrs. Gilbert always doted on her kids. Matt realized that he was glad he was never that entitled, because he now appreciated what he got more. He was happy to get something nice or extra, but he really didn't expect it. Jeremy just tended to do what he wanted with no thoughts for others.  Tyler had also been indulged, but he wasn't as babied as Jeremy had been, making him a little tougher. ------------------****When Elijah finally came up after his meeting, Jeremy was passed out on the couch in his quarters asleep, although it was only 9 pm. He didn't have the heart to wake him up, but Jeremy stirred and opened his eyes.  "Sorry, I didn't mean to fall asleep," Jeremy said rubbing his eyes.  "It's okay. I really think that you boys never get enough sleep, which is why you are all sometimes so cranky," Elijah said rolling up his sleeves.  "I'm sorry," Jeremy whispered sitting up.  "About what, Jeremy?" Elijah said going over to get a straight back chair along the wall and moving it near the coffee table.  "Everything. Not coming home, lying, making them wait. I guess it's no secret that I like Bonnie. I just dropped everyone when she asked me to go with her," Jeremy admitted.  "Tyler said you talked to him.  He won't admit it, but he was worried about you when you didn't show up after school today. You have all been through a lot this year and had a lot of losses. But you need to punished, don't you?" Elijah said sitting down on the armless wooden chair.  "I guess, Uncle Elijah. Can't I bend over the couch or something?" Jeremy said. He had no hope of getting out of his spanking, but thinking that if he could take it like a man, it wouldn't be so bad. "I think not. But you can come here and stand in front of me," Elijah said waiting for him to drag his feet over.  "Please, not over your lap! It's too embarrassing. I'm too old for that kind of thing! Come on, I can take it bent over, I mean it," Jeremy belted out in a panicked plea. Jeremy was trembling a little. He couldn't help it. He had an oversized t-shirt on and basketball shorts on that he slept in. Elijah went to the waistband of his shorts and briefs and pulled them down to his knees. Jeremy panicked and tried to hold up his pants for a second. "That is going to get your behind spanked again tomorrow morning before school. Hands at your side. Don't fight me," Elijah warned. Jeremy's eyes filled with tears as Elijah pulled down his shorts and briefs to his ankles and ordered him to step out of them.  "Bend over my lap, you can hold on to the chair rung," Elijah directed as he was flipped over Elijah's lap. He gripped the wooden rungs and his feet were touching the ground.  Elijah flipped up his t-shirt a bit so as to expose his whole backside. Jeremy squeezed his eyes shut in horror to be in this awful position, he felt cool air on his rear.  "I'm going to do something different. You're going to get twice your age in spanks in two sets. But I want you to count. You mess up the count and we start from the beginning. After each swat, you think about how you broke your grounding, worried your family, and lied. I also expect you to keep your hands on the rung of the chair," Elijah said sternly. "Yes, sir," Jeremy asked staring at the plush carpet and feeling it dig in his toes.  "Ready?" Elijah prompted resting his hand on Jeremy's quivering mounds. "Yes," Jeremy squeaked.  Crack! "One!" Jeremy dug his toes in the chair as a sharp burn covered his behind. Whack! "Two!" Jeremy's leg twitched and he tried to stay still, but he couldn't.  Smack!  "Three! Jeremy screeched a little louder. His legs were fighting to push him up. Whap! "Four!" Jeremy felt Elijah raise his left leg and raise him up so his feet weren't quite touching the floor and giving Elijah more access to his behind.  Spank! "Ahh! No!" Jeremy yelled in surprise as Elijah's hand swatted the delicate crease below his behind hard causing his leg to jerk. That really hurt.  "I guess we are back at one," Elijah said tightening his grip on Jeremy's waist with his left arm. "I'm sorry, no!" Jeremy cried.  "One, Jeremy, you need to start obeying me," Elijah was going to teach this boy a lesson even if his own hand was getting numb and sore. Smack! "One!" Jeremy was crying now and kicking with each smack. Elijah was lessening the intensity of the the spanks, but still swatting firmly. They were going to get through this, even if it took all night. By sixteen, Jeremy was sobbing and kicking and gripping the rungs tightly. Tears and mucus were running down his face. "Okay, we'll take a break. Go wash your face. Be quick or I will get the brush for the next 16," Elijah warned, not kidding as his hand was stinging.  Elijah helped him up and Jeremy's hands immediately clutched onto his backside to try to rub out the sting. His face was a mess. Seeing his condition, Elijah got up and helped him to the bathroom and washed his face and had him blow his nose.  "Please, no more, Uncle Elijah. I'm sorry," Jeremy wailed at the thought of getting another hard 16 swats on his stinging bottom. "If I have to force you over my knee again, you will get more than 16 spanks and they won't be with my hand, young man. Now move," Elijah said giving him a little swat on the thigh. Jeremy cried harder when you saw he was being led back to the chair and put in the same position. Crack! "One, p-please," Jeremy counted.  Smack!  "Two, I c-can't" Whack! "Stop. N-no more. Fuck, please. I can't f-fucking-," Jeremy yelled struggling and trying to throw himself off his uncle's lap.  "I guess you need a paddling after all, and your mouth washed out with soap. You don't dictate your punishments, now stop telling me what to do and listen to what you are told to do," Elijah lectured. He pulled up Jeremy and marched him into the bathroom, Elijah didn't know if he even had a suitable hairbrush, but he had a round bath brush. He also got a small hotel sized bar of soap and unwrapped it as Jeremy cried and tried to rub out the sting in his pink behind vigorously.  "You are going to bite down on this soap and think about how cursing at me. Look at your backside, Jeremy, I wasn't even spanking you that hard. I don't know where this disobedience is coming from, but it ends here," Elijah scolded turned Jeremy's backside to the mirror to show him that it was barely pink. Jeremy glanced back and was surprised to see that he had been freaking when his backside looked almost untouched. Jeremy reluctantly bit down on the soap and made a face. The taste flooded his mouth and seemed to go up his nose for a second. It was awful and he started gagging. Elijah led Jeremy over to the closed toilet seat where he sat down. He put a bath towel down on his lap and grabbed the bath brush and put it on the counter of the sink. He saw a glass container of Freya's salve on the counter. Elijah wasn't sure if Jeremy could take 16 smacks with the bath brush unless he was just tapping him. "Jeremy, over my lap again," Elijah told the crying boy. He wiped some of the suds away from Jeremy's mouth with a wash cloth and guided him over his lap. Jeremy's hands were now supporting his weight on the cool tiles of the bathroom floor. He sounded like he was choking on the soap. "Here, spit it into the wash cloth. You're not rinsing though, until I paddle your misbehaving behind red. Stay still," Elijah warned. He gave Jeremy a moment to spit out the soap bar and even let him spit into the rag.  He quickly applied the salve and again noticed that Jeremy's behind was lightly pink. The salve always felt cool and soothing at first, but Elijah was intending to make this lesson stick a bit. The boy was really not taking this well tonight. Elijah patted Jeremy's backside with the bath brush and brought it down from his right cheek to his left cheek in a quick but steady pace for five smacks on each cheek. Jeremy's legs were again on the floor and he was trying to push up and get out of place. "Arrrgh. Owww. I c-can't take it. P-Please, stop," Jeremy wailed, begging for a reprieve. Now trying to get up by using his feet to push up on the adjacent tub, using all his strength. "You really do want another spanking before you go off to school tomorrow. Well, you got it, mister. Now stop!" Elijah smacked him a little firmer in the middle of his behind four times. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Elijah could tell that the brush was reddening his behind fast and decided to give him the last two right on his sit spots.  Crack! Crack! Jeremy howled and almost did wiggle off his lap, if it wasn't for Elijah's vampire strength.  "Okay, now you can rinse your mouth out," Elijah said helping him to his feet. Jeremy rushed over and splashed water into his mouth right from the sink for a few minutes. He was making a terrible mess, but Elijah was letting it go.  Elijah gave him a moment alone to use the bathroom and get himself together. He returned his shorts and underwear to him and told him he could get dressed. He brought the bath brush in the bedroom and set in on the night stand. Elijah was shocked that Jeremy had been so rebellious and difficult during the punishment. He really wanted to get to the bottom of this, so to speak.  Jeremy came out and his eyes fell on the bath brush.  "No more, please, Uncle Elijah, don't paddle me again," he cried unable to stop throwing back his hand to shield his sore behind.Elijah held out his arms and Jeremy came to him.  "I'm sorry, Jeremy, but you earned another good paddling tomorrow. I don't know what got into you. I'm not going to spank you anymore tonight, but out with it, tell me," Elijah said hugging him and patting his back. "I was just thinking that if Bonnie saw me tonight, she'd think I was a baby being spanked like that. What if she knows, from her witch powers, that I got it like this tonight she wouldn't want to go out with me. Uncle Elijah, I'm too ashamed to face her again," Jeremy said tearfully.  "Hey, witches can't see things like that. Sure, there are seers, but they are very, very rare. Bonnie, is not a seer and wouldn't know if you got a spanking unless you told her. You realize that your embarrassment about getting put over my knee earned you another whacking tomorrow, young man?" Elijah said patting his sore bottom now over his shorts. Jeremy whined and said, "Can I stay in here tonight? If you spank me tomorrow morning, I don't want Tyler and Matt to see. Please Uncle Elijah!" "Of course, but I want you to know that I don't punish you like this to humiliate you. What is really something to be ashamed of is poor behavior such as lying, being inconsiderate, and rude. I mean it Jeremy, that is the kind of behavior that is dishonorable. Getting punished is not supposed to be pleasant, but the real shame is the actions and misbehavior that led to it," Elijah shared.  Jeremy thought about it and agreed. "I never thought about it like that, but you're right. Am I ever going to be too old to get it though?" Jeremy said in a small voice rough with tears. "Only your behavior dictates that. When you make the right choices and act correctly, then it shows us that you are mature enough to do things like live on your own. That will happen, but for right now, in the bed. On your stomach and to sleep. I love you, Jeremy," Elijah said kissing him on the head. The next morning, Elijah let Jeremy go to the bathroom, and checked the state of his backside, which was pale and unmarked. He told Jeremy that he could lean over the bed and Elijah gave him ten firm smacks over his nylon shorts and two hard whacks with the bath brush on each cheek. It stung and reignited some of the soreness from the spanking of the night before, but was not overly harsh and throbbing. Elijah held Elijah's back with his left hand but Jeremy managed to stay in place fairly well.

They walked down to breakfast together. Elijah pulled Jeremy into another hug and said, "I mean it, I want you to be someone you are proud of, I know you can be. Now, you come home right after school today."  "Yes, sir. Believe me. I won't forget again," Jeremy promised feeling the sting a little as his shorts rubbed against his sore thighs. He knew that he had learned that he could and would be a better version of himself. He was too sore not to try. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Tyler did relent and drive Jeremy to school the following day with Davina and Matt in the backseat.  Matt laughed to himself about Jeremy shifting in his seat.  Davina hadn't noticed and smiled, "What's so funny?" Tyler chimed in, "Nothing. Matt is just being an ass. Come on, Matt. You and me have been there plenty of times, man." "You're right," Matt drawled, "I'm sorry, Jer. It's just that Uncle Elijah must have really laid into you. I think of us waiting here like a bunch of morons for you yesterday and I don't feel all that bad."  Jeremy's face colored as he didn't want to discuss his punishment with Davina in the car."Bonnie asked me to go with her and I just got in the car. Like my Aunt Jenna never really cared where I went after school. You know, old habits and all," Jeremy uttered. "It's okay. I got it the other night, too, when I told Rebekah to go to hell and caused that little earthquake. Not as bad as it seems you did, though," Davina admitted. She could tell that Marcel still felt terrible about it.  He was doting on her and constantly checking that she was okay. She didn't have the heart to tell him that she was having dizzy spells.   "Let's put it this way, I wasn't real cooperative last night and got a second dose this morning," Jeremy blurted. "Really? I thought that was kind of an empty threat, you know for not acting right while getting your ass tanned. Damn, son, you must have made our uncle pissed. Props," Matt said in awe. "Yeah, or else I'm a moron. Dad did it once to me at night, like the first week he had me. I thought that was bad, but this was worse. It's like layers of hurt over layers of hurt. Guys, please don't tell Bonnie I got in trouble. I know she was suspicious yesterday," Jeremy pleaded.  "Wait, you mean you got spanked once and then spanked again for real? Once is bed enough. Don't worry, Jeremy, I won't say anything," Davina promised with feeling.  Tyler added, "Me either, man. I got it twice before, bro. Maybe not like that exactly, but yeah...you'll be okay."  Jeremy smiled, "Easy for you to say with your supernatural healing now."  "That did come in handy yesterday sparring with Kol. I was so pissed at you that he had to knocked me on my ass a couple of times to calm down," Tyler said patting Jeremy on the ass as they got out their binders and bags from the truck. Jeremy laughed and pushed him away with his backpack. "Hey, Bonnie was working hard on breaking the curse, but man, it seems like a big spell. How are you doing with all this? I mean about possibly turning," Jeremy asked. "I'd be lying if I said I wasn't scared. They say it's like every bone in your body breaks. But then, there is a part of me that wants to. You know about my dreams. I guess I'd have to get chained up so I didn't hurt anyone, but a part of me wants to just hunt. It's messed up," Tyler confessed walking to the building.  Davina cut in, "You know if you would become a hybrid, then you are half vampire. You'd be super powerful, but have the blood lust to deal with. Let me see if I can work on something to suppress your turning. I once heard of something called a moonlight ring, kind of like how vampires have a daylight ring.  Jeremy, it's just almost impossible to do the original spell without killing your sister, and another wolf, and a vamp." "That would be great," Tyler said. "Let me know if you need help. I actually feel pretty useless here." --------------*****Later that evening after dinner, Freya took Henrik over to Bonnie's to induct him into the Bennett coven. She had been teaching him little spells, but never tapped into his wild power again. Elijah, Jeremy, Kol, Davina, Rebekah, and Marcel also went. Klaus said he'd stay home and hold down the fort. Klaus was getting more apprehensive that the Sun and Moon Curse would not be broken in time. A spell of this magnitude was dangerous and required a great deal of power. Freya could use the power of the Originals to anchor it, but that would also draw the attention of other covens. You just could not cloak that level of magic. Mystic Falls would have a vortex of magic around it. Elijah had hired a tutor for Finn and Henrik during the day. They had to start with the basics, though they were both quick learners. Everyone thought it would be especially good for Finn to go to school, but he had a lot of catching up to do. "Okay, Finn, you are doing well. Just one more page and then bath time," Klaus said tiredly.  "It's not fair. Henrik doesn't have to do these lessons!" Finn whined.  "Yes, well, Henrik is being indicted into a coven tonight so he can help the family. Now one more, stop stalling," Klaus encouraged.  "Why didn't they put me in it? Aren't I a witch, also?" Finn snapped.  "Yes, you are. But you are as yet untapped. You have time, there is no rush for you to start practicing. Magic can be dangerous and time consuming. Let's get your caught up with your letters and numbers and then we'll worry about latin and boundary spells," Klaus pressed on.  Finn threw his workbook across the room and folder his arms. "Not doing it tonight. You don't want to be here with just me. Let me go play," Finn demanded.  Klaus shut his eyes and took a breath for patience. He went to go get the workbook, when Finn ripped his notebook in half and threw the shreds in Klaus' face.  "Are you looking to get a spanking tonight, young man?" Klaus asked. "You can't smack me. I'm older than you," Finn snarked.  "Finn, I know you are frustrated. But misbehaving is not the way to achieve your goal here. You may continue working on this or we shall go up to your room and discuss it with you over my knee with you looking at the floor," Klaus promised.  "If you are so interested, do it yourself. Just leave, I know you want to since Henrik isn't here anyway," Finn growled.  "Okay, let's go," Klaus lifted Finn and vamped him up to his room. Like Mikael mentioned Finn was pathologically jealous of Henrik.  "Brother, put me down. I demand it," Finn said getting nervous. He typically got away with his snarky attitude and responses. Klaus was holding him firmly by the arm and led him to the corner."I want you to stand there and think about why you are getting your behind spanked in a moment," Klaus said pushing him gently further into the corner.  Finn turned and Klaus repeated his warning to stand there and think. Finn was now getting worried that he actually was going to get walloped and considered that he may have pushed Niklaus a bit too far.  "Call for Freya, she won't let you. I'll tell her you were mean to me. Just leave me alone," Finn begged turning again.  Klaus got out his pajamas and set them on the bed. He really didn't want to do this, but he felt like he had little choice. Finn was pushing his buttons, he had been tempted to swat him in the great room, but Klaus preferred to discipline in private. He always felt like the reciprocate of the punishment was more worried about someone walking in than what he or she did wrong. Klaus needed to calm himself. His brother did have a way of making him cross. "Finn, can you come here please?" Klaus asked calmly.  "No, not so you can just beat me," Finn whined.  Klaus vamped over and gently led the man in a a boy's form to the bed to stand in front of him. Finn twisted and tried to get free of the hybrid's grasp. "You know I would never hurt you. I hear your anger talking when you say things like that. I suppose telling you that we care about you as much as Henrik isn't getting through, so maybe a little spanking will," Klaus said softly.  "No, Niklaus, I'll do the school work. I was just jealous that Henrik is getting to be in a coven," Finn gulped.  "Finn, I think we know that you have been asking for this for a while. Now, are you going to take it like a big boy or are you going to make it worse for yourself?" Klaus asked.  "Sorry," Finn blurted now struggling harder and trying to push away. Klaus had to hold his hands back with his left hand as he took down his jeans with his right. "Stop. Hands at your side," Klaus ordered. "I'm going to bend you over the bed. If you can try to keep still, it will be over soon. If not, your drawers are coming down and you will go over my knee for very sound spanking," Klaus warned.  Klaus stood and arranged Finn so that he was leaning over the twin bed. His jeans were at his knees and Klaus grabbed his hands and pulled them behind his back. Finn tried to yank his arms back and push up.  "You're getting twelve smacks. Now stay still," Klaus repeated. Smack!Smack! 
Smack! Klaus applied his hand over both of Finn's cotton covered cheeks at the same time. He heard him draw in his breath, but he remained silent. Crack! Crack! Klaus targeted the center of each cheek a bit harder.  "Oww, ouch. Okay. You can s-stop," Finn yelled writhing.  "You have seven more to go," Klaus reminded him. Whack! Whack! Klaus swatted the area right below Finn's underwear line on his bare thighs. His hand left a faint blush colored mark.  "Stop! I said that's enough," Finn snarled. The child seemed more angry, than chastened. Smack!  Smack! Smack! With three more slaps across his entire bottom, Finn lost it and started wailing.  "Stop it, I mean it. You're nothing but a damn bastard! Always and forever" Finn screamed.  Klaus paused. Bastard! The one word that could hurt him, because it was true. With four more to go, Klaus knew what he had to do. He let go of Finn's hands, which immediately went to rub his sore cheeks. Finn then pushed himself up crying.  "You were warned. I guess you want me to smack your bare behind for you. Very well. I shall comply," Klaus said yanking his underwear to meet his jeans at his knees.  "No, no, s-sorry. I just wanted you to stop, no more," Finn sputtered.  Klaus bent him over both knees and pushed him so Finn's hands met the floor and his legs were not touching the floor.  Whap! Whap! Whap!  He began peppering his whole bottom with little smacks. Finn rocked his hips to move out of the way, but he was pinned.  "This doesn't hurt! Let me up!" Finn screamed in rage.  Klaus repeated the circuits of swats until the fire built up and Finn began to kick and yell.  Klauss then targeted the sit spots and spanked the same area over and over until he heard crying. Finn kicked off his pants and underwear, freeing his legs to move more freely. Klaus did not stop spanking even as Finn's legs pinwheeled and he thrashed violently to get off his brother's knee. Klaus pulled him in tight with his left arm and continued spanking him longer. After three minutes of swats that covered every inch and turned Finn's bottom a bright cherry red, Klaus finally paused.  Finn was hysterical and had tears and snot running down his face. His upturned bottom felt raw and raged with a sting he had never felt to this degrees.  "I often forget how much my hand smarts after I administer a good shellacking. I assure you the next time, you will be getting more than my hand applied to your bottom," Klaus said patting Finn's thighs.  "Stop, s-stop, s-stop," Finn howled, not even realizing that Klaus had stopped a moment before. "Why should I stop spanking you? What did you learn?" Klaus said. "To behave, to do what I'm told, that you aren't kidding. I d-didn't know that...t-this was so b-bad," Finn wailed, still kicking and thrashing. Klaus gave him another pop on the bottom. "Stop that, I'm going to keep you here until I'm sure you learned your lesson. Now continue," Klaus said rubbing the spot he had just swatted.  "I learned that y-you aren't jesting. It hurts. No more, Nik, p-please," Finn begged. "Why did I spank you? How do we feel about you?" Klaus asked quietly. "You love me. I k-know that now," Finn moaned.  "Why did it take a spanking to have you see that?" Klaus mused, almost amused.  "I j-just didn't know if you c-cared. I'm sorry," Finn went on, now fully crying.  Klaus pulled him into his lap, ignoring the wail of pain when he sat him down. He grabbed some tissues from the box and started wiping the tears and mucus away. For a moment, Finn was focused on trying to rub the pain away, then he started to try to bat Klaus away in anger.  "You can't fight me, little brother. I'm not leaving you or turning my back on you. I will hold you as long as you need, Finn. I don't care what you call me or if you fight me, I'm here," Klaus murmured holding Finn tightly on his lap, who now rested against him quietly.  Finn's jeans and pants were long since kicked off, but neither noticed. Neither noticed that the younger brother called the elder 'little', as it was now so. --------------****During the coven ceremony inducting Henrik, Bonnie felt a surge of power. They often convened a circle at Steven's Quarry for the space and privacy. It was also a scared spot as past witches had been sacrificed here in the past. Bonnie looked at Freya to see if she felt the magical energy. She nodded and they looked at Henrik, but it wasn't from him.  It was Davina.  A huge swell of energy lifted the water out of the quarry in a powerful waterfall. It made a tremendous noise and everyone ducked.  Bonnie yelled, "Davina, is that you?"  Davina colored and said, "I'm so sorry. I was thinking about the Harvest ritual and how my own mother tried to sacrifice me. I didn't mean to do that." "It's alright," Freya said, "Let's finish here and then we'll talk."----------------****In the woods near the quarry, Bastianna Natale, one of the few elders left from the French Quarter coven, tried to Mikael. The vampires thought they killed her, but she always had a few tricks up her sleeve. "To oppose us is to oppose the natural order. By choice or by force, the witches of the French Quarter will rise again," Bastianna said, staring at Davina. "Don't worry. I'll see that you get your witch back. Just don't hurt my children. The Strix will see that you are protected until you complete the reaping," Mikael said watching his youngest son become a full witch. --------------***After the induction, the others celebrated around the bonfire. Freya and Bonnie confronted Davina. Elijah joined them. "How long has it been going on?" Freya asked pointedly.  "Since the Harvest. The power, it's like I can't contain it in my body. It's getting worse, as you saw," Davina admitted.  "Maybe we should try to do the suppression spell for Tyler sooner, rather than later. We need the black kyanite to enchant. Elijah, can you get that?" Bonnie asked urgently. "I'll try. Let me reach out to some of my contacts," Elijah said taking out his cell phone.  "Davina, I wish you would have filled us in earlier. This type of power is like a beacon to other covens that a great deal of power is here, in this case, you. I'm not sure the cloaking spell we have in place is enough anymore," Freya worried.  Kol came over and put his arm around Davina, "Let's go, luv. I know I'm not a witch anymore, but there is a foul smell in the air here. The night is just too quiet."--------------****At home, Klaus had put Finn to bed after reading to him from Grimm's Fairy Tales, Finn liked Brüderchen und Schwesterchen, Brother and Sister, about a brother who drinks from a spring and changes into a deer. After the evil step mother is burned at the stake, he finally becomes human...Klaus considered that it may not have been the best choice, but their real lives were indeed much gorier.  Klaus spent some time with Matt and Jeremy and listened to their drunk driving papers for Alaric. He was impressed by the passion Matt put into his, but Jeremy's in itself was quite good. Klaus was tempted to unground them and just put the whole incident behind them, but he knew that Elijah would disapprove greatly. Tyler was on the phone with Caroline in the other room.  Klaus excused himself as he heard Elijah call him. "Brother, we might have a problem," Elijah started.  "Shall I guess or are you going to tell me?" Klaus quipped. "Henrik did great. He's now a Bennet witch. How was Finn?" Freya asked, as Klaus put his arm around a tired Henrik and said good night to Davina.  "Marcel, Rebekah, could you put Henrik to bed please?" Klaus asked. "Sure, Klaus," Marcel said ushering him out.  "Can the rest of us retire to the study?" Elijah asked.  "So Freya, to answer your question, Finn had a bit of a meltdown. He is fine, but I...," Klaus started. "You finally spanked him?" Freya pushed. "Yes, he tore up his-," Klaus continued. "Brother, you need not explain. Finn has been pushing for your attention for weeks. He was testing you to see if you cared. Quite frankly, you have been overly patient with him. I think tonight was something you both needed. He needs to feel that you care about him. I'm sure you made it clear that you did," Freya cut in.  "I did, indeed, he's sleeping now soundly," Klaus smiled sadly. "Our issues may be more serious than sibling rivalry. Two things: one, we need the stones for moonlight rights to stop Tyler from turning. Bonnie doesn't think the curse can be broken without killing Elena, and unless we find Katerina and sacrifice her, we're stuck. Two-..." Elijah paused.  Kol finished, "Davina is hemorrhaging magic. I felt it tonight. She may be able to siphon off enough making these moonlight rings to help for a time, but the huge use of that much magic is impossible to cloak." "Someone needs to meet our contact in New Orleans to get the black kyanite for the ring tonight. If we can get it and do the spell tomorrow night, someone needs to be prepared to flee with Davina. She cannot stay here in Mystic Falls," Elijah said firmly.  "Let me go," Kol said, "I can help hide him. You know I would protect her with my life."Marcel opened the door, "Just wait a damn second here. Can someone fill me in on what the hell is going on?"-----------------****It was decided that Elijah meet the contact and Rebekah and Marcel would take Davina away to hide her from her coven after the ritual. The time that the reaping needed to be done was fast ending, so it was only a few more weeks at most.  Kol was not happy, but understand that he was needed at the house in case the Strix turned or hunters attacked.  "Brother, I'm sorry. I know this is hard for you," Elijah admitted patting him on the shoulder.  "Don't patronize me, Elijah. I'm a big boy. I can handle it," Kol snapped.  "I know you're upset but you will not take that tone with me. Do you understand, young man?" Elijah scolded.  "Sorry," Kol said trying to control the torrent of emotions coursing through him. "Have you fed, brother? Slept?" Elijah asked cupping his face with his hand. Kol didn't answer.  "Go get a blood bag and go sleep now. I will not tell you again. Do you understand me, little brother?" Elijah asked sternly.  "Aye," Kol said turning to get some blood.  "Good. I mean it, Kol. You need to take care of yourself or I will take care of you. I'm going to check on you and you best be sleeping. Kol, don't test me," Elijah warned. Kol nodded and vamped away. He knew he was close to getting swatted and that Elijah was right. He drank his blood and then fell into bed. He was worried about tonight. -------------------****
Elijah got the black kyanite for the spell and handed it to Bonnie. They would all need to work together to inscribe the stones with the magic of the moon to stop Tyler from turning.  Rebekah and Marcel were there, packed and ready to spirit Davina off to a far off locale to hide her for a few weeks. Davina and Kol had already said their goodbyes.  Freya started the incantation, Henrik was holding the natural elements of water, fire, earth, and air. Bonnie began to draw magic from her ancestors. But it was Davina would would seal the spell with the overwhelming magic from the Harvest.  In a cluster of candles, they placed the rare black kyanite stones in a spiral pattern, within a circular pattern of salt. They used Klaus' blood as that of a werewolf who doesn't turn to splatter on the stones. Since they could not wait until the full moon, as Tyler would turn, the stones would not make Tyler stronger or more agile. The spell would also not draw power from Klaus. It may bind the wearer and Klaus together on the full moon, but no ill effects should come from it.  Using her powers, Davina's scratched the wolf rune on the stones inscribing them forever. A huge surge of power heated the stones from within causing them to grow like the yellow Klaus' hybrid eyes for a moment.  Davina felt faint with the effort, but did not lose her balance. Bonnie put the stones into a ring for Tyler to wear and chanted a protection spell over it.  "That's it. It should be done," Freya announced. This time no one cheered, but quietly wept as Rebekah, Marcel, Davina disappeared into the night.  They did not know, but they wouldn't get very far. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Davina got the note written in a cursive script the next day. The hotel concierge handed it to her on her way back from the beach. They had landed in a tropical paradise. Davina let the magic roll off her by playing with reversing the tide and changing the weather. It was getting stronger, she knew that.  Marcel and Rebekah pretended like they were all on a holiday. They even let Davina drink a pina colada at dinner. She really didn't like the alcohol taste, but felt grown up all the same.  The note read, "Meet me tonight by the mermaid statue. If you don't care about your own life, perhaps you care about your friends?" There was no signature. She knew she should show it to Marcel and Rebekah, but they would just flee again. This was the third location they had been in in two weeks. It was getting old.  Davina climbed down from her balcony using bed sheets and a little magic. After all, she didn't want to break her neck. She had cast a sleeping spell on Marcel and Rebekah to last another 12 hours or so.  At the mermaid, she saw the old man step out.  "It's you. The father, Mikael," Davina said without surprise. She had sensed him in the quarry the night they induced Henrik into the coven. "My dear, I'm so sorry, but you know you must come with me," Mikael explained. "I know. They must complete the Reaping or my magic will tear this world apart. I can feel it swirling and rippling. It's too strong," Davina admitted.  "It was never yours to begin with, girl," Bastiana scoffed.  "Bastiana, the liar. You said they were just going to cut our hands a bit. Then, when they cut the first three girls throats, I thought I was next. What would you have done? Die, or go with the ones who saved you? I thought the vampires ripped your head off at the Harvest," Davina smirked.  "No, they tried, Davina, but us old French Quarter witches are a bit tougher than that. Oh my, I'm glad your mother is dead and not here to see you whoring around with vampires and werewolves," Bastiana hissed.  "What are you doing then? You're with Mikael the Destroyer, the Vampire who hunts Vampires. Get into bed with the devil a lot, hmm? I bet it's been a long time since a man wanted to do that, get in bed with you, I mean," Davina laughed.  "Ladies, ladies, now let's play nice. We're all on the same side here," Mikael said cordially. "Oh, I am looking forward to cutting your throat, young one," Bastiana sneered.  "How long will I be dead?" Davina asked plainly.  "It would have only been a year or less had you taken your medicine the first time. Now, who can speak to the will of the ancestors? They may not be happy with you, Davina Claire," Bastiana said chanting and coming closer.  "No, let me say goodbye to Rebekah and Marcel, they will worry," Davina begged Mikael.  "My dear, Marcel will die trying to prevent this. Rebekah would suffer greatly also. As you know, nature cannot be stopped. They would never let you go. I do this because they lack the strength to do what needs to be done. The coven must complete the Reaping and balance the power. Come now, you will come back soon in months, a year, maybe longer. I know my son Kol also loves you. Would I take the only peace and happiness he's ever known away from him?" Mikael asked gently.  "No, I would hope not. I'll go quietly, just keep her away from me," Davina said pointing to Bastiana.  "She wanted to hex my whole family to death. I am doing this, not only to save you, but to save them. I know...that they won't understand and that they will never forgive me, but when you come back, please try to make them understand that despite my failings, I loved them all. And for Niklaus, all I do now, I do for him and those he loves. Let us go before they discover you missing," Mikael said picking up Davina and vamping her away.  Bastiana was irritated that she couldn't hex the hybrid's adopted son. She couldn't kill an Original, but the one they called Marcel, could die slowly. Well, after she cut the last Harvest witch's throat, maybe she have enough power to destroy all of the abominations. After all, according to the ancestors, they never should have been created at all. -----------****"Marcel, she's gone!" Rebekah screamed.  Marcel jumped down from the balcony that Davina had climbed down. They tracked her scent to the mermaid statue.  They found a note that read, "Children, I know this is hard to hear but the Reaping is already completed. Davina Claire could not contain all of the power within her. It was tearing apart the fabric of the world. She will return to you in time. I did this, not out of hatred, but out of love. I knew you would never let her die and that it would destroy her. Please forgive my subterfuge. I know that you will come after me. I have cut ties with the Strix and will go deep underground for now.  I hope to see you one day again.                             Love,                              Father, ᛗᛁᚲᚨᛖᛚ"  "No, no, no, no..." Rebekah crumbled to the ground.  Marcel held her in utter shock. She was already dead. Her throat cut. The Reaping was completed. In his bones, he felt like she was lost to them.-----------------****Elijah dropped the phone in his study.  "Klaus, she's dead. The witches, they completed the Reaping," Elijah blurted out, bracing himself on the desk.  Klaus picked up the phone and Marcel sobbed out the rest of the story. They were on their way back from the island. They planned to go to New Orleans and see if they could find out anything. The witches would consecrate the body on New Orleans' soil to keep the power she held inside her for the coven. Somehow Klaus did understand Mikael's plan, but maybe Freya or Bonnie could have figured out another way. Deep down, he knew Mikael did the right thing. The would have torn the family apart.  "Kol," Elijah and Klaus said looking at each other. Freya was out shopping and the other boys were at school. They found Kol playing with the boys in the yard. They had sticks and they were banging them again trees. Kol was climbing and getting them the high branches they wanted and jumping down near them, making them laugh.  "Brother, we must speak to you," Elijah stated.  "Henrik, Finn, go back in the house now please," Klaus said not looking at them.  Finn went to argue and then noticed the look on his face and pulled Henrik with him toward the house. "What it is? Tell me. NO! No! No! They got her, didn't they. I bloody knew I should have gone. It's your fault. You should have let me go, damn you," Kol broke into heavy sobs and fell to his knees. "I'm so sorry, Kol," Elijah shared. Klaus said nothing but grabbed Kol hard and clutched him.  "You couldn't have saved her," Elijah revealed.  "I could have tried!" Kol screamed.  Klaus just held him and wouldn't let him go.  "She will return to you, brother," Elijah promised. "When? After the ancestors punish her for being with us? Helping us? Using her magic for us?" Kol cursed.  "Davina, I am sorry. If I could take your place, I would," Kol moaned."Come now, let's get you some rest," Elijah said taking his arm. Kol roughly shrugged it off. "Bugger off, the two of you. I blame you both for this, but especially you Elijah!" Kol said vamping off past the property.  "What did you do? Oh god, do you think he will go on a murderous rampage?" Klaus asked Elijah, still on the ground.  "Well, this is Kol we're talking about," Elijah frowned. --------------****Freya was not entirely surprised.  "Oh Davina, I feel like we failed you," she said aloud to herself, and then to Klaus and Elijah, "But brothers, that power could not reside in her. It would have torn the fabric of reality to shreds." "Marcel and Rebekah are headed to New Orleans to see if they can find her or her body," Klaus said sadly.  "I know Kol's heart will never accept this, but Father did the right thing," Freya admitted.  "I agree. Father saved us from doing the hard thing that we may not have been able to do," Elijah concurred.  "Where's Kol? Is he okay?" Freya asked, putting her purse on the counter, and looking around.  "He took off. He did not look good, sister. The last time I saw him behave like that, he slaughtered a TB hospital," Elijah worried.  "In his defense, they were all doomed to die, but yes, we need to get him back here before he goes on a murderous rampage, another one," Klaus said.  "Let me do a locator spell," Freya said preparing herself for a long afternoon. --------------*****Jeremy and the other boys got a text to make sure that they went straight home. Elena had already asked him where Davina was. All he said was that, he was pretty sure, she wouldn't be back soon.  Alaric caught Jeremy in the hallway,"Hey, your uncles said that Kol is upset and somewhere around town. Tell Elena and the others to go home. Aside from Bonnie, no one could really defend against Kol if he go out of control." "What about you? What about Stefan and Damon?" Jeremy wondered.  "Jeremy, you have never seen an Originals' true strength or speed. An out of control one could destroy this entire town. I'm not saying Kol will do that, but I think we all saw how much he cared about Davina. How are you holding up?" Alaric asked.  "I'm in shook, I guess. She was nice to me.  It was like having another sister, now, I just can't believe what those witches did," Jeremy said stunned.  "Yeah, it's hard to take. Go home. I was supposed to meet Vanessa at the Grill about a possible wolf attack. I'm going to see if I can catch her before she goes," Alaric said leaving.  Alaric headed to Vanessa's classroom to find it empty. She had already left for the Grill right after school.-------------****Kol couldn't think. He couldn't process the pain. He knew that the Harvest witches were supposed to be resurrected, but would they? In the meantime, was Davina suffering on The Other Side? Where was she?  He went to the bar at the Grill. "Give me bourbon, double straight," he growled at the bartender. "Can I see your i.d., sir?" the balding bartender asked skeptically. Kol reached up and grabbed the man by his collar, "You will get me the bottle of bourbon and a glass and then forget you ever saw me. Got it, mate?"  "I will get you the bottle and a glass and..." the bartender drifted off to get the alcohol. "Wow, you just don't let state laws keep you in check, do you?" Vanessa Monroe said sitting down at the bar next to Kol.  "Laws don't interest me, luv. Plus, I'm older than everybody on earth except a handful of people. Bourbon?" Kol said grabbing a glass from behind the bar.  "Are you okay? You don't look so good...Did something happen?" Vanessa suddenly became alarmed by the crazed look in Kol's eyes.  "Well, my girl's coven finally slit her throat to get their power back. I should have been there to help her, but my bloody big brothers wouldn't let me. Like a child, I let them keep me away from her and now she's..." Kol put his head in his heads.  "Did you say 'coven'?" Vanessa said gripping the bourbon glass in front of her. "I'm going to go down there to the city of New Orleans and tear every head off every French Quarter witch I see...But I cannot or they won't bring her back to me," Kol was now muttering to himself.  Vanessa's survival skills kicked in, she took the glass and smashed it into Kol's face and ran. It nicked him slightly, but the cuts healed instantly. He vamped and caught her.  "I'd compel you but I know you are on vervain..." Kol laughed.  "How do you know that?" Vanessa gasped. "You spent a weekend locked up in my brother's dungeon while we let it  drain out of your system, before compelling your memories away," Kol admitted.  "Will you do that again?" Vanessa asked fearfully. "Nay, luv, I think I want a drink. How about you and me get some privacy?" Kol said gripping her by the waist.  Aside from the bartender, the Grill was empty. --------------****"Kol is in town somewhere. The Grill or town square," Freya said after doing the locator spell. "Thanks, sister. We'll bring him home," Elijah promised.  "Elijah, Niklaus, he's angry at you. Let me go also and try to help. You know I can be quite firm with all of you when you needed. I know he's hurting, but this is no way for him to behave," Freya insisted.  Klaus bit his lip, "He does tend to regress to a younger version of himself when he's been caught being 'naughty.' Freya, when he works himself into these states it does take quite the firm hand and stern talking to to bring him back to his senses."  Elijah sighed, "After he attacked that sanatorium, he couldn't even look at a doctor or nurse for 50 years without wincing once we were through with him."  "If it brings him back to us, I'm willing to do whatever it takes. Elijah, will you stay with the boys? Niklaus can back me up," Freya pleaded.  "Bring him home to us. We'll deal with the aftermath later," Elijah agree.--------------****"So is Uncle Kol missing?" Matt yelled out.  "Dude, I don't know. That's what Alaric said," Jeremy replied in frustration.  "So Davina is dead. Kol is on the rampage and we are just supposed to sit at home? That sounds lame," Matt continued.  Tyler was driving as Matt and Jeremy were still grounded from their drunk driving episode.  "That's his car!" Tyler yelled pointing at Kol's Porsche. It actually was Elijah's, but he always drove an SUV so Kol was the only person who drove it.  "Pull over, we'll call," Matt said getting out his cell phone. Matt tried to call Klaus. Then, after there was no answer, he tried Freya.  "This is ridiculous. I'm going in. Do you really think he's going to kill us? Jeremy, you have that magic ring," Tyler pointed out getting out of the truck. "I don't think it helps if I get my fucking head ripped off," Jeremy yelled.  "Shut up, you two. I'm trying to call home," Matt said.  "Oh my god," Tyler gasped, "Uncle Kol has Miss Monroe and he's taking her. Call dad again!"-----------------****"Don't make a sound, luv, or you will be dead before you hit the floor," Kol threatened.  "I'm on vervain. You can't drink my blood," Vanessa yelped as he squeezed her tightly. Kol laughed out loud.  "Darling, I'm an Original. For me, a little vervain is like tabasco sauce on scrabbled eggs. It just gives it a little kick," Kol said, putting her in his car. "You don't want to get blood all over this nice car, do you?" Vanessa tried.  "It is my brother's car, but right now, I'm not very happy with him. I daresay, he's not going to be very happy with me either. Brothers fight. Maybe I'll just drain you and throw you into the quarry. Another animal attack would give the council something new to investigate," Kol suggested.  "You know about that?" Vanessa asked. "Darling, I am responsible for that. The headless body on the Lockwood property, a few other animal attacks and missing persons...See, before I met my girl, I was a bit of a ripper type of vampire. I like to drink straight from the tap, the vein. Makes it a wee bit hard to stop. So once I start sipping on your spicy vervain blood, I won't stop until I've ripped off your pretty hunter head. Normally, I'd compel you not to be afraid, but since you're on vervain..." Kol said driving towards the quarry.  Vanessa started screaming and Kol reached over and put her in a sleeper hold until she passed out. At the quarry, he parked, and vamped over to her body. He bared her throat and with his fangs tore into her throat. He spit out the first taste of blood as it was saturated in more vervain that he had ever tasted. He drank again, this time swallowing the burning liquid to punish himself. It hurt but he kept going. He drank more until he saw Davina's face. Then, he heard Davina scream at him to stop. For once, the ripper in him stopped.  "Bloody hell, what have I done?" Kol thought. Vanessa's heart was slowing. She was going to die.  He tore open his wrist and fed her some of his blood. Just then, he saw an SUV pull in behind him.  Freya jumped up before Klaus even stopped the car.  "Is she dead?" Freya screamed in fury.  "No, sister. I just healed her. She'll wake soon. Full of vervain again, this one," Kol admitted, still holding Vanessa. He leaned against the hood of the car.  "How did you find me?" Kol asked. "The boys, your nephews, saw you abduct their teacher from the Grill and called us. Kol, I'm so sorry about Davina, but this isn't the way to deal with it," Freya lectured. Kol put his head down. He couldn't face Freya now.  Klaus vamped over and surveyed the scene.  "Did you try to heal her?" Klaus asked listening to her slowing heart beat.  "Aye, I was drinking from her vervain-laced blood and I saw and heard Davina in my head telling me to stop. I did, but maybe it's too late," Kol admitted with a touch of guilt.  Just then, Vanessa woke up and screamed. She saw Klaus and then looked at Kol and pointed, "He's the murderer. He left the headless body at the Lockwood property. It was him all along..." Vanessa's outburst left her exhausted and she passed out again. Klaus laid her in the back of the SUV.  Freya looked confused, "What's she talking about Kol?" "Before Davina, there were times when I would get upset or bored or just too hungry and hunt. Once I get fresh blood, I can't always stop, so yeah, it was me. The headless corpse, the hiker they thought got mauled, a missing person I threw here in the quarry. Then, Davina came into my life and suddenly, I didn't want to be a killer anymore. I learned I could control it. Aside from that, if Nik and Elijah didn't threaten me, I'll probably lose control again and have to go back in the box," Kol said. "Oh Kol, why didn't you tell us?" Klaus responded.  "I don't want you all disappointed in me. That look of pity and sadness Nik, it's too hard to take. What am I going to do without her? She made me better and my one job was to protect her and I didn't. Now, she's with the bloody ancestors. DAVINA!," he screamed.  'Davina' echoed through the quarry.  Freya went up to her second youngest brother. For a second, he thought she was going to slap his face, but she grabbed his face to look at her.  "Kol, my love, I'm so sorry that you are feeling this way. I know you two loved each other, but she is coming back to us. We've all lost her for now. Do you understand me? The ancestors cannot keep her. The ritual, once completed, will reunite you two in time. And when it does, I want her to be proud of you and the way you behaved when she was gone. Now, you were a very bad boy today and we're going to talk about it when we get home okay? I want to ride with you and Klaus can take Vanessa home with us," Freya said with love in her eyes.  "Sister, when you say 'talk' do you mean...'talk?'" Kol gulped. The vervain was burning through his system making him feel weak.  "You know exactly what I mean, young man. Now, in the car and no more fussing or I'll give you a preview of what is in store for you at home right now," Freya warned with steel in her voice.  "Ah, I think we may have a situation on our hands," Klaus called. "What?" Freya said.  "Vanessa is, ah, dead," Klaus called. "Bloody hell," Kol muttered under his breath.  
  
    Chapter Text
    Elijah was feeding the boys dinner when Klaus, Kol, and Freya came home. Klaus took Vanessa's body directly downstairs to one of the basement levels. He didn't want her waking up hungry and draining one of the kids. He put some blood bags near her and then locked her in, just in case she woke up early.  Kol had blood on his shirt and still smelled like bourbon. Freya told him to go shower and she'd be up after dinner. She reminded him to drink some blood and then hugged him tightly in the kitchen seeing how sad he was. He took a blood bag and vamped to his room so the boys wouldn't see him.  "Is everything okay, Freya?" Henrik asked in a small voice.  "I think so, Henrik. Uncle Kol is just going up to shower. We are all very sad about Davina, but she will be back someday. Okay?" Freya said sitting down at the huge dining room table.  "Oh good, is ah, Miss Monroe okay?" Matt asked. After she gave him that detention and he apologized, he actually really started to like her. Hamlet was a struggle for him, but watching the movie clips and Elijah's tutoring helped.  Freya didn't know if she should say, "Oh, she's dead", so she just said, "I'm sure she will be." She never lied and would not start now.  Elijah gave her a curious glance. Klaus came in and started talking to the boys about their days to get their mind off of everything.  "Elijah, could Freya and I have a word in the study? Gentleman, I know it is not your clean up night, but I shall give all of you a hundred dollar bill each if you clean the kitchen to Uncle Elijah's satisfaction," Klaus said generously. Elijah had to bite his tongue to not say a word. Klaus sometimes didn't realize how he tended to spoil his children. He meant well, but it really wasn't good for them in the long run.  Matt groaned, "Dad, you don't have to pay us. We live here. Really, it's fine." Tyler kicked him under the table. Klaus kissed Matt on the head, "Matthew, it's okay. You can take Abby to a nicer place than the Grill when you're ungrounded, okay? And Tyler, if you kick him one more time..." Klaus smiled and messed up his hair, he didn't have the heart to finish the threat.  "Sorry, Dad...Sorry, Matt," Tyler laughed, starting to get up and clear the plates.  Elijah winced when he heard a plate smash.  "Keep walking, brother, we have bigger issues to deal with," Klaus said putting his arm around Elijah. "She's dead!" Elijah spat out. "And he's been killing on the side."  "I mean, in his defense, or in comparison, it's been very mild compared some massacres that he has committed in the past," Klaus admitted.  "Sometimes with you at his side," Elijah reminded him.  "That is true. But it's been over 200 years since I had a slip up.  We need to keep a firmer grip on him," Klaus announced.  "Well, just like his nephews, he can consider himself grounded until further notice. He does play with the boys and help with them during the day, but maybe he can help them with their studies more. He can help me with my potions. He can make the very salve that is going to causing him a great deal of regret soon. Do you know he fed from that woman though she was full of vervain?" Freya shared.  "Ugh, it's like drinking lye soap. Awful. I don't think I could do it," Elijah admitted.  "I'll check on Vanessa in a moment, but when he massacred that hospital, brother, we thrashed him every other day for a week. Now, he was healing, but after the switching Elijah gave him, a little hiding made him swear that he would be a perfect saint," Klaus mused.  "Actually, he was well-behaved for years after that. I kept a switch on the mantle and we kept him close to home for a long time after that. He wants to be good, but he truly lacks the motivation at times. Now, with Davina gone, he's going to need us more than ever," Elijah said plainly. "I think Freya gives him a thrashing tonight, you the night after that and me the night after that. If he can behave himself, he can avoid the forth one. If not, we'll make it a triple crown affair. If Vanessa turns, he will be in charge of helping her transition," Klaus offered.  "It's a plan. God, what if she doesn't transition. If he killed her, she's a hunter," Freya wondered.  "We'll cross that bridge when we come to it. Now, do you need any help for tonight?" Elijah asked Freya.---------------****Kol took his shower. He tried not to think of Davina and what the ancestors may be doing to her. None of this was her fault. To be born a witch came with power, but also much responsibility. In the old times, witches feared being hunted and executed from outsiders, now the covens attacked their own.  After dressing for bed, Kol drank his blood bag. He felt a little sick from the vervain. What had he been thinking? If he was a regular vampire, he would have been unconscious. He wondered if Vanessa had turned. In his exploits, Kol had turned many vampires, but rarely stuck around to help them adjust. Yes, he was a dead beat dad in that sense.  Freya knocked and came in.  He wanted to cry looking at his beautiful eldest sister, so alive, still so young. She had a determined look on her face.  He also wondered how Rebekah and Marcel were holding up.  "Freya, did Vanessa wake up?" Kol asked quietly. "Not yet, that I know of, Niklaus is going to check on her now," Freya replied.  "So, they sent you to be the executioner? Short end of the stick, eh?" Kol joked lamely.  "I was doing this whether they liked it or not. Now, they did like it, so we all agree. But I need to you to know that we all feel for you. And, sweetheart, you're going to be okay. But as I said earlier, you need this," Freya smiled.  "So...what is 'this'," Kol wanted to be anywhere but here right now, yet he didn't want to be alone. "So, you are grounded until further notice. That's for everyone's protection due to the murders that you committed and hid that had the town council in a tizzy," Freya said slowly. "Grounded, like Matt and Jeremy? I don't drain someone every time I go out, luv," Kol started to arguing.  "There will be no arguing," Freya said fixing him with her stare.  "Yes, m'am. And?" Kol asked nervously.  "And I'm giving you your punishment tonight," She said slipping the wooden spoon out of the back of her waistband and tossing it on the bed. "Really, dear sister, I know you are strong, but you know I'm an Original vampire. Is there any point to this charade? A few whacked with that from you isn't going to hurt me much," Kol scoffed. He wasn't sure he could submit to a spanking from Freya. With Nik and Elijah, it was different, they were both stronger than him and could physically over power him when they needed to. With Freya, he would have to force himself to take the whacks, the thought terrified him.  "Well, I have a few witchy tricks up my sleeve. Don't worry about that," Freya smiled. Kol flushed and wanted to die of shame. He supposed if he wanted to make Davina proud, he would have to accept the consequences for his foul deeds and immature behavior. He deserved far worse in truth.  "Aye, Freya, I'm sorry about this. I love you for trying to help me. I truly do not deserve your kindness. I do want to be better and if this is what it takes, I will try my hardest, although I might die of embarrassment first," Kol submitted.  "That's going to be the least of your worries come the day after tomorrow when Elijah tends to you, then the night after, you spend with Niklaus. If your behavior impresses her and you can take your spankings like a big boy, the forth day can be cancelled, if not..." Freya paused and cringed.  "What, darling. Just tell me," Kol begged. "All three of us are going to spank you," Freya concluded.  "Ah, bloody hell! That's like medieval, not even some of the Spanish inquisitors were that cruel," Kol whined.  "Whining will not save you, brother. Now I will admit that Elijah mentioned a switch, so I really think you need to do your best to cooperate, okay?" Freya warned. Kol paled and bit his lip, "He said that?" "If a switching is going to keep you from kidnapping and murdering local school teachers then that is what we are going to do to keep everyone safe. And I'm sure Niklaus will be treating you to a hearty session with the wooden paddle. It seems to help the boys behave a mite better than you have been lately," Freya snapped.  Kol nodded and grimaced, "Well, when you put it that way, I guess I cannot argue. Where do you want me? Over the couch? The bed?"  Freya laughed, "Don't be silly, you are going right over my knee."  Kol paled even more, "I won't fit." Freya sat far back on the bed, grabbed her spoon. She had a pouch of liniment that she had created.  "Kol, be a dear and grab two bath towels and a damp wash cloth, would you?" Freya asked politely. Kol did as she bade him. She took the one bath towel and spread it over her lap. No use getting the oily liniment all over her.  "Take down your sweats. You can leave your underpants up for now. Lay over my lap. Quickly, you don't want extra swats, believe me," Freya warned him sternly.  Kol undid his drawstring pants and dropped them to his ankles. He just kicked them off. He was wearing tight black boxer briefs and a white undershirt. His whole body flushed at standing in front of his sister like this.  If her intent was to make him feel young and vulnerable, it worked. "Over, hurry up," Freya demanded. Kol's arms and legs would be supported by the bed.   To protect his modesty, she ordered him to lift up and yanked down his briefs to his knees. He wanted to shout out in protest, but he thought of Davina and the innocent woman he had killed tonight. Freya opened her strange pouch of liniment. She started smoothing it over his backside and thighs. It smelled old to him, and a tad flowery. "This is a new recipe of mine. It will slow your healing and since you enjoyed the vervain so much tonight, I added a little. It may burn, but I think you will learn a strong lesson," Freya dictated.  "Freya, really? I won't heal? Isn't it bad enough that you're seeing my bare arse?" Kol gasped. He was starting to feel a little burning.  "Oh, Kol, don't be ridiculous. I was a nurse for a time in my year in the 19th century. You will heal, but closer to a human rate until this wears off. Now, when the last time you got a spanking? This might hurt worse than that," Freya demanded.  "Answer me!'Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! "I'm waiting!"Freya started swatting him lightly all over his backside. She knew she didn't want to wear out her hand. "I asked you a question. When was the last time you got a spanking?" Freya repeating smacking Kol's behind right in the center across both cheeks until she got an answer. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! "Um, Nik walloped me for *crack* not telling them Marcel left for New Orleans and trashing my *spank* room a few months ago," Kol gasped trying not to move out of position. "Did he use his hand on your bottom?" Freya pressed.  "No, he paddled me *swat*with a damn bath brush. It really *smack*hurt," Kol remembered.  "Were you angry with him after?" Freya inquired.  Kol thought back, "No, *swat* ouch. Um, I was angry at him before,*swat* but not after. *swat* He stayed with me and..." "What, sweetheart?" Freya said, now smacking the crease under his cheeks with her hand. "He fed with his *crack* blood. I had *spank* been hungry and he healed *swat* me and then held me all night," Kol began to cry. "Why are you upset, baby brother?" Freya said still smacking him, now swatting each cheek in the center once and going side to side.  "I don't deserve all of you. I'm really bad sometimes. If Davina knew, she wouldn't want me," Kol sobbed. Freya had paused and started to tear up herself. He was in so much pain, but yet he had caused pain also.  "She would forgive you anything, but we are going to get your behavior under control. I mean it Kol, you are wonderful with your nephews and little brothers. They know you love them and they love you, but no more sneaking out, feeding on innocents, cursing. Any of that kind of misbehavior is going to get you sent to your room and spanked. I don't think your nephews and brothers need to know you are being punished. They look up to you and want to be like you. You need to be an example to them," Freya lectured in a a calm, even voice. She wasn't sure he was hearing every word but she was swatting him slowly now and turning his whole behind an even pink.  "I will be, sister. I will do it for all of you. I'm sorry for hiding it all. It's really smarting and burning," Kol confessed. He was trying to not kick, he knew he looked silly, but he couldn't help himself. The liniment was working to make the effects of the spanking more intense and acute. It was stronger than the salve she made before. She wasn't even sure this could be used on Marcel. "Okay, I'm going to put more liniment on, and then you're getting the spoon," Freya shared. He jerked a little as she smoothed more of the oily substance over his sore cheeks. It felt so cool and soothing at first and then the burning kicked in.  "You can kick, but no reaching back and trying to get up," Freya demanded picking up the large wooden spoon. She tapped his behind with it a few times and his stomach dropped. The only way she could continue the spanking was to think of Vanessa, who was now dead... Doomed to the bloodlust and rage that had killed her for eternity. Pop! Pop! Pop!  "Ahhhh," Kol yelled out and almost pushed himself up after getting three sharp smacks to his sit spots. Crack! Crack! Crack! He tried to grip his hands together under his head, but the pain was just too intense and his hand shot back.  Smack! Smack! Smack! "Put your hands behind your back. Now," Freya insisted giving him a pillow to put under his head. She had some experience in having a naughty child, or even servant over her knees throughout her centuries. Freya had even had some experience on the other side, from living and working with families over the last 1000 years, especially when she had escaped from Dahlia's grasp.  She held Kol's wrists behind his back and began to continue paddling him hard with the spoon. The instrument soon was leaving circular shaped red marks that were white for a moment, blotchy everywhere they touched. Kol did start kicking hard and rocking from side to side, but he could not avoid the spoon. The pain was so sharp that each whack took his breath away and almost stunned him. It was shocking to him.  "S-stop, please. I won't kill anyone or drink their b-blood. Oww," Kol moaned wiggling and thrashing as much as he could. "Your temper tantrum tonight cost someone her mortal life," Freya said swatting his thighs firmly now, as Kol broke into heavier sobs and wails. Freya took a moment to let him breath. Hurting him was painful to her, but she knew he couldn't move on, until he was forgiven and forgave himself. This hunger and bloodlust was not natural, their mother Ester cursed him with this. To have to fight the urge to feed off of humans, made immortality seem like a nightmare. Freya used this anger to pepper Kol's backside with another minute of smacks that left him kicking and almost pushing himself up.  "Behave yourself. You deserve every smack don't you?  What am I punishing you for?" Freya asked ruefully. She paddled the center of his behind firmly which caused him to shriek and raise up for a moment.  Kol sobbed out, "Killing Vanessa, other people, lying, sneaking around, and...ouch! Bloody-" Pop! POP! POP! "That would be cursing," Freya reminding him now paddling the spoon on his thighs until the crest of his backside to right under his behind was a deep red. Some spots were almost purple. She realized that Kol had stopped struggling and was just slumped over her lap weeping.  "I miss her so much already, Freya. What if they are torturing her?" Kol cried. She let go of his hands and he brought them to his face. She instructed him not to touch his bare backside or his hands would burn from the vervain. "Kol, you can't worry about her or control what happens. Davina will come back. What you can control is how you spend the time until she comes back. If you become a maniac, how is Davina going to feel? Who is she going to depend on? You have to be strong and brave and the good person you were meant to be. And when you slip up or need help, we're here to talk or smack your behind, whatever you need us to do," Freya promised. Kol sniffed and agreed.  "Kol, does it hurt more than when Klaus last spanked you? You took that really well. I'm proud of you. Be honest, how much does it hurt?" Freya wondered.  "Aye, Freya. Even when I haven't had a lot of blood, the healing is so much faster normally. I mean not that I get smackings that much anymore, but you know, this hurts a lot more. I haven't been in this much pain since I was human," Kol whined. Freya had gotten the impression that Elijah had also spanked Kol at least once since they were all back together.  "Okay, I'm just to use this wet rag and put some of the other salve on to stop the vervain from burning so much. It's going to sting, but then I think it will start to heal again. But again, don't touch your behind or your hands will hurt," Freya ordered, gently blotting his throbbing backside. "Oww, ouch. P-please, s-stop," Kol begged and started kicking again like a little boy as she added the other salve. In a moment though, it cooled down and he got some relief. Freya pulled up his underpants as gently as she could.  "Okay, little brother, can you get up?" Freya said. She stood up with him and hugged him tightly. He hugged her back and looked into her eyes.  "I don't like doing that, Kol. It was harder than I thought it could be, but we aren't going to lose you. Not to a box, not to despair or grief. We need you, too. Are you okay?"  "I'm okay, luv. Sore as all, well it hurts. So ya are a Mikaelson truly, I never would have guessed you could smack that hard. You know when you pinned my hands, I couldn't move, what was that, some magic?" Kol smiled, wiping his face with the clean towel she handed him. And then putting his sweats back on.  "No, sweetheart, I think that was your guilty conscience making sure you learned your lesson," Freya laughed.  "That spoon and your new liniment would teach the devil himself to be an angel. I mean it, sister, I don't deserve all of you helping me. Thank you for standing by me, always and forever," Kol said getting emotional.  "If you say you don't deserve us one more time, I'm going to pull down your pants and swat you on your sore behind. Now, stop it," Freya scolded lightly. "I yield. I can't take a single more smack. But I have a question. Do you think it would be okay if we went and checked on Vanessa?" Kol asked.  "I don't see why not. You're grounded to the house, but not confined to your room.  Klaus should be with her still," Freya reported.  Kol admitted, "I'm a little nervous. It's been a century since I sired anyone. Sometimes they don't work out like ya think they do."  "Well, at least she can't be a hunter anymore," Freya offered.  Kol agreed, "Unless she is like deep undercover. Double agent? Is that what they call it? Could work.""Stranger things have happened around here," Freya. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Klaus went upstairs to settle an argument between the boys over someone breaking one of the game controllers. The older boys suspected Finn had broken it, and were not happy.Elijah sighed. Klaus would probably just go buy them a new entire gaming system tomorrow. Elijah knew his brother felt guilty that he wasn't spending enough time with them, but with five now, it was hard to give them "quality time." Elijah wasn't sure what that was, but he knew that soon he'd have to have a discussion with his brother about giving into and indulging these boys so much. Yes, they had all had losses, but they also needed structure and boundaries, not more toys to fight over. Elijah was down in the basement waiting for the attractive brunette to wake up from her death, she was so slender and delicate. He had an urge to smooth back her hair, yet he restrained himself. As long as her heart had still been beating while she got at least a drop of Kol's blood, she should turn. Perhaps with the levels of vervain in it, though, the transformation didn't work? Elijah opened his book and began reading. It was nice to have some quiet time. Sadly, it had to be due to his younger, grieving brother's impropriety. In truth, if this was the worst of Kol's fit, they were in good shape. But his brother would still need to be punished. His heart ached when he thought of the Harvest witch and their sister and Marcel. None of them deserved this, but witches did like their power.  Elijah heard a slight intake breath."Here, here, Miss Monroe, you are alright. Remember me, Elijah Mikaelson? We met before. You'll recall all that happened the weekend we compelled you now," Elijah soothed, as her eyes looked wildly around.  "Where? What? Am I dead? He drained me...the quarry, he was going to throw me in the quarry," Vanessa gasped.  "Yes, I'm sorry. My little brother accidentally killed you. Well, the vervain in your system probably slowed him down, allowing him to try to heal you," Elijah explained.  "I have a heart condition. I had a surgery and it didn't go well," Vanessa replied, getting up.  "That explains your premature death then. I'm afraid what you are feeling now is your transformation. You need to drink human blood or you will face a true death," Elijah shared.  "I can't be a vampire! They killed my best friend, Isobel. I became a hunter to fight them. That's why I came to this damn town," Vanessa exploded.  "Miss Monroe, Vanessa, if I may, please calm down. Your senses are heightened as a vampire. Irritation can grow into rage, sadness can grow into despair, etc. very quickly.  If you don't drink this blood, you will die. It is your choice, of course, but you are a young woman. You can still live, albeit, a bit differently. If you will allow me, I will assist you. It's been a long time since I helped a young vampire, it is never easy to change. Not everyone is cut out to live as this. But I have the sense that you may do very well. Will you give it a try?" Elijah asked politely.  Vanessa took the offered blood bag and drank. She was so thirsty. She knew she wasn't thinking clearly. She drank and drank and drank. Elijah laughed at the empty blood bag. He knew she wanted more."That's enough for now. We don't want you turning into a ripper. I'll teach you moderation and then you can go back into the world, when you are ready," Elijah said. "I do remember this place. I was here with the Mayor. I thought I was losing my mind. That whole weekend was a blur. I almost checked myself into rehab for alcohol abuse. So Kol Mikaelson, the teenager, is a vamp? No wonder he was always drinking at the Grill. Where is he? I'll like to have a word with him," Vanessa insisted.  "I'm right here," Kol said coming down the hall, with Freya at his heels. Elijah could tell he had been crying and was walking stiffly. His esteem of his eldest sister grew. She was a Mikaelson, through and through.  "Kol wanted to come down and check on you. I don't know if you remember, but I'm Freya," Freya said smiling.  "Yes, I do. All my old memories of this place and that weekend I was here after the hunter attack returned. Thank you. You were very kind to me," Vanessa admitted.  Kol looked at his siblings, "If you don't mind, can I talk to her alone?" Elijah looked at Vanessa to see if she was okay with that, she nodded. "Call us if you need us," Freya said. She and Elijah went to her lab. She wanted to share the results of her new liniment that she had just used on Kol with great success. Not that Kol was happy about it, in 1000 years nothing had ever slowed his vampire healing to such a degree from just a liniment.  "Vanessa, I am so sorry. I never should have-," Kol began. Vanessa slapped him as hard as she could across the face.  "You killed me," she accused.  The slap stung but only for a split second. His neck flushed at her withering glare. "I know," Kol said. He was leaning against the wall with his arms crossed and his head down.  "I knew something was up with you. You were no high school kid, but this? I never imagined. And Alaric, my friend, my dead friend's husband also knew. I feel like a fool! I was trying to save people from death and you were the murderer. Then, I let you murder me. So much for my training," Vanessa scoffed.  "Vanessa, please. I'm an ancient vampire. An army of you couldn't have fought me. Witches did get my girl, I was spun out of control. I know that she wouldn't want to see me like that. I understand if you hate me, but I am here for you if and when you need me," Kol professed.  "I guess someone turned you, too," Vanessa mused.  "Aye, me own mum. Then, our dad spent a 1000 years hunting us down. But now, Dad is a chum, mum's gone...Look, there is no way I can say how sorry I am or make it up to you, but I mean it. If you let me, I'll try. If you want me to bugger off, I will," Kol pledged.  "Could you get me another blood bag?" Vanessa asked hopefully.  "Darling, Elijah told you to wait didn't he?" Kol smiled.  Vanessa nodded a bit, "I'm still hungry."  "I'm in enough trouble around here without turning you into a ripper. You're going to be hungry for a while, but it gets better," Kol admitted.  "Trouble? For taking your brother's car?" Vanessa prompted.  "Nah, more like for killing you and the other blokes. But you don't want to know the details," Kol mentioned, wanting to rub his still raw backside.  "Oh no, I think I do want to hear more. If I'm stuck down here, entertain me. It will keep me from wanting to throw you in the quarry. Tell me," Vanessa pressed.  "Well, just like a teenager, I got myself grounded until further notice," Kol confessed. "Really, that's how ancient vampires deal with murder and mayhem these days?" Vanessa wondered.  "That's not all, luv," Klaus vamped in and said.  "Klaus! I was just apologizing to V-Vanessa," Kol stuttered.   "Good. I hope she knows you are in disgrace and are being duly chastised," Klaus said firmly.  "Aye," Kol said simply, praying to some god that Klaus didn't elaborate.  "How are you feeling, Miss Monroe? Elijah said you had some blood," Klaus said softly.  "Yes, I feel pretty good actually. I was born with a heart condition. So ironically, I could have dropped dead at any moment. Not that I am totally forgiving you, Kol," Vanessa scolded, glancing back at Kol.  "Well, I'm going to have a chat with my brother. I know you will be thirsty. It is best at first to fight it and go easy as much as you can. To indulge too much seems to make the hunger stronger later. I'll send Elijah and Freya back down to see to you in a moment," Klaus said indicating to Kol to follow him.  "Again, Vanessa. I'm sorry. Can I visit you later?" Kol asked.  "I suppose I don't have much else to do," Vanessa said sitting back down.  Klaus took Kol into the elevator to go to Freya's lab on the floor above. "Turn around," Klaus said plainly when the elevator doors closed. Kol couldn't help but cover his aching backside with his hands and beg,"Nik, please, I can't take more right now. She wore me out with that spoon." "Kol, move your hands now," Klaus ordered. Kol braced his hands on the wall. Klaus pulled his waistband down and looked. Kol couldn't help but groan a little as he felt the fabric scrap again his skin as Klaus pulled down one side.  "Look, your backside is red and looks a little sore. No bruises," Klaus said. Kol glanced back into the mirrored wall and saw that he was correct.  "I could have sworn that I was black and blue. Nik, that new stuff she used on me had vervain in it. It really hurt, but I deserved it. I keep thinking of what Davina would think of what I've done," Kol said tearfully. Klaus' attempt to be stern with his brother collapsed. He replaced the waistband of his pants carefully and drew him into a side hug.  "We're here for you. I swear to you, we will get her back from those witches if we have to execute every French Quarter witch left," Klaus promised.  The elevator door opened and Klaus pulled Kol out. Kol wiped away his tears. They entered Freya's work area. Freya had an array of glass jars, tinctures, potions, and herbs all over the table.  Elijah turned and said, "How are you feeling now? Freya said you took quite a trouncing."  "Yes, brother. I'm sorry. It won't happened again," Kol pledged with downcast eyes.  "Well, we'll talk further about it tomorrow. Go on to bed, you look tired. I'll be up soon to say goodnight," Elijah said patting him on the shoulder.  Kol walked off and muttered, "Sent to bed with no supper and now I'm to be tucked in...I grow younger each moment." Elijah heard and called, "There's some rack of lamb leftover!" Klaus rolled his eyes. Freya mused, "Oh, he actually did miss dinner."  Elijah was impressed with the new liniment Freya created.  Klaus volunteered to sit with Vanessa some more to get her settled. Freya decided to see if Bonnie could start work on a daylight ring soon. They would have to keep a close hold on Vanessa until she could control herself. ---------*****Elijah went to check in on the boys next.  "Uncle Elijah, it's not fair. Finn keeps coming in here and messing with our stuff. He broke that controller on purpose because...," Tyler started strong and then paused. "Because of what Tyler?" Elijah asked. He had just brought Kol a tray of food and a large mug of blood and he was tired himself.  "We wouldn't let him play," Tyler admitted.  Elijah sighed. He knew they were all expecting a lecture, but he recalled times when his younger siblings broke his things and annoyed him. Hell, they still did it at times.  "What did your father say?" Elijah asked.  "He's just going to buy them their own system," Matt added.  "Then, they get the new system...which is kind of bull," Jeremy concluded.  "It can be frustrating, I know. But just keep in mind how much they want to play with you. If Finn broke it on purpose, that is another matter and I'll speak to him about it," Elijah promised.  "I think he needs more than a little talk, Uncle Elijah, if you don't mind me say," Tyler grumped.  "Hey, I hear your frustration, but there have been plenty of times you got a pass or a second chance when you didn't quite deserve it either, hmm.  With everything happening with Davina, we're just glad you are all safe," Elijah said carefully.  "Any news?" Jeremy asked. "Not on that front.  Davina is gone for now. We don't know when, but she'll be back. I hope soon. Now, if you have no more questions. I'm off to bed," Elijah said.  "Ah, Uncle Kol? What happened with him taking off and Miss Monroe?" Matt asked skeptically. "Yes, well, it seems your uncle turned your English instructor into a vampire, Miss Vanessa Monroe. So, yes, she's in the basement level again. Let's keep that to ourselves for now. Good night," Elijah said lightly.  The boys looked at each other in shock.-------------------*****Rebekah and Marcel couldn't find out what the witches did with Davina's body. They assumed she was interred in the Lafayette Cemetery deeply hidden. They were no longer besides themselves, just angry. "Even if we found her, what could we do?" Marcel hissed pacing inside the courtyard of The Abbatoir, the family compound.  "I'm sure Freya and Bonnie could figure something out. Do you think we should have them come here?" Rebekah asked watching him pace.  "I don't know. I just don't know. From the second that coven started the Harvest, this was always going to be the outcome. This is one of the reasons I banned magic. I just couldn't trust them," Marcel fumed.  "Marcel, I just can't leave here without her. Maybe we can try some of the other eight covens? I know they won't help a vampire, but if we found someone who could infiltrate them. I don't know, a rogue witch?" Rebekah threw out.  "We'll look into every possibility. I know she's not dead for good, but it doesn't really help. Wherever she is, I hope she is giving those ancestors a run for their money," Marcel said, trying to smile.  "They have finally tangled with the wrong witch! Come on, you've been pacing for hours. I promised I'd call home and check on them," Rebekah said leading him upstairs. "I just hope your brother didn't do anything crazy. In the 200 years I've known him, he's done the right thing about-never. They are gonna have their hands full," Marcel retorted bluntly.  "They already do," Rebekah said dialing.
  
    Chapter Text
    Vanessa's second day of being a vampire was a strange one. She slept, but had vivid dreams. All of her dreams were about blood. It was as if every cell in her body cried out for it.  Freya brought her a blood bag in the morning and asked how she slept. Freya then gave her a strong herbal tea that they hoped would help her blood lust at least a little. Vanessa's other senses were much more attuned. She heard every clink and clank in the pipes, saw individual dust motes in the air, and smelled things in other rooms.  "Freya, what about my condo and my job? Will people just think I'm dead?" Vanessa asked while sipping on her blood.  "I think Alaric is taking care of all of that. He is willing to stop by when you are ready to see him," Freya reassured her.  "I'm afraid to be around regular humans. I know you could fight me off with magic if I attacked you, but others? It just seems too risky," Vanessa admitted.  "Well, I need to get the boys up. Elijah usually makes sure the older kids get off to school on time, but the younger ones have a tutor who comes in about an hour," Freya reported.  "If they need an English teacher, you have me. Not really busy down here," Vanessa joked.  "Vanessa, that would actually be great, maybe tonight if you feel up to it? We'll pay you of course," Freya offered.  "I mean need a new job anyway if being in a school is too tempting. Don't want to drain any of the students," Vanessa said quietly.  "Oh Vanessa, don't worry. We'll get you through this. After all, this is all my handsome, but mischievous little brother's fault," Freya said the last part loud enough for Kol to hear as he came into the room.  "I cannot disagree with the handsome part," Kol smirked. "Behave yourself," Freya warned lightly as she left.  "Yes, ma'am," Kol replied.  "You look better today. Did you bring me any blood?" Vanessa asked hopefully.  "No, luv. I'm sorry. I know it's hard but less is more at the start believe me," Kol cautioned.  "Or what? You'll toss my corpse into the quarry?" Vanessa scoffed.  "My nephew Matt yelled at me this morning at breakfast for turning you. He said you were the only literature teacher he ever liked," Kol shared.  "Ah, so they know now?" Vanessa asked surprised.  "Well, they live here so it's kind of hard to hide things. They use the weight room one level up. You know, you're not a prisoner, right?  It's just these first few days and weeks are especially rough," Kol explained.  "I know. I think it's better I said here. My emotions have been back and forth like a pinball," Vanessa confessed.  "Hey, we have pinball, pingpong, pool, and all that stuff in our game room. Maybe we can go up later, once the boy's tutor leaves?" Kol offered.  "No thanks. But you could bring me some books.  That would be nice," Vanessa suggested.  "Deal," Kol agreed. ___________*****Kol spent the day helping Freya with the younger boys and her various little chores. Klaus was upset because Marcel and Rebekah weren't sure when they were coming back.  Elijah was looking into witch affairs and his contacts trying to see how the coven got Davina. No one heard from Mikael.  By the next afternoon, Kol was getting anxious. He knew it was his "date" with Elijah, or 'round two' as he thought of it was coming up soon. Freya had mentioned him getting a switching, which was something he feared, especially if he got another dose of that liniment. Kol knew truly that he deserved a far worse consequence, and could not rightly beg for mercy. The worry of it all, did keep his mind from what the ancestors might be doing to Davina. His siblings were keeping a close eye on him, making sure that he ate, slept, and wasn't cracking up again. As he had told Vanessa, Matt was upset about his uncle murdering and turning his now-favorite teacher. All Kol could do is admit that it had been a mistake and that it shouldn't have happened. It sounded lame even to him, but what else could he say?  After the evening meal, Elijah supervised the kitchen clean-up.  Klaus was talking about hiring another housekeeper, but Elijah argued it was good for the kids to have responsibilities. The cleaning crew did come twice a week. Kol wondered if they were afraid he'd drain the next housekeeper, especially now that they knew about his little secret outings that resulted in murder. "Niklaus got us two new game systems today, Elijah," Finn told Elijah as he handed him a plate.  "Oh really? Two?" Elijah smiled, but inwardly groaned.  "Yes, a 360 and a PS3!" Jeremy intoned looking none too pleased.  "I thought you boys already had those in your room," Elijah replied glancing from the kitchen to see where Niklaus was. He really needed to have that talk with him.  "No, we just had a playstation and a Wii that Jer brought from his house. It's kind of not fair that they get two new systems because Finn is breaking our controllers and messing with our games," Matt answered.  "Look, gentleman, you need to learn how to share and stop bickering over all of this nonsense or I'm going to lock it up in my safe," Elijah snapped.  Matt looked hurt. Jeremy looked closely at Elijah to see if he was serious.  "Uncle Elijah, you don't understand! They got rewarded for breaking our stuff. That's why we're mad!" Jeremy shouted.  "Jeremy, I don't like your tone one bit. If it were up to me, you would not be permitted to play any games while you are being restricted to this house-," Elijah started.  "Well, I guess we're lucky it's not up to you!" Jeremy cried, throwing down his dishtowel on the counter and walking out.  "Jeremy, come back here right now!" Elijah called. "Want me to get him?" Matt asked softly.  "No, Matthew. It's okay. Let him go cool off, but thank you. I'm sorry I didn't mean to snap at you," Elijah responded. ----------****Jeremy slammed into their room and threw himself on the bed. He knew he was already grounded and probably going to get into more trouble, but he didn't care.  Tyler was usually the hot head, but he was out somewhere with Caroline, so Jeremy felt he had to defend their position. That Finn was nothing but a little brat. Henrik was more low key, but took up a lot of Klaus' time lately too. Jeremy wasn't jealous, just irritated, he told himself. Jeremy texted Bonnie that he was probably going to be grounded forever now. She replied that she was having dinner with her dad and would talk to him later. Jeremy pulled out his ipod nano and started listening to music. He just wanted to be left alone anyway.  A few minutes later, Jeremy felt a tap on his arm.  "What?" he yelled turning.  It was Finn.  "Jeremy?" Finn said tentatively. "Yeah, sorry, man. I had my music up loud. Did Uncle Elijah send you?" Jeremy asked looking up at the door. He was thinking if he got called to the study, he was getting his butt whupped.  "No, but we are watching a movie downstairs if you want to come," Finn asked slowly.  "Nah, Finn. I'm in a really bad mood," Jeremy admitted.  "Why?" Finn asked.  Jeremy felt a spike of irritation, but let it go.  "I don't know," Jeremy admitted.  "Is it cause you hate me?" Finn asked tentatively. "What? Finn, no man, I don't hate you. Why do you think that?" Jeremy asked taking off his headphones and sitting up. "I heard you talking," Finn continued.  "Finn, I don't hate you. I was mad about the controllers and you messing with our room and not getting in trouble, okay?" Jeremy admitted.  Finn paused a second and didn't say anything.  "What is it, Finn?" Jeremy asked.  "Nothing," Finn said, turning to leave.  "Henrik broke the controller, didn't he?" Jeremy said.  "I told him that you guys would be mad. He did't mean to break it. It was an accident!" Finn said excitedly.  "So you took the blame? Dude, we thought you did it on purpose. If we knew the truth, no one would be mad," Jeremy told him plainly.  "Oh, I was just afraid for him," Finn confessed.  "Really. Finn, I'll be honest, I didn't know you cared that much about other people. That's kind of cool that you did that. But in the future, around here, you can just tell the truth, okay? Everyone will try to understand," Jeremy said patting him on the arm.  Finn smiled a little, "Okay, I will. So you will come watch the movie?"  "Sure," Jeremy smiled back getting up.  "Boys, are you coming down? Everyone is waiting," Elijah said from the doorway.  "Yeah, we're coming," Jeremy said pushing Finn a little ahead.  "Good," Elijah said fondly. He didn't want to argue with Jeremy. "Uncle Elijah, I didn't mean what I said before. Sorry," Jeremy said flushing.  "Thank you. I heard the end part of what you said to Finn. I'm very proud of you for being so mature. Now, go watch the movie. I have to do something, but maybe I'll catch the ending," Elijah said hugging him briefly.  "Finn didn't even break the controller, he said Henrik did on accident. Maybe if we had been a little nicer about the whole thing, they would have just told us the truth," Jeremy offered.  "Oh Jeremy, we never know what others will do. All we can control are ourselves. It's going to take some time for you all to learn how to adjust to each other. Hang in there," Elijah consoled walking him out the door.  Jeremy went to join the others and Elijah went to get something in his quarters, then he was off to deal with Kol.__________________****Kol had talked to Rebekah earlier. He tried to be strong on the phone, but hearing the depression and hopelessness in her voice was hard. She asked him if he had been controlling himself and he ended up telling her about Vanessa and the other three he had killed. She was disappointed, but not disgusted with him. She claimed that once Davina was back Marcel would get revenge on the witches and take their ill gotten power away from them.  Elijah had set a tall jar of the liniment on his dresser along side a three foot plastic stick. Kol wasn't sure if it was from some type of tent or something, but it's purpose was clear: it would be used across his backside. Kol bathed and dressed for bed in his typical sleep pants and t-shirt. He had drank an extra blood bag, not sure if this was cheating, but also not sure he could take the pain of a thrashing well tonight.  "Hello, brother. I'd ask you if you are ready, but I'm not sure either of us are," Elijah revealed.  Kol looked up in surprise, Elijah usually was very stern and strict at the start of his punishments. "I wish I could do everything differently," Kol admitted.  "You know, you've never been so repentant before, brother. I am not here to judge you. None of us adults are innocent here, save Freya. As vampires, we've all killed many. But with blood banks, things have been easier the past few decades. Yet so many vampires still hunt. Is it our nature? Our purpose? I know not. But what I do know is that you feel for those souls you took from the world recently and Vanessa. You have a humanity and conscious that you haven't always had. That is positive, but when you do something wrong, you suffer the guilt," Elijah started, leaning against the dressed.  "I won't fight you. I mean, I will try to take it," Kol imparted.  "Good. You'll be punished and then we can move on. I want you to tell me about the murders and all that happened before I whack you," Elijah said indicating the stick.  "It was before Davina. There were times I would just find myself outside at night, roaming, hungry. The one bloke was a vagabond. I compelled him to tell me if anyone would miss him and he said no. I drained him and threw his body in the quarry. The second was an evil doer. He told me he was looking for someone to harm. I did the same with him. The third, I think I was upset that night, I'm not sure over what and I drained the body and threw the head. The next night Tyler and his friend went out to investigate the scene," Kol explained.  "Did he have your permission?" Elijah asked wrying.  "Absolutely not. He told Freya he did and went to the Grill and then ended up there.  I even punished him as I thought you or Klaus would have done for putting his life in danger. I didn't want him to know it could have been from me, a ripper," Kol testified.  "Why didn't you tell us?" Elijah demanded.  Kol admitted, "Elijah, I just didn't know what to say. Then, Davina came and I no longer found myself outside in the night wandering around. It was like the broken me, became whole." Elijah picked up the liniment, "Well, we are going to make sure this never happens again. If you find yourself in the position of being a ripper, you'll find yourself in the position of getting another whipping afterwards."Kol nodded. Being whipped would maybe be more painful, but less humbling, than just getting spanked. But then he saw Elijah move an armless chair from the other side of the room over. "Come now, Freya made another bit of this liniment. This one will slow your healing, but doesn't have vervain in it," Elijah announced.  "I can just put it on myself. I mean, you don't have to, you  know, do it for me," Kol stammered.  "Young man, I am going to be applying this de facto cane to your behind, but not before I warm you up with a proper spanking.  We both know you learn best over my knee. Sleep pants and underwear off," Elijah said briskly. Kol groaned and even glanced at the door. He might be able to make it? So much for a little dignity. Anytime, he ran from a spanking in the past, it only got him an additional session over the knee. Kol's face colored thinking of the time when he escaped Elijah's discipline for a moment only to be caught and spanked on the spot by Klaus in front of Marcel and Rebekah in the parlor of their compound in New Orleans. He remembered the surprised looks on their faces and then getting marched back up to his bedroom to face the original spanking he had run from. Nay, it was not worth it.  Kol dropped his pants and briefs and kicked them to the side. Seeing Elijah's face, he bent and folded them and set them back on the dresser. Kol's t-shirt did give him some coverage, but not enough.  Elijah directed, "Over my lap, please."  Kol arranged himself so his backside was over Elijah's lap. There were no rungs on the chair so he'd have to hold Elijah's leg or the chair leg. Kol felt the cooling liniment get smoothed on from his hips to his calves. Elijah had whipped him before on the backs of his legs and he always found it extremely painful, so the application of the liniment there was not a good sign.  "I'm going to spank you first with my hand and then you will get your whipping. You ready?" Elijah asked resting his right hand on Kol's glistening behind. "Aye, Elijah," Kol muttered. His head was swimming. He was tall enough that his feet were near to the ground, but he felt ridiculous. Spank! Spank! Spank!Spank!Spank!Spank! Without the fast healing, Kol bit his lip hard, because those first six swats to his cheeks were hard and fast. The last even seemed hard enough to propel him forward further on Elijah's lap. Elijah tightened his left arm, which was braced over Kol's back.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! The second set left him breathless and digging his toes into the carpet. Elijah was now lowering the swats to the top of his thighs.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Kol started to buck and kick at two hard blows to each sit spot.  Elijah then lightened his smacks and started to randomly cover the whole area. Kol clutched onto his leg and tried to control his attempts to move. It became impossible after a time. Elijah smacked his entire backside for two more minutes. Finally, Elijah had to shake the ache out of his hand. He had rarely spanked anyone so hard with his hand for so long. Elijah rested his hand on Kol's lower thighs and tapped them with his hand.  "Do you like being over my knee, little brother?" Elijah asked. He figured if he could take the pain and humiliation, then he would try a different tactic to get through to him.  Swat! Swat! "No! Of course not. I hate it. I'm 1000 years old. I shouldn't have to worry about getting spanked," Kol spat. "Yet, this isn't the first and won't be the last spanking you take this week, why? Tell me why you are here, Kol?" Elijah asked, now rubbing his sore cheeks gently.  "I lost control! I killed people. I lied and hid things. I-," Kol cried. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! "And what?" Elijah asked softly. He heard the tears in his brother's voice. "I didn't ask for help. I wanted you to think I was okay and be proud of me," Kol wailed.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! "Baby brother, I am proud of you. I want to help you. I want to be here for you," Elijah comforted. Elijah was swatting him from cheek to cheek again firmly. "Elijah, I know I'm just a disgrace. I've always been a 'disgrace to this family', You told me that. It's true," Kol sobbed.  Elijah's face fell. Oh god, he had said that to him. It was what? 1913? 1912? Around the time of the paragon diamond, those issues with those gangster wolves, it was true, Elijah had said that. "Kol, get up. Here, get up," Elijah pulled him up to a standing position. Kol's hands went to cover his tear filled face.  "Look at me," Elijah said grabbing his hands, "I never meant that. Come here." Elijah pulled him down to his lap and let his sore bottom hang in the space between his legs.  "Brother, forgive me. I was wrong. I lost my temper with you so much that year. I slapped you in the face twice after the Christmas party, I said that to you, I shouted at you, I was afraid we were losing control of New Orleans and reacted badly," Elijah said hugging him tightly. A century came rushing back in an instant. The good and the bad.  Kol nodded and let Elijah hold him.  "There is no excuse for my cruel words that time. You had been a bit naughty, but we took care of that.  I know things were hard for you then, Marcellus got a lot of the attention from all of us. The factions were fighting terribly. I wish I could take all that pain away, but I can't. Look at me and let me know you forgive me. Brother, I swear to you that I didn't mean it," Elijah said kissing him on the head. Elijah shut his eyes as tears of his own slid down his cheeks.  "Elijah, I forgive you. I do. I don't like being over your knee, but I know you do it to keep me from worst things," Kol admitted.  "And I'm going to give you a licking so you can put this behind you. You still have Niklaus to face the day after. Then, we shall see. I hate to see you suffering over Davina, but I believe she will be back. When she is back, she'll want you to be whole and present, not filled with regret. We love you and will do these unpleasant things, if they help keep you with us. Let's finish this," Elijah said.  Kol wiped his face again and stood up. Elijah moved the chair so that Kol could bend over the back and grip on to the seat. "Bend over. Believe me, I hate to do this, but if a sore backside keeps you sane and functioning...then, that is what we will do," Elijah cautioned.  "Elijah, I don't need a whipping. That liniment. It's always not healing me. Please, don't," Kol begged. He was terrified of the first blow especially.  Picking up the white flexible rod, Elijah came near the chair and lined it up with the center of Kol's backside.  "You don't have to count. Hold on to the chair and do not let go or that will not count," Elijah cautioned. He tapped his backside with the stick and then quickly lifted it and brought it down hard on Kol's upturned bottom.  Whap! Kol cried out but clutched onto the chair.  Whap! Elijah worked his way down to Kol's thighs. He was not hitting as hard as he could have because he knew this was a very sharp, intense pain.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Kol could not help but stomping and yelping as the cane continued it's path to his calves.  The rod was leaving red marks, but not welts. When Elijah reached the calves, he paused.  "What are you going to do the next time you need help, brother?" Elijah said tapping him lightly with the stick.  "Come to you, Niklaus, or Freya and talk," Kol said gasping. He was not longer sobbing, but trying to stay in position with all of his efforts. "If you become overwrought over Davina?" Elijah said whacking him. Whap! "Awww, Rebekah and Marcel told me to call them," Kol groaned. "How are you going to help Vanessa?" Elijah said whipping him again. Whack! "Oww, I-I will be honest with her. I told her that I was s-sorry," Kol yelped as he got another lash.  Whap!"Good. She's a lovely person. I know Matt is upset with you. And Kol, I was very impressed with how nicely you talked to him. I don't think you realize how much those boys do look up to you and love you. You have been nothing, but good to them," Elijah shared.  Tap! "Thank you, 'Lijah," Kol choked out.Tap! Tap! Tap!  "Okay, a few more and then you're going to bed," Elijah said.  Tap! Tap! Tap! Tap! Elijah worked the stick up a little higher and brought it down firmer across the center of Kol's behind three more times. Whack! Whack! Whack! Kol was sobbing heavily now. The whipping had been agonizing, especially used with the liniment.  Elijah left him bent over the chair a moment and peeled back the sheets and comforter on Kol's bed.  "It's over, Kol. You can get up. Come on, let's get you into bed," Elijah walked him over to the bed and helped him get in on his stomach.  "Freya gave me the salve that should help your healing again," Elijah said. There were no welts, but the stick had left red marks and the hard spanking had left Kol's backside looking very painful in spots.  Kol heard Elijah drag over the chair he had spanked him in over to the bed. He felt a pang of fear, yet seconds later he felt the cooling salve being gently applied. Kol was still crying a little into the crook of his elbow. His whole backside to calves area was throbbing and stinging, but what hurt him were his deceit, his failures, and the inability to help his love. Ah, as Elijah smoothed on the salve, he felt some tingling. It was slow, but eased some of the physical pain.  Elijah was now patting his back, "Okay, you're all right.  No more bad feelings. I want you to be happy. I know you don't feel like that is possible, but if you think we're going to let you mope around here until Davina gets back, you got another thing coming. And I mean it, you get upset, come talk to someone." Kol vowed, "I will, 'Lijah. What was that dodgy stick anyway? Rattan?" Elijah smiled, "I found it in the closet. I think it may be the thing that twists the blinds shut. I know that hurt, but I didn't know how I'd get a switch up here without everyone seeing. Plus, even with the sound proofing..." "No, no, thank you, brother. No switch needed. I'll be the best behaved lad here, I swear," Kol sniffed, he did rub his red, raw skin but it hurt so he gave up.  "Well, you are confined to the house. However, if you need to get out, let one of us know and we'll go with you. We shall make sure that you don't eat anyone and that you have trousers on," Elijah said.  "Aye, but no trousers tonight please. Will you stay with me until I fall asleep?" Kol asked. "Always and forever, little brother," Elijah said rubbing his back gently. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Klaus had made sure that Jeremy sat near him during the movie. It was a school night, but he wanted to spend some time with all of them at the same time and he figured it had been a while since they watched a movie together. Freya was down with Vanessa. Elijah was with Kol. While Matt was getting drinks with the younger boys, Klaus asked Jeremy to sit by him.  "Hey, you okay?" Klaus asked smoothing back Jeremy's hair as he always did.  Jeremy colored,"You heard me yell at Uncle Elijah?" Klaus nodded,"Yes, Jeremy, that's not like you." "I apologized to Uncle Elijah upstairs. Finn told me that Henrik accidentally broke the controller. I had accused Finn of doing it on purpose. Sorry, Dad," Jeremy said softly.  "Good. Because you are already grounded. I've been very lenient with you boys lately, but no more warnings. You know how I expect you to behave. Do you understand me?" Klaus warned.  "Yes, sir. It won't happen again," Jeremy promised. "Sometimes I miss it when it was just us, but I also like having everyone around. It's just hard sometimes and I lose it."  Klaus nodded, "I know, son. Let's make sure we spend some time painting or doing something just the two of us this weekend. Like old times.""Here's the drinks and popcorn," Matt said coming back in, he had let Henrik and Finn both hold one thing.  Jeremy smiled and said, "Awesome." -------------*****Tyler was a little frustrated. Caroline was talking to other guys. He knew it. She had a right to, they weren't exclusive. He thought about just throwing in the towel and giving up, but then he decided that some things were worth waiting for. He wondered if Freya would make him a love spell, but he figured if it wasn't real, he didn't want it anyway. With the moonlight ring, Tyler didn't have to worry about turning. However, Tyler wasn't used to wearing a ring. He didn't tell his dad this, but he had forgotten to wear the ring or put it back on a few times. Technically, he only had to wear it on the full moon not to turn, but Bonnie had suggested that he wear it all the time to make sure it worked on the full moon. Tyler promised himself he'd be more responsible about it. He didn't want to turn, just because he forgot to wear the ring they went through so much trouble to make for him.  Matt and Jeremy were still grounded another full week. Tyler did attend a little party at one of his old teammates house's. He had a few beers there and ended up staying over night. Now that he had a moonlight ring, he wondered if he should rejoin the team. Technically, it wasn't possible as the deadline passed, but he thought maybe Uncle Kol or Marcel could compel someone to let him back on.  Tyler had dinner with his mom one night. She mentioned that Miss Monroe was sick and in the hospital. Tyler wanted to tell him mom that she was now a vampire and in their basement, but he wasn't sure how well she would take that. Things between them had been good. His mother seemed happy to be the mayor. He did tell her about the moonlight ring. She didn't mention anything about him "coming home." That suited him just fine. To be alone in that huge house by himself just didn't appeal to him. Someday, he'd be happy to live in the Lockwood mansion, but not now.  Tyler was angry about Davina and what the witches did. He didn't like feeling helpless and seeing how messed up everyone was.  Things at home felt a little off, like they were all waiting for the other shoe to drop.  ------------------****Kol did feel better mentally the day after Elijah took that awful stick to him. He was sore, and still apprehensive about his third punishment. Nik had been busy with the boys and a little distracted about Marcel and Rebekah. There had been a time he had been bitterly jealous over Nik's feelings for Marcel, but those days were over. "There he is," Vanessa said lightly. She was reading Proust.  "A little light reading?" Kol quipped.  "Why not? It does get a little dull down here," Vanessa replied. Kol winced a little as he sat on the couch by Vanessa.  "What's wrong? Do you fall or something?" Vanessa asked with concern.  Kol laughed, "Something like that. How's your hunger today?"  "It was fine until you mentioned it. Now I'm starving. Can you get me a blood bag?" Vanessa begged.  "I wish I could, luv. Gotta follow the rules around here. You know I'm in enough trouble," Kol mused.  "So is visiting me part of the chastisement that your brother mentioned?" Vanessa pressed.  "No, I like to visit you. I'm your sire so technically I owe it to you to take care of you, to look after you, but you can tell me to sod off," Kol smirked.  "You did kill me, but I guess I understand why a little more. I'm sorry about your girlfriend. I didn't know her, but I saw her at school," Vanessa explained.  "She would tear me a new one if she knew some of the things I did, like turn you.  That's why I'm trying to take my punishments like a big boy. Easier said than done," Kol offered.  "Yeah, well, good luck with that. Go put some ice on that ass," Vanessa said going back to her book. Kol flushed and vamped out. Was it that obvious? He hoped she was just kidding. He knew no one in the family would share their methods with just anybody. --------------****By the next evening, the soreness was gone. Kol was ready to get his 3rd round of punishment over with. Klaus seemed to have forgotten.  "Nik, I'm okay if you want to cancel, but don't we have that thing tonight?" Kol prompted Klaus as he was playing video games with Finn and Henrik in their room.  "Oh yeah, brother, you are correct. Can you report to my quarters at say, 9 pm?" Klaus said letting Henrik win the game.  "Yes, sir. I shall be there with bells on," Kol said. He really just wanted to get it over with.  --------------------****Freya found Elijah helping Matt with an assignment for a research paper. "Hey, you know, Vanessa offered to tutor anyone when needed? Now sure if she's ready, but maybe soon?" Freya suggested.  "Too bad, she has to be in the basement in the first place," Matt added.  "Yes, Matthew. It is upsetting and I wish we could have prevented it. However, we just have to make the best of it. Are you alright to try this on your own?" Elijah asked, looking tenderly at the blond haired boy. "Yeah, I think I'm good. Thanks," Matt agreed and said goodbye and left.  "So how was the other night with Kol? I meant to ask you earlier, but today was crazy," Freya reported.  "It was hard. I've never seen him really feel repentance like this before. Love really must conquer all. He holds on to so much, though. I know he always used to feel like Marcellus stole his place in the family. Niklaus daggered Kol once for putting Marcel in danger when he was human and he never really got over it. Then, I was tough on him, too, for years. Remember the first night we met, at the Christmas party?" Elijah recalled. "Of course, it was the first time we every spoke," Freya smiled.  "I had just slapped Kol across the face twice that night. He looked at me with such hurt and surprise that I almost cannot bear to recall it. Freya, I lost it with him.  He was afraid Niklaus was going to dagger him again and he tried to make a dark object to use against him. A little later, he overslept one morning and I caught him feeding from the maid. I knew he was hungry, left him alone writing lines, which I knew he despised and...," Elijah drifted off. "And what?" Freya pressed gently.  "He fed off another maid and got caught again. I think Niklaus thrashed him, maybe it was me, I don't recall, but I told him that he was a disgrace to the family. Freya, he brought that up last night. It was 100 years ago and he's felt like that ever since. And the dagger he feared so much? Right before Father found us in New Orleans, Niklaus had daggered him again. We proved him right, he was right to fear us," Elijah finished.  "Oh brother, you cannot beat yourself up for things that happened a century ago. Is that not what we are trying to purge Kol of now? This guilt, regret, and sadness that eats away at one? We must follow our own counsel. You were being hunted by Mikael. I can't ever say that I can understand what he put you through, but I've heard enough from you, from him, to know that he was serious about killing Niklaus and anyone who stood in his way. If Kol drew Mikael, then perhaps none of us would be here right now?" Freya reasoned.  "Thank you, Freya, for trying to put this in perspective. You're right. I need not wallow in my many mistakes. What's done is done, like I just said to Matthew. Niklaus is probably dealing with Kol now. God knows they have had their ups and downs, but he loves him dearly. If the love of a young girl can heal a broken heart, a haunted spirit, perhaps too can the love of siblings? Speaking of, how do you think the younger boys are doing?" Elijah said wiping a stray tear from his eye quickly.  "Really good, don't they see better to you? More normal, living in the present. I think hanging out with the older boys is good for them. I mean, they fight, but I guess that is typical, right?" Freya wondered.  "Yes, those video machines seem to have brought them together, though they argue over them constantly. Jeremy said something about Henrik being the one to break the controller, but Finn took the blame so no one would be angry with him.  That was never the Finn I knew before, protective and willing to put himself on the line for a brother," Elijah mused.  "We shall take it as a good sign then.  Any progress on the witches? It's odd not to really have a plan. I wonder what they are doing with their spike in power. I daresay nothing good down there," Freya added.  "Yes, when Marcel banned magic and banished the wolves, he created many enemies.  I prefer to attempt to create allies, but perhaps it's too late for that with the New Orleans covens. I really haven't found out much," Elijah admitted.  "In time, brother, in time," Freya ended. ----------------*****Kol took himself to Klaus' room at 9 pm. He felt like a little boy who should be dragging his teddy. He vowed again to not beg for mercy, though if he was going to get whipped again, he thought he might crumple.  He sat on the little couch area in the dark and then strolled out to the balcony attached. In the sliding glass door reflection, he saw himself. Always 17, yet still making childish mistakes. He hoped Vanessa could control her blood lust better than him.  He had taken an extra blood bag again tonight.  It may not help, but it couldn't hurt.  "Here you are, brother, in the dark," Klaus said coming in the room and turning on the light.  "Yes, I've come to learn the errors of my ways. I will admit, Nik, if you use that wicked stick Elijah did on me, you might have to chain me up," Kol confessed.  "That' bad, huh?" Klaus asked.  "It was horrible. Are you going to use Freya's liniment on me, too?" Kol asked knowing that answer.  "Yes, that was part of the deal. Feeling any better today?" Klaus asked puttering around the room. "Aye, I do. Vanessa seems to hate me less. Matt is still angry, but resigned that I turned his teacher. I don't love that Freya is now on the list to give me a clobbering, but I know why you are all doing this," Kol admitted.  "I didn't think of that, but I suppose Elijah and I are on that list, too. So you might get a good show if we push our eldest sister too far," Klaus joked. He really didn't think Freya would ever try to thrash him, but according to family rules, she could.  "I would like to see that, but that bloody liniment is the balm of the very devil himself, Nik. She put vervain in it the first night before she took her spoon to me. I haven't felt pain like that, maybe ever," Kol confessed hotly.  "I'm sorry, little brother, but if it helps you learn your lesson. It stays. We can't have you killing and maiming here in Mystic Falls. You know that. Come now, you look tired again. Did you not sleep well last night?" Klaus asked. Kol shook his head, "I dreamt about Davina all night, being in a dark place. Then, tortured by the ancestors." "Kol, you don't have to wait until you get a hiding to come sleep in here.  I mean that, when you are like that, come sleep in here," Klaus said softly.  Kol nodded. He hadn't wanted to be alone last night. No one knew but he and Davina had shared a bed at night. They hadn't done anything except hold each other, but now he couldn't sleep alone.  Klaus just wanted to go to bed now, but he knew he had to complete his task. His brother was not okay. He had to purge this guilt and sorrow out of him, in the Mikaelson family way. He grabbed some towels and a wet washcloth, like Freya had suggested.  Klaus headed over to his bed and sat, getting out the liniment.  Kol groaned and dragged his feet coming over. "I can put it on myself," Kol objected.  "I know you can, but you are not going to," Klaus said pulling Kol toward him.  Kol reflectively clutched the waistband of his sleep pants as Klaus went to tug them down. "You know better," Klaus said smacking him on the thigh. "Sorry," Kol muttered moving his hands so his brother could push his pants and underwear to his knees.  For a second, Kol's hands went to cover his face in shame. He couldn't do this again, couldn't take the pain and mortification. The indignity of getting another spanking was horrific, most of all, because he felt he deserved it. His pride couldn't say he was being wronged or slighted, not this time.  Klaus saw his face, the turmoil and despair in his eyes.  "Hey, tell me what's going on. I know it's been a while, but brother, it will be over quickly. Talk to me," Klaus said, pulling him down to sit on his lap.  Kol squirmed a moment in discomfit, and then spat, "It's harder knowing I deserve worse than a thrashing. For killing, lying, turning...I can't even say to myself that I don't deserve this ten fold."  "You will be soundly punished, then it is over. And getting a thrashing is worse and hard to take for a moment, then you are forgiven. You've been daggered, shunned, shouted at, banished, and ignored. All those punishments have done is made you feel unloved and alone. You are not. I adore you. I wish that I would have always been able to tell you that. It was easy for me to show affection to Marcel and even Rebekah, but with you, I was afraid you would reject me," Klaus said holding him and whispering in his ear.  "I was angry and jealous much of the time. A waste of immortality. I swear, brother, I will be the person Davina needs me to be. No more lies or hiding my true needs. I do sometimes feel alone and...sad. I will come to you, I swear it," Kol pledged.  "If you don't, you know where you will find yourself," Klaus laughed flipping him over his lap.  "Hey! Ah, that stuff is bloody cold," Kol whined as Klaus started the liniment. Smack! Klaus swatted Kol's thigh. "Watch your language. You can get a bar of soap in your mouth tonight," Klaus warned smoothing the substance all over Kol's exposed backside and thighs.  "Sorry, sorry! Please don't," Kol exclaimed. Klaus tossed him a pillow to put under his head. Klaus arranged him a little by moving back on the bed so both Kol's upper body and legs were on the bed. He wiped his hands on the towel, realizing that they wouldn't heal either coated in that substance. Klaus rested his hand a moment on Kol's backside patting it slightly. "Okay, little boy, you are going to learn what happens when you sneak out for a midnight snack without permission," Klaus said raising his hand and bringing it down crispy on Kol's right cheek.  Whack! Kol bit his lip to not cry out. Whack! Kol felt another hard smack on his left cheek. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Klaus laid down a series of spanks across the center of his backside. Kol again had to brace himself. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!The pain caused him to gasp and start to push himself up.  "No, no, no! What happens when you get out of position?" Klaus warned.  "Ah, owww, ouch. I get another spanking. But Klaus with the liniment, it hurts too much," Kol whined.  "You know when one of the boys gets a smacked bottom, this is what they feel. I haven't had to spank any of them in a while, maybe this is why this is an effective deterrent? Now, stay still," Klaus encouraged giving Kol an extra hard smack on the thigh. "Owwwwww! Brother, b-brother," Kol wailed. He was gripping on the pillow and starting to wiggle his backside out of the way. Klaus held him in place with his left hand on Kol's lower back.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!  Klaus swatted the area below Kol's backside as he thrashed out his legs. The pain was fierce.  Klaus paused a moment. His hand was sore and aching. He had meant to grab the paddleball paddle but it was down in the kitchen junk drawer. He didn't mean to make Kol fetch it, but he needed something. "Oh, I think I have just the thing," Klaus muttered. He reached into his bedside table and pulled out the helping hand paddle that Tyler's mother had given him. He only spanked Tyler with it once, then forgetting about it. It was shaped as a hand and Klaus had to admit it was silly, but effective. Klaus put it on the bed in front of Kol.  "What the hell is that?" Kol groused.  Klaus spanked his other thigh hard.  "That is a wooden paddle for your bottom. Aptly named the 'helping hand.' Little brother, you did not exaggerate. My hand is very sore after applying that slow healing salve. Be glad I'm not going to use that heavier paddle on your misbehaving rear," Klaus added.  "Arghh, okay, okay. I am glad. But that thing looks ridiculous," Kol gasped as Klaus randomly smacked his bottom all over. Klaus was now just trying to apply an even layer of smacks, not using much of his strength.  "Would you rather I fetch Elijah's stick? Hmm, you just button your lip unless you want to get another sound licking before breakfast tomorrow, mister. Complaining doing your punishment? Very naughty," Klaus lectured, still swatting him lightly as Kol struggled not to kick.  "S-sorry, b-brother," Kol stammered, close to tears, but trying not to break down so easily. "I know. Okay, I think you are warmed up enough for the paddle. My hand certainly is worn out," Klaus shared.  Klaus reached to pick up the instrument and patted Kol's bare behind with it. His whole rear and the top of his thighs were not all pink, but getting there. The liniment was causing the burning and sting to linger unbearably. Kol knew it was just going to get worse. He bit his lip to avoid whining.  "Okay, are you ready for your paddling, young man?" Klaus asked now patting a little more firmly with the paddle in the target area.  "No! I can't," Kol blurted as the first swat popped down hard across both cheeks. His legs kicked out and he tried to push himself up. It hurt more than he anticipated, especially on his sore behind. Pop! "That's one, Kol. Two more and you are getting another paddling tomorrow. Now behave," Klaus said firmly swatting him again. Pop! Kol again couldn't stay in place and jerked. He was trying to get off of Klaus' lap. Klaus' left arm held him. "That's two. You are really going to have a sore behind tomorrow unless you settle down," Klaus threatened. Crack! Crack! Klaus targeted Kol's sit spots firmly. Kol threw his hand back and almost got it swatted.  "That's three! I've had it. Give me your hands," Klaus ordered. He pinned Kol's hands and began to paddle him sounded as he thrashed. Klaus heard Kol finally break down and start crying. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop!Klaus knew he was mostly using his wrist to snap the paddle down and not spanking him as hard as he could be. Kol was kicking and thrashing enough that he was having trouble holding him down. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! "Take a minute. I'm going to let this paddling sink in. When you can, tell me why you are being punished," Klaus said smoothing the paddle over his hot, red cheeks. Kol was sniffling and trying to get control of himself. "I killed three people," Kol cried.  Pop! Klaus brought the paddle down hard on both cheeks. "Ouch! P-please, Nik. Sorry, four with V-Vanessa. I l-lied about it. I freaked when Davina was taken and kidnapped Vanessa. I'm sorry. I w-won't try to hide things," Kol promised.  "No more hiding. You are restricted to the house unless one of us is with you. You stay on a regular schedule of eating, drinking, and sleeping. If you can't sleep, come in here with me. When you miss Davina, you can call Rebekah or talk to one of us. No more hiding it," Klaus said. Kol's backside was red and swollen.  He wanted to drive the lesson home.  "Okay, I'm going to let go of your hands. Keep them away from your bottom. These are going to hurt, but after you are forgiven for everything. We don't have to talk about it again unless you want to. You know, I am proud of you for accepting responsibility. I know this has been hard, but now it's over," Klaus said softly. Pop! Pop! Pop! POP! POP! POP! POP!POP!POP!POP!!! Klaus ended the spanking with ten more pops that were firm, but not overly hard. He tossed the paddle on his night stand.  Kol was now sobbing into the pillow and lay still. His backside was shining and glowing. Klaus didn't even want to try to touch it.  "All done, little brother. No more spanking tonight," Klaus whispered. Kol wept, "Tomorrow? I'm getting paddled again?"  "You know better than to misbehave during your spanking," Klaus said rubbing his back softly.  "Sorry, Nik. I-it throbs so bad. I couldn't stay still," Kol confessed. "I know. I'm going to put you in bed. No whining. You are going right to sleep," Klaus ordered.  He opened the other side of the bed and gently tucked his brother in on his stomach. He was afraid to even lay a sheet over him. Klaus cleaned up a little. He finally got the wet cloth and tried to removed some of the liniment and apply the healing salve. Kol whined and wiggled as it stung badly. Klaus finally just slathered on the healing salve and Kol finally fell asleep. In the morning, Kol woke up with his bare bottom smarting, but covered up with the sheet. Klaus was sleeping beside him.  Kol went to the bathroom and looked to see the condition he was in. He was a little pink, but not overly so. Kol pulled on his briefs and winced as the band rubbed against his raw mounds.  Walking back into the room, he noticed a tray of blood for both of them. Elijah must have come in left it and covered him up. He was embarrassed, but also touched.  "You okay," Klaus smiled from the bed. "No, it smarts something awful. Elijah must have left us blood," Kol commented taking a mug.  "Drink up because I'm going to paddle your sore bottom and then we're going down to breakfast. The boys need to be up soon," Klaus mentioned looking at the clock. "Nik, please...This is my fourth spanking in one week," Kol whined.  "Yes, unless you want to make it five. Come here," Klaus threatened. Kol stomped over, now in his briefs and t-shirt. Klaus picked up the helping hand paddle and grabbed Kol. He bent him over slightly and popped him soundly on the rear. Klaus was restraining him with his left arm. "Owww!" He threw his hands back across his bottom. "That didn't count," Klaus said slipping Kol's briefs just below his bottom. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Klaus walloped him hard as Kol stomped and tried to alleviate the sting on his already throughly paddled bottom.  "Bloody hell! That hurts," Kol wailed. "What did I say about cursing?" Klaus chided.  He paddled him again two a little lower as Kol's bottom was glowing.  "Ouch! I'm s-sorry," Kol wailed.  "In the corner, right now," Klaus ordered. "Nik! Haven't I been p-puni-," Kol started.  Klaus grabbed his arm and paddled his hot backside four more times, the hard swats raising Kol to his toes and having him start sobbing.  "Corner, hands on head. Pants down," Klaus repeated sternly.  Kol had one hand on his rear and another wiping tears away.  "Kol, I'm going to put you over my knee and give you another paddling if you don't start behaving. Hands on head, pants down," Klaus said in an even voice.  Kol sobbed but pulled down his underwear, faced the corner, and put his hands on his head.  Klaus wasn't sure if he was being too strict, but something told him that Kol was testing him. His healing should be back to normal right now. He needed to know his family meant what they said when they promised to be there for him, rain or shine.  After about five minutes, where Klaus got dressed for the day, he called Kol out of the corner.  "Come here, please," Klaus said pulling Kol in front of him as he sat back on the bed. Klaus took out a handkerchief and wiped his face.  "Tell me how you are feeling now," Klaus demanded softly.  "I was angry, ashamed, but now I feel sorry," Kol admitted contritely. "We won't abandon you. No matter what you do. You can burn down another hospital and I promise, you will be punished, but we'll be here for here. Kol, sweetheart, don't do that again," Klaus said laughing a little.  Kol smiled through his tears, "I won't. I swear. I love you, Nik. Thank you for standing beside me."  Klaus stood and hugged him.  "I love you, too, little brother. Are you ready to behave and go downstairs? I'm sure Vanessa is looking forward to seeing you and how you fared today," Klaus smiled.  Kol groaned, "She figured it out, didn't she?" Klaus smirked, "Vanessa is no dummy. She said you acted like you sat on a stove when you sat beside her on the couch. Don't worry, I'm sure you can still deny it." Kol shook his head, "No, I turned her. I guess she deserved to know I got my bum smacked a good four times this week." "The rule was is you behaved, you wouldn't get it from all three of us. But did you behave last night?" Klaus asked.  "No, Nik, please," Kol said covering his behind with both hands.  "Kol, I mean it. Are you going to be okay? About everything?" Klaus said. Kol nodded, "Really, Nik. I swear it on Davina's life. I'm okay. If you don't mind me saying. I think you might want to crack down on the boys. They have been getting a bit sassy this week. Back chat, swearing, and..." "What?" Klaus pressed. "I found some empty beer cans in the trunk when I went to get my jacket yesterday," Kol admitted.  "Tyler," Klaus said. "I think," Kol said.  "Okay, brother. No more, but you know you are on a short leash. Any disobedience and..." Klaus started.  "Liliment, knee, paddle, I get it. I swear, brother. You need not worry about me," Kol assured him. "Baby brother, we will always worry about you," Klaus said putting his arm around him. "Let's go to breakfast."
  
    Chapter Text
    Freya usually didn't wake the younger boys up until the older ones went off to school. However, today they were already up and ready for breakfast with the older boys. Elijah was already in his study making phone calls and talking to the family lawyer about something.  "Everyone is up early today," Freya said coming downstairs.  She had been trying to make them healthier breakfasts, so they didn't just eat prepackaged junk. Since awakening, this time for good, Freya had been learning to cook. Elijah helped but his recipes were pretty complicated and she found the kids liked simpler things.  "Sit down, guys. Who wants eggs?" Freya called from the kitchen. They sometimes just sat at the kitchen island, but today she had them sit in a breakfast nook that they hardly used. The table only seated six.  Matt and Tyler said they would have some. Henrik and Finn still only ate cereal and some fruit. "Matt, can you pour their milk for them? Jeremy, hon, what do you want?" Freya asked breaking eggs quickly into a bowl.  "Nothing, I'm not hungry," Jeremy said glumly. He was scribbling something in his notebook.  "Oh, did someone forget to do his homework again?" Tyler asked as Matt laughed.  "Shut up," Jeremy muttered. "We're not allowed to say that," Finn corrected.  "I'm sorry, shut up, you asshole," Jeremy said louder.  Klaus and Kol were just entering the kitchen. Kol glanced at Klaus as to say 'See, I told you so.' He had just warned Klaus that the boys were getting rowdy and out of sorts. Kol kissed Freya good morning and went to see if Vanessa was up.  "Jeremy! That is quite enough. Apologize right now," Klaus demanded in a sharp voice they rarely heard him use.  Jeremy's face colored and his neck and ears heated, "Sorry."  "Okay, then. What does everyone have planned for today?" Klaus said ruffling Henrik's hair.   "We're going into town today with Freya," Finn said.  "Yeah," Henrik followed.  "That's nice. Tyler, come home straight after school today with Matt and Jeremy. We need to discuss something," Klaus said remembering the beer cans.  Tyler cringed and mouthed "beer cans?" and Klaus just nodded. He wasn't overly concerned as long as he wasn't driving, but he knew Elijah had grilled the boy before he went to that party.  "Jeremy, what are you writing?" Klaus said, not really thinking much of it. "Nothing," Jeremy scoffed.  Matt laughed, "Um, Dad, I think someone forget to do some of his homework last night...again." "What do you mean again? Jeremy?" Klaus said passing plates from Freya to Matt and Tyler.  Jeremy pretended not to hear and kept writing. "Jeremy, answer me, please," Klaus said firmly. Jeremy just tossed down his pencil and stared at the table glumly. "Why? I forgot to finish this lab for chem. Not a big deal," Jeremy rebutted.  "I'll be the judge of that. For someone already on restriction, perhaps you need to lose your electronics also. I seem to recall you quite busy with them last night," Klaus pointed out.  "Come on, that's not fair! I'm sick of getting treated like a freakin' baby around here," Jeremy said getting up and grabbing his stuff. "Then, stop acting like a baby, man! Henrik is more mature than you," Matt chided. Tyler snorted.  "Fuck you, Matt," Jeremy spat out.  Klaus stepped over and grabbed his upper arm.  "Sister, may we chat in your bedroom?" Klaus said dragging Jeremy with him. Jeremy dropped his stuff in the struggle and his backpack dumped all over the floor. "By all means, be my guest. They need to leave in about five minutes," Freya reminded him.  Klaus steered Jeremy in the bedroom and shut the door. He looked down at him until Jeremy turned his glare away.  "Anything you want to say?" Klaus said firmly. "Sorry," Jeremy said, sounding anything but. "About?" Klaus prompted.  "I don't know," Jeremy said his voice rough with anger.  "How about I help you remember?" Klaus turned him to the side and smacked him hard across his jeans. Crack! "Oww! Jesus, get off me!" Jeremy yelled and tried to get his arm loose. Klaus had reached his limit. He sat on the chair by the wall and leaned Jeremy over his left leg. Klaus held him down with his left arm and started spanking him firmly as Jeremy struggled and tried to cover his backside. Spank! SPANK! SPANK! SPANK! Spank! After five strong swats, Klaus pulled him in front of him.  "Stop it! That is just a preview of what you are getting when you get home. Now, go wash your face and get your things. I don't want you to make Matt and Tyler late. Go!" Klaus yelled, giving Jeremy another smack to get him going.  Jeremy messily splashed his face with water and rubbed his stinging backside. Even through his jeans and briefs, Klaus' seven swats had hurt. "You will apologize to Matt and everyone out there for your behavior right now. Or instead of me paddling you in your room after school, they can all stand them and watch you get spanked right there in the kitchen," Klaus threatened.  Jeremy was crying and trying to brush away the tears.  "Stop crying and march," Klaus said smacking him again. "Oww, Dad, p-please," Jeremy whined. Klaus wanted nothing more but to stop and comfort him, but this behavior had to stop.  "Go on, if you make them late, you are really going to regret it," Klaus said with his hand on Jeremy's neck.  Freya had repacked the book bag. She also put an apple, granola bar, and drink in a bag for Jeremy since he didn't eat.  "Jeremy has something to say," Klaus said still pushing Jeremy forward. "Matt, I'm sorry. Sorry, everyone," Jeremy croaked out trying not to cry anymore than he already was.  "It's okay, man. Sorry I made fun of you," Matt replied.  "Tyler, Matt, can you go to the truck. He'll be in shortly," Klaus said, kissing them both and shooing them to the truck.  Kol came back up after talking to Vanessa. He was surprised to see Jeremy crying, instead of Tyler.  "Jeremy, you get all the work that you have been missing. I'm going to be contacting your teaches to see that you are keeping up with your work. I love you, but I will not put up with this behavior," Klaus said going to hug Jeremy. Jeremy turned away in anger.  "Can I go? We're going to be late," Jeremy blustered. "Go ahead, son," Klaus granted.  Jeremy slammed the garage door and stalked to the car. He didn't want to cry more in front of Tyler and Matt. They were older and he often felt like the runt of the litter with them anyway. He got his headphones on and figured he'd just blast his music the short ride to Mystic Fall High School.  "Come on, man. Don't be pissy. You're going to get more pissed and just get yourself in more trouble," Tyler warned pulling out.  "Seriously, he's right. Just let it go," Matt agreed.  Jermey nodded, "I know. I just don't want to talk about." Jeremy couldn't believe that Klaus had yelled at him. That hurt more than the swats almost.  "Okay, man," Tyler said looking at Matt, as Jeremy put on his headphones and glared out of the window.  "Shit, I wouldn't have said anything if I knew Jer was going to flip like that," Matt said looking back at Jeremy.  "Yeah, I mean it was kind of funny, until it wasn't. I think Henrik and Finn were ready to piss themselves when Dad dragged him out of there," Tyler said quietly.  "I know I almost did," Matt admitted. -------------****Freya held up her hands, "I don't know what happened. Jeremy had an outburst." Kol groaned, "Of course he did."  "They are teenagers. You should have some compassion as you've been one for 1000 years," Freya teased. "Boys, go get dressed. I'll be up in a minute to see if you need help," Kol smiled.  "We don't need help, Uncle Kol," Henrik smiled.  Kol smiled at Freya. They had started calling him "uncle" Kol, like the older boys did. Oddly, they didn't call Elijah or Klaus that. They sometimes called Freya 'mama', especially at night when they were tired. It broke her heart at times, but like Kol she didn't correct them. She had grown up without her mother, Henrik hadn't grown up at all, and Finn had been his mother's shadow. Three different scenarios, yet here they are were together now. "How are you, brother? How's Vanessa?" Freya asked cleaning up.  "I think I shall live. Probably never to sit again, due to your liniment. No, I'm not complaining. Vanessa thinks it pretty amusing, that our family is bonkers and I still get smacked," Kol flushed.  "I didn't say anything to her. How did she know?" Freya asked loading the dishwasher.  "She watched me try to sit after Elijah took his stick to me. I guess I wasn't as suave as I thought," Kol muttered.  "Oh my naughty little brother, you best behave yourself. You see that Nikalus has his hands full with these boys," Freya went on.  "Aye, I'm going to go see if they can figure out their shoes today," Kol reported heading up to check on Henrik and Finn.  Both boys were sitting in front of the tv watching cartoons.  "Lads, you were told to get dressed!" Kol exclaimed. "But we wanted to watch this!" Finn sassed back.  "Do you want to lose your telly? Because that is what is going to happen if it is a distraction. Now let's see who can get dressed first," Kol said shutting off the television set. ---------------****"Where the bloody hell have you been?" Klaus grumbled to Elijah, who was on hold on the phone.  He covered the receiver and asked, "What happened?" "I trounced Kol again this morning, then Jeremy threw a tantrum at breakfast and I took him in Freya's room and smacked him. I promised him another spanking after school. He's furious. Oh, he's also been skipping his school work. Then, Kol told me he found beer cans in the truck after Tyler's little party the other night," Klaus said sitting down on the other side of the desk and holding his head in his hands.  "Yes, I'm still waiting," Elijah said into the phone.  "What are you doing?" Klaus finally asked.  "Just trying to free up some money from our offshore accounts. We've been going through funds quickly," Elijah whispered.  Elijah got through to the bank and arranged the transfer.  "Brother, I know you love the boys and this family more than anything, but I think we're going to have to cut back. With the housing market crash a year or two ago, we've been unable to recoup some loses.  I'm not saying that you have to get a day job, but maybe let's not spend like we usually do?" Elijah cautioned.  "You're right, brother. I'm sorry for causing you this stress.  I know I've been a little out of order with funds. That ends. I'm also going to need to follow up a little more with day to day concerns. I should be checking Jeremy's school work, I supposed," Klaus said.  "No, he's old enough to be responsible for his own school work. And Tyler, I talked to him about alcohol at that party and he swore he wouldn't drink. I know you told them they could drink under our supervision, but he wasn't here. Do you want me to handle him?" Elijah asked.  "Yes, please. I don't think I can thrash two boys tonight," Klaus admitted pressing his eyes shut.  "Oh, I was thinking a week at home with his also grounded brothers would be a good reminder not to lie," Elijah suggested.  "I thought you didn't believe in restricting them?" Klaus mused.  "Well, we can't just beat their behinds for every mistake, can we? ‘Culpae poenae par esto.' Right?" Elijah pontificated.  "Yes, let the punishment fit the crime. But only if you are sure, we aren't being too lenient. I know I spoiled Marcellus, by sparing the rod at times. He still disobeys me at every turn. I begged them to come home, but he is refusing until the Harvest witch rises again," Klaus proclaimed. "Oh Niklaus, I'm sorry. Just give them some time," Elijah finished. The phone rang. Elijah answered, "Yes, hello. Oh, Alaric. Please hold, he's right here." Klaus grabbed the phone, "Thank you, Alaric. Tell him I'll be right there." Klaus put down the phone. "It's Jeremy. He got caught vandalizing the school. Alaric thinks he caused several thousand dollars in damage." Elijah stood, "So much for saving funds. Perhaps we will need to get jobs?"--------------****"Dad, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to-," Jeremy blurted now sitting in the passenger seat of Klaus' SUV. "Son, I am so angry right now that I need you to stop talking. When we get home, you go right upstairs and get ready for bed," Klaus said in a low growl.  "Yes, sir," Jeremy said deferentially. A part of him wanted to ask if he was getting put to bed at 11 am, but he knew what was going to happen. He was going to get spanked and then put to bed. Jeremy's butt was tingling from the smacks he had gotten after breakfast.  Jeremy replayed the day in his mind.  After getting out of the trunk, Jeremy didn't even bother trying to finish his lab. His chem parter, a girl named Jean, told him off and then finished it herself. In his next art class, they were doing critiques and he didn't appreciate the advice of his fellow students on his latest drawing. He asked to go to the guidance office. While waiting, he took a black marker and drew some lewd features on all of the paintings in the room when the secretary left. He then left the office and went back to class laughing. It didn't take much of an investigation to figure out who did it. Jeremy pulled major attitude with the vice principal and wouldn't admit to anything. They called Alaric as they knew he was Jeremy's uncle. Alaric was ready to put Jeremy straight over his knee, until he admitted he did it, which they all knew anyhow. He was suspended for a week and had to pay for the damages.  "Okay, go upstairs now," Klaus said firmly.  "But it's like 11 am," Jeremy spouted. Klaus quickly started to get out of the car. "Okay, okay, I'm going!" Jeremy said running in the house past a stunned Freya and Kol.  The tutor was in the dining room with the younger boys. Vanessa was sitting at the table drinking a mug of blood. Klaus came in feeling like he wanted to run away.  "That bad, brother?" Freya asked going to rub his arm. Klaus nodded and told them what he did. "Vanessa, what do you think?" Kol asked.  "I think he's just expressing anger and looking for a little attention. It's clear he didn't think this through or think about the consequences," Vanessa shared.  "So he shouldn't be punished?" Klaus asked, thinking maybe it wasn't Jeremy's fault.  "Oh, I didn't say that. I think Jeremy needs to know that he can't do things like this. He was testing the waters to see if he can get away with it.  Quite frankly, I wouldn't go easy on him," Vanessa admitted a tad uncomfortably. Klaus nodded, "Thank you for your input. I have a tendency to want to make excuses for my children and spoil them, but I think Jeremy needs a wake up call."  Klaus turned and fished the round paddle out of the junk drawer. Kol quipped, "Aye, that should wake up his little arse all right." -------------****Jeremy took his shower. He felt a little numb and sick. He put on a t-shirt and sweats and got in his bunk bed. It had been a while since he got a real spanking and he wasn't looking forward to this. He was hurt that his dad yelled at him and then wouldn't listen to him. And he was scared. Klaus came into Jeremy's room a few minutes later.  Jeremy was in bed facing the wall curled up in a fetal position.  "Son, come on, it's time to talk," Klaus said calmly. Jeremy didn't move. Klaus went over and put the paddle on the bed. He flipped Jeremy on his stomach and smacked him once on each cheek with his hand.  Jeremy whined, "Owwww." He then flipped to his back to protect his rear end.  "Dad, please, don't," Jeremy begged.  "Jeremy, come over and talk to me on the couch please," Klaus coaxed trying not to lose his temper. Jeremy was frightened of what was coming. He finally got up and let Klaus lead him to the couch. "I'm scared," Jeremy said in a small voice.  "Oh Jeremy, tell me what's going on?" Klaus said again putting the paddle on the coffee table.  "I just really messed up," Jeremy said.  "Yes, you did. I'm going to put you over my knee and you're getting your butt warmed up right now. Tonight at bedtime, you are going to get the spanking you had coming from this morning. You're going to pay for the damage to the artwork and apologize to the school staff.  During your suspension, you will do your assignments and have no electronics, since you are already grounded," Klaus determined.  Jeremy sniffed and nodded. He didn't like it, but he guessed that was the point. "And quite frankly, I think you deserve to get paddled everyday of your suspension right before you sit down to do your school work," Klaus lectured firmly.  "No, please, D-dad," Jeremy begged hopping up and holding his backside.  "Jeremy, have we ever left a single bruise on you or welt? Hmm, even when you got the belt that time?" Klaus asked holding his arms to the side.  Jeremy thought about the worst spankings he had gotten, none of them had left any bruises or welts or marks, besides a pink or redness that typically went away within hours. "No, sir," Jeremy admitted.  "Look at me, I'm not doing this to hurt you. If I didn't discipline you for your antics today, how would you feel? Hmm?" Klaus asked softly.  "I guess guilty, bad, like no one cares," Jeremy confessed.  "I am going to light you up and it's going to sting, but I guarantee in the end, you're going to learn a valuable lesson. And you will know how much I love you," Klaus said with feeling hugging him tightly. This time Jeremy didn't push away. The tears Jeremy had been fighting all day came flooding down his cheeks. Klaus wiped his tears away and let him cry for a few minutes.  "Okay, you ready? I think you probably want to get this over with before your brothers get home," Klaus smiled.  "Yes, please. But what about tonight?" Jeremy worried.  "You can stay with me, just like old times," Klaus said pushing back his hair.  Klaus grabbed the waistband of Jeremy's sweats and pulled them down to his ankles and had him step out of them. He left his briefs on and situated his son so that his upper body rested on the couch and his legs were over Klaus' lap. Klaus picked up the round wooden paddle and tapped it over Jeremy's cloth covered bottom. He popped it down hard. Pop!  Klaus continued paddling for another minute in a random pattern. He smacked the top of Jeremy's thighs and the boys breath hitched and two red marks bloomed on the area the fabric didn't cover.  "These briefs need to come down," Klaus ordered patting Jeremy's seat with the round paddle firmly. Jeremy cried out, "No, it hurts enough on my underwear."  Klaus decided to try something new. He stood up Jeremy and walked him over to the side of the couch. "Put your palms on the cushion. Spread your legs a little. Bend over the arm here," Klaus demanded.  He gave Jeremy a pillow to hold. He slipped down his briefs to his knees. Jeremy felt the fabric rub over his skin and then felt the cooler air and sobbed aloud.  Pop! He smacked Jeremy's behind right in the center. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! He gave him five more hard pops in the same spot as Jeremy bucked and tried to get up.  POP! POP! He gave him two targeted swats to the area right under the crease of this behind. Jeremy howled and tried to buck up without success. His briefs fell to the ground.  Klaus was holding down Jeremy with his arm. Jeremy's behind was looking red, but Klaus tapped him another five times, flicking his wrist more than swinging hard to make an impression.  Jeremy sobbed and begged for respite. Klaus gave him a second to catch his breath and then led him to the corner after having him step out of his underwear. Klaus knocked some dirty clothes off of the small stool setting there and ordered Jeremy to sit. "No! I can't. It stings too much," Jeremy refused gripping his bare behind.  Klaus spanked him four times on the lower thighs with his hand until Jeremy eased his sore behind on the stool. When his backside hit the stool, he wailed and stomped his feet. Jeremy shifted and tried to find a comfortable position, but there was none. He felt like he was sitting on fire. Klaus held him there a moment, sensing the boy was going to pop up.  "Behave yourself and think about today. Remember, you are still getting a bedtime spanking and that can be with my hand, the paddle, a hairbrush, or even a stick based on your behavior now. When I let you off of this stool, I want to hear some answers for how you are going to improve and avoid a repeat of today," Klaus said firmly. He did gently grip Jeremy's shoulder for a moment.  Klaus went over and sat on the couch he had just paddled Jeremy over. He felt tears form in his own eyes. Between his brother last night and this morning and now Jeremy, he felt torn apart. He didn't like being so firm with them, especially Jeremy this morning. However, babying him seemed to increase his bad behavior. After watching Jeremy shift painfully for five minutes on the stool, Klaus called him over. Jeremy seemed to just realize his pants were missing and tried to cover up his modesty in the front that his shirt did not cover. The bottom peaking out from the back did look well-spanked. "Come here, son," Klaus said opening his arms. Jeremy flew into them and was finally ready to talk.  "Sorry, D-dad. I will fix those paintings and tell them I am sorry. I will talk to Matt again because I was mean to him. Tyler tried to t-talk some s-sense in me and I blew him off. I know I deserved it, but I d-don't like it when you yell at me. It's worse than," Jeremy became too overwrought to continue. Klaus held him and rocked him.  "I'm sorry, sweetheart, I was frustrated and I did yell at you. I've been trying to be more patient and not smack you all every time you make a mistake. Or threaten to whack you so much.  You boys are growing up and I feel like I should treat you more like young adults," Klaus admitted.  "You don't smack us all the time, but I'd rather you did then yell at me," Jeremy smiled, wiping his face.  Klaus was still holding him, "I promise that I will try my hardest not to shout at you or yell. But you are still getting spanked tonight after dinner and going right to bed." "And during my suspension?" Jeremy asked now trying to rub his throbbing cheeks as his father rubbed his back.  "Yes, I mean it, you will be getting a little paddling each morning to remind you that you are being punished and to behave," Klaus reported.  "How little?" Jeremy asked. "How well you can behave will determine how hard or light I apply the paddle each morning, mister. Now, you are going down for a nap. Your Uncle Elijah believes none of you get enough sleep," Klaus said carrying Jeremy over to his bunk. Klaus arranged Jeremy on his stomach. Freya promised to bring some salve up as soon as she finished a new batch. "Shut your eyes, I'll stay with you," Klaus said patting Jeremy's back. Jeremy's red backside glowed. The boy himself was cried out and exhausted.  Freya found them later sleeping side by side in the bed. One fully clothed, the other sporting a now pink bottom. She carefully applied the salve to Jeremy's backside and tip-toed out. They had a few hours before the other two came home. She figured she would let them sleep a little while longer.
  
    Chapter Text
    "Look, Uncle Kol! It's a squirrel," Henrik yelled trying to chase the small animal. "You're too slow, Henrik," Finn mused, but then running after him anyway.Kol and Vanessa had taken the boys out for a walk. Vanessa was still a little scared to go out, but Kol promised that he would make sure she didn't lose it.  "I can't stop hearing their hearts beating. Yours is so much slower," Vanessa commented. "Aye, vampire hearts still beat. Just slower. A heart beat tells us many things about a human though, when they are lying it skips a beat. When they are dying, it slows. When they are excited, it speeds up," Kol said watching the boys tussle now on the ground. "Elijah said don't get too dirty," he called.  "I think it's too late for that," Vanessa laughed. "Aye, it's good to see them acting normal. Now, did anyone tell you that you can't compel those two?" Kol said indicating Henrik and Finn.  "No, why?" Vanessa asked, smiling at the boys now chasing each other again.  Henrik yelled, "He hit me!" Finn laughed, "You're lying!" "They were born witches. A vampire, even an Original, cannot compel a witch. Now, I can compel you, but you can only compel humans, not on vervain," Kol explained.  "So why can't you just compel me not to go crazy and start draining people," Vanessa asked.  "It doesn't really work like that. Compelling someone can actually be dangerous. You never really know the results and you can't "un" compel someone. So I could do that, but then you may not be able to feed and you could starve. Vanessa, I wouldn't take that chance without. It's better just to do things the hard way. Still thirsty?" Kol inquired. "Yes, but not ravenous. I feel like it's getting better," Vanessa admitted.  "It will. But for me, there were times I'd get angry or bored and I'd go off the deep end. Run into a family in the woods and kill them all...A pack of outlaws, maybe a small village. I sometimes left survivors because I just didn't care," Kol admitted.  "I can't judge you, Kol. This hunger, it's like nothing I've ever felt. This power? It's intoxicating and almost frightening. Shall we catch up to the boys? Henrik is crying," Vanessa said vamping to them quickly.  Kol vamped with her. "Finn, what did you do?" Kol scolded.  "It wasn't my fault! He tripped," Finn fibbed. Vanessa was helping Henrik up from the ground. Kol knelt down and looked at him sternly until Finn admitted,"Okay, fine. I pushed him. He called me stupid."  "Thank you for telling me the truth. What do you say?" Kol said patiently. "Sorry," he muttered. "Not to me!" Kol reminded him.  "Sorry, Henrik," Finn called out. Henrik had a small cut on his knee. Kol saw Vanessa's fangs come out and was able to pull her back before she lunged at Henrik. "It's okay. Vanessa, go back to the house. It's going to take time, luv," Kol said holding her shoulder.  With a pained look, Vanessa glanced at the bloody cut and zoomed back to the house.  "You okay, lad?" Kol said to Henrik. "Yes, he pushed me," Henrik accused pointing at Finn.  "He said he was sorry, mate. One time, Niklaus pushed me into a lake and ran away when I was your age," Kol mused.  "So?" Finn said.  "I couldn't bloody swim! Elijah fished me out before I was half dead," Kol laughed.  The boys laughed. "Oh, is that funny?" Kol said tickling them and chasing them until all three of them were dirty and tired. -------------------****Freya got Vanessa a blood bag when she came back to the house and a cup of tea.  Vanessa went back to her basement quarters as she didn't feel ready to see Matt or other visitors yet. "Hi boys, you hungry?" Freya said when Matt and Tyler came home. "Hey, yeah, I could eat," Matt said as she got them something small.  Tyler hesitated, "How's Jeremy? They told us he got picked up. Then, everyone was talking about what happened." "Elena was not happy at all," Matt added.  Freya looked pained, "Guys, he was in your room with your father sleeping. Can you give me a minute to go see if he's up?" "Yeah, sure," Tyler said giving Matt a look. Matt shrugged,"We warned his ass. I kind of knew something was going to happen. He was like a time bomb." Tyler nodded,"I know. I'm probably going to be next though. Fucking beer cans." "Tyler, language, please," Elijah said coming from the hallway into the kitchen.  Tyler gulped, not hearing the vampire before, "Sorry, Uncle Elijah. I just want you to know that I didn't drink and drive. We just had like two or three beers sitting in the truck and then went into the house. I swear." "I believe you. However, the rule was that you were not to drink without permission, was it not?" Elijah asked.  "Yes, sir," Tyler admitted. "One week, grounded. You can drive, but no parties, dates, or anything after school or this weekend," Elijah said lightly. "But Caroline finally agreed to go out to dinner with me this weekend," Tyler whined. "Tyler, I'm sorry, but you disobeyed me directly," Elijah acknowledged. "I know, but-" Tyler started to argue.  Matt hit him on the arm, "Dude, shut up." "Matthew, I don't like that phrase, but Tyler, you would do well to listen to your brother. Unless you want me to add on another week to your punishment," Elijah threatened.  "No, Uncle Elijah," Tyler conceded in defeat.  "Good," Elijah said patting him on the arm and starting to get supplies out for dinner.  Kol and the younger boys came rushing in. "Matt, Tyler, wanna race us?" Henrik begged.  "Kol, you are all filthy!" Elijah commented horrified. Matt and Tyler grabbed the rest of their food and went up to the younger boys room to play video games.  "Sorry, things got a little out of hand. Henrik got a cut and Vanessa...," Kol started to explain.  Elijah exhaled, "Better it happens with us around than when she's in public and loses control. I'm glad you were there with her."  "Aye, want me to get them into the tub?" Kol asked.  "No, brother, thank you. You go take a break. Say, how are you today?" Elijah said setting down the pan he had in his hand.  Kol smiled sheepishly, "Sore. I swear to you, brother. I have learned my lesson-thrice. Never again. When Davina comes back, she will find a new man." Elijah went over and cupped the back of his head,"I love you, Kol. I hope I never have to do that again. I'd rather take a caning myself that use that stick on you again. I mean that. We're going to be checking in on you and not because we don't trust you, but because we want to. Now go shower!" "Love you, too, 'Lijah," Kol said vamping upstairs. -------------****After dinner in the boys' room, Klaus asked Matt how it was going with Abby.  "I don't know. She is kind of clingy. Not kind of, like a super clinger. It gets on my nerves. I think being grounded was actually good because it got her off my case for a while," Matt admitted.  Jeremy smiled, "Man, that's not a great start to a relationship." Matt laughed, "Yeah, I know." To Tyler, Klaus said, "And you and the beer? Elijah grounded you for a week?" Tyler nodded, "Caroline finally agreed to go out just with me this weekend, but I guess that is off." Klaus thought, "Well, I called Jenna back today. Jeremy, she is concerned and would like to see you. Jenna, Alaric, and your sister are coming over for dinner on Saturday. Could you invite Caroline? Abby, if you like, Matthew." Everyone laughed when Matt groaned. "Jeremy, come now. Bedtime," Klaus reminded him.  "Dad! It's so early. Are you serious?" Jeremy challenged.  "I could put you to bed right here. I'm sure Matt and Tyler wouldn't mind, would you lads?" Klaus offered lightly.  "No, no. Sorry, I'm coming," Jeremy retreated grabbing his clothes and sketchbook for bed.  Tyler smirked, "It ain't nothing we haven't seen before."Klaus kissed him on the head, "You are welcome to join him. You best thank your uncle for the grounding because that was not my idea." Klaus gave Tyler a pointed look. Tyler flushed realizing that he could easily be joining Jeremy, if it were not for Elijah's intervention. "Night, Dad," Matt said as Klaus kissed him goodnight.--------------****Klaus wasn't planning on being hard on Jeremy although he had behaved abhorrently today. Really, this was the spanking he had promised Jeremy after school for his fit in the kitchen.  Klaus also wanted to make sure he was okay. He still felt badly about sending him to school upset and angry. In retrospect, he should have talked to him and then just driven him to school a tad late. Klaus realized that he had the benefits many other parents did not, no job and a household of people to watch the other kids. He did wonder how mortals did all this themselves.  "Do I really have to go to bed this early? I'm not tired," Jeremy whined."How about you can take a bath in my bathroom, then read or sketch for a while. I have to write a letter to an old friend. The television stays off, though. I meant it when I said no electronics," Klaus responded.  Jeremey groaned,"Okay, fine. When are you gonna...?" "Smack you? Right before bed. It shall help you sleep soundly on your stomach. I do have a book you might like, though," Klaus said getting up and going to his shelf. "Cool," Jeremy said, relieved that he didn't have to go right to bed at 8 pm. After the long nap, he was wide awake and wired.  "It's called The Devil's Elixir's, it kind of risque, about this monk who drinks a potion who changes him and then he has a doppelgänger, who is a prince, if I remember correctly. You know, I thought, with Elena being a Petrova doppelgänger-," Klaus explained.  "Dad, is she always going to be in danger? My sister?" Jeremy interrupted.  "Honestly, son. A doppelgänger, of her line, is very rare. Many witches would drain her for their dark magic. If the Salvatore brothers were not so keen on protecting her, I would demand she stay here," Klaus admitted.  "Thanks for being honest with me. I do worry about her. Would it help if she became a vampire?" Jeremy went on. "If she were a vampire, it would negate her doppelgänger blood.  But Jeremy, mortality is the most precious gift you have. To be able to propagate life and to die make life, yes, more precarious, but sweeter. Forever sometimes becomes a prison sentence to the immortal. I'm sorry. I'm sure that doesn't make sense," Klaus attested.  "No, it does," Jeremy replied.  "Humanity can slip away for a vampire. There were many centuries where humans were nothing but a source of food. I didn't care how many I killed, even vampires became insignificant to me. Not caring about others, even oneself, is a form of death. Now enough talk, you can go out on the balcony while I write my letter," Klaus prompted.  "Who writes letters anymore?" Jeremy laughed.  "You want that spanking now?" Klaus threatened in a mock serious voice.  "No, fine, old man," Jeremy said going out on the recliner. --------------------*****Rebekah and Marcel were in the bed. They had started sleeping in her old bedroom. The one that he had kept preserved for her after all the decades he waited for her. Sometimes she woke up and it felt like 1913, or 1914, the year he went off to WWI. "What are you thinking about, my love?" Marcel asked rubbing her arm. "When you left for the war?" Rebekah said softly.  "I'm sorry. I just wanted to prove to y'all I was a man. That I was ready to be king. I wanted to help this country, but god, if I had known about those trenches...," Marcel recalled bitterly.  "I'm sorry I brought it up, Marcel. It's just we've been through hard times before. We'll get through this," Rebekah promised.  "Klaus wants us back...like yesterday," Marcel stated.  "I know," Rebekah said in almost a whisper.  "I can't go back without her. I can't pretend everything is okay. I can't even see Kol. You know half the time I want to kick his ass, but I don't think I could handle his grief on top of ours," Marcel declared with a bitter smile.  "Maybe we should just go away," Rebekah hinted.  Marcel raised him up on one arm and looked at her, "What do you mean?"  "I mean, we leave. Marcel, you know that sooner or later, my brothers will come themselves or send someone to drag us back," Rebekah uttered.  "I know, but what if we leave and Davina awakens and we are not here?" Marcel ventured.  "Oh Marcel, you're right. I really don't know what we can do. This waiting is the worst part," Rebekah said, too wring out for tears.  "We'll think of something. We always do," Marcel said.----------------****Jeremy was starting to get into the weird book when Klaus called him in. He noticed that Klaus had a quill and ink bottle on his desk and paper that looked like a scroll.  "Were you writing in blood?" Jeremy questioned.  "Ah, yes, it's a vampire thing. Kind of like a signature. Never mind that now, go take your bath. It's getting late," Klaus directed.  Jeremy wanted to argue that it wasn't but his slightly aching butt prevented him from getting too cheeky. He bathed, brushed his teeth, and dressed in the bathroom. Jeremy's neck flushed with shame when he remembered cursing at Matt this morning. He was surprised he wasn't getting his mouth soaped out, especially since he swore in front of the younger boys. Jeremy wore this striped button down pajama set Elijah had bought him. It was nothing he'd ever wear normally, but the front was longer. He noticed it was monogrammed with his initials on the front pocket.  "Ah, Elijah will be pleased you are wearing those. Now, let's put down the bottoms, hmm," Klaus said easily. Klaus sat on the his bed while he tended to administer most of the spankings in here. Jeremy figured there was probably a paddle or hairbrush in that nightstand, in arm's reach. "Dad...," Jeremy groaned.  "You know I need to see. Come on, the longer you wait, the longer I'm going to swat your behind," Klaus chided. Jeremy turned and slipped down his briefs and cotton p.j. bottoms right below his behind. "Perfectly fine. Does it still smart?" Klaus asked patting him gently. "Just slightly," Jeremy admitted.  "Now remember, this is the spanking you earned for misbehaving at breakfast. Over," Klaus said bending Jeremy over his left knee while he was sitting on the bed.  Klaus rested his left hand on Jeremy's lower back, and his right hand was on Jeremy's white backside. Jeremy's feet were on the floor. Klaus lowered his pants to his knees. "Ready?" Klaus said raising his right hand. "I guess," Jeremy squeaked. Smack. Smack. Klaus swatted him on his right cheek. then left cheek. He went back and forth until each cheek began to look a little pink and Jeremy made a little grunt of pain.  crack. crack. crack. crack. Klaus lowered his swats for a time, getting more of reaction out of the boy. Then, laid some harder spanked across both cheeks in the exact same spot. Klaus paused rubbing his hand over the warm behind gently. "What could you have done differently today?" Klaus asked. "Done my homework on time," Jeremy said. Smack! Smack! "And?" "Been honest the first time you asked me," he went on. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! "And?"  "Not given you attitude when you tried to talk to me," Jeremy said starting to cry a little remembering. "And?"  "Talked it out with Tyler and Matt when they tried to help me," Jeremy wailed. He was wiggling and starting to stomp his feet more. Spank! "Why didn't you?" Klaus said. Spank! "I didn't want to cry in front of them. You had just yelled at me and spanked me and I was really upset," Jeremy admitted. Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Klaus looked at the pink beside in front of him. He figured he had enough.  "Jeremy, you're their brother. It's okay to cry in front of them," Klaus said, standing Jeremy up. He wiped his face as he rubbed his own backside.  Jeremy winced and let out a little cry when Klaus tugged his pants back up. Klaus then sit him down on his lap. "I've cried in front of my brothers many times," Klaus admitted.  "Really?" Jeremy asked surprised.  "Yes, it's okay. Do you think less of them when they get upset in front of you?" Klaus asked gently. "No, of course, not," Jeremy replied.  "Jeremy, they don't think any less of you when you do, okay?" Klaus said holding him closely.  "Sorry, I don't know why I acted like that today," Jeremy added.  "I know. I am sorry that I sent you to school so upset," Klaus said brushing back his hair.  "Dad, you tried to make up. I was mad and wouldn't let you. I was trying to hold it all in," Jeremy admitted as Klaus held him on his lap.  "I know. We've all tried it. It never goes well. Emotions can be tough to control, even after 1000 years. Now it is bedtime. You know you're not sleeping in tomorrow on your suspension day," Klaus reminded him. Klaus had promised to paddle him each suspension day before he sat to do his school work. He figured the light cutting board across his jeans wouldn't hurt much or at all, but might be a good incentive to behave. If Jeremy got an attitude, the pants could come down and that board might smart a good deal more.  Jeremy was put down back on his feet and got in the bed on the other side on his stomach. "I know. I'm not going to argue. No extra paddle swats for me. I'm too sore," Jeremy groaned.  "Remember that tomorrow," Klaus smiled,"you can also help Henrik and Finn with their work. A little bonding won't hurt anyone."  "Sounds terrific," Jeremy said sarcastically. Klaus smiled and said, "I can't wait. Love you. Go to sleep."  "Me, too, Dad." 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Marcellus! No!" Klaus cried in his sleep that night.  "Dad! Dad, wake up. You're dreaming," Jeremy said shaking him awake.  "Oh, Jeremy, I'm sorry, son. Go back to sleep. I just...had a nightmare," Klaus said sitting up. "Dad, you're crying," Jeremy said in awe.  "It's okay. I was dreaming of the day I turned Marcel. Then, it turned into the day he left for the Great War. Like all young men, even vampires, he thought he was impenetrable. I tried to stop him, but like so much else, I failed," Klaus said in the darkness. "You mean Marcel was in WW1?" Jeremy asked surprised.  "Yes, he left against my wishes. So many lives lost, and for what?" Klaus fumed. "But Dad, he's okay. Rebekah and Marcel are just in New Orleans again for a little while, right? He'll be back. He's okay," Jeremy reassured him.  "Yes, son. I'm sorry. I frightened you. Come here," Klaus said, putting his arms around Jeremy, though Klaus was the one trembling.  "It's okay," Jeremy said quietly. "Shh, shut your eyes, I guess I need to let you sleep in now that I've awakened you at this hour," Klaus mused.  Jeremy didn't answer because he was already fast asleep, but Klaus lay awake thinking about losing Marcel again and again.--------------****The next two days of Jeremy's suspension went quickly. He was able to get his school work done and spent a lot of time helping Henrik and Finn. Vanessa came up during the afternoons and read them all stories, after the tutor left.  On the third day, which was Friday, Klaus let him sleep in again. Matt and Tyler didn't really think it was fair, but they kept their mouths shut about it. There had been many times when they too, had gotten off easier than they should have.  The first morning of his suspension, Klaus had woken Jeremy up with a light swat on each cheek with the helping hand paddle. It had smarted, especially since he hadn't replaced his pants and underwear from the night before. The second day, Klaus gave him a single smack with the flimsy cutting board after he was dressed in his sweats, which didn't hurt at all. For this third day of his suspension, Jeremy was not really nervous as he had been cooperative and helpful the previous day. Yet, it was his last day home and he was to return to school on Monday. He was to have several apology letters to school staff drafted. Klaus had asked him if he was almost finished and he said that he was, but he hadn't started yet. Jeremy was a fast writer, so he figured he could scrawl them during breakfast. He got dressed for the day and brought his notebook down to the kitchen. "Jeremy, will you get the boys their cereal, please?" Freya asked as she was making the rest of them blueberry muffins. "Ah, sure," Jeremy rushed a bit so he could get to his letters and ended up spilling the bowl of cereal directly on Finn.  "Oh my god, Finn, I'm so sorry," Jeremy said grabbing a dish towel to wipe him off.  "Yuck! It's all over me. Freya, I have to take a bath now!" Finn groaned.  "Little dude, it's okay. I'll get you a clean shirt. You don't need to take a bath," Jeremy said nervously.  "Jeremy, he's as fussy as Elijah. He's not going to stop until he gets a bath. You can take him in my bathroom. I have some clean clothes for him in the basket, hang on," Freya said wiping her hands on her apron. Jeremy groaned inwardly. He was to show his father or Elijah the letters first thing before he typed them. That was going to be hard to do since he hadn't written them yet. That token whack of the paddle was going to turn into a real spanking unless Jeremy could write fast.  "Come on, Finn, let's get you started. Henrik, you okay, here?" Jeremy asked.  "Sure," Henrik said eating his cereal oblivious to the mess on the floor beside him. Jeremy grabbed a notebook and pen figuring he could start when the kid was doing whatever the hell he did in the bathtub.  Jeremy was surprised at the huge marble tub in Freya's bathroom. Hadn't this been the other maid's room before that?  Jeremy started filling up the tub, making sure the water wasn't too hot.  "Come on, Finn. Take off those clothes. Freya's getting you dry ones," Jeremy prompted.  Finn just stood there helplessly until Jeremy started helping him. "There's no bubbles!" Finn shouted at Jeremy.  "Dude, chill. Here, this should work," Jeremy poured some kind of bath tub in. It smelled like roses.  "Yuck! I'm not getting in. That's not the kind we use, I want the other bubbles," Finn said shortly. "Finn, get in the goddamn tub and quit being a brat! Hurry up," Jeremy said to him going to grab him and physically dump him in.  Finn started crying and ran out of the bathroom.  "Jesus christ, what the fuck!" Jeremy muttered to himself.  Freya came back in with the dry clothes.  "Where's Finn?" she asked looking around.  "I, ah, he,-" Jeremy stuttered. Elijah came in with Finn, "What did you say to him, Jeremy?" "Nothing. I just told him to quit being a brat and get in," Jeremy defended.  Freya was guiding Finn to the tub. He still didn't want to get in.  Elijah interjected, "Sister, tend to your muffins. I'll tend to these boys."  "Thank you, Elijah," Freya said hearing the timer go off on the oven. She didn't want her muffins to burn.  "Finn, get in the tub. The water is fine. Now," Elijah said firmly.  Finn whined and tried to twist away, Elijah smacked him on the backside and plopped him in the tub.  "Now, here's your washcloth and soap. Start scrubbing," Elijah ordered. Finn was crying, but obeyed him.  Elijah turned to look at Jeremy. Jeremy took a deep breath. "I thought I would have time to do my apology letters during breakfast. Freya asked me to help, I was rushing and I spilled cereal on him. Then, I yelled at Finn when he didn't want to get in the tub," Jeremy admitted.  "Elijah! He cursed at me. He said 'get in the goddamn tub,'" Finn wept. Elijah asked firmly, "Is that true, Jeremy?"  Jeremy nodded.  "Jeremy, I want to hear you say it, young man!" Elijah snapped.  "Yes, I said it. I'm sorry," Jeremy mumbled in shame.  "You will be. Go get the paddle from the kitchen drawer, please," Elijah responded. "No, please, Uncle Elijah. Don't spank me. Dad's already going to paddle me again for not doing the letters. Please.... Finn, I'm sorry I made you cry," Jeremy pleaded. Elijah took a deep breath, "Jeremy, I know you don't want to get punished, but if you don't obey me right now, I am going to double the number of smacks I was going to give you. Now march."  Finn was watching this scene with big eyes.  "Finn, you still scrubbing? Need help?" Elijah said rolling up his sleeves. He had never smacked Finn before and could tell the boy was taken aback.  "What's wrong?" Elijah asked.  "He was really mean to me and so were you," Finn said, his eyes filling with tears.  "Honey, I'm sorry you are having a rough morning. I don't like to have to spank anyone, but if boys do not behave, you can expect a sore behind from me," Elijah said tapping him on the nose playfully. "Jeremy is mad at me now. You're mad, too," Finn said softly, as Elijah rinsed the soap from him. "Finn, it's okay. Jeremy's not angry with you, nor am I," Elijah said, draining the tub. He grabbed a towel and wrapped Finn in it. Elijah sat on the closed toilet lid and sat Finn on his lap.  Jeremy came in carrying the paddleball paddle. "Jeremy, is there something you want to say to Finn? He thinks you're mad at him," Elijah said holding Finn and drying his hair with another towel. "Finn, I'm sorry I yelled you and swore. I'm not mad at you, okay? Don't worry, buddy, the paddle is for my butt, not yours," Jeremy joked. Finn started laughing when he said butt.  Elijah nodded, "Thank you, Jeremy. I'll dress him. Can you wait for me in Freya's room please?"  "Yes, sir," Jeremy said going to sit on Freya's chair. Elijah brought Finn out dressed a moment later and sent him out to Freya. He shut her bedroom door.  "Uncle Elijah! I-," Jeremy started, thinking maybe he could talk himself out of the spanking he was facing, until he saw the look on Elijah's face. "What, Jeremy? It's okay. I'm listening," Elijah said.  "Nothing. I should have done the letters last night. I'm sorry. I was mean to Finn and cursed at him. I don't know how you are so patient with us," Jeremy said truthfully. "Oh Jeremy, you know I lose my temper just like anyone else.  Like I told Finn, I'm not angry now, but I do think you deserve a spanking. I do appreciate you admitting your mistake," Elijah said piling up pillows the bed. "Over the pillows?" Jeremy said. "Pants and underwear down," Elijah indicated picking up the paddle.  Jeremy unbuckled his belt, and took down his pants and briefs to his knees. He had never been in this position before and it felt odd to him. He leaned over the pillows so his backside was right where Elijah wanted it. Elijah told him to spread his legs a little and stay down. Jeremy rested his upper body on the bed and supported himself on his elbows.  "How many swats do you think you deserve?" Elijah asked lining up the paddle with Jeremy's backside.  "Uncle Elijah, I don't know," Jeremy whined.  Pop! Elijah swatted him right in the center of both cheeks.  "Try again!" Elijah said, whacking him again in the same spot. Pop! "Ah, 30?" Jeremy shot out. He did feel guilty about making Finn cry. It was only right that he should be made to cry.  "How about 15?" Elijah asked swatting his right cheek hard. Pop! "Yes, sir," Jeremy spit out, trying to hold his position.  Pop! Elijah smacked him on his left cheek firmly.  Pop! The next swat caught him on both cheeks and Jeremy bounced up. Elijah steadied him with his hand.  Elijah gave him the rest of the paddling slowly popping randomly until Jeremy's behind was a light shade of pink. The last ten were firm, but not hard enough that Jeremy started crying. He was struggling to stay still, but managed counting the smacks in his head.  "Okay, all done. You took that well," Elijah said sitting on the bed. Jeremy went to pull up his pants.  "Leave your pants where they are and stay down on the bed. I'm going to see if your father wants to discuss the apology letters further with you," Elijah remarked patting him on the back. "But Uncle Elijah, I can do them really fast," Jeremy argued.  Crack! Crack! Elijah paddled Jeremy hard once across each sit spot.  "Owww! That hurts," Jeremy yelled, starting to cry. "I don't think your apology letters were meant to be rushed, Jeremy. Do you?" Elijah asked tapping the paddle against his behind. Jeremy sniffled and didn't answer. Pop! Pop! "Jeremy, do I need to give you another paddling? Because if I do, it will not be as mild as this first spanking. I asked you a question. Are apology letters meant to be rushed?" Elijah asked again.  Pop! "No, sir. I'm sorry," Jeremy was now crying harder. He thought he was done. He was pretty sure his father was going to give him another spanking now. He would rather be at school than here getting his butt beat over and over again. Plus, Finn knew he was in trouble and probably Freya, now Elijah was going to involve his dad? When did it end?  "They are not. Now do not move and think about why you just got a spanking and may get another one in a moment," Elijah said firmly causing Jeremy to break out into heavy, hopeless sobs. -----------*** "Elijah, Jeremy didn't his even eat breakfast yet," Freya said when he came in the kitchen.  "Oh, I didn't realize that. I'm sure this will be over quickly. Where's Niklaus?" Elijah asked. "Right here, brother," Klaus said anxiously.  Elijah filled him in.  "Thanks, Elijah. It seems like Jeremy's told me a fib last night. Sister, did you say he didn't eat yet. Perhaps I'll spare him the ordeal of eating soap then and just spank him soundly. I'm sure this will be his last time suspended from school. Thank you," Klaus said as Freya held a mini muffin up to his lips.---------*** Klaus saw Jeremy still bent over and now just sniffling. His backside was pink from the paddling Elijah had just administered.  "Jeremy, I hear that it's been quite a morning," Klaus said to the bent over boy.  "Sorry, D-ddaddy," Jeremy cried.  "Hey, tell me what happened," Klaus said pulling him up to stand in front of him as he sat on the bed. Jeremy sobbed out the whole story.  "I should wash out your mouth with soap, but your aunt said you didn't even eat yet. I do think you earned a good spanking in addition to what Elijah gave you. But since you were honest and apologized to Finn, you can pick if you want to get it over with now or get it tonight," Klaus asked gently.  "Over with now, please," Jeremy decided tearfully. "I'm not going to go easier on you just because your uncle already paddled you," Klaus stated firmly.  Jeremy nodded, "I shouldn't have lied. I just didn't think it was that big of a deal."  Klaus bent Jeremy over his left knee and locked his right leg over Jeremy's legs to lock him into place. He picked up the round wooden paddle and steadied Jeremy with his left arm. He wanted to get this over with.  "I love you and sometimes that means paddling your naughty behind when you misbehave. Think about how you could have avoided all of this, son," Klaus said.  "No, please, Dad. I already got it from Uncle-," Jeremy started to protest and panic as he felt the smooth wood rest on his already stinging behind. Klaus began to swat Jeremy's bottom quickly and firmly all over with the light paddle. He spanked him steadily, not stopping until Jeremy's backside was bright red and he heard him sobbing. The boy howled and tried to thrash as much as possible, but he was pinned tightly and had to take the burning swats. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Klaus threw down the paddle and released his legs. The whole punishment only took a moment or two. He gave him a moment to catch his breath and then stood him up. Jeremy's hands finally could try to rub out the sting from his backside. Klaus got up and got a wet washcloth to wipe his face. Jeremy was still crying. "Do you need to calm down in the corner or do you want to come out and apologize to Elijah?" Klaus asked.  "Uncle Elijah," Jeremy sniffled.  Klaus stood and held him a minute and asked if he was alright. "Yes, Dad. I think so. I mean, I will be," Jeremy said with a half smile. His backside hurt and felt raw every time he moved, but he knew that it would fade to a warm itchiness by evening. "After you write your letters, want to go paint in the studio?" Klaus asked quietly. He knew that Jeremy finished all of his schoolwork already, a little together time might make up for the taxing morning. Jeremy nodded and let Klaus smooth back his hair. Klaus grabbed the paddle to put back in the drawer and put his arm around Jeremy to walk him out.  Elijah saw the boy and almost smiled at how worn out he looked. Anyone seeing Jeremy would know the boy just got a very sound spanking.  Elijah stood and opened his arms to the still weepy boy, whispering, "Shh, it's over now. Love you."  Jeremy said he was sorry and Elijah held him a bit longer and rubbed his back. Freya brought out the plate of muffins and tea for everyone. Vanessa and Kol joined. They didn't need to ask what happened, Jeremy's face was blotchy and he kept trying to rub his behind.  Klaus and Elijah let Jeremy write his apology letters standing up at the kitchen island. No one really had the heart to force him to sit. -------------****Elijah watched as Vanessa went over some vocabulary words with Finn and Henrik. Finn seemed to bounce back quickly from his morning trauma.  "Elijah, can we go play now?" Finn asked.  "I don't know. Miss Monroe, what do you think?" Elijah smiled.  "I think they did a very nice job today and it is Friday," Vanessa replied happily.  "Thank you. You are very good with them," Elijah said honestly.  "They are sweet boys. So innocent. You know, I think they might be okay at school. There is a small private school that I interviewed at. I didn't get the job there, but if you are interested, it may be a perfect fit for your brothers," Vanessa shared.  "It sounds great," Elijah said.  "I mean, it's very expensive, but if that isn't an issue," Vanessa shared.  "If it helps them, we'll get the money," Elijah promised.  "Is Jeremy okay? He looked like he had been through the ringer. I don't mean to pry," Vanessa remarked shyly.  "Oh no, Vanessa. You're family now. Part of Jeremy's punishment for his suspension was to write apology letters, he fibbed about it last night and was rushing to do it today. He dumped cereal on Finn by mistake and then shouted at him in the bathtub. I found Finn sobbing and running around out here naked!" Elijah shared as they both laughed.  "I shouldn't laugh, but these kids do keep things interesting," Vanessa admitted, pushing her brown hair behind her ears.  "I ended up smacking Finn on the backside for the first time to get him in the tub. Then I paddled Jeremy's behind for him for telling Finn to 'get in the goddamn tub.' I guess that is why they call me 'the mean one.'" Elijah revealed.  "I'm sorry you had to be the heavy today. But they love you," Vanessa shared.  "Thank you. I do love them. More than I ever thought possible," Elijah confessed with bright eyes.  Vanessa leaned over and kissed him softly.  "Oh, I'm sorry. I don't know what got into-," Vanessa gasped.  Elijah didn't let her finish, but kissed her back a little harder. Elijah asked Freya and Kol to watch the boys and no one saw him or Vanessa the rest of the night. 
  
    Chapter Text
    On Saturday, the dinner party was scheduled for 5 pm. Elijah was making Italian since that was something everyone seemed to eat, Freya was helping him. Klaus made everyone promise to not bring up cooking out since the last two parties ended in disaster.  Kol looked at the game room in horror. What the hell had the boys been doing up here? Since Davina was gone, he hadn't been up here. There were half-drank aluminum cans, opened bags of potato chips, a pizza box, and other garbage strewn about.  Kol wasn't as neat as Elijah, but he also wasn't a total slob either. He walked down to the boys' room to find Tyler and Jeremy playing some first-person shooter game he wasn't familiar with.  "Hey, lads," Kol said leaning against the door frame.  "Hey Uncle Kol, come to watch me kick Ty's ass?" Jeremy said excitedly.  "No, mate. Hey, how about you guys go up and clean out that game room? I'm telling you if Elijah sees it, he's gonna explode," Kol said looking behind him to make sure his Elijah wasn't lurking behind him. "Nah, he's kind of busy with new vamp Miss Monroe, if ya know what I mean," Matt laughed from the other side of the room.  "Aye, at least someone's getting it around here," Kol muttered under his breath. "We were supposed to clean up this shit hole, too. ASAP, if these two lazy, pricks would get off their asses. I'm not doing it by myself," Matt announced. "Mates, Matt is right. Get off your game and start helping him. Then, get upstairs and decontaminate that game room," Kol concluded.  "We will in a minute!" Tyler said still playing the game with Jeremy. Matt just shrugged. Kol tossed a quick gaze back at Tyler and Jeremy and shrugged back. Finn came in from his room next door.  "Want to see what we built, Uncle Kol?" Finn asked pulling on his sleeve.  "Aye, buddy. Is it tower?" Kol asked.  "No," Finn laughed.  "Is it a bridge?" Kol continued.  "No," Finn said dragging him into the room.  "It's a fort!" Kol said acting surprised, it was always a fort. All of the blankets, pillows, and cushions from the small couch to the side were piled up over the bed. They had been able to move the beds back into single beds the last week. "Very formidable. No one could get through this fort!" Kol said pretending that he couldn't breach the pillow walls. Henrik jumped on the bed and then launched himself on Kol's back.  Kol heard raised voices. He zeroed in with his supernatural hearing and hear Klaus yelling at the boys about the state of their room.  "Turn off that machine instantly!" Klaus ordered.  Tyler responded, "Dad, we can't. We're in a match. Just give us another minute."  Then, silence.  "Really?" Tyler snapped in irritation. Klaus must have pulled the plug. "Now, I'm going to check back up here in 45 minutes and this room better be spotless," Klaus said slamming the door shut.  "Ah lads, were you also supposed to be cleaning this room?" Kol said from the floor.  Before they answered, Klaus came in and said, "Bloody hell!" Henrik was in awe, "You just cursed!"  "Ah, yes. I did. I'm sorry, brother, but I thought you two were cleaning. What did you do to Kol?" Klaus said kicking Kol's stocking foot with his boot.  "They tackled me for trying to get in their fort. I'm defeated," Kol said trying to get up despite the barrage of tackles.  "Boys, let him get up!" Klaus laughed. "Elijah sent me up here to make sure that the house looked presentable for the company tonight."  "Sorry, brother, I told those lads to get started on that room. Poor Matt was trying, so if you have to bust some...backsides, spare his," Kol said, proud of himself for not being the one to curse in front of the younger boys.  "Thank you, Kol. Would you mind supervising in here? I'm going to check the game room," Klaus said turning.  "Brother?" Kol cringed.  "Yes?" Klaus said. "Umm, I was just up there and it's a ...real mess. I reminded the older boys to go clean. They didn't seem real motivated to get up there," Kol admitted.  Klaus took a deep breath and in a low voice, "It's like the more I try to be patient with them and not shout, the less they listen. Maybe I'm just tense, I talked to Marcel this morning. They want to wait in New Orleans for Davina." Kol nodded, "That makes me feel better. I mean, I keep thinking what if she wakes up and there is no one there to take care of her.  I was thinking though, why don't we go down there for Thanksgiving. To the compound. We could even stay at the governor's mansion if we needed to. Would that help, brother?" Klaus smiled, "You know what, that's the best idea I've heard all day. I don't see why not. Thank you, Kol."  "No worries. Now, come on. Who can help me help me clean this up the fastest? Henrik the Great or Fantastic Finn? Race!" Kol announced as the boys scrambled to pick up the remnants of the fort.  Klaus backtracked to the older boys' room.  "Making any progress?" Klaus said opening the door.  Matt was dutifully picking up clothes off the floor, but Tyler and Jeremy were sitting on the couch watching a video on Tyler's phone.  Matt shouted, "I am not picking up Ty's disgusting socks!" "Matthew, dear, you do not have to," Klaus said firmly, he held out his hand for Tyler's cell phone.  "No! Dad, come on. Please!" Tyler begged. "Hand it over son, or you are losing it for a week instead of just today. Jeremy, you, too," Klaus added.  Jeremy took his phone from his pocket and gave it to Klaus. Tyler rolled his eyes, huffed, and finally put it in Klaus' hand. Tyler's face was red from anger. "After you clean up in here, I want all three of you in the game room. And don't forget your bathroom. Did someone vomit? Anyway, just get it clean. Got it?" Klaus asked.  "Yes, Dad," Jeremy said resigned.  "Jeremy, this is all your fault. If you didn't get suspended, then your family wouldn't want to come and we wouldn't have to do all this cleaning," Tyler snarled.  "Gentlemen, please excuse us, I'll like to speak with Tyler a moment," Klaus said pointing at the door. Tyler stood his ground.  "Tyler, if I have to drag you out of here like a cranky three year old, you are going to be very sorry. Now, move," Klaus said. Tyler finally left on his own volition and headed for Klaus' room.  "Stop, Son, we can talk here," Klaus said shutting the door softly this time. Tyler folded his arms across his chest defiantly and leaned against the wall.  "Did something happen with Caroline? Your mother? You invited them both, right?" Klaus inquired. "Yeah, Dad. Caroline's coming. My mom has some mayor's thing out of town. Thanks for letting me invite them. You didn't have to," Tyler admitted.  "Son, your friends and family are welcome here anytime. This is your home now, too. Now what's the issue with this cleaning and that crack you made about Jeremy?" Klaus pressed wanting an answer.  Tyler flushed, "I guess I'm just not good at cleaning up after myself. I mean at my house, we always had our housekeeper and a cleaning lady. I never really had to pick up after myself and I guess it's easier for me to just let Matt do it."  "Thank you telling me the truth. But now that you have realized this, what do you need to do to make it right?" Klaus asked.  "Do my part. Probably be nicer to Matt and give him a break. I guess I could do the bathroom myself," Tyler conceded.  "That would be a good start. Now go in there and clean up this place so Caroline doesn't think you live in a pig sty! Actually, the pig sty my family used to tend in the village was cleaner than that room. Filthy. That does not impress the ladies. I mean it, Tyler. I want that game room spotless, too. And I will be keeping the cell phones for 24 hours. If I'm not impressed with your cleaning, it will be one week," Klaus threatened.  "Okay, Dad. I'll do better," Tyler promised. Klaus grabbed him behind the neck and pulled him to his chest.  "I know, son. You have 30 minutes now. Move," Klaus smiled. "Got it," Tyler said. "Son, remember tonight's the full moon. So if you start feeling a little edgy, take a break or come get me," Klaus added before leaving.  "Yeah, Dad. I will," Tyler promised. -------------***"Can you zip me up?" Vanessa said. "I'd rather just take it off you, but I do want to please the lady," Elijah said coming up behind Vanessa to zip her. He nuzzled her neck. "Why, kind sir, you have already pleased this lady! Several times in fact," Vanessa drawled in a faux southern accent.  "This isn't going to be much of a dinner party if there is no food," Elijah laughed, kissing her passionately.  "Go, go, let me finish dressing in peace. I'll be down to help you in a minute," Vanessa said pushing him away.  Elijah had fixed her a wine glass full of blood. Her homework was to slowly sip her "wine" slowly. Vanessa felt like she was getting more control over the bloodlust every day. And this thing with Elijah was giving her a new type of lust. It was funny how all of a sudden it hit both of them, but how real it seemed. She was trying to take things minute by minute, but she could tell she was falling deep. With her heart condition, Vanessa had lived each day as it had been her last, now she seemed to have forever. It was something she couldn't wrap her head around. And being a vampire? It was nothing like Isobel had described it. These vampires were more caring and in control than most of her own family, who were cold and distant.  "Hey Vanessa, I have those shoes I told you about!" Freya called from the doorway.  "Oh hey, thanks, come in," Vanessa replied straightening her dress.  "You look beautiful!", Freya exclaimed.  Rebekah had directed them to raid her closets.  Vanessa had found a short red, velvet cocktail dress that went perfectly with her coloring. Freya found a green skirt and silky blouse that reminded her of an outfit she wore a century ago.  "So, how's it going with my little brother today?" Freya teased. She had been picking up the slack watching the boys when the new couple had been together. Yet, they made sure to give Freya a break in the afternoons or evenings. "I don't want to jinx it. He's awful, it's horrible. I will be single forever," Vanessa smiled.  "Well, here's that little potion I whipped up for dinner. If you feel yourself getting overwhelmed, pour it in your wine/blood. It will dull your senses and hopefully let you relax. And if you start to...," Freya started  "...feel like I'm going to drain someone, I'll head to my quarters," Vanessa pledged.  "Yes, Vanessa. They know you just turned and hell, weirder crap has happened in Mystic Falls so just enjoy yourself," Freya insisted. "I will," Vanessa agreed. ------------****"There she is," Alaric said, when he said Vanessa. He wasn't sure if he should hug her, but she threw her arms around him. "I'm okay," she smiled.  "Lady, you are better than okay. Immortality agrees with you," Alaric said amazed with the sparkle in her eyes.  "And you've met Jenna before," Alaric said.  "Oh yes, so nice to see you," Vanessa smiled.  "You too, it's been a while," Jenna said.  Elena said, "Hi, thanks for having us. Now, where's my idiot little brother? I'm going to ring his neck?"  "Upstairs," Klaus said kissing her on the cheek. Elijah smiled. He hoped the girl would never know how they had spared her life when the Strix wanted her.  Bonnie and Caroline came in together next. Tyler greeted them.  "Tyler, I've been texting you ALL afternoon. Way to like blow me off," Caroline ranted. "Ah, I got my phone taken away," Tyler admitted. "Oh my god, is there ever a day where you don't get in trouble? Literally, every day, he does something else..." Caroline continued.  "Hello, Caroline, how nice to see you. Yes, Tyler is quite the handful. Tyler, you did clean up the game room, correct?" Klaus asked. "Yes, sir. It's like perfect. Can we go upstairs now?" Tyler asked. "Of course. Kids, help yourself to drinks and food over there. We'll eat soon," Klaus said helping Henrik put a straw in his drink box. He squeezed it too hard and the red punch got all over his shirt.  After drinks and some pretty elaborate hors d'oeuvres, dinner was finally served. The table was just big enough to accommodate everyone, sparing the need for a kids' table. Finn would only eat garlic bread, but everyone else seemed to like Elijah's lasagnas. He had made two different types.  Klaus made a semi-long toast. Elena was still glaring at Jeremy for getting suspended from school. Vanessa was confused, it was coming from Jenna.  "Vanessa, my dear, what's wrong?" Elijah asked gripping her hand.  Everyone looked at her. She didn't want to be the weird new vamp, but she had to know. "I'm sorry but you have the weirdest heart beat. It's like dum-duh, then duh, I can't explain it. Forget it, it's silly," Vanessa drifted off looking at Jenna.  The other vampires in the room smiled. Jenna and Alaric looked at each other.  "Well, it seems like we have some news. Jenna is pregnant...with twins!" Alaric said with pride.  Jeremy got up and hugged Jenna and Alaric. Everyone else said their congratulations and talked about plans for the new babies.  Elena said, "I should have known when she stopped drinking wine, but I just found out myself."  "This is terrific news," Elijah smiled. Klaus made another toast to the couple and the twins. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to spoil the surprise," Vanessa gulped, but Jenna had been about ready to share the news anyway. It was hard to keep a secret like that around Mystic Falls.  Vanessa and Elijah were practically feeding each other until Finn and Henrik started arguing at the table. Finn hit Henrik on the hand with his butter knife, causing the younger boy to have a screaming fit. Vanessa got him ice for his hand. Elijah took Finn in the bathroom to threaten him to settle down or get sent to bed early.   Caroline grabbed Tyler's hand under the table and smiled shyly. They had always joked about having twins. Bonnie and Jeremy were arm wrestling and playing footsie under the table.  Matt was laughing at the romance around him, this was worse than a wedding. He made the mistake of looking at Elena. His former best friend, his first love, the girl he lost his virginity to, the girl who broke his heart.  Elena smiled and looked away awkwardly. There was no romance on her part left. Matt looked up and felt Klaus' eyes on him. There was love there. Matt smiled back and knew that he had everything he needed right here.  A father, who unlike his biological one, would never leave him. Brothers, though, they could be bratty, were always around. Uncles and aunts, even Davina, when she came back, was kind of a cousin. Matt looked over at Tyler, who was getting berated by Caroline for something he did two years ago... "Hey Ty?" Matt said suddenly. "What, man?" Tyler asked absentmindedly.  "Where's your moonlight ring?" Matt asked loudly.  Tyler looked down and saw that it was gone. The full moon was less than an hour away. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Tyler started to panic. Where was his moonlight ring? He was never supposed to take it off. He was cleaning the bathroom earlier. Had it slipped off then?  "What's going on?" Klaus said from the other end of the table. The dinner party was winding down. Everyone was complimenting Elijah's tiramisu recipe. "I lost my ring," Tyler admitted, holding up his hand in a panic.  Matt hopped up, "I'll look in the bathroom upstairs." Alarmed, Elijah looked at Alaric, "Maybe you better get the girls home?" "Yeah, I think that's a good idea. Tyler, I'm sure you will find it. Bonnie, Caroline, you best leave now also and let them look," Alaric said as calmly as possible.  Jenna quickly thanked Freya and Elijah for everything. She was getting tired anyway. She kissed her nephew goodbye and told him to behave himself. She hadn't lectured him about his suspension since she knew Elena was furious and had already done so.  Vanessa started to take the younger two boys up to bed but they started  arguing they wanted to stay up.  Kol stepped in, "Hey, stop arguing, lads. It's way past your bedtimes anyway. It's almost...midnight." Kol and Elijah realized that Vanessa should also get to safety. They didn't know exactly when Tyler would turn, but werewolves had a natural preference for hunting vampires.  Elijah said, "Vanessa, perhaps you should head down to the safe room. Just until we get a handle on this." Elijah kissed her on the lips and she nodded and went downstairs. She didn't want him to have to worry about her.  Kol continued to herd the younger boys up to bed. If they didn't find the ring, then they would have no choice but to lock Tyler up in the secure basement room and let him turn. It wouldn't be pleasant, but no one would be harmed.  Tyler and Matt searched the bathroom.  "Do you remember taking it off?" Matt said.  "No, I never take it off anymore. Never," Tyler said.  Klaus vamped in, "Matt, you and Jeremy better get down to the safe room. We'll take Tyler down in a few minutes if we don't have any luck." "Okay, Dad. Good luck, man. You'll find it," Matt said patting Tyler on the back.  Freya came up see what she could do. She didn't think she could do a locator spell on an item and not fast enough anyway. ----------------*****Kol was carrying Henrik and holding Finn's hand to get them upstairs. They had picked up on the nervous energy and were scared.  "It's okay. Come on, let's get your teeth brushed and then you can turn in," Kol said.  "I don't want to brush my teeth, Uncle Kol," Finn whined.  "I know you are tired, lad," Kol said.  Kol took them into the hallway bathroom and set them up with their toothbrushes.  ---------------*****Klaus was down on the floor looking behind the trash can.  Tyler was behind him. Klaus found nothing on the floor. Their eyes met in the mirror.  "Dad, I-," Tyler started.  "Son, I know what you are going to say," Klaus said. "I'm ready. I guess I knew this moment was coming. Can you take me now?" Tyler said.  "To the cave? The wolf cave...It's been drawing you to it," Klaus said. "Yes, I think we should leave now," Tyler said nervously.  "Drink some water, it may be a while before you get another drink. Come on, Son," Klaus responded. Klaus caught Elijah on their way out and filled him in. ---------------****"Will you turn with me?" Tyler asked Klaus as they got neared to the old Lockwood property.  "Yes, I can partially turn into kind of a wolfman form, I'm still conscience, but more wolf than man, or vampire," Klaus smiled.  "I'm not afraid. Not anymore," Tyler said honestly.  "It will hurt, but once you are hunting, you will forget all that. I'll keep you from hurting any vampires or humans. Maybe we'll even run into another pack?" Klaus said hopefully.  "I just can't figure out what happened to my ring...It was kind of big, so maybe it slipped off," Tyler speculated. --------------*****"Okay, pajamas on. Quickly, I can't dress you if you fall asleep. I don't think you lads have ever been up this late," Kol said, trying to get Finn and Henrik's night clothes ready.  Kol's vampire hearing heard Finn whisper to Henrik, "Just show him. It'll be worse for you if you don't later."  Kol turned from the dresser with some mismatched sets of pajamas.  "Finn, if this has anything to do with Tyler's ring, you best tell me now," Kol warned.  "That's Henrik's shirt!" Finn exclaimed as Kol approached with the wrong shirt. "Finn, please, what's going on?" Kol pressed.  Henrik paled, his fists were tight. Kol grabbed a different shirt for Finn and again heard them trying to whisper.  "No! Don't," Henrik said. "Henrik, do you know something?" Kol asked quietly.  Henrik didn't answer. Kol threw Finn's dirty clothes on the floor. He laid Finn down on his stomach and smacked his behind. Whack! Finn struggled to turn back over and threw his hands back in panic.  "Finn, if you know something and don't tell me, you're going to get a real spanking," Kol threatened smacking him a second time. Whack! "No!" Finn yelped.  Kol pulled down his p.j. and underwear in one motion and swatted him on his bare behind. Smack! "Henrik has it!" Finn yelled. Kol stayed his hand. Kol replaced his pj bottoms and went to Henrik's bed. Henrik was backing up on the bed. "Henrik, where's the ring?" Kol demanded firmly. Time was of the essence. Tyler could turn at any moment.  Henrik just let out a little whine. Kol had it. He knew the lad knew something. He was ready to put Henrik over his knee until this was sorted out. Kol went to grab him and felt a tremendous pain in his head.  He crumpled to the ground. Finn got up and ran to the door, but it slammed shut. -------------****Klaus and Tyler got to the cave right before midnight. The moon was shining brightly.  "This is the cave where my family was to hide each month 1000 years ago. The wolves never wanted to hurt anyone in the village. I snuck out and broke that rule and Henrik followed me. I did not know it, but it was my pack I was called to see. All I did was get my brother slaughtered and Ansel's pack destroyed by Mikael," Klaus recalled touching the cold stone.  "Ansel? Is that your real dad?" Tyler asked starting to take off his clothes.  "Yes, but I never really think of him that way. I know it makes no sense, but Mikael has always loomed so large in my life that there was no room for another father," Klaus admitted, now also taking off his jacket.  "I had my share of issues with my old man, but nothing like what Mikael did to you. Ah, I felt something. Like a shifting in my leg. Is it starting?" Tyler gasped.  "Yes, here drink my blood. It will dull your pain and heal the breaks even faster than your werewolf healing," Klaus said cutting open his wrist.  Tyler drank holding on to Klaus' hand. His heart was beating, not with fear, but with excitement. Then, he felt the break in his thigh bone and went to the ground. It felt like a hot blade slide into his bones, and then it happened in ten different places. Tyler's mind went blank.  Klaus whispered, "Become the wolf you were always meant to be, my son." Klaus' eyes turned yellow and he transformed himself. He howled and in the distance, he heard other howls. The full moon was at its zenith. -----------*****"What the hell?" Freya said. She had just seen the door slam shut. Elijah released everyone from the safe room as Tyler and Klaus were gone. Freya tried to open the door and it stuck a moment before opening.  She saw Kol on the ground and Finn pinned to the wall.  Henrik was chanting and clutching something in his fist.  "Henrik, what is happening?" Freya demanded.  "Sorry, Freya. I got scared," Henrik said in a small voice.  "Release Finn, right now," Freya insisted.  As soon as Finn could breath again, he pointed a finger at Henrik.  "He found the ring in the bathroom and took it! Freya, he has Tyler's ring," Finn accused.  "What did you do to Kol?" Freya asked rushing over.  Kol was stirring.  "I think the little bugger did an aneurysm spell on me! Haven't felt that since 1913," Kol sat up and looked at Henrik.  "Sorry, Uncle Kol! I didn't mean to," Henrik said crying.  "Young man, where is the ring now?" Freya insisted.  Henrik held out his hand and the ring was there. Freya snatched it out of his hand with relief.  "Why, Henrik?" Kol asked standing up above the bed.  "I don't know," Henrik sobbed.  Finn added, "I told him to give it back, but he said that Tyler was mean to us. He never lets us play video games with them anymore."  "And that's why you stole his ring?" Freya asked alarmed.  "I'll call Nik and see if he turned yet," Kol said walking away for a moment.  Henrik shook his head, "I found it in the bathroom. I wanted it. I didn't know it was important."  Freya sat on the bed, "You used magic against your family?"  Kol came back over, "I smacked Finn's bare bum for not telling on you. I think you ought to get a few licks just to even out that score." Freya smiled, "May I, brother? As you know, witches who use magic inappropriately are subject to coven discipline."  "By all means, sister," Kol said going to sit on Finn's bed. He patted the boy, who was watching this all nervously.  "Flip over," Freya demanded shortly. "No, Freya, sorry," Henrik wailed, curling up so she couldn't turn him over.  Freya flipped him on his stomach. She bared his behind quickly and he yelled out to stop. "Stop moving," she scolded. Freya gave him five strong smacks that left red hand prints on his bottom. Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Henrik thrashed and wailed with each crack, but Freya's other hand kept him from turning to his side or back. Freya was angry and stopped herself from continuing the punishment. Since he was not yet dressed for bed. She peeled off his pants and underwear and tossed them with Finn's dirty clothes. Henrik's hand immediately went to rub and protect his rear end as soon as she let him go.  "That's just a preview of the spanking you are going to get tomorrow, Henrik. I am very disappointed in your behavior," Freya lectured. This caused Henrik to wail harder and she softened and patted him to let him know it was over.  "Come on, let's take off your dirty shirt," Freya said as Kol handed her his pajama shirt. Freya smiled as she noticed the pants Kol had chosen didn't match.  "What? I couldn't find them!" he said in his defense.  "Sorry, brother. They are in the clothes basket," Freya admitted. Elijah's tryst had slowed down clothes distribution a tad.  "Freya, I think you walloped him hard enough that he can just sleep with pants off tonight," Kol smirked.  Freya nodded, she kissed the still crying Henrik.  "We'll talk about this in the morning. You boys need to get to sleep. It's midnight already. You can sleep in tomorrow. I love you," Freya said kissing Henrik again. She went over to where Finn and Kol were. "You okay, sweetheart?" she said to Finn. "Yeah," he replied. She kissed him and Kol, but felt guilty about leaving.  "Sister, go to bed. I'll stay. I don't like to sleep alone anyway since Davina's been gone," Kol admitted.  "I love all of you. I have Tyler's ring now," Freya said holding it up. To Kol, she said, "Let me know if Niklaus needs the ring, but I feel like it's too late. The moon is especially bright tonight, isn't it?" Kol looked out the window and agreed. His vampire hearing thought he heard a howl. He remembered the night Henrik died in his human life and he was filled with love and gratitude for their baby brother. He would be forgiven, not matter how great or small his transgressions.  Kol told Finn to get up for a second. He moved Finn's bed up to Henrik's to make a double bed. Henrik was sniffling.  Kol got in, still in his clothes, and pulled Henrik and Finn both to him.  "Uncle Kol, I'm scared," Henrik whispered.  "Shh, I know, lad. I used to get scared, too, when I had done something wrong. I'm not going to lie and say you're not in for it, but I think you'll feel better after, okay?" Kol replied in a hushed tone.  "Sorry about your head," Henrik said right as he fell asleep. "Nice butt," Finn giggled, laughing at Henrik.  Kol glanced down at Henrik's backside and saw a few red marks still visible. He reminded himself never to piss off Freya. That woman had a hard hand. Kol pulled the sheet over them and lay away as the boys fell into the deep sleep of childhood and exhaustion.--------------*****The next morning when Tyler came to, he was back at the wolf cave. Klaus was leaning on the wall of the cave in his black leather jacket smiling. Tyler recalled the night in snippets: the running, the chasing, the howling, and the hunt. The snarling, the tearing, the taste of blood, the snap of bone...It felt like a dream, but it has been real. He felt only exhilaration.  "Good, huh?" Klaus said, pushing Tyler's pile of clothes near him with his foot.  "Dad, it was better than I imagined. Turning was worse than I expected, but damn, the hunting. Was that a deer? Jesus, it was...," Tyler was at a loss for word.  "You did great. I was able to guide you around some squatters camping up on that ridge. You obeyed me as your alpha and you did not harm them, though you wanted to.  We actually got two deer and you got a rabbit yourself," Klaus smiled. Tyler dressed quickly.  "Did they find the ring?" Tyler asked.  "Henrik had it!" Klaus said checking his cell phone.  "What? Oh, he had come in to use our bathroom. He had been drinking all those juice boxes and almost had an accident, but he didn't say a word. Why would he take it?" Tyler inquired.  "I don't know, son," Klaus replied.  "I know he wanted to play Call of Duty with us the other day. Uncle Elijah said it wasn't appropriate and not to let him. He got mad and I guess I was kind of a dick about it. Do you think that's it?" Tyler pressed.  "Could be, but he's going to get his first good hiding over this," Klaus said putting his arm around Tyler.  "Oh, Dad, don't be too hard on him. He's just a little kid. Of course, at his age, I was getting that stupid helping hand paddle applied to my bare butt on a regular basis. Probably, not as much as I deserved though," Tyler admitted.  "I'm proud of you, son. Long ago the witches tried to make this a curse, but we have made it a gift. We can do this again, or not, it's up to you," Klaus said pulling in Tyler for a side hug. "Again, please," Tyler smiled and then let out a howl. He was now complete.------------****Freya had filled Elijah in on what happened after she left the younger boys' room. She was upset about Henrik taking the ring and using magic, but Elijah assured her they would deal with it tomorrow.  Elijah spent the night down in Vanessa's quarters. Though they were underground on the basement level, the suite was opulent. Elijah thought no wonder I had to wire money from that other account. Who puts Italian marble in a basement apartment? Niklaus apparently.  Elijah came up later than usual to start making his typical Sunday morning brunch. He hoped that the boys would all sleep in after the turmoil of last night. He was surprised to see Henrik up and watching tv. "Good morning, Henrik. Where's Finn?" Elijah said looking around.  "Sleeping. Uncle Kol is upstairs in our room. He's mad at me," Henrik mumbled. Elijah decided to feign that he didn't know what happened to hear Henrik's side of the story.  "Kol is angry at you? I doubt that. Henrik, you know Kol is our brother, right?" Elijah explained gently.  "Yes, Elijah, I know who my brothers are. I don't think Kol is mad at me, but Finn is because I...," Henrik stopped, as tears rolled down his face.  "What, baby brother? You can tell me," Elijah said going to wrap his arms around him. Henrik didn't talk much and he was almost never without Finn. Henrik pushed him away.  "I was bad. I found the ring, Tyler's ring, and put it in my pocket. Then, I used magic on Uncle Kol and Finn. Freya spanked me and I'm gonna get another...Niklaus will hate me," Henrik sobbed.  "Honey, come here. It's going to be okay. Niklaus would never hate you in an eternity. It's okay," Elijah said.  "No, it's not," Henrik replied.  "Henrik, it sounds like you did do something naughty. Why didn't you tell Tyler you found the ring when everyone was looking for it?" Elijah asked. "No one asked me. Finn knew I had it, but I just wanted to keep it, I guess," Henrik blurted. He told Elijah about how he found the ring, but he really couldn't explain why he kept it.  "Okay, you can tell Tyler you are sorry when he gets home. And yes, you are going to get punished, but then after that, it's all over okay," Elijah reassured him.  Henrik nodded.  "Now help me make brunch. Do you know how to crack an egg?" Elijah asked.  Henrik shook his head and tried to help.  Shortly after, the door from the garage opened.  "Hello, how was your big night?" Elijah said wiping his hands on his apron.  Tyler was radiating happiness.  "Uncle Elijah, it was pretty awesome. With Dad at my side, it was better than I expected," Tyler gushed.  "Fantastic. Are you hungry? Henrik and I are making a big brunch," Elijah announced, putting his arm around his youngest sibling.  Henrik buried his head in Elijah's chest.  "Uh-oh, I hear that someone caused a bit of mischief here. Henrik, I think you have something to say to Tyler," Klaus intoned kindly.  "Sorry," Henrik muttered into Elijah's apron.  Elijah peeled him away, "Is that the best you can do? Hmm?" Henrik shyly looked at Tyler and saw that he wasn't looking angry.  Tyler came over and opened his arms,"It's okay, buddy. Everything turned out pretty good. Really."  Henrik went near him and let Tyler embrace him. "How about we'll play Mario Cart later? Okay? As much as you want," Tyler promised. Henrik nodded and looked up at Klaus.  "Yes, I think that would be okay. We are going to have a talk with you later, though. Henrik, you can go watch television a bit," Klaus said. Henrik seemed okay and went to the great room by himself. "Tyler, son, why don't you go take a shower and then sleep a little? I need to talk to Elijah a minute," Klaus said looking at his brother.  "So I'm pleased it went so well. Last night was stressful. I swear, brother, every party we have...," Elijah laughed.  "I know, but he did better than I could have dreamed. I turned into my wolf state and he obeyed me. It kept him from attacking some campers and we really had a great time. I never thought I'd have another wolf to be a pack with. But enough about me, tell me about Henrik," Klaus said quietly. Elijah told him what he knew. "I know he's feeling guilty and he's worried about his punishment. I think Freya is too upset. She said she gave him five good cracks and told him last night he was going to get another spanking today. Kol is still upstairs sleeping in the younger boys' room. Finn's still sleeping.," Elijah explained.  "You think I should spank Henrik, don't you?" Klaus asked. He knew his brother.  "I'm sorry, brother. I know you are tired and have been doling out thrashings this week one after another, but Henrik looks up to you so much. He's afraid that you hate him. I can spank him if you want, but I think he'd feel more reassured afterwards if it came from you," Elijah admitted.  "I could never hate him. Why would he think that? Silly boy. Let me go rest and bathe myself. I did spend all night as a wolf hunting, you know?" Klaus mentioned.  "One more thing," Klaus said, walking away, "how did Henrik know how to do an aneurism spell? That's something we haven't see since Papa Tunde. Odd." "I really don't know. Maybe say something to Freya later? I would hope she's not teaching him deadly spells before he can read Latin," Elijah mused.  "Latin? I don't even know how much English he knows yet. Have brunch without me, and then maybe have Tyler bring Henrik to my room right after. I have an idea," Klaus shared. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Marcel had been hearing rumors about a new crew of witches in the Quarter. Rumors were always flying around, so it wasn't until the bodies started dropping that he started to take it seriously.  "Hey boss, I think we got a problem," Diego called from the bottom level of the compound up to Marcel, who was drinking a cup of blood. Marcel liked to lean over the balcony and survey his little kingdom down below. Rebekah was in the bedroom on the phone with Freya. Marcel jumped down. Diego was one of his top guys and didn't panic easily.  "That's not good. Just tell me straight," Marcel said.  "No, boss, you have to see this for yourself," Diego frowned.  Marcel nodded.  "Rebekah, I'm going out," Marcel yelled up.  Diego took Marcel to the parking lot where they had found the recently killed young vampires this morning.  The bodies were arranged in a perfect circle. Six vampires with a sigil carved into their forehead. The bodies were left right out in the open. These were not murders, these were a message. "I know this sigil. It's a sacrificial rune for power. There is a witch siphoning their power into himself. But we killed him in 1913..." Marcel said in shock. It was impossible, but yet no one else living knew the symbol. They had killed them all. Papa Tunde was back. ---------------****Tap, tap.  "Come in," Klaus said. He had showered, shaved, and dressed in clean clothes.  "Dad, Uncle Elijah said you wanted to see Henrik," Tyler said.  "Yes, I'm not sure 'see' is the word.  But Henrik, I want you to know that I am not angry and I don't believe Tyler is, are you, son?" Klaus asked leading them to the sitting area of the large room.  "No, I'm not, Henrik. I was scared at first because I knew that I might turn into a werewolf and hurt someone. I was also confused because I figured the ring was someone in the bathroom, but we couldn't find it. And honestly, man, I know that I was a little mean to you about the games. I'm sorry about that. Before I came here, I was an only child and I'm not really used to younger kids. If I can forgive you, can you forgive me?" Tyler asked. "Yeah, Tyler. I meant to give it back to you and then I forgot. After that, I don't really know why I didn't give it back. I guess I was a little mad at you," Henrik flushed.  "Thank you, boys. I would love to leave it at that. But Henrik a while ago, remember when you bit Freya and were very naughty?" Klaus prompted.  "Yeah, you smacked me," Henrik recalled a bit stubbornly.  "Yes, and what did I tell you would happened if you attacked someone in the family again?" Klaus pressed.  Henrik's face grew hot with embarrassment and he couldn't help but look at Tyler. He remembered but didn't want to say it.  "Buddy, you don't have to feel weird. Believe me," Tyler said leaving it at that.  "That you would put me over your knee for another spanking," Henrik said, his eyes filling up with tears. He didn't think Niklaus really meant it. He had been threatened a few times with early bedtimes and losing his toys, but it had never happened.  "That's right. Since you attacked Kol and pinned Finn with magic, I don't think a few smacks with my hand is enough," Klaus started. No, he recalled the special whip that Father only used on Niklaus. Was it here? Somewhere in this house?  "No, brother, don't whip me! I'm sorry, I won't do it again," Henrik jumped up in panic.  "Sweetheart, I'm not going to whip you. Why would you even think that?" Klaus said pulling the now trembling boy to him. "I remember Father hitting you in the barn and Elijah trying to stop him. You were bloody and, he wouldn't stop until Rebekah got in front of him," Henrik trembled.  "You saw that, you were supposed to be in bed. They saved me that night and none of us would ever let that happen to you. You don't ever have to worry about us beating you like that, no matter what you do. You're getting a sound spanking and then your punishment is over, okay? It's going to sting for a little while, but only enough to make you think twice the next time you want to misbehave. Tyler, get the paddle, your old paddle and show him," Klaus said rubbing his hands up Henrik's arms.  "Sad I know where you keep it," Tyler mumbled going to the bedside table where Klaus had kept it since his mom passed it over.  "It will be yours someday, son. When you have kids... Though, you have plenty of time for that," Klaus smiled. Tyler came back and held up the wooden paddle shaped into a hand and said, "See? This is what I used to get, and sometimes still do, get spanked with, when I'm bad. It stings but after a little while, you're okay. See? It's a hand!"  Henrik looked up and giggled a little at the 'helping hand' paddle.  "Don't laugh too hard, mister, it really smarts on a bare butt," Tyler smiled.  "You still get spanked?" Henrik giggled again, looking at Tyler.  "Not that much! Laugh now, because someday, you'll be driving to high school with a red backside yourself," Tyler joked, going to tickle Henrik, who squealed.  "Okay, thank you, Tyler. I think we're going to get this over with. What say you?" Klaus said standing up Henrik.  "Wait!" Henrik said to Tyler who was leaving.  "Tyler, will you stay?" Henrik begged.  Tyler glanced at his father, surprised.  "You mean, during your spanking?" Tyler asked.  "Yes, please," Henrik asked.  "If it's okay with Dad. I guess," Tyler said. He didn't really want to, but couldn't turn his back on the boy. "That would be fine. Maybe you could hold his hands when it's time for the paddle?" Klaus suggested.  Klaus turned Henrik over his left knee and held him down with his left arm across his back.  "Brother, I'm going to spank you with my hand over your pants first. I want you to think about why you are getting a licking right now. Are you ready?" Klaus asked patting him on the backside softly.  "No! I changed my mind, I can't," Henrik whined.  Smack! Klaus knew that Henrik was panicking.  "Think about how Finn and Kol felt last night," Klaus lectured. Whack! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Klaus was using very little of his strength, but flicking his wrist a little. He slowly smacked back and forth from cheek to cheek until Henrik started to wiggle and kick.  Using more force, Klaus brought his large hand across both cheeks for the next ten cracks.  Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! "Are you starting to feel it, young man? I hope so because you will get a good spanking over my knee anytime you hurt your family," Klaus promised. He was spanking slower and softer than he ever did, but Henrik seemed to be feeling more heat. His kicking increased and he was starting to make some noises.  Klaus began to randomly swat all over Henrik's bottom a bit hander until the boy was kicking and yelling out "owww" and "stop!"  "Tell me why you are here?" Klaus asked now smacking the top of Henrik's thighs.  "I didn't give back the right and I did bad magic," Henrik confessed.  "Why did you do that to Kol?" Klaus asked tapping the center of his behind again.  "He was going to spank me to get the ring. I was scared," Henrik yelped as he got a hard smack of two on the sit spot. Klaus heard a little sob and gave him another circuit of spanks until he really seemed affected.  "I'm sorry," Henrik started to wail out.  "Good. Okay, take a breath. Let's go wash your face and then you'll get your paddling and be done," Klaus determined.  Henrik's hands went to rub his behind.  "No rubbing, now come," Klaus smiled at Tyler to see how his was holding up. He gave Klaus a reassuring smile back. The spanking had been mild so far, but Klaus was planning to be firmer with Henrik. He hoped Tyler was okay with this.  Klaus got a wet rag and washed Henrik's face. He had him use the bathroom and then helped him wash his hands.  "Tyler, can you please bring the paddle over here?" Klaus called. Klaus sat on the spot on the bed where he preferred to spank. He stood Henrik in front of him. He patted to his left for Tyler to sit and gave him a pillow for Henrik's head. Henrik became scared and tried to twist away. Klaus swatted him on the thigh.  "Behave. You don't want to earn another spanking, do you?" Klaus asked firmly.  "Noooo," Henrik cried.  "Better be good then, nothing is worse than getting spanked again on a sore backside," Tyler warned.  "Yes, which is why we have to behave ourselves during a punishment, no matter how unpleasant. Now, I'm going to take down your pants, honey. Not to embarrass you, but I need to make sure that you are okay and I'm not bruising your backside, okay?" Klaus said.  Henrik cried out and tried to hold on to his pants. Klaus popped him on the behind firmly.  "Stop it. Tyler, grab his hands," Klaus said,  Tyler easily grasped the boys hands and Klaus slipped off his pants and briefs.  "Step out," Klaus directed. Henrik was now stomping up and down and getting hysterical. Klaus turned him and popped him once on each pink cheek. Smack! Smack! "You are getting a paddling right now whether you like it or not. And don't think of doing any magic or I will call Freya up here and she will spank you on top of this," Klaus threatened.  "I won't. I swear," Henrik said through tears.  "I know this is going to smart, but when I'm spanking you I expect you to cooperate. Tyler will hold your hands and you can kick a little. But typically, trying to get off my lap and avoid the swats will earn you nothing but another paddling. I'm doing this because I love you and want you to be a good boy. Now settle," Klaus ordered. He lifted Henrik so his bare seat was over Klaus' right thigh. His upper body was resting on the bed and his head was on the pillow that was on Tyler's lap. Henrik's legs were resting on the bed. Klaus picked up the wooden paddle and lined it up with Henrik's behind.  "Ready?" Klaus asked.Pop! "Ouch!" Henrik wailed instantly crying and kicking.Pop!Pop! Henrik was flailing and carrying on to the point where Tyler could barely hold his hands. The kicking was over the top.Pop! "Henrik, settle yourself down, right now. Your bottom is barely pink. We have a long way to go. If you think throwing a tantrum is going to get you out of what you have coming, your are wrong," Klaus lectured.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!  Klaus gave him two across each sit spot and the boy screeched bloody murder.  "Ouch, Dad, he bit me!" Tyler yelped, letting go of Henrik's hands and clutching his fingers.  "What?" Klaus said looking over at Tyler. Sure enough, he was bleeding.  "Henrik, what are you thinking?" Klaus stopped paddling and stood up Henrik who was hysterical and trying to rub his backside. Klaus held his arms at his side.  "Why did you bite Tyler?" Klaus asked in horror.  "I just wanted it to stop for a minute," Henrik cried, fighting to get his arms loose.  "Stop struggling and stand still," Klaus growled. "Tyler, honey, go get that little stool in the corner of your bedroom. It's wood and I think there is a clothes basket on it, please," Klaus asked, holding Henrik's arms. "Sorry, but it hurts," Henrik whined.  "You're going to sit on that sore bottom in the corner until you calm down. Actually, I have something that may help," Klaus said.  He fished some salve out of the drawer.  "Henrik, I'm going to put this on your backside, it will help make sure that you don't bruise. You getting a longer spanking than I had originally planned on and maybe an afternoon nap," Klaus added.  "No, I don't want to take a nap. I'm not a baby," Henrik wailed.  "Sweetheart, you are not behaving right now. Now, do not touch your backside or this stuff will get on your hands and I'll know," Klaus said smoothing on the salve. It did feel cool at first and then began to burn a little.  "Ouch, Niklaus, it stings. Please, stop," Henrik begged.  "Freya made it. It will help," Klaus promised.  "Sorry, Dad. I couldn't find it, but Uncle Elijah found this on," Tyler said bringing in an even higher stool.  "Oh my, that's going to smart even more because all of his backside will be on it," Klaus cringed. "Thank you, Tyler. Why don't you head out? Did your cut heal? Good."  "Henrik, you better behave and take your spanking like a big boy. I'll play with you later if you are allowed," Tyler hugged the smaller boy with a slightly pink rear.  "Sorry, I bit you, Tyler," Henrik choked out.  "It's already healed. Good luck, Dad," Tyler said leaving quickly. Not only did Tyler now have werewolf healing, Klaus had given him his blood last night to aid his transformation.  "Okay, you are going into the corner on the stool for five minutes. I want your hands on your head. You touch your behind and you are going back over my lap for a spanking and then we start at five minutes again," Klaus said seating Henrik on the stool and told him to stare at the corner. Henrik yelled out and tried to shove away. Klaus smacked him on the thighs.  "Sit still. Hands on head. Starting the timer," Klaus said looking at his watch.  Henrik cried and tried to kick the wall in frustration, but it put too much pressure on his behind so he stopped.  "Please, Klaus, it hurts. I'm sorry," Henrik sobbed.  "No talking in the corner, Henrik," Klaus said in a quiet, calm voice. He probably should have made the rules for the corner clearer. "Sorry, I didn't...," Henrik broke into sobs again.  "That's okay. You know now. Almost done," Klaus replied.  After three minutes, Klaus went and help him off the stool. He knew the punishment wasn't over, but he hugged Henrik to him and carried him back to the bed.  "I'm going to finish your spanking and then you are taking a little nap," Klaus said, putting Henrik back into position and picking up the paddle. His backside was shiny with the salve, but looked almost unblemished. Klaus wasn't sure why he was reacting so strongly to the swats, he was going very easy on him. Klaus had spanked him once before for biting Freya.  "Brother, do you ever recall if you ever had your bottom smacked before this time? I mean, in the village?" Klaus asked lining up the paddle on his bottom, but waiting for him to answer.  "No, Niklaus, I was never that naughty...Never!" Henrik cried.  They had all babied him and protected him from trouble. Niklaus had told him not to follow him the night Henrik got attacked by the wolves, but the child just did as he wanted. Not that it was the boy's fault, but maybe if they would have disciplined him, he would have listened. None of them ever had the heart to punish him. Their mother had been too busy at that point with her magic and Father was often away on voyages with other vikings. They had left Henrik with his siblings, who were used to protecting Niklaus from Mikael.  "Oh brother, just because you never got a real spanking, doesn't mean you didn't deserve it. No matter, I shall make up for it this time and you shall learn how to obey," Klaus said popping his bottom again after picking up the hand shaped instrument. Smack! Henrik shouted and thrashed although it was another measured swat.  "You will do the right think or sit on a sore bottom every day from now on," Klaus said smacking him harder with the light weight paddle. It was only plywood and probably made a louder popping sound then it delivered a good sting.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Klaus started to spank harder until Henrik's behind was finally a uniform pink and he was kicking and throwing his palms back to block the spanks. Klaus just kept going until the boy lay calm and sniffling and stopped fighting him. He swatted lower on Henrik's thighs until Henrik uncovered his behind of his own volition. Klaus was still paddling lightly, but more quickly to make sure the boy was learning the errors of his ways.  Klaus put the paddle on the dresser and took a deep breath. It was probably only 30 to 40 minutes since he had started with Henrik, but he felt like it was a lifetime. Klaus realized that his guilt over Henrik's last night on earth a thousand years ago was affecting their relationship now, he had let that go and felt like a new chapter in their lives could begin.   "All done," Klaus said picking him up and standing him in front of him again. Henrik was spent. His did start to rub his behind, but it was stinging and throbbing. "Sorry, Niklaus," Henrik sniffed.  "I know, baby. You're forgiven for everything. We all love you so much. I'm sorry that we have been tiptoeing around you. You know we have been all treating you like you were glass that would break if we put our foot down with you. No more just sitting there following around Finn," Klaus smiled putting his pants back on him.  "Awww, that stings...,But no more following Finn," Henrik smiled, rubbing his butt now more carefully. "You can do different things than Finn and be your own person. You can be yourself," Klaus assured him.  "I will. I don't like getting paddled though," Henrik whined.  "I know, sweetheart. You are not supposed to, but just like the other boys I don't see why you and Finn can't start getting grounded, losing your tv time, video games, toys...early bedtime, extra hugs, two baths a day," Klaus joked.  "No! Not tv, that's mean," Henrik argued.  "Then, behave and you won't be punished. I know you don't like the corner. I'll tell you a secret, your Uncle Kol didn't either," Klaus confided. "It's the worst besides taking a nap," Henrik reasoned.  "How about I take a nap with you? We can talk until you fall asleep," Klaus said settling them into the bed under the covers.  "Is Freya mad at me?" Henrik asked suddenly.  "No, sweetheart, she was just scared that you hurt Kol and Finn. You know witches who hurt other witches would get in a lot of trouble with their covens long ago," Klaus said cuddling with Henrik. "Like spanked?" Henrik asked in horror. "No, Henrik, I'm sorry but there are much worse things than that. Say, how did you know how to do that spell on Kol? It's quite powerful," Klaus asked.  "I guess I dreamt it. I didn't think it would work. There was this tall dark man in a funny hat...he kept hissing, but in the dream, he said I should try the spell," Henrik blurted.  Klaus froze.  "Henrik, what did he have around his neck?" Klaus whispered.  "It's funny, Niklaus, because he had a snake. Just like a scarf, right around his neck," Henrik giggled. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Fathers shall not be put to death because of their children, nor shall children be put to death because of their fathers. Each one shall be put to death for his own sin." -Deuteronomy 24:16Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010Mikaelson House"If Henrik is dreaming of this dead witch, he could be a seer. I mean, it's very rare, but it's possible. When did you say you killed this Papa Tunde character?" Freya asked."It must have been...before the Great War, yes, in 1913, before Marcellus left. Yes, I compelled a dock worker to dump the bodies, but I was distracted. Dammit, I should have seen to it myself...Marcel came upon a rather unpleasant scene," Klaus recalled uncomfortably. "Niklaus, how unpleasant? Brother, you can tell me, I will not judge you," Freya assured him.  "Papa Tunde's sacrificial magic was filtered through his twin sons, in order to negate his power, we, no, I-," Klaus paused. "We killed them," Elijah finished coming into the study, "It was unpleasant, but we couldn't let them start a war with those awful werewolf thugs who we were running the docks with. Marcellus, did not take it well.""So Papa Tunde's power lay in his sons, you killed the sons and then were able to kill him?" Freya clarified.  "Yes, he was powerful and the French Quarter witches put him in as their leader to remove us from our role in the city. But how could he come back?" Elijah wondered pouring bourbon into his glass.  "Brothers, after the Reaping, four witches were to rise. We know that Davina should have been one of those witches, but what if other witches rose instead? Like this Papa Tunde? The ancestors have done worse, I would not put it past them to let something like this happen," Freya speculated.  "And maybe if we kill Papa Tunde- again, then Davina would have her rightful turn? We need to head down to New Orleans. Marcel and Rebekah may need our help," Klaus responded.--------------*****CompoundThierry was playing his trumpet in the courtyard, but Marcel couldn't relax. He had just talked to Klaus on the phone. There was now no doubt Papa Tunde was back for his vengeance for his dead sons. Marcel always had wondered if he could have stoped those boys from dying at his own Papa's hand. He hadn't known, he told himself, but was that true? He knew Klaus, how he thought, how he would stop at nothing to protect them...Maybe Marcel would have come to the same conclusion? Somehow he doubted it, a part of him would rather die himself than harm an innocent child, even witch children.  "Hey boss, I don't want to be a snitch but Thierry is still knocking around with that Katie, that little French quarter witch. The man is in love like I've never seen, but maybe she could give us an in to what the coven is up to," Diego offered.  "Oh yeah, doesn't she work at that Jardin Gris voodoo shop in the cauldron? Let me see talk to him and see if she will play ball. It's a gamble, but with this Papa Tunde back, who knows what they are up to," Marcel said quietly. "Hey Diego, Marcel, I think my brothers may be coming down to help us get to the bottom of this," Rebekah mentioned.  "Really? Are they coming to help or because they don't think I can get the job done?  You know how they can make some of the folks around here a little jumpy, that many Originals in town again. I don't know, Rebekah," Marcel said nervously.  "Marcel, the main thing is for us to get Davina back. If my brothers have to crack some skulls and put the scare in some witches to make that happen, then I'm all for it. Plus, you know we can't stop them," Rebekah smiled, leaning over to kiss him.  "Yes, dear. You are right. I'm going to go see if Thierry's witch girl can help us," Marcel said excusing himself.  "Diego, are the vampires nervous about all of this?" Rebekah asked, watching Marcel take Thierry aside and talk to him.  "Well, they found some fresh bodies this morning, so yeah. I'd say the night walkers are panicking.  Don't worry though, us night walkers will keep them in line," Diego promised with confidence.  "Good. The last thing we need is a full-blown panic," Rebekah said as Marcel patted Thierry on the shoulder.-------------****"Boys, I'd like to talk to you," Klaus said at dinner that night.   "Yeah, Dad, what's up?" Matt said taking a hesitant bite of his salmon. It was okay. He didn't really dislike it, but it just wasn't something he was used to.  "I'm going to be going to New Orleans tomorrow with Freya and Kol. I don't think we shall be gone long. I hope not anyway. With any luck, we shall return with Marcel, Rebekah and Davina," Klaus announced, smiling at Kol.  "Thank you, Brother," Kol said raising his glass.   "Of course. Your Uncle Elijah and Vanessa will be here with you," Klaus said, leaning to help Finn butter his roll.  "Can I go?" Henrik asked shyly. "And me?" Finn interrupted  "No, sweetheart, it may be a bit too dangerous right now. That witch you dreamt about is on the loose and not a very nice man. I want you to stay here where it is safe," Klaus replied.  "But I can help. Maybe with my magic? Right, Freya?" Henrik said eagerly.  "Oh brother, one day you shall help a great deal, but you are needed here to do your school work and magic studies. Plus, we're all planning to go for Thanksgiving maybe," Freya started. However, if Davina came back, then Klaus was hoping that everyone would return to Mystic Falls as before. There would be little reason for them all to go to New Orleans for Thanksgiving, but she didn't want to needlessly disappoint him. "Henrik, we shall have our own fun here. We can do something fun on the weekend, as long as you all behave yourselves," Elijah assured him.  "That's never gonna happen," Jeremy laughed.  "It better, young man!" Klaus warned in a mock stern voice.  "We'll be good, Dad. Well, we'll try," Tyler promised.  "On that note, Elijah and I have decided to lift all of your groundings. I feel like it wouldn't be fair to Elijah to have to keep track of all of your restrictions. Jeremy, Matt, you can drive again and all that. Don't expect this to happen again, but all of you have been trying your best these last few weeks despite some stressful circumstances," Klaus opined.  "Thanks, Dad. We won't let you down again," Matt said.  "Matthew, you have never let me down," Klaus smiled at him and the other boys, "But that being said I expect you all to help around here a little more and not argue when you are asked to do something. Elijah, what did I leave out?"  "I would ask that we all watch our language a bit closer. I heard Finn say a few phrases that I don't believe he heard from television. Like Niklaus said none of you are grounded, but I need to know where you are and when you will be home. We trust you to make good decisions and if you do not...," Elijah drifted off.  "Then, even God himself cannot help you, lads," Kol finished.  "Indeed," Elijah confirmed. -----------*****French Quarter, New Orleans, LA 2010 Katie did agree to try to find out more about Papa Tunde and the Reaping, being a young witch of low status, she was not privy to all of the secrets. However, many witches came through her store and she heard things.  Marcel was happy to host Klaus and show him all the improvements he had made in his tenure as King. Rebekah was happy to reunite with Kol and Freya, although Kol was eager to look for Davina.  Patience was not one of his virtues, but they didn't want to tip off the coven that they were on to their tricks.  After three days or so of waiting, everyone was getting restless.Rebekah was following at lead down at the docks. Marcel had asked Thierry to follow her, just in case. Marcel, Freya, and Kol were arguing about their next move. Klaus was on the phone with the family back at Mystic Falls.  "Marcel, just let me go to Lafayette Cemetery and look around. I used to have a little tomb there where Mary Alice Claire and I used to make dark objects. With some of Davina's blood, I can get in," Kol shared.  "You have Davina's blood? Kol, are you serious?" Marcel said wondering what the hell was going on. "And she had mine in these necklaces we got at the mall. It's a witch thing. Freya, explain it to him," Kol pled to his eldest sister.  "Boy, you lost me. But I think it may be worth it to take a look around. I can't imagine they would have her body anywhere other than Lafayette. They have it well-guarded. I would have to cloak us before we even attempt it," Freya cautioned.  "Okay, fine. I just thought we should find and kill this Papa Tunde asshole, so 'when' Davina rises, we can find her and get her out of there quickly," Marcel said.  "You don't have to find me, Original son. I am here," Papa Tunde called from the entrance to the Compound.  Kol and Freya looked at each other. Marcel made a motion for them to leave and find Rebekah. Klaus was upstairs and making his way down.  "Did I not kill you about a century ago? I see your taste in hats hasn't improved, nor have you gotten any smarter," Klaus said referring to Papa's fedora hat, this time all white.  "I'm not here to talk about my wardrobe or my intelligence. I'm here to avenge my sons. The sons you beheaded. Now I will do the same to your son and then your other sons will be next," Papa Tunde threatened. "Well, I doubt that, but you can try!" Klaus smirked. "I have the Original sister and I channel her now! Unlike my sons, her power will never run dry. Say goodbye to your son, because once I kill him, I will channel you and then kill the rest of your murderous family," Papa Tunde promised.------------****Mystic Falls"How was your brother?" Vanessa asked, mixing the oil and vinegar in the glass bottle for the salad dressing.  "He sounded tense and had to get off suddenly. It sounds like they aren't making much progress," Elijah confessed.  "Oh no, that's a shame. I know the boys miss them. Henrik keeps asking when they will be home. He's opened up so much since I got here. That's good to see," Vanessa smiled, shaking the bottle.  "Yes, with his new openness has come a bit more naughtiness, though. I swear the child just does not listen.  I'm getting a little tired of repeating myself and having him blatantly disobey me.  Do you think there is something going on with him?" Elijah asked putting the raw chicken in a roasting pan with carrots and potatoes around it.  "Like ADHD? Honestly, no. I think he's just stubborn. Henrik has an amazing capacity for concentration during our afternoon lessons. Really, Finn, too. They are very gifted students," Vanessa emphasized. "Here, dear, I'll finish the salad. I'm sorry you got caught up with playing house with me. I know you didn't sign up for all this, but I'm not sure I could do it without you," Elijah said kissing her on the lips.  "Elijah, stop. I love it. You, me, five boys, a giant house...and no privacy," Vanessa laughed as she heard Matt and Tyler arguing on their way into the kitchen.  "No, man, that's bulls-, oh, hi Uncle Elijah, Miss Monroe," Matt said. "What are you guys up to? It's almost time for dinner," Elijah said putting the chicken in the oven and turning the dial.  "Ah, we were going to head over to pick up Jeremy from the Gilbert house. Is that okay?" Tyler asked.  "Sure, if you are home in say, 45 minutes? I though Elena was going to drop Jeremy off and come by for dinner," Elijah said wiping his hands off in his apron.  "She's having a girls' night now and Caroline wanted to see me," Tyler explained. "Fine. 45 minutes. Don't be late like last time, but do not speed either. Gentlemen, I mean it," Elijah reminded them.------------****Claire TombKol opened the Claire tomb with a drop of Davina's blood and an incantation, he knew immediately that someone had been here.  There was no dust to disturb and they saw Davina's lifeless body wrapped in a shroud. There were three other shrouds, too. If Kol had to guess he would think that the witches Abigail, Cassie, and Monique were also there awaiting their turns to return to the world of the living.  Freya gasped, "There's Rebekah!" The sigil was carved into her head. "He must be siphoning her power," Kol announced. Freya started to try to break the spell before Papa Tunde used Rebekah's power to overwhelm Klaus and kill Marcel. -----------****Compound"I will hurt you, Klaus Mikaelson, as you have hurt me. When I'm done, you will wish you could die," Papa Tunda growled leaping towards Klaus using Rebekah's Original vampire strength. Klaus' eyes glowed yellow and he tapped into his hybrid strength. Marcel became infuriated and also lunged at Papa Tunda. "How dare you try to use Rebekah? She never hurt you! She was innocent in all of this," Marcel screamed, as he tried to toss Papa Tunde to the ground. Papa Tunda flew across the compound and then got up easily. He took a metal spike from the railing and pinned Klaus to the wall. "I want you to watch as I slowly kill your son and siphon his power with my blade. This blade is filled with all the power of the thousands I have killed, their suffering will make you suffer for what you have done. I wish I could stay to enjoy it," Papa Tunde laughed, as he crushed Marcel to the wall."Leave him alone, it's me you want," Klaus yelled. Papa Tunda went to stake Marcel as Klaus pulled out the metal spike. As Papa Tunda went to attack him again, he crumpled. "Now, Klaus!," Marcel yelled. Klaus went to decapitate Papa Tunde again, but Papa Tunde, realizing that Rebekah's power was gone, cut his own throat with the blade. ---------------*****Claire TombFreya finished the spell and Rebekah was waking up.Cassie awoke."Where am I?" she coughed. Freya helped her sit up."It's okay. You are awake now," Freya reassured her. Kol was heartbroken. This meant that there were still three other powerful witches out there that they would have to kill before Davina could take her place. And they had no idea who they were.---------------*****CompoundMarcel grabbed Papa Tunde's evil blade."Son, are you okay? Take my blood. Here," Klaus said feeding Marcel his blood after the ordeal."Thanks, but I'm fine, Papa. Please, I need to see if Rebekah is alright," Marcel gasped. "No, take a moment. Get your strength back and then I'll go. Keep that blade safe, it is truly evil. I'm going to burn this body and scatter the ashes before any witches come for Papa Tunde. We can't let him come back again. That was close, too close," Klaus said vamping out with the body.Marcel took a deep breath. He needed to make sure that Rebekah was okay.  Why Tunde had taken Rebekah to the Claire tomb disturbed him. Were the witches playing with them? Taunting them for revenge. Saying here she is, but there is nothing you can do?  There was one thing they could do that none of them wanted to do, go to the Strix. It would be like dealing with the devil and there was always a price to pay, he hoped the price wouldn't be becoming the devil himself.-----------****A few hours later, Elijah was disappointed to hear that Davina was not brought back and the witch situation was more complicated than they thought. However, he was happy that the Papa Tunde threat was eliminated. Klaus brought up the Strix idea. It was a gamble. Mikael was still out there somewhere and Elijah would never trust Tristan and his minions. Yet, Marcel and his guys could not be expected to destroy the whole French Quarter coven.  The boys never returned from the Gilbert residence for dinner, nor answered his calls. He was starting to get worried and about to go look for them when they staggered in the house as Elijah was cleaning up dinner.  Vanessa was putting Finn and Henrik to bed.  "Where in the world were you?" Elijah asked exasperated. Tyler looked guilty, "Uncle Elijah, I'm so sorry. It was my fault. I got into a fight with Caroline. Jer and Matt were waiting on me." "Is this true?" Elijah asked Matt and Jeremy. "Oh yeah, and it was a heck of a fight. We kept thinking it would be over, but then big mouth here would say something stupid and...," Matt groused as Tyler glared at him. Elijah could tell that all three boys were agitated. "Did you eat?" Elijah said evenly.  "I'm not hungry. I'm going to bed," Tyler growled.  "Tyler, get back here, please. That is not what I asked you. I asked if you had eaten," Elijah repeated. Tyler colored and shook his head, "No, sir. We didn't." "Come sit down at the island. I'll make you a plate," Elijah said. He wouldn't let them go hungry. Jeremy sat down first, "Thanks, Uncle Elijah, for not being mad." "Well, I got some news that your father and everyone might be in New Orleans a bit longer. We don't know how long. What I am a little angry about though, boys, is that none of you were answering your mobile phones. Care to explain," Elijah said taking the chicken out of the microwave. "Mine is dead. I got bored there and was playing on it," Matt admitted.  "I'm sorry. Caroline was screaming at me and I...I smashed mine on the ground and broke it," Tyler confessed. "Tyler! Really? This is the second one this month," Elijah scolded.  "I know," Tyler said, knowing he had no defense. "I was uh, with Bonnie. Do you really want to know the details? I mean, we weren't, you know, but," Jeremy stuttered.  "No, son. I don't need to know the details. But I'm warning you, next time...," Elijah said handing them plates of reheated food. "We know, we know, you don't have to say it," Tyler smiled, he was glad they weren't getting grounded, but he didn't want to get threatened with a spanking like a toddler either. "Okay, I don't think I need to say it, but load those plates in the dishwasher when you are finished. I'm going to go up and help Vanessa put the younger boys to bed. I'll be in to say goodnight," Elijah said. "Thank you, Uncle Elijah," Matt said digging into the food. Now chicken was something he liked a lot better than salmon. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "I spoke to Tristan and he's agreed to personally look into what is going on with the Davina situation. There is a very high level witch, Bastiana Natale, that may be involved. I don't like it, Niklaus. It seems like very dark magic mixed with science," Elijah informed him.  "I know, brother. Thank you for reaching out to that little weasel. For all we know the Strix are behind this whole plot just to get us to owe them something. Poor Kol is refusing to leave the Claire tomb where Davina's body resides. Marcel is quite shaken that Rebekah was taken by Papa Tunde. He's snapping at me and acting like I am stepping on his toes. I am ready to come home," Klaus confessed.  "Then come home. The boys miss you. The older ones missed dinner last night. They were at the Gilbert residence doing God knows what and not answering their phones. I should have thrashed them, but they looked so miserable, I just fed them and gave them a warning. Oh, and Tyler broke his phone again," Elijah shared.  "Again, Elijah, you know what I would do if I was there! I warned him. Bloody hell.  And they have been all been warned about..., I'm sorry. I have no right to chide you. I know that you will do what is right. How are Henrik and Finn?" Klaus inquired.  "Vanessa said they are learning faster than anyone she's ever seen. They have been acting up a bit with the tutor and Vanessa in the afternoon. No, brother, I haven't taken them to task either. They miss all of you. They are restless in the house. Vanessa and I are going to tour that private school next week. She thinks it's time," Elijah explained.  "I miss them, Elijah. All of you. It's good to be here in New Orleans, but sometimes I see the ghosts of the past here, brother. We were truly happy here once, were we not? We kept the peace the best we could...," Klaus drifted off. Elijah wondered if he was crying.  "Brother, we were happy there before Father came and we thought Marcel was dead. But it was not perfect. We struggled with Kol feeling left out and Marcellus wanting to lead, but not being ready. Rebekah wanted to run off with Marcel, who didn't, until he left for the war. Those damn wolves, especially after prohibition, they were nothing but trouble. Don't sugarcoat it, Niklaus, let the past be the past," Elijah cautioned.  "Thank you for your good counsel, Elijah. You are correct, as always. I best go. Tell the boys I love them and I'll talk to them later. And Elijah, don't be afraid to give them all a hiding if they need it, I know you are giving them many chances," Klaus said.  "You're right, too. Give them an inch...Give my love to our siblings and Marcel," Elijah said hanging up.  Elijah didn't like to hear the sadness in Klaus' voice. He sounded melancholy. Frankly, the two of them had rarely been separated in 1000 years. There were times Elijah would take off for a year or so to try to distract Mikael in Europe, but he always tried to hurry back to his family. He supposed he also didn't do well alone.  Things were going well with Vanessa, but it never occurred to him to leave this house.  ____________*****New Orleans, LACompound"You abandoned my sister to be taken by Papa Tunde?" Marcel yelled at Thierry.  "Boss, I'm sorry. I panicked. It happened so fast. One minute, she was fine, the next boom! She was done, I was afraid," Thierry said lamely.  "Thierry, you are one of my top guys. I turned you in what, the 1940s? And this is how you repay me? If it was anyone else I would sentence you to the garden!" Marcel shouted. Marcel didn't realize that Rebekah was coming down the stairs to the courtyard. "What's the garden?" Rebekah asked innocently. "Oh, you don't know? Marcel, why don't you take her? After all, you built it for her," Thierry ground out in his anger. "Watch it, man! I love you, but you gotta pay for this. For leaving Rebekah, you better have your witch Katie give the name and location of at least one witch who took the place of a Harvest girl. I'll give you a day. Now, get out of my sight," Marcel scoffed. "No, Marcel! They will execute her," Thierry begged. "Then, you will know what it is like to fear for your girl," Marcel said walking away. "Marcel, I want to see your garden. Now," Rebekah repeated. An hour later, Rebekah stood in what would have been the foundation of their dream home. Marcel had started building it over a century ago as a surprise for the woman he had loved since the first time he saw her. Yet fate destroyed those plans and the mansion never got built. "I started to wall up rogue vampires here when other methods failed. I found a few years desiccating managing to affect a pretty good attitude adjustment," Marcel bragged showing her the shrunken vampires who had disobeyed him in the past. "Oh Marcel, it's gruesome. Isn't it less cruel, just to kill them?" Rebekah asked looking at a female vampire from the 1930s who had slaughters five others in a fight over money. He sentenced her to 100 years in the garden. "I don't know, Rebekah. I don't have all the answers. But I do know that if Thierry knows what's good for him, he'll push his little witch to find one of those witches who stole a Harvest girl slot. That could help us get to Davina faster," Marcel insisted. "Okay, that makes sense. It makes me sad though, Marcel. We lost so much time. This could have been our home. But instead, we were apart," Rebekah cried. "Hey, hey, we're together now. Ain't nobody gonna tear us apart. You hear me, Rebekah Mikaelson? Nobody," Marcel pledged. "I know," she said as he kissed her amidst the bodies of the condemned. Diego vamped down."Thierry said I'd find you here. The witches caught Katie snooping around. They are going to execute her as a traitor at dusk. He's going crazy man," Diego informed him.Marcel pulled away from Rebekah. "I'll take care of this. Thanks, Diego," Marcel said, "I guess it's time to go see the witches."---------------****New Orleans, LA Compound"Marcel, I can't let you go. It's too dangerous. They could hex you," Klaus said to Marcel."Yes, my love, let one of us go. Please," Rebekah pleaded. "No, I started this mess and I'm getting us out of it. Klaus, I'm an adult, you can't stop me-," Marcel started. Kol came up behind Marcel and snapped his neck. "Brother! I thought you were holding vigil in the tomb! How could you?" Rebekah yelled rushing to Marcel. "Relax, Sister, I just saved him," Kol said, indicating Marcel. "Kol, what's going on?" Klaus asked in alarm. "Something is happening in the tomb, the spell preserving the harvest girls is wearing off. If they are to arise, it has to be soon. Freya thinks she has worked out a spell to locate the other three," Kol said with confidence."The witches caught Thierry's girlfriend spying for us. They are going to execute her at dusk. I'm sure all the top coven members will be there. If we can go there and wipe them out and save Katie, Davina could rise tonight," Klaus added.  "If she doesn't, it may be too late," Freya said coming in with Tristan de Martel. "The spell is wearing off fast." "Oh joy, it is the Count Tristan de Martel. Just when I thought this tedious day could not grow worse," Klaus said bluntly.  "You are welcome for my help, Mikaelsons. The witch Bastiana is a formidable opponent. The Strix, I will admit, began to work with her. However, she has proved too...unpredictable, even for us to control," Tristan admitted.  "So, Elijah's little protege' admits that he is in over his head with this mean old hag and now needs us to help take her out. You know we want one thing, de Martel, for the witch Davina Claire to rise. If we can free the little witch Katie, that is a boon, but not necessary. Can I assume that if we help you slay this Bastiana for the Harvest girl, we'll be even for a time?" Klaus asked causally.  "Yes, Niklaus, we shall be even. I mean I will have to put aside the century that my sister and I spent thinking we were Elijah and Rebekah and fleeing your insane father, but other than that even," Tristan smirked.  "Say, have you had word of said evil father, he's quite fallen off the radar," Klaus wondered. "Nay, truly, Niklaus, he slipped off the radar. I'm sure like a bad penny, he will turn up soon," Tristan retorted.  "So what's the plan?" Kol asked. ---------------****Mystic Falls, VA"Henrik, you were to be in bed hours ago. What's wrong?" Elijah said getting up. Since Vanessa was with him, he had taken to locking the door. He put on a robe and went to the door.  "I had another dream, Elijah. Tell them it's a trap. The red haired witch wants to kill them all as a sacrifice, even the bad man, Tris-," Henrik stuttered. "Tristan? Are you sure, Henrik? I'll call Niklaus right now," Elijah said leaning down to his eye level.  "I'm sure. Tell Niklaus he must kill Genevieve first, then Bastiana, and then Monique. Tell him now, Elijah! Hurry!" Henry yelled.  Elijah called and relayed the message. "Genevieve? She's been dead for...oh, I understand, but Monique was one of the Harvest girls," Klaus said. Elijah put it on speaker. Henrik said, "Niklaus, Monique will bring death to many in the coven, if you kill Genevieve first, then Bastiana, and then Monique, Davina will rise. Do not hesitate, brother," Henrik insisted. "Thank you, brother. It is time. I trust you," Klaus said. ---------------*****Mystic Falls, VAFinn kicked the leg of the table again. He was irritated. Henrik's vision had woken him up. They still had their morning lessons and he had been tired. Now, Vanessa was expecting them to do more work. It wasn't fair.  "Okay, Finn, it's your turn. Read where he left off, please," Vanessa said pointing at the place in the book.  "Vanessa, can we go watch tv? I'm tired," Finn whined.  "Honey, you boys just had a break. You know if you would have been better behaved this morning, all of this work would have been finished already," Vanessa reminded the boy.  Finn colored as that was true. Henrik and Finn had been giving the tutor a hard time, giggling and pretending that they didn't know the answers. The man had been a little irritated and spoke to Vanessa, as Elijah was in the office on an overseas call. She warned them that anything they hadn't completed, they would do in the afternoon.  "Okay," Finn answered, kicking the table leg harder. Vanessa was actively ignoring his attempts to distract, but then Henrik started kicking the table legs. "Come on, read it, please," Vanessa prompted.Elijah heard the kicking and came in, "Gentleman, are we having a problem?" "No, Elijah, sorry, I'll read now," Finn blurted and started the reading.Vanessa waved off Elijah as she felt like the boys would rather get smacked than complete this assignment left by their tutor."Can we go play now?" Henrik asked after they finally finished. "No, I think you both need to go rest in your room for a while. No tv or games or arguing. Go, please," Vanessa ordered. "But you said we could go watch tv when we were done! That's not fair," Finn argued. "Honey, I did not say that and you very well know it. Now, please go and get in your beds and close your eyes. I'll wake you up before dinner," Vanessa stood and pointed to the staircase. Finn glared back at her and finally huffed and puffed and started to go. He stopped and kicked the table and then continued. Henrik followed him with less ire, but not happy. When they finally went up, she felt Elijah's arms around her. "Thank you for not undermining me. I know that could have gone better," Vanessa admitted. "No, I realized that they were probably trying to avoid the work, so thank you for keeping them focused on that. You, my dear, are kind of a genius...Now that the older boys are at school and the younger are napping...," Elijah said picking her up to carry her up to 'their' room."If you are kidnapping me, I guess I have no choice," Vanessa laughed. As Elijah walked her past the boys room, their vampire hearing picked up on the television on. "Are you kidding me?" Vanessa said."I could just take the tv out..." Elijah suggested. "Ugh, I hate to say it, but they need a trip over your knee. I just told them twice no tv," Vanessa confirmed. "I know. You are right. I probably should have smacked Finn for kicking the table. You go on. I'll make it fairly quick and they do nap more soundly with warm backsides," Elijah whispered. "I'll be ready for you," Vanessa teased starting to unbutton her pants and slip them down."You better be!" Elijah joked. He opened the door and both boys were sitting in front of the tv giggling. Some cartoon was on and the volume was low, but not low enough to evade vampire hearing. Elijah turned off the tv.Finn jumped up, "It was his idea! I said we should just go to sleep."
Henrik hit him hard on the arm,"You're a liar. I never said that."
Elijah pulled off Henrik, "You don't hit your brother."
"But he...," Henrik started before being cut off. 
"And you don't lie about your brother, even to get out of a spanking," Elijah scolded. Finn's face fell when Elijah confirmed he was getting it. He covered his bottom with both hands."I'm sorry, Elijah, please no!" Finn begged. Elijah promised Vanessa he'd make this quick. Elijah pulled Finn to him and standing him to the side started peppering his behind with smacks. He held him by the arm as the boy tried to dance out of the way and cover his backside.  "Finn, stop it. Give me your hands and stand still," Elijah ordered firmly. Finn just started wailing and begging not to be spanked. Henrik was watching this scene with wide eyes knowing that he was next. "If you don't cooperate, I'm going to paddle you before bed tonight. Now give me your hands," Elijah repeated. Finn would not listen and continued to fight him. Elijah picked him up and marched him to the bed. Holding him with one hand, he pulled back the covers and put Finn in on his stomach. He peeled down his pants and underwear and smacked his bare seat eight times swiftly. His hand left faint handprints on the white backside. Elijah ended up just pulling up Finn's pants when it was done. Finn wailed and cried and tried to move away."Do not get up," Elijah ordered. Henrik looked scared and was already crying. Elijah took a breath and walked over to where their youngest brother was. "Henrik, you don't hit your brother and you should not have been watching tv either. Come on, behave and I won't have to spank you also before bed tonight," Elijah promised. Henrik whined a little, but let Elijah take his hands and lean him forward. Elijah smacked his backside ten times on the same spot in the center of both cheeks. Henrik did stomp and struggle to move a little, but managed to take it much better than Finn. Elijah hugged him and carried him into his bed when it was over. He tucked him in. Finn was crying into his pillow when Elijah went back over and sat on the side of the bed. He patted his back. "We'll talk about this later. Right now I want you to take a nap. You know, I love you, right?" Elijah asked pulling the covers over him. Finn turned his head away. "I want both of you to stay in your beds unless you have to use the bathroom, okay. I love you very much. I want you to sleep and I'll come get you in a little while," Elijah said. He felt guilty as he worried if he had been impatient with Finn because he wanted to go to Vanessa. He took a deep breath and let the stress drain out of him. They had about two hours before the older boys came home from school.---------Later that nightNew Orleans, LAIt was done. Davina was out of the darkness and back into the light. Kol was holding her. "Darling, it's okay. Shh, I'm here," Kol whispered.Marcel was livid. His father had slaughtered Monique, another child based on the word of another child. "Marcel, I had to trust my brother," Klaus had said covered in the blood of the witches."Sure you did, Klaus," Marcel scoffed. He was happy about Davina, of course.  "Please, Marcellus, just be happy about Davina. Do not hold this against me," Klaus begged. Marcel just nodded and turned away. He tried not to be angry. He had one major rule: kids were off limits. Katie had also died in the struggle. Thierry was inconsolable. They had tried and failed to save her. Marcel guessed that had been his fault, but Thierry abandoned Rebekah, so maybe they were even. Rebekah got Davina some clothes and helped her dress in private. Kol smiled and clapped Marcel on the back."Marcel, be happy. She is returned. We can go home and be together again," Kol spouted. Marcel turned away, "I am home. I'm not going anywhere." 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Jeremy, can you go tell Finn that it is time for dinner please?" Elijah asked opening the pizza boxes on the counter.  "Henrik, here's a plain piece," Elijah said giving him a piece of pizza to try. Elijah hadn't ordered pizza before. Matt had arranged it, all Elijah had done was paid. The boys were always wanting pizza and he just didn't feel like cooking tonight.  "Yeah, sure," Jeremy said going to the foot of the stairs and shouting "Finn! DINNER!"  "Jeremy, I meant go get him. I could have done that," Elijah said with a small smile.  "Yeah, tell him he better take advantage of us not having like totally healthy food tonight," Matt laughed.  "Yeah, man, before you lived here, Matt, you lived on pizza!" Tyler replied.  "Sorry, I didn't have a housekeeper or a mom who didn't have to work," Matt retorted.  "Whoa, man, calm down. I was just joking. What's gotten into today?" Tyler said a little quieter.  Matt shook his head, "I'm flunking English. We got that test back today and I bombed it. Miss Monroe offered to help me study and I blew her off. Man, I have like a low F. I also...," Tyler looked around, "What? Robbed a bank? What did Matt Donovan do that was so bad?" "I got caught cheating in Alaric's class.  It was on that civics quiz," Matt said softly.  "You dumb ass! What happened?" Tyler hissed hotly.  "I made a cheat sheet to study from and then I realized I couldn't remember shit. Alaric caught me red handed, it was right at the end of class today. He said he was going to call if I didn't tell Uncle Elijah what I did. Dude, you know I'm getting it on my bare ass tonight! What should I do?" Matt pleaded.  "Confess, cry, I don't know, fucking study for once. Matt, buddy, you know I love you but you kinda brought this on yourself. How many times how I said come to me for help?" Tyler scolded him.  "I know. I'm just going to see if I can ask to talk to Uncle Elijah in his study," Matt said blushing.  "And Alaric whupped my butt with some historic yardstick that one time at school. My dad gave him permission, but the man did not hold back. It hurt and I've been watching myself around him ever since. If Uncle Elijah gives him permission, boy, you going be siting on freaking pillows this weekend," Tyler warned. "Great," Matt groaned. ------------"Uncle Elijah, Finn said he's not hungry and he's not coming down," Jeremy reported.  "It's okay, Jeremy. I'll go up. Pizza is on the counter. Can you help with the drinks? Nothing with caffeine. Vanessa is on a phone call downstairs. Thanks," Elijah said before jogging upstairs.  "Finn, what's wrong? It's time for dinner," Elijah said to Finn. Finn was on his side with his back to Elijah. He looked so small.  "Not hungry," Finn said.  Elijah sat down next to him, "Come on buddy, are you still upset because of earlier? Do you know why I smacked you?"  Elijah rubbed his back a little and Finn pulled away.Finn nodded, "Yes! But we were just going to watch tv for a couple of minutes."  "Young man, that is still disobeying. You were acting up with the tutoring all morning, then misbehaving in the afternoon. Then, during your rest time, you were not resting," Elijah explained softly.  "I know," Finn replied.  "I don't like spanking you like that today, but you were not listening at all," Elijah said rubbing Finn's back again. This time he didn't pull away. "It's not fair," Finn whispered sadly.  "Tell me what has you upset. Is it because I threatened you with the paddle before you go to bed?" Elijah asked.  "I don't want to get the paddle. Henrik said it's worse," Finn cried in panic.  "I know, but I can't have you fighting me like that. When you have earned yourself a trip over my knee, you need to learn that if you don't accept it, you will get another spanking. A harder one. Understand?" Elijah said firmly.Finn wouldn't answer him. He took a deep breath. He went and got the ping pong paddle from the top drawer of the dresser.  Finn turned and saw what he was getting and started to panic.  "This is what I'm talking about, Finn. I'm going to give you a few swats and then you come down and eat dinner. All will be forgiven right now and we will end this and forget it," Elijah said gently. Finn was already covering his backside.  "I want you to stand up and pull down your pants, if you can do that, you will get three swats. If you can't, you are going over my knee until you obey me. Now, what is it going to be?" Elijah said firmly.  Finn cried in dismay, "I'll stand!" Elijah was giving him no choice.  "Okay, come on, now. Don't make this worse," Elijah said brandishing the paddle.  Finn wiped at his eyes and stood in front of Elijah. With a groan and cry, he pulled down his sweatpants, careful to leave his underwear up. Elijah turned him a little to the side.  "Why are you getting paddled?" Elijah said lining up the paddle with his cloth covered backside.  "Because I wasn't listening when I got spanked before," Finn admitted. Vanessa was right, this boy was very clever.  "That's right. Hands to the front.  You ready?" Elijah said. "Yeah," Finn replied.  "You mean, 'yes,'" Elijah corrected. He smacked him hard on the center of the left check. Pop! "That's one," Elijah said as Finn gasped. Pop! The second whack was on his left cheek.  "Owww!" Finn exclaimed. Pop! The third caught him on both cheeks. Finn's hands went to his face where he sobbed. "Oh Finn, that's it," Elijah said pulling his pants back up. He didn't think that could have stung much over the protection of his briefs.  "Can I have a hug?" Elijah asked the boy. Finn nodded and let Elijah pull him into his arms.  "It's not fair," Finn sobbed into Elijah's shoulder.  "Finn, what isn't? That couldn't have hurt that much. Little brother, tell me," Elijah asked again. "The other boys have Niklaus for a dad, but Henrik and I don't have anybody," Finn wailed.  Elijah was stunned into silence for a moment. Finn really had been his other brother, but when he was reborn into this body, he seemed to have forgotten most of his own life bit by bit. It seemed like the old Finn was gone and this was just a boy now.  "Honey, what do you mean? You have me, Freya, Niklaus, Kol, and Rebekah. We love you so much," Elijah reassured him.  "It's not the same," Finn cried.  "Finn, look at me! Do you want a father of your own? Is that what you are saying? Because I used to think of you as my brother, but it doesn't really feel like that anymore, does it?  If you like, you could be my sons," Elijah promised. Freya was already like a mother to them, and Klaus at times a father, but if Elijah could see it in his heart...he could be more to them.  "Yes, that's what we want. We want our own dad, like the older boys have. Can we call you Dad, and you can call us your sons," Finn insisted. Elijah wondered how long they had been feeling bereft of a father of their own.  "Okay, 'son.' Let me talk to the others. But if this is what you want, you know I'm going to be much stricter with you, right?" Elijah said tickling him under the arms. Finn giggled and said, "Yes, we know." "Good, now let's go down and eat before the pizza is all gone," Elijah said, wiping a stray tear of his own away. "Okay, Dad!" Finn grinned.  "Finn, I love you, always and forever," Elijah said hugging him again. Elijah felt something new inside him, Marcel had always been Klaus' son and the older boys' also Klaus', Davina' so clearly was Rebekah's and Marcel's... Could this be his turn? Was he capable of doing this right? ---------------****By the time, Finn and Elijah came down, the others were done with their pizza. Vanessa went back upstairs to help Henrik bathe as Matt asked Elijah to talk privately.  "Yes, Matt, let's talk in Freya's room," Elijah suggested.  Matt wanted to cry, but knew that nothing could help him.  "Dad, I got in trouble at school today. I'm flunking English and...," Matt started. Matt did have a few tears running down his face, he was ashamed at what he had done.  "I cheated in Alaric's class and I got caught. I'm really sorry! I swear I've never done anything like this before," Matt said with his head down. Elijah put his fingers gently under Matt's chin, "Matthew, look at me. I already knew about the cheating because Alaric called. What I am concerned with is why you cheated. Remember, the doctor does not think you have ADD or ADHD."  "Uncle Elijah, I think I was just taking the easy way out. I really have no excuses," Matt admitted. He didn't know why he was surprised that Alaric called Elijah already.  "What do you think your father would do?" Elijah asked.  "Probably march me out to the kitchen to pick up the paddle, then up to his room for a pretty good spanking. Then, I'd probably get to sit on my sore butt to write an apology letter and do my make-up assignments," Matt said realizing he may have answered the question too throughly.  "You won't be surprised to hear that Alaric has permission to punish you at school tomorrow. He doesn't know if he's going to give you a sore backside, extra assignments, detention or all three, so prepare yourself," Elijah warned.  "I will," Matt said red-faced and now sweating with nerves.  "Matthew, I can't say that I'm not disappointed in you behavior, not you yourself, but your actions," Elijah said carefully. He knew Matt tended to be harder on himself than anyone else.  More heavy tears ran down Matt's face, Elijah knew that he had to deal with this or the boy would torture himself with his guilt.  "I'll take a page from your father's book. You go take your shower and get ready for bed and then go to my quarters. We'll take care of this. I'm going to make sure you sleep on your stomach tonight, but I think you will feel a little better. We can talk to Vanessa tomorrow about the English and Alaric will work with you about the history. Matthew, it's going to be okay," Elijah said putting his hand on Matt's shoulder and giving it a squeeze. "Is Miss Monroe going to be there when I...," Matt started to ask.  "When I punish you? No, Matthew, of course not. I promise you I won't even tell her about this, unless you want me to do so. You can ask her for help on your own terms," Elijah promised gently.  Elijah's kindness made Matt want to cry more. He didn't deserve to be spared the mortification of his old favorite teacher knowing he was failing and lied. Matt wanted to kick himself for thinking that he could take care of this all on his own, he wasn't alone anymore. He didn't have to be. Matt choked out a thank you and went to get ready for bed. Elijah went to tell Vanessa that he would need some privacy tonight. He would make it up to her tomorrow.------------*****"Marcellus, can you wrap everything up by the end of the week? I'll like to get back to Mystic Falls soon now that Davina back," Klaus said lightly as they were walking to get beignets.  "Klaus, why do you keep assuming we're going back? Isn't it clear that the city needs me here?" Marcel snapped. He couldn't stop seeing Monique dead with her throat cut. And that was on Klaus. "Son, your family needs you, too. Your men are capable of handling things for a few months without you physically being here. You've said that many times. You can fly back and forth as needed," Klaus expanded. "That's not the damn point! It's my decision and Rebekah's to make and we don't need you pressuring us. Now back off," Marcel shouted in the street causing several people walking by to glance at the pair. "Young man, there was a time when if you spoke to me that way you would be staring at the ground right now getting your bottom tanned, in public or not," Klaus growled. They had been walking past an iron bench that Klaus could have easily sat down on and tossed him over his lap. Marcel glanced at it nervously and then remembered that the king of the city couldn't be spanked in public anymore, even by Klaus. 


"Whatever, Klaus. Take your threats and enjoy them alone with your beignets," Marcel said turning on his heel and walking back to the compound. Klaus just stared after him and wondered where he had gone wrong.---------------****Kol felt like he was dreaming. She was back. That was all that mattered. "Darling, can I get you anything?" Kol smiled, holding her hand."Kol, can you get me another blanket? I'm still freezing," Davina asked shivering.  "Of course, luv," Kol said going off to find one.  Davina was trying to act normally, but she was haunted. She had been in the darkness the whole time she was gone. No one was there, it was cold and she was alone. The ancestors had shunned her. Time passed slowly. It was like she had been in a gray hell. Every time she shut her eyes, she was back there. A part of her was gone, in that place. Perhaps never to be returned. Kol and everyone was so happy, but a part of Davina just felt nothing. No emotion, she would just have to keep pretending.-----------------*****"Marcel, does Davina seem okay to you?" Rebekah asked quietly.  Marcel was thinking about the latest argument he had had with Klaus. He knew he was pushing it and hurting Klaus with his insinuations that he wasn't returning to Mystic Falls.  "Marcel, are you listening to me?" Rebekah asked sharply. "Oh, sorry, what?" Marcel said.  "Marcel, I'm worried about Davina. But I'm also worried about you. You and Klaus have been bickering like you did when you left for the Great War in 1914! I guess it is true that history repeats itself," Rebekah mused mostly to herself. "Rebekah, do you think he will ever treat me like I'm a grown up? I mean, I swear to god, this morning when I told him off, he was ready to...," Marcel stopped and flushed.  "Put you over his knee? Marcel, he and Elijah are both old-fashioned, but well-meaning. I mean they treat us both like this. Not because they want to, but because they are desperate to keep us all together and safe. Think about how we feel when Davina put her life in danger or is getting out of control. It's the same. We can't criticize them for doing the same thing we do, or would do," Rebekah insisted.  "Yeah, I guess you are right. I don't know why I push Klaus so hard. It's like there is this rebellious voice inside me always testing him, always seeing how far I can go before I end up making him snap. I guess I should go apologize, he really doesn't deserve it," Marcel admitted.  "Go, please. Nik was in such a terrible mood, this explains it," Rebekah smiled. ----------***"Papa, can I talk to you?" Marcel almost whispered.  "Of course, Marcellus," Klaus replied with a smile. He was painting in his old quarters. A painting of the moon hanging over New Orleans at night.  "I'm sorry about saying that we wouldn't return with you," Marcel muttered. He hated apologizing and felt stupid and childish. "Is that all you are sorry for, Little Warrior?" Klaus said softly turning back to his painting.  "No, sir," Marcel admitted, his eyes filling with tears. Klaus put his paintbrush down, he had been filling the moon with a warm Naples yellow. "Come here, my son," Klaus said opening his arms to Marcel.  Marcel became a boy again and leaned his head against his father's chest, soaking it in tears.  "I was rude and disrespectful. I'm sorry," Marcel cried.  "Shh, thank you, son. I shouldn't have assumed anything. You are right. You and Rebekah are adults and I have no right to assume anything. I mean that, Marcellus," Klaus said feeling his heart cleave in two.  "No, Papa, you were right. My guys can handle things here a while. We'll come home with you," Marcel promised.  Klaus breathed a sigh of relief.  "You know how much this means to me," Klaus admitted. "Does this mean I'm not getting my butt whupped?" Marcel grinned.  "Not a chance," Klaus said as he smacked Marcel's rump smartly three times. Smack! Smack! Smack! "Ouch!" Marcel whined.  "There. Not off you go before I change my mind and tan you a bit more. Go pack. I'll like to get back to Mystic Falls before the weekend," Klaus smiled. 
  
    Chapter Text
    “Sometimes being a brother is even better than being a superhero.”                                             – Marc Brown Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010Mikaelson Mansion Jeremy asked Tyler what Matt was all pissed off about. Tyler filled him in on the latest incident.  "He got caught cheating by Alaric? Whoa, Alaric hates cheating big time. I bet he's going to whoop his ass tomorrow," Jeremy blurted out, not seeing Matt come out of the bathroom. "Thanks for the support, asshole," Matt retorted.  "Oh hey, sorry, man. I mean, it sucks," Jeremy replied.  "You're telling me you never did it before. Cheated, I mean," Matt said pulling on the shorts he slept in.  "Never got caught," Jeremy and Tyler both said together. "Great! Like the first time I do something I get busted. It's not fair. You're right, Alaric was heated. His face turned red and he got all like, disappointed. I actually felt like a sliver of fear run down my spine," Matt admitted.  Jeremy blushed and said, "He only beat my ass that one time but ten whacks from him...I mean, you heard from down the hallway at my house. The time that I almost killed Damon."  "Oh, I remember, Jer. I almost bust in the room to see what he was doing to you. He let me off that night and I swore I would man up if he had to whup my ass. Now I'm regretting that because after getting my butt busted tonight, I'm going to be crying tomorrow like a baby," Matt moaned.  "Well, at least you're not getting grounded-again," Tyler said brightly.  "Yeah, I guess. Well, wish me luck," Matt said his voice rough.  Tyler felt a stab of emotion for his old friend, who had stood by him so many times, when he hadn't deserved it. Tyler stood and suddenly hugged Matt. He started to say that he would be fine, but his voice caught. Tyler said nothing but hugged Matt tighter.  Matt nodded and went to meet Elijah in his quarters. Jeremy was surprised to find himself a little teary also. Matt had always been kind to him when they were growing up and it was hard to see him distraught. Jeremy knew that he would be okay in the end and that he had screwed up, but it was still hard to not be able to help.  Tyler wiped away a stray tear and said almost to himself, "He'll be alright."  Jeremy agreed, "I know, bro." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Matt knocked on Elijah's door with trepidation. He didn't know if he could take a long lecture and talk right now.  "Come in," Matt heard and opened the door.  To Matt's surprise, Alaric and Elijah were seated in the couch area. They had drinks on the coffee table and seemed to be talking causally.  "Hey," Matt said. "Matthew, come sit down a moment," Elijah said.  "Hey, buddy," Alaric said, giving him a sympathetic look.  "What's going on?" Matt said. He was wondering if they were both going to beat him one after the other.  "Matthew, please don't look so despondent. We're just going to talk to you first, okay?" Elijah said.  "But I thought I was in trouble for...," Matt started.  "Matt, I called Elijah back and asked if I could come by tonight. I was pretty rough on you at school. Yes, you did something wrong, but I feel like the deeper issue is academic," Alaric admitted.  "Matt, remember when you worked with the tutor this summer? You had some real learning gaps. That makes it quite a bit difficult to complete some of these assignments. Alaric has an idea," Elijah started.  "There is an after school tutoring business that might help fill in some of those gaps. I've referred a couple of students there and they had good results. I think you need to learn some study skills and maybe go to a private place to do your work. Buddy, this isn't a punishment. I know it doesn't seem like much fun, but if you want to go to college, I'm going to suggest you try it," Alaric shared.  "No, I'd like to give it a try. I really feel like crap over my grades and the cheating," Matt confessed.  "I know, Matthew.  But I really think you have punished yourself more than anything Alaric or I could do," Elijah affirmed. "Yeah, but Uncle Elijah, Dad said if we got in trouble, he was going to light us up again. If he finds out about this and that I wasn't even punished...Please, just let me get it over with now. Alaric, I swore to you when I was staying with you that if I earned another butt whupping, I wouldn't fight it. I have earned it and I won't fight it," Matt pleaded.  Elijah nodded at Alaric. They had discussed this possibility. Elijah patted Matt on the shoulder and gave it a small squeeze.  "I'll be in the boys' room when you're done," he assured him.  "Okay, Matt, I understand and I do remember your promise. We'll get this over with and then you can move on. I want you to bend over the couch arm. Yeah, put your arms on the cushion," Alaric directed him. Alaric took off his jacket and put it over a chair.   Matt did as he asked without comment. The arms of the couch were high and his backside fit perfectly for him to bend over.  "Tell me why I am having to punish you right now, Matt?" Alaric said, rolling up his sleeves.  "I didn't study enough and I tried to cheat. I'm flunking because I quit trying," Matt said. He felt odd in this position and unsure of what was going to happen.  "Yes, and that was wrong. I'm going to start with my hand," Alaric said.  "Okay," Matt replied, unsure of what to say.  Smack! Alaric brought his hand down hard on Matt's left cheek. Smack! He followed with the right. Through the layers of his shorts and briefs, it didn't really hurt.  "Move up a little," Alaric directed. Matt felt his shorts pulled down to his ankles.  The next series of cracks were on his cotton briefs.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Matt felt these blows sharper and flinched a little.  Alaric started smacking him below the band of his underwear on the tops of his bare thigh. Matt gasped a little as the burn he felt was sharper and stung. "Okay, I think it's time for these to come down," Alaric said sliding his briefs down to his ankles. Matt felt his neck up to his face burn with humiliation, but he bit his lip not to react. He would have assumed that this position would be less shameful to him, but he felt more vulnerable. He wanted to get up, but he didn't dare.  Crack! Alaric's hand smacked him in the center of his cheeks and Matt jumped. That hurt! Now Alaric was peppering his behind all over with firm spanks. Matt raised his head and fought to not shuffle his feet or move his hips. He reminded himself it was just a hand spanking. He'd had worse.  After a moment of smacks covering his entire behind twice over, Matt started to shift and move more. The burn was quickly increasing and going from uncomfortable to unbearable.  "Ow," Matt heard himself gasp.  "Starting to feel it?" Alaric asked.  "Yes, sir," Matt said.  "Okay, for this next part, I want you to stay still. Think about this the next time you consider slacking off and cheating," Alaric lectured.  Matt heard the clink of metal and realized Alaric was taking off his belt. He turned to look back at him. Alaric cracked him hard on the thigh and barked, "Face forward!" "Ouch, sorry, I didn't know you were going to use your belt," Matt gawped.  "You stay down or after I'm done I'll put you over my knee and spank you again," Alaric reprimanded. "Yes, sir," Matt cried out.  Matt suddenly felt like he made a grave mistake and should have taken his chances with his dad when he got home.  "I'm only going to give you five licks, for the five questions on the quiz. You move or don't count and I repeat the stroke. Got it," Alaric stressed.  "Yes, sir," Matt reported. He could take five.  Alaric folded his belt in half with the buckle in his hand and lined it up against Matt's rear. "Ready, son?" Alaric asked.  "Yes," Matt choked out.  Whap! "One!" Matt yelled out. That one hurt like a line of fire across his already spanked behind. Whap! "Two! Matt choked, he wanted to cry, but was biting his lip.  Whap!  "Ouch!" That one felt harder to Matt, it must have overlapped the two previous stripes.  "That didn't count. You're getting another," Alaric scolded. Whap! "Three. S-Sorry," Matt sobbed, That one really hurt.  Whap! Alaric dropped down and strapped the top of Matt's thighs, he popped up and Alaric used his left arm to hold him down.  "What did I tell you? You want to go over my knee after this? Stay down and count. This will be four," Alaric insisted.  Matt was crying now. His ass really felt on fire. This was torture. Whap! "F-Four!" Whap "Fuck!" Matt sobbed out.  "Matthew, come on. One more and that's costing you extra," Alaric said a bit impatiently.  Whap! Alaric snapped the belt down across the center of Matt's backside leaving a red stripe. Matt yelped and tried to stand.  Alaric was done. He tossed down the belt. Alaric went and sat on the couch where Matt was slumped sobbing. He grabbed him and put him over his lap.  "I warned you," Alaric said calmly.  "I am s-sorry, please 'Laric, no more," Matt begged. Matt realized what was happening after he was dragged across Alaric's lap.Alaric started paddling Matt's sit spots swiftly on the tender crease below his behind with the flat of his hand. This area quickly reddened as Matt kicked and thrashed his legs. Matt was crying hard and threw his hand back to protect his behind. Alaric smacked the top of his thighs one more and stopped after another minute of spanking. The boy's rear and thighs were pink and red with a few stripes where the belt had criss crossed.  "All done, Matt. It's okay, buddy. No more," Alaric said softly. He grabbed some kneenex from the box and handed them to Matt, whose face was a snotty, tearful mess. Matt pulled his arm back up to his face and tried to clean himself up.  Matt had kicked off his briefs and basketball shorts.  "I'm sorry, Alaric. I didn't m-mean to g-get up," Matt wailed.  "Buddy, it's all right. It's over. You're all forgiven. Okay, let me help you up," Alaric encouraged. Matt got up and painfully put on his briefs and shorts, wincing when he pulled them over his reddened skin.  "Matt, come here," Alaric said standing and wrapping Matt in his arms. Matt buried his head in Alaric's shoulder and rested it there. He was all cried out. His head ached and his butt was scotched and tore up. He wondered if Freya could give him something when she got home. They were due back tonight or early tomorrow. "That hurt," Matt smiled.  "You seemed surprised," Alaric quipped.  "I wonder if sometimes vampires don't hit as hard because we don't heal. But you are not a vampire, so...," Matt observed. "Are you saying that I spank harder than your father and uncle?" Alaric asked incredulous. "Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying. Jer said it, too. Your hand is like lead. They must go easy on us," Matt smiled trying to tenderly rub his aching mounds.  "Buddy, I've been where you are more times that I want to admit. You'll be okay. There is no way Klaus can say you were not punished, okay," Alaric said, putting his arm along him. "I feel better. I do. I'll go to that tutoring. And I swear, I'd rather just fail than try to cheat again," Matt swore.  "Well, let's aim for passing, okay. I want to go see Vanessa. Let's go let everybody know you are still alive and I didn't wear you out with my belt too much," Alaric joked, putting his belt back on.  "Well, okay. It hurts when I walk. Alaric, I swear, this is last time I'm gettin' whupped. I mean it. No more," Matt vowed.  Alaric laughed and kissed him on the side of the head as they walked down the hall. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^French Quarter, New Orleans, 2010Mikaelson Compound She was back there again. It was dark and gray. Someone was chasing her, a shadow person. She knew what they wanted, her soul. Davina ran. As long as she never stopped running, they couldn't get to her.  "Davina, D. wake up, honey. It's a dream," Marcel said, shaking her gently.  "What? Oh, Marcel, they were chasing me again," Davina said as Marcel wiped tears off her face. He embraced her as she sat up in the bed.  "I think it was the ancestors. I'm not sure. I can't remember. Oh, Marcel, it was awful. I never want to go back to that place," Davina wept into his shoulder.  "Never, D. We'll never let it happen again. I swear to you," Marcel vowed. "What happened, Darling?" Kol said rushing in.  "Oh Kol, I had the nightmare again," Davina said turning to him. Marcel got up to leave.  "No, Marcel, stay too, please. I want both of you here," Davina begged. Marcel shrugged and Kol nodded.  "Marcel! Nik wants you," Rebekah called from the hallway.  "Sorry, D., I'll be back," Marcel promised.  "Where is he?" Marcel asked Rebekah impatiently.  "Downstairs in his, I mean, your office," Rebekah smiled. Klaus's old study was now Marcel's office, but Klaus had been using it for business affairs like old times.  "Marcellus, this is Vincent Griffith, he is a Treme' witch. He has information that might help Davina," Klaus said. "Hi man, I've heard a lot about you," Vincent muttered.  Marcel felt like the man was glaring at him. He had that effect on New Orleans' witches after interfering with the Harvest.  "So, ah, how can you help with Davina?" Marcel said without delay.  "I've been getting information that the Ancestors were after her for collaborating with vampires on the Other Side.  And I'm sorry to say, they still might be," Vincent shared.  "Why are you trying to help us, man? I mean it's obvious you would rather stake me than try to help," Marcel accused.  "You don't mince words, do you? Well, Mr. Vampire King, you are right, I don't like you or the way you tried to take over my town. But the girl is innocent. The nine covens used to get along before...," Vincent paused. Freya walked in, "Before your wife Eva St. Claire went on a murderous rampage kidnapping a child from each coven for the Rite of the Nine...Isn't that why you turned your back on your coven, Mr. Griffith?" "And you are?" Vincent stepped forward.  "I'm Freya Mikaelson. A Bennett witch by coven. Davina is by family now and in my coven. I will help her anyway possible, but why should we trust the husband of a murderous psycho who used her power for evil?" Freya glowered.  "She's my ex and she's dead. My goal is to end the ancestors. They are what have caused most of the problems with the nine covens this century. They hate your family most of all. I want to lock them away so they can't hurt us anymore. Why you should trust me? You probably shouldn't. But I will tell you that you take your family now and get out of here. The witches are planning to come for Davina again. Go far and cloak Davina or shield her, New Orleans is not safe for her, especially the French Quarter," Vincent warned.  Freya pressed, "What do they want with her?"  "You know. The ancestors want her sacrificed again. This time for good. Go and if they find her again. Contact me. She is one of us, a witch, I'll help any witch who needs helping and that girl is gonna need my help. She has powerful enemies, thanks to yourselves. I would appreciate your help with locking up the ancestors. But I can wait, I've waited years, I can wait a few more months," Vincent finished.  Klaus stood, "Thank you, Mr. Griffiths. We shall leave shortly. And if what you have predicted has come to pass, we will be in touch." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah was putting Henrik and Finn to bed when Alaric and Matt came in.  "He lives," Alaric said quietly. "Is Vanessa downstairs? I want to say goodbye." "Yes, she's in the kitchen. Thank you, Alaric. Please give our regards to Jenna and Elena," Elijah said shaking his hand goodbye.  Alaric hugged Matt.  "Matt, where were you?" Henrik asked popping up from his bed.  "Alaric was ah, having a talk with me, about school," Matt smiled looking at Elijah.  "You're alright, Matthew?" Elijah asked with concern.  "Yeah, I mean, yes, I think so. I will be," Matt smiled wryly.  "Matt, football practice tomorrow?" Finn asked from bed. Matt and Tyler had been teaching the younger two some sports outside. They liked to pretend it was a real team. Elijah was hoping to get them into school soon.  "You got it, bud. Just promise you won't tackle me again," Matt joked. "No, I'm going to tackle you," Finn laughed.  "Okay, night, guys," Matt said.  Elijah kissed them both and shut out the light, leaving a small night light on.  "Night, Dad," Finn said softly. Elijah smiled.  "So I was just coming in to tell you older boys that everyone is on their way home, actually, right now," Elijah said looking at his watch.  "That's awesome!" Matt said.  "I'm proud of you, Matt. I know that someday you will do great things," Elijah said hugging him tightly.  "Well, right now, I will be avoiding sitting for the next hour and honestly, I didn't take the belt great. Plan is to never get it again ever, but I will do that tutoring program. Thanks for the chance," Matt said.  "Of course," Elijah said, "Now go show Jeremy and Tyler you are in one piece. Your brothers were worried." Matt paused, they were his brothers now truly. "I know," he said softly. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Klaus was glad to be home. He was in his quarters unpacking when he heard a knock.  "Come in," Klaus called.  "Hey Dad," Matt said sheepishly. "Son, come here. Let me look at you again," Klaus said hugging Matt to him again. He had greeted everyone when he got home from New Orleans last night, but was hoping to be able to spend some time alone with his sons today.  "Ah Dad, I think I probably look exactly the same. Well, maybe not my, you know," Matt said indicating his backside,"after Alaric tore it up last night." Matt felt an itch and some tenderness, but nothing like last evening. If he felt like he had after Alaric had taken his belt to him last night, he would have broken down and begged for blood right now from his father.  Klaus cringed, "Oh Matthew, your uncle told me about that. I am proud of you for accepting the consequences, but no more of that alright? And no, you're not in more trouble with me, I think we will try that tutoring center though, hmm?" Klaus had given his permission for Alaric to deal with Matt last night as he saw fit, but he really didn't care for his harsh methods. After Klaus took his belt to Tyler for planning that party on the full moon that one time, he didn't think he could ever use it again. Not on his boys. He cringed at the thought of Matt getting the belt, but he knew Elijah said the boy had been tearing himself up with guilt and remorse. He seemed fine now.  Matt was relieved, "Yeah, thanks, Dad. I didn't want you to have to come home and whup me again. I ain't even going to think about cheating again or slacking off, I swear."  "My sweet boy," Klaus said holding his head in his hands and kissing his forehead, "I missed you so much. Now, go to school. We'll all do something this weekend together."  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Freya went in to see if Henrik and Finn were up. They stirred a little, but we still asleep. Elijah had told her about how they wanted him to be "their" father. She had mixed feelings. Her father Mikael was still out there, he was their father, too. At one time, he was her hero. After Dahlia took her, for years she was convinced that her father with his mighty sword, Rawthul, that he named after her hair, would rescue her from that witch. He never came. Instead, it seems, he was terrorizing the rest of his family, now her family. She supposed he had no right to these younger boys anymore. She couldn't imagine anyone hurting them. She got the impression that Mikael at times was violent toward them all, but saved his special hatred toward Niklaus. How could he? Dahlia had made Freya a prisoner, but Freya knew Dahlia was a touch afraid of her power. She, the first born daughter, wielded a great deal of magic, but Niklaus had been powerless against the angry Viking warrior, a child. Finn stirred in his sleep. No, the only defense Niklaus had possessed against Mikael been his siblings. "Freya, you're back," Henrik said, his voice heavy with sleep. "Yes, honey, I am. Were you a good boy when I was away?" she smiled, going over to kiss him.  "Yeah, well, sort of. What did you bring me?" Henrik pressed, gripping her arm and bouncing on the bed." "You'll find out later. Now, hush, you'll wake up,-" Freya started.  "Freya! How was the plane? Was it long? Did it go fast?" Finn asked interrupting her.  "It was very fast. I missed you both so much," Freya conceded, finding herself getting weepy. She had bought them some model cars and airplanes. She figured Kol could do it with them. Building was not really her thing, but they seemed to like it more and more.  "Why are you sad?" Henrik pressed getting up and coming over to her.  "I'm not, baby boy. I'm just happy to be back. Now show me your new soccer ball," Freya demanded lightly. "I'm not a baby. It's outside. Come on, Freya. Let's go," Henrik said pulling her. "Actually, let me talk to Finn a minute. Why don't you go wake up Kol?" Freya suggested. She wondered if he was up in Davina's bed. But Davina had school so she supposed they were up.  "Hey Finn, I talked to Elijah," Freya started, not exactly sure what she wanted to say.  "Did he tell you I got in trouble?" Finn asked timidly.  "Yeah, sweetheart, but that's not what I wanted to talk about," Freya deflected.  "Oh, Henrik hit me. He was watching tv, too, but I got in more trouble because I was 'arguing', he's been really bad and mean to me," Finn went on, convinced she was going to chide him for not listening to Vanessa the other day. "I know, Finn. We'll talk about that later. But Elijah said that you want him to be your dad," Freya pressed gently.  "Yeah, Freya. Henrik and I want a dad. We want Elijah," Finn clarified.  "I know. But you know that Mikael is our biological father. Do you remember him?" Freya asked delicately.  Finn nodded,"I try not to. In the... before time, it's foggy now.... But I remember being afraid of him. He didn't like me. I wasn't good with the bow. Mother told me to stay by her and he left me alone mostly."  Freya didn't know what to say.  "You look like Mother sometimes, Freya. When I remember her in my dreams, I think of you and I don't miss her anymore," Finn admitted.   Freya became raw with emotion for a moment. She hated Ester for giving her away and now Finn saw her as Ester? He didn't know any better. She hoped he would grow up and forget that Ester and Mikael ever existed. Something snapped in her.  "Finn, I'm here for you and Elijah, we all are. Forget the rest. Forget the past. You have us here now for you, Elijah will be your father, you have me and Vanessa for mothers, and so many other good people. You don't need ghosts, sweetheart," Freya pledged. "Okay," Finn said nonchalantly.  "Okay, let's go brush your teeth. Then, you can get your presents later, after your lessons," Freya said holding out her hand.  "Henrik didn't brush his teeth," Finn reported.  Freya smiled. She supposed she couldn't stop Finn from being a bit of a tattletale, but she hoped he felt more secure now. They wouldn't, they couldn't let him down, again. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Davina woke up refreshed.  Kol had snuck in during the night and slept in her bed and then out before anyone woke up. He just held her and they kissed a little. He vowed they wouldn't do more until she was older. She told him that was silly. She had a feeling that it wasn't the world's biggest secret, but that everyone just let it go.  "Hey, luv, ready for your big day back?" Rebekah said knocking on the door frame.  "No, my hair looks awful and I have nothing to wear," Davina grumped. "Davina, your hair always looks beautiful. I thought you were wearing that blue sweater today. Do you want to take the day off?" Rebekah asked.  "No, Elijah will just lecture me all day about the importance of education or responsibility. I might as well just go," Davina concluded.  "That is 100% true," Rebekah agreed, having heard more of her brother's lectures than almost anyone alive.  "Is this a closed party? Ladies only?" Marcel asked walking in.  "No, get your butt in here. We were just grousing about Elijah's lectures. Remember some of those?" Rebekah asked elbowing him.  "'Marcellus, it is beneath you to behave in such an insolent and petty manner, now you march yourself in that corner and...'" Marcel mocked Elijah's stern voice.  Davina laughed, "You sound exactly like him!" "Yeah, and if he hears me, he will put my 200 year old butt in the corner. Now, do you have everything you need? Money, books, that new phone," Marcel prompted.  "Yes, yes, and yes. I could use a new...laptop, though," Davina mentioned.  "Okay, we'll look into it. You call if you have any symptoms or anything, you hear? I mean it, D. I will come pick you up in a minute. No questions asked," Marcel emphasized, going over to embrace her. "Thank you," Davina said as he hugged her, "I'm sure I'll be fine.""Okay, Marcel, she's going to be late. Let's let her get ready," Rebekah laughed dragging him away and rolling her eyes. She winked at Davina and they left.  Davina felt good. Like maybe she was finally out of the grasp of the ancestors.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Kol, Tyler, and Jeremy were watching sports in the great room when Matt came down. They were eating cereal in front of the tv. Jeremy wasn't really paying attention to the tv, but texting Bonnie.  "So?" Tyler said.  "So nothing," Matt responded.  "What'd you do, mate? I feel like I'm missing something here," Kol asked. "It's nothing. Like seriously. Don't," Matt said to Tyler.  Tyler smirked and in a low voice,"So genius here starts flunking all his classes and gets caught cheating in Alaric's class and,-" Matt jumped over the couch and tackled Tyler. His cereal went flying. Tyler was trying to swat Matt on his sore ass and Jeremy was kicking the wrestling pair away from himself.  Kol hissed, "I'm sorry I bloody asked. Clean that up before-" "Before Elijah sees you all eating in the great room?" Elijah arched a brow.  "Sorry, Uncle Elijah, we'll clean it up," Matt promised.   Tyler reddened and picked up the bowl that was now on top of him, "Ah, I think I better go change." "You are going to be late if you continue this nonsense. Remember, Davina is also going to school with you today. Jeremy, why don't you go start the truck. I'll clean this up. Matt, you need to change, too," Elijah directed.  Matt looked down and start that he had milk all over his jeans.  "Tyler! I don't even have anything else to wear. Dammit," Matt yelled.  "Matt, the finished ironing is in the laundry room downstairs if you want to check there," Elijah instructed.  "Thanks," Matt said stalking off.  Kol started to clean up the cereal himself with some paper towels. "Sorry, Elijah. All I did was ask one question and they started wrestling. You've had your hands full here, huh? With five boys. Worse than just Marcellus and me arguing all the time," Kol grinned.  "Oh Kol, you have no idea. Vanessa's been a huge help. But this modern world is so fast. The video, the music, the food, it makes my head spin. Ah, there is something I wanted to mention to you," Elijah said leaning against the couch.  "What, brother?" Kol said stopping his cleaning.  "Finn had a little incident the other day. He had been acting up the whole week. Truly begging for a bit of old fashioned correction. When I finally, smacked him and got him to talk to me, he admitted that he and Henrik...," Elijah begun.  Kol had no idea where this was going.  "Want to call me their father. I guess they have felt left out. What do you think?" Elijah inquired.  "Well, you already are that to them. And Elijah, you know, you have often been a father to me, more than Mikael ever was. Nik, too. Without the two of you, the immortal devil in me may have destroyed this planet in my rage and thirst. You caged that demon and allowed me to meet the love of my life. I am forever grateful, 'Lijah," Kol smiled.  Elijah gripped his shoulder, "I am so happy for you, Kol-" Elijah felt a tug on the back of his jacket.  "Niklaus needs you," Finn said urgently.  "Go, 'Dad', Kol quipped, as their vampire hearing detected Henrik yelling about something.  "Is Henrik being naughty?" Elijah said as he let Finn ride on his back.  "How did you know?" Finn asked.  "I just do," Elijah joked. Elijah cringed at the scene in front of him. Klaus was holding Henrik back and Vanessa was cleaning up broken glass from the floor. Henrik was thrashing around and kicking and stomping. The soccer ball was rolled to the side.  "Settle down, Henrik," Klaus said firmly. Elijah could tell his brother was getting irritated.  "Dare I ask?" Elijah asked.  "It wasn't my fault! It was an accident!" Henrik shouted, as Klaus let him go and he ran to Elijah.  "Let me guess. The soccer ball jumped out of your hands and smashed the vase by itself," Elijah eluded.  Klaus chimed in, "I told him to stop throwing it and he got a bit vexed and fired it at me." Elijah was alarmed, "You, what?" Niklaus had barely been back a few hours. Elijah felt almost embarrassed. Henrik grumbled, "I didn't mean to. I shouldn't get in trouble for an accident."  Klaus raised his eyebrows, "I recall when Marcel knocked that bust off the mantle when he was a boy. It seems like yesterday. These boys have a way of testing us, do they not, brother?"Elijah smiled a little. That was perhaps the first time Klaus ever spanked Marcellus when he was human. It was a few taps, but the boy had howled in shock. Klaus had bared his backside to make sure he wasn't using too much force. Marcel was further shocked when he was to be put in the corner for a half hour while the rest of the household went about their business. Klaus had only let him suffer there for ten minutes before carrying him up to his room. Elijah went over and got Klaus' handy paddleball paddle out of the drawer. Henrik groaned and covered his backside.  "No, don't spank me!You can't!" Henrik barked as he backed away.  Vanessa finished cleaning the glass and shooed Finn to the dining room to get out his school work for the tutor. Finn watched to watch, but figured he might be next if he resisted. Klaus resumed drinking a mug of blood standing at the island. He didn't want to see this, but also didn't want to run out of the room. Elijah grabbed Henrik's arm and marched him to the kitchen chair.  "Can you admit what you did wrong?" Elijah asked sternly. "No, not the paddle. Please, D-daddy, no," Henrik started sobbing. "Fine," Elijah put the round paddle on the kitchen table and smacked away the boys hands as he tried to keep his pj bottoms up.  Elijah took them to his knees and his underwear with them. Henrik wailed as his backside was bared and he looked around to see if anyone was witnessing his shame. Klaus decided to go downstairs and talk to Freya in her lab quietly, so now one was in the kitchen now. Elijah scooted the chair out more as to have more room to flip the defiant child completely over his lap after sitting. At first he was going to just give him a whack or two, but the way Henrik was fighting him, made him decide to make this a more thorough punishment.  Henrik felt himself get flipped forward. His hair was in his face and blood rushed to his head. He was leaned over so his head was almost on the floor with his hands and his legs were free over his father's knees. He felt a hand on his bare bottom and too late realized the error of his ways. After a quick rush of air, he heard a smack and then felt a burning sensation.Smack! "Nooooo," he screamed. He immediately began to fight and thrash with everything in him.  Smack! Smack! "Settle down, young man," Elijah warned, cracking the palm of his hand down randomly.  "Stoppp i-itt," Henrik screamed in fury, kicking out with his legs and pounding his fists.  Elijah encircled his waist with his left arm and drew him in closer.  Swat. swat. swat. swat. swat.  He was giving him a series of lighter, quicker smacks to warm up his bottom for the paddle. Plus, the boy had worked himself into a fury. Witches typically needed to focus to do a spell, but it crossed Elijah's mind that Henrik was angry enough to try to crumple him to the ground. He wanted the frantic boy's attention. Resting his hand on Henrik's backside and rubbing it, "Henrik, I want you to stop moving around and listen. Can you do that?"  Henrik continued to fight for another few seconds and then stopped when he realized the spanking had stopped.  "Are you ready to tell me why you are over my knee?" Elijah said, now tapping his bottom. "I-I broke stuff! Sorry," Henrik sobbed out. "Honey, that's not why you're getting spanked right out here in the kitchen," Elijah announced.  Henrik was not really sure why he was here. It was an accident! "You didn't like when your uncle told you to stop and you disobeyed him. I don't really care about a vase. It's a thing we can replace. It's the disrespect I will not tolerate. What if you hurt him? Or the glass hurt your brother? Do you understand more now?" Elijah said now patting his behind a little firmer. In truth, few things in the world could truly hurt an Original, but Finn was human now.  "Yeah, I guess," Henrik said. "How about 'Yes, Daddy, I'm sorry. I will tell my uncle I am sorry'?" Elijah tried. He realized this was newer to the boy. He had to learn, though. Maybe the Mikaelson ways were archaic and hard, but he thought of Kol this morning. It seemed to have finally paid off with Marcel and Kol, though it was a road paved with tears and sore behinds...and love. Always and forever, the love they bore each other would have to serve them or it was all for naught. Henrik repeated the phrase. His small behind was pink in some places.  "I'm going to paddle you now. Five smacks, but if you fight and act up, you will get more," Elijah threatened. He picked up the wooden paddle and laid it over Henrik's backside. It covered all of it.  Pop! Henrik screamed and thrashed wildly. It stung like bees. Pop! Elijah raised the paddle higher and brought it down with a snap. It left a red circle on the center of both cheeks. He paused and let it sink in. "S-ssorry, d-ddaddy," Henrik yelped as Elijah pulled him in tighter so he didn't fall off his lap.  Pop! Pop!Pop! Henrik just sobbed for the last three hard spanks. The lightweight paddle had left two sore looking areas on each cheek, but no bruises. Elijah had left the boy's thighs untouched as he would have to sit in the dining room today and do his school work. Elijah set the paddle on the table, glad that it was over. He patted Henrik's back. Kol came in to get a blood bag, saw the chastised boy crying over Elijah's knee and raised his eyebrows.He got his blood and then also went downstairs to join Freya and Klaus.  "Daddy is going to let you up, okay?" Elijah said gently raising the boy to a standing position. Henrik sobbed as he tried to rub the sting out of his backside with no success.  "I'm going to pull your pants up. Your tutor should be here soon and I don't think you want him to see your spanked behind," Elijah whispered as he carefully brought the cloth up with as little friction as possible. Henrik couldn't help but whine and again rub when the fabric clung to the stinging area.  "Ouch!" Henrik danced and stomped a little more as he rubbed. "You got a very sore bottom from the paddle, didn't you, Son?" Elijah asked firmly, wiping his face and tears with a napkin.  "Yes, D-Daddy," Henrik whimpered, feeling sorry for himself.  Elijah could take no more and pulled the boy into his arms and sat him on his lap. Henrik squealed when his behind touched Elijah's firm knee and Elijah shifted him to take the pressure off. He rocked him and rubbed his back. "Normally, I would put you in the corner with your red bottom on display. However, your tutor is coming and you have work to do. You are going to apologize to your Uncle and Vanessa for your naughtiness. Freya might have a bit to say about this also before the day is over. They might decide to give you another spanking for misbehaving like that," Elijah cautioned. He knew they probably wouldn't smack the chastised boy again, but he wouldn't stop them if they wanted to give him another swat or two. Elijah had been fairly easy on him, he knew. "No! Please, Daddy, no more. It stings too much," Henrik whined.  "Then, you have to behave. Now after you apologize, you will do your school day. Yes, you will sit on your sore behind and not complain. Henrik, I know it doesn't seem like it, but this was a very light spanking to what you could have gotten. You are going to be fine in a little while, okay. I just wanted to make it clear that we don't attack our family and we accept responsibility when we make a mistake," Elijah lectured.  Henrik was now listening, before he had been too distraught and angry.  "You mean, I should have just admitted I was wrong after I threw the ball. I just didn't want to get a spanking in front of everyone, especially Finn. He's going to laugh at me later," Henrik gushed.  "Sweetheart, if he does that, I'll march him out here for a good, swift paddling on his bare behind. He won't say a word. I will talk with him," Elijah promised.  Henrik giggle through his tears at that image.Sobering as he shifted, he muttered, "I don't know why I threw the ball. Just mad, I guess."  Elijah patted him, "You can tell your uncle you are sorry. The paddle stays here on the table all day. You misbehave again and you will get another spanking with it. I'm going to let you fighting me this time go, since we are in the kitchen and I didn't give you a lot of time to calm down before I spanked you. But the next time you get sent to your room for a spanking, you best cooperate a lot more, okay?"  "Sorry, I will," Henrik whispered.  "I love you and I hope this is the last time we need to do this," Elijah said in a low tone.  "It will be! Love you, too," Henrik promised solemnly.  Elijah rocked him another minute and then took him to make his apologies and get started on his school day. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Elijah walked Henrik downstairs to Freya's lab.  Klaus saw his small face looking dejected and instantly forgave him, but he let the boy come to him. Elijah gave him a small push and said, "It's okay. He won't bite you." Klaus rolled his eyes. It had been a while since he had laced an enemy with his deadly hybrid bite. Not that he ever missed those days. Henrik faltered, "S-sorry, Uncle Nik." Elijah and Freya smiled at each other at the new name. Klaus carefully picked him up and walked a little to the side and sat down on a chair with him. Freya smiled and she and Elijah caught up for a moment.  "Hey, sweetheart, what got you so upset this morning? With your ball? Can you tell me?" Klaus asked gently.  Henrik shook his head, "Finn said that I wouldn't do it, throw it, and I wanted to prove that I wasn't afraid. Then, I got mad when you said don't. I didn't think I would break anything. I wasn't trying to hit you with the ball."  Klaus laughed, "You know that ball wouldn't hurt me, right? It may knock some sense into me, but truly Henrik, I am more worried about you. It does hurt me to see you being so naughty. Next time, think about whether or not it is worth it to get a sore bottom, okay? Hug?" Henrik hugged him and nodded and then went to Freya. She hugged him tightly and they talked quietly.  Elijah cringed, "Please tell me, I need not have words with another young man this morning? Did I overhear Henrik tell you Finn instigated this? Henrik was worried Finn was going to laugh at him for getting paddled. I don't know what to do."  Klaus grunted, "There are no easy answers, brother. Talk to him and feel him out. Follow your gut. And brother, we're here if you need us."  "Thank you. I may need you before the day is out. I'm already exhausted," Elijah admitted.  "You're going to make mistakes with them. Just like when I spoiled Marcel rotten and was too hard on Kol at times a century ago. We learn as we go. They will grow up, then screw up their own kids," Klaus grinned. He thought of Marcel and Rebekah with Davina. That witch had spirit and was as stubborn as her new adoptive parents. They may have met their match. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah dropped off Henrik upstairs with the tutor and Vanessa. They were paying her several times her old salary to tutor the boys and get them ready for the private school they hoped to send them to soon. The lovers locked eyes and Elijah hoped to have some alone time with her soon.  "Finn, come speak to me for a moment in the kitchen," Elijah directed. "Hi Dad," Finn chirped.  "How's your school work going?" Elijah inquired. Finn told him about some of the math he had learned this morning.  "Am I in trouble?" Finn worried as they go to the kitchen table. The paddle lay where Elijah had left it this morning after spanking Henrik.  "Finn, that's what I want to know. Let's sit down and talk," Elijah advised.  "I didn't make him do it. All I said it that it would be funny. I didn't think Henrik would be so dumb as to throw the ball! I swear. It's not my fault that he's stupid," Finn reasoned hoping from foot to foot in nervousness.  "Young man, what are you telling me? And don't call your brother stupid. Are you telling me everything?" Elijah asked sharply.  Finn's face fell, "I was trying to get Henrik in trouble. I didn't think he'd get...," "Paddled?" Elijah prompted.  "Yeah, I just thought he'd get yelled at. He really annoys me sometimes and he gets away with it. Sorry," Finn whispered.  "Oh Finn, I know you two get lumped together a lot. I think that it wouldn't be a bad idea for you to do some separate activities. You know, you can even have your own bedroom if you want," Elijah suggested.  "Really, but Matt, Tyler, and Jer still share?" Finn brought up.  "That's because they have chosen to do so. They want to stay together," Elijah affirmed.  "But they fight and yell, break stuff, and sometimes they seem like they don't like each other," Finn said in awe. "I know. They argue and don't always get along. Even when they are mad and in trouble, they have begged to stay in that room. They love each other, even when they are angry at each other. But if you want some privacy, you can have it. Think about it. You don't need to tell me now. But you do need to answer for your behavior," Elijah reminded him.  "Can I tell Henrik that I'm sorry? I could hear him getting spanked and I felt scared," Finn flushed.  "It sounded like I was killing him, I know. Honey, believe me, I smacked his behind and gave him five little pops with that paddle," Elijah shared,"You can pick it up. It's not heavy. It stings a lot at the time and then wears off pretty quickly. It's probably not even as bad as what I whacked you with the other day. We would never hurt any of you, you know that."  Finn exhaled with relief, "Oh, I thought, it was worse. He was really screaming." "I think he was more frustrated and angry. Just like you were when I caught you watching tv during your resting time. I think an apology from you would be appreciated. And Henrik was afraid you were going to make fun of him for getting punished. If that happened, that person will get the same punishment, understand?" Elijah asked.  "Yes, Daddy," Finn said slowly.  "Give me a hug and then you can apologize to your brother. I'm not spanking you, but fair warning, I told Henrik this paddle is out the rest of the day. Anymore nonsense and I will use it, got it?" Elijah said holding out his arms.  "We'll be good," Finn promised hugging Elijah tightly. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah dropped off Finn with his brother and the tutor and took Vanessa upstairs for a break. She was doing well with her bloodlust. They had increased her to an additional blood bag. At times, she feel off of Elijah a little. "Well, I didn't hear any wailing that time," Vanessa quipped.  "He completely instigated Henrik smashing that vase in the kitchen this morning. I gave him a stern warning. Forgive me, but I just didn't have the fortitude to thrash him. He was fibbing a little, I could hear it in his heartbeat but, oh Vanessa, it's one thing after another," Elijah laid down on the bed. Vanessa took off her shoes and climbed on top of him.  "Shh, take a break. Let me take care of you for a while," Vanessa purred in Elijah's ear.  And he did.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^At school, the story was that Davina had been back in New Orleans for a while due to a custody battle. She didn't know how the rumors got started, but they were better than the ones that she had a baby or was on drugs. She figured it would be difficult to explain that she had been dead. Of course, Bonnie knew and the rest of the gang. Yet Davina's teenage mind had moved on to more pressing matters.  "So, can I talk to you about something kind of private?" Davina asked Bonnie and Elena at lunch. Caroline was with Tyler and Matt getting food.  "Sure, anything. I am in your coven now, sista!" Bonnie joked.  "Um, Elena, this has to do with you, too. You know how there is a big age difference between you and Stefan and obviously Kol and me?" Davina said sipping her diet coke.  "Yeah, but Davina, it's different for vampires. It's like they really are more the age they were made that the years they lived as vampire. So I don't really think of Stefan as, you know, his real age. I mean, you met Damon, does he act like 180?" Elena scoffed, looking at Bonnie who also laughed. "Exactly, so Kol is really only 17, 18 at the most. I feel like Marcel threatened him to, um, stay away from me, in that way. Or else," Davina said with a slight blush.  Elena came out and asked, "You mean, he promised them he wouldn't have sex with you." Davina nodded, "Exactly. We kiss and fool around, a little, very little, but that is it. He treats me like I'm made out of glass. I mean, I died and came back to life. I want to live, not just wait another 20 years until I get permission that I'm allowed to do it."  The others came back to the table so Bonnie whispered, "I have an idea. My grams had a spell recipe for something called a love cake. It's an aphrodisiac. You bake this cake and..." Elena giggled, "Kol won't be able to resist you." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Finn looked at Henrik and felt a little embarrassed about the morning. The tutor went to the bathroom and he figured he better apologize now. A part of him was worried that Freya wouldn't give them their presents later if they were still fighting and he was looking forward to that.  "Sorry," Finn muttered. "I told you I wasn't afraid to throw the ball," Henrik said glancing out the door.  "I didn't think you would do it. I was joking, dummy," Finn hissed. "Dad wasn't laughing. Don't call me names," Henrik said.  "Did it hurt?" Finn said referring to the spanking Elijah had administered to Henrik in the kitchen. "Yes! Bad," Henrik growled back.  "Now?" Finn asked. "I guess it's okay but it was your fault," Henrik said his eyes welling up with tears. The sting had faded also immediately, but he felt humiliated all the same. "I said sorry!" Finn repeated. The tutor came back in and got them started on their next lesson. Henrik realized he was fine, but he felt a little betrayed by his brother. Finn didn't seem sorry at all. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Later that afternoon, Klaus asked his siblings about a charity function at Founder's Hall that Friday evening. Alaric and Jenna invited them. Kol said he'd stay home and babysit all the kids. Davina got the cake recipe from Bonnie. Since Friday was the night most of the adults were going out, she volunteered to make dessert. Bonnie helped Davina get the damiana tincture that she needed. She had the other ingredients in her and Freya's ingredient cabinet. Luckily, they just ordered pizza again because baking a real cake was more involved than most of her spells. The older boys had plans. Tyler was going out with Caroline to a party. Matt and Jeremy were going to the Grill with everyone else. So Davina and Kol really only had to entertain Finn and Henrik. They got a couple of movies, the pizza, and settled in the great room.  Marcel felt okay leaving Kol with Davina since the younger kids were there. But he couldn't help but give her the "you-call-if-you-need-us" speech before they left. Rebekah rolled her eyes behind Marcel and waved bye. Elijah helped Vanessa into her coat. Klaus was rolling solo, like the lone wolf, but after he ended up having to execute his last lover, he wasn't complaining. Freya would be his de facto date.  "Uncle Kol, can we go work on the model planes now?" Finn begged.  "I thought you lads wanted to watch the movies?" Kol said. "We do, but after. Please!" Finn continued.  "That's fine, Kol. I'll finish the cupcakes and order the pizza. Give me 45 minutes. I'll call you guys," Davina said kissing Kol on the cheek. Then, Finn and Henrik.  "Okay, luv, if you don't mind," Kol said hoisting them both up on his shoulders as they laughed.  Davina rushed over to finish the cupcakes and complete her spell. She chanted the charm over two of the red velvet cupcakes topped with cream cheese icing. She tasted it. Damn! Bonnie's Gram must have been a great baker. She set the two enchanted cupcakes aside for her and Kol. She would give the rest of the family the other ones. She ordered the pizza and then went to freshen up. After the boys went to bed, tonight was her big night.  The pizza came and Davina called Kol, Finn, and Henrik back down to eat and start the movie. Jeremy and Matt came home at some point and grabbed pizza and went upstairs. After the movie, the younger boys were falling asleep and Kol carried them upstairs, though they woke up and started protesting that they weren't tired.  Davina was really to finish the spell all she had to do was light two candles. She had everything set up in Kol's room, but she couldn't find a lighter. She knew there had been one in the kitchen junk drawer. She went to ask Jeremy and Matt if they had one.  "Hey, do you guys know where-Oh my god!" Davina screeched. There was some horrible pornographic scene on the television that she couldn't make heads or tails of and Jeremy had the lighter. He was using it to hit a bong. Kol hear Davina's cry of alarm and vamped up behind her, "Darling, what is it?"  "Oh fuck," Jeremy groaned.  Matt was getting up to turn off the video.  "What the bloody hell is this?" Kol yelled.  The two younger boys had been brushing their teeth and came to see what the fuss was.  "Lads, nothing to see here. Finish. Come on, hurry. Finn, I am not telling you again," Kol scolded.  To Matt and Jeremy, he growled, "Don't move."  Davina gasped and said to Kol, "I'm ah, going to go to your room." Kol got the boys in bed with promises to play with them outside first thing in the morning. He headed back to Matt and Jeremy's room. "First of all, where did you get the filthy video?" Kol asked.  "Ah, we can't tell you," Matt hesitated.  "So it's Tyler's then," Kol surmised.  "Lads, you cannot lie to a vampire. Jeremy, the pot again? Really?" Kol pressed.  "Uncle Kol, it's not that big of a deal. I swear, if you tell dad or Uncle Elijah, he's going to beat my ass like every day for a week," Jeremy begged.  "With a belt," Matt added, remembering the threat Elijah had made.  Kol threw his arms up, "Are you asking me to lie to my brothers? Lad, I learned the hard way, a long time ago, the truth always comes out. And if you were really afraid of the hiding you'd get, you wouldn't have done it again."  "I told him not to," Matt said. "And Davina had to see that smut? Give it to me," Kol said.  Matt ejected the DVD and put it in the case and gave it to Kol, who shook his head.  "And give me the...," Kol said indicating the water pipe. "Bong," Jeremy said handing it to him.  "Jeremy, Matt, you two can get ready for bed. Now," Kol said sternly carrying the illicit items.  Jeremy flinched and Matt nodded and went into the bathroom. Kol saw the start of tears on Jeremy's face and said, "No one's going to belt you for a week, okay? One time Elijah had to fish me out of whorehouse after I went on a three day bender. I only got one hiding for that if I recall correctly, never mind me, I think it was two. I got one in the cab on the way home..."  "Whorehouse?" Matt smirked from the bathroom door.  "It was the last time I did that though, I can tell you that. Now get ready and go to bed, before I give you a taste of what you're going to get later," Kol warned smiling.  Kol tossled Jeremy's hair and left them to get ready for bed. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Tyler and Caroline came in through the garage into the kitchen.  "Ohhh, cupcakes!" Caroline cooed. She grabbed one and started feeding it to Tyler. "Oh baby, you are so sweet," Tyler said, picking up the other cupcake and doing the same. "Oh my god, Tyler, you are so hot tonight. Do you have the condoms?" Caroline gasped. "Yeah, I have some upstairs. Come on," Tyler said pulling her. "Forget it. Now," Caroline said dragging him to the couch in the great room.  Unbeknownst to them, Davina had lit the red candles and started her spell upstairs. Kol had come in and was taking a shower. She was hoping to join him soon. All she needed to do was go down and get her special love spell cupcakes for them to eat. No one could resist this love spell.  As she tiptoed downstairs, she thought she heard something. Then, she knew what it was, her face colored. What was with this place tonight? Oh my god, they weren't, were they? No, they were. Davina could see Tyler and Caroline in the dimness of the great room writhing on the couch as she stood in the kitchen.  She turned to the counter where she had put the cupcakes for her and Kol and found that they were gone. Only crumbs and wrappers remained. She stood stunned for a moment until the garage door opened behind her and the rest of the family came in.  Klaus said, "Hi honey, how was your night?"  Elijah came in behind him with Vanessa as she said, "Dear god, what is that?" "Is that Tyler?" Elijah gasped.  Rebekah covered Davina's eyes.  Marcel said, "Oh, hell no!"  Kol vamped down.  Klaus turned, "Brother, thank you, but you are never babysitting again."  Everyone turned as Caroline, squealed. Freya marched up to the crumbs on the counter and smelled them. "Young lady, why am I smelling damiana tincture? I think you have some explaining to do?  Davina just cringed and opened her mouth, but no words came out. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Caroline's eyes opened wide as she gasped,"Oh my God, they're home! Ty, your family!"  Tyler said, "What?" "Um, they're all watching us," Caroline said grabbing a blanket off the couch to wrap around herself. "Ah," he grunted as he found his pants and put them on. Caroline's clothes were more spread out and none were close by the couch. Klaus handed Caroline a pile of her clothes quietly which she accepted gratefully. "There's a study in there that you can dress in," Klaus said. "Dad, I really don't know what happened," Tyler admitted looking for his shirt. Kol tossed it over to him. "Well, hopefully not that much, or my brother may be a bloody grandfather in about nine months," Kol quipped.  Klaus scowled and said, "Kol, would you be a good bloke and drive Caroline home. I'd like to have a word here with my boy." "Sure, brother. The two upstairs...Actually, can I have a word in private before I go?" Kol asked scratching his neck nervously.  "Caroline, you can go wait in the Porsche. Kol will be with you in a moment, dear," Klaus said politely.  "Ah, thanks. Tylers, I'll-,  ah, bye," Caroline said walking out, her jacket was buttoned wrong and her scarf askew.  In whispered tones, Kol started to fill in Klaus about the night."Davina went to borrow something and caught Matt and Jeremy watching some horrific porno, it's on my dresser. She saw it and screamed out. I rushed in and caught Jeremy smoking pot from a...bong. I'm sorry, brother, the younger boys were in bed and I was in the shower. I didn't even see these two come in," Kol said gesturing toward the couch where Tyler and Caroline had been using.  "Pot? Again. Kol, what the hell is going on around here? No matter, we shall deal with it. Thank you for driving the Sheriff's daughter home. I suppose I should call her and fill her in," Klaus said.  "No worries, Nik," Kol said grabbing the car keys to Elijah's car and leaving. He was glad to be leaving the chaos.  "Dad! Please, I swear, it's not what you think," Tyler started.  "Were you not copulating on the couch in the great room for the entire family to see?" Klaus said with his eyebrows raised.  "No, I was, but we didn't mean to," Tyler blurted out lamely. This sounded ridiculous even to his ears.  "Okay, son. Let's talk about this later," Klaus murmured looking at his watch. Freya came over and sat by Tyler. "Tyler, did you and Caroline happen to eat the cupcakes on the counter?" Freya asked gently.  "Yeah, it was weird. Car started feeding it to me when we got home and then it was like we couldn't stop ourselves...from you know?," Tyler confessed, his neck growing hot with shame.  "I think you might have gotten wrapped up in a love spell, not meant for you," Freya said looking meaningful at Klaus.  "Davina and Kol?" Klaus guessed.  "I don't know what she was thinking. I'll talk to her. Tyler, honey, I'm sorry if you got caught up in a spell gone wrong," Freya said patting his hand. Klaus was relieved that he hadn't jumped to any conclusions and blasted the boy.He walked up stairs with Tyler to the boys' bedroom. The lights were off. Tyler turned on a dim light and went into the bathroom to take a shower. Matt was snoring softly on the middle bunk, but Jeremy was still awake in the darkness.  "Dad?" Jeremy sniffed.  "Son? Your Uncle Kol told me a little of what happened," Klaus said sitting on the lowest bunk where Jeremy was. "Sorry, I found out that Bonnie is going out with this other guy and I snapped," Jeremy said quietly.  "Why don't you go to sleep and we'll talk about it tomorrow," Klaus said brushing back his hair.  "I thought you would be mad," Jeremy admitted.  "Jeremy, I may sometimes not be happy with your actions, but I am not angry at you. I've gotten upset and destroyed armies in the past, cities, small kingdoms. I will never judge you. However, I think that maybe we need to think about getting you some help for this," Klaus said softly.  "You mean, like therapy?" Jeremy whispered.  "Sweetheart, it's not a horrible idea. Your parents died, Matt's sister..., a lot happened. Would you consider it?" Klaus asked gently.  "Would it get me out of getting my butt handed to me over this?" Jeremy asked hopefully.  "Well, Uncle Elijah did threaten to thrash you for what?  A solid week with a cat-of-nine-tails, did he not? Maybe we can reduce that a tad. Though you know you will still be punished," Klaus assured him.  "Um, what's a cat-of-nine-tails?" Jeremy asked. "Never you mind. What happened with the foul video? Davina saw it, Kol said?" Klaus pressed. "So Bonnie might have mentioned that Davina had some plans for Kol last night and they would be 'busy', I guess that's why we thought we could do whatever and not be caught. Because Uncle Kol would also be occupied," Jeremy admitted.  "I've left you boys home alone before and we've never had a problem. But last night makes me feel like I can't trust you boys anymore. And Jeremy, you know we have talked about those lewd tapes or DVDs, whatever they are, they are really terrible. They promote unsafe sex, violence towards women, and even unrealistic expectations...,I think we need to talk about this more," Klaus started.  "I guess we were just curious. But you're right Dad, it was pretty disturbing. I'm sorry if Davina saw something gross...Dad?" Jeremy asked. "What, Jeremy?" Klaus asked getting up.  "How much trouble am I in?" Jeremy couldn't help himself from asking.  "Jeremy, this isn't the first time you've done this. Like I said I think you need to get some professional help," Klaus repeated. "No, I guess I'm scared because Uncle Elijah said he would take a belt to me every night for a week if he caught me with drugs again, or something like that," Jeremy trembled.  Klaus crouched down and looked him in the eye at the sound of his voice. "Oh Jeremy, I think it is safe to say that is not going to happen. But I do think that you knew better and were testing the limits here. Your uncle was saying is that he takes drugs very seriously. Elijah would never belt anyone every night for a week. Now every other night? Maybe if you went on a murderous rampage and slaughtered a bunch of innocents. But honey, you didn't. We shall talk about it tomorrow. You shall be punished, that is all," Klaus said kissing him goodnight.  Jeremy was still scared, but not as much as before. --------------------"Marcel, go to bed. Let Freya and I talk to her. We'll find out what happened," Rebekah pleaded. "If your brother Kol did something, Bex...," Marcel fumed.  "He wouldn't. I'll get to the bottom of this, or Freya will, with her wooden spoon in hand," Rebekah said watching Freya grab a solid spoon out of the container on the kitchen counter.  "Fine. I trust you. Don't wear D. out too much because if she was planning some funny business the one night we go out, she's going over my knee tomorrow. I mean it, Rebekah," Marcel huffed as he stalked upstairs.  Freya had Davina sitting on the bed in her room. Rebekah went in and joined them.  "Davina, just start from the beginning and tell us what happened," Freya said putting the stout wooden spoon on the bedside table.  Davina flushed, this was the last thing she wanted to share. "So you know I love Kol. He won't touch me or do anything with me and I thought maybe if I seduced him, then he couldn't resist," Davina started.  "Where did you get the spell? The internet?" Freya asked.  Davina nodded. "Young lady, you are lying. Your heart just skipped a beat. Now tell the truth," Rebekah scolded.  "That's not fair! I have no privacy," Davina whined.  Rebekah looked at Freya and sat on the bed. She grabbed Davina and tossed her over his lap as she protested. Davina's long hair touched the floor and she couldn't see. Her face was near the carpet.  Smack. Rebekah gave her a sharp smack on the bare thigh as her short dress rode up. "Bonnie! Bonnie gave me the aphrodisiac cake love spell and the damiana. It was from her Gram's grimoire," Davina shouted now with her hands on the floor and her upturned bottom resting on Rebekah's knee.  Smack! Rebekah swatted the other thigh as encouragement for Davina to continue her story.  "I thought that it wouldn't be that big of a deal, I set the cupcakes for the spell aside. I didn't mean for Tyler and Caroline to eat them," Davina yelled. Smack! Smack! Smack! Rebekah flipped up Davina's dress and was horrified to see the bottom part of a lacy thong-corset set she had purchased, but never wore. "Where did you find this?" Rebekah said in shock.  "I found it in your closet in a bag. The tags were still on it. I didn't think you would mind," Davina said with a squeak as she got another firm swat on her bare right cheek.  Smack. "You didn't think I would mind? Davina, I ought to give you a good spanking just for this. This is stealing and a violation of my privacy! Plus, you have no business wearing anything this...," Rebekah trailed off.  "Slutty?" Davina ground out as she got another smack on the center of her behind. Smack!"Did my brother even know about this? You know, Marcel is ready to kill him," Rebekah said smacking Davina's behind.  Crack! Crack! Crack! "Ouch! Kol didn't know anything about his. I did the spell while he was in the shower. Owww. It's my body, I didn't think it was a big deal," Davina confessed.  "I can spank your behind until you decide to start telling the truth," Rebekah said now steadily swatting the center of Davina's rear.  "Noooo, okay, maybe I shouldn't have done it like this. It hurts," Davina gasped. She couldn't bring her hands up, but she started to try to move her hips and legs to avoid the rapidly increasing sting.  Rebekah began to spank all over until the exposed areas were a light pink. She was just warming her up for Freya's wooden spoon. She stood up Davina and held her arms to her side.  "Now, Freya is going to deal with you using your magic improperly.  Let's get this dress off," Rebekah said. Davina was wearing the lingerie set that she had purchased and never wore. She pulled Davina's dress off and flushed herself to see the lace corset and thong on Davina.  "Good lord, if Marcel would see you in this," Rebekah muttered. "Now, over my knee. You might as well leave that thing on, it's not protecting much of your backside anyway," Freya said picking up the spoon.  As soon as Rebekah let go of her, Davina's hands went to her bottom.  "Please, no more! I'm sorry.  My backside is burning. I shouldn't have taken this out of your closet. Freya, sorry about the magic, I don't need a spanking," Davina whined. Freya put the wooden spoon down to the left of her and reached out and pulled Davina into position.  Rebekah ordered her to give her her hands.  Davina started wailing as she realized that Freya was not going to go easy on her with the spoon.  "You can kick, but try to stay in position. Every time I pop you, I want you to think of why we don't do spells without everyone's consent," Freya said picking up the flat wooden spoon. Swat! Swat! Freya began to spank from side to side in the center of each cheek. A burst of pink appeared on each spot where the spoon smacked.  Rebekah held Davina's hands and her head on her lap. Freya was not smacking down hard, but flicking her wrist. Davina was sobbing and starting to kick out her legs more and more.  "Anything you want to say?" Freya said lowering the spoon to the crease where her bottom met her thighs. She tapped the spoon.  "I was wrong. I shouldn't have done it without letting Kol know. S-sorry, I shouldn't have left the cupcakes out," Davina wailed.  Freya popped the spoon down on the tops of Davina's thighs until she struggled and kicked her feet up and down.  "Did you use ingredients out of our magic store without telling me?" Freya asked still paddling Davina with little cracks of the spoon. "Yes! S-sorry!" Davina yelled out trying to shift off of Frey'a lap. The spoon was leaving red splotches, but Freya felt like she didn't make her point yet. She put down the spoon and rubbed her hand over Davina's sore cheeks.  "Honey, we know you love Kol but to try to use your magic like this to seduce him into doing something he was asked not to do is wrong. Do you understand that?" Freya asked. "Y-yes, I-I didn't think of i-it that w-way," Davina admitted.  "Well, hopefully this will remind you next time," Freya said glancing at Rebekah, who nodded.  Freya brought the flat of her hand down smartly on the center of Davina's backside. She made sure to cover the entire surface evenly with smacks and then targeted the tops of her thighs. Davina tried to shift and move, but Rebekah was still holding her hands. To Davina, it felt like the hard whacks would have propelled her further up on Freya's lap if Rebekah wasn't holding her. Her begging and pleading for the spanking to stop fell on deaf ears. Freya spanked her for another minute, which felt like much longer to the now chastened girl. Davina's backside was a dull red when Freya stopped. She shook out the ache and numbness in her hand. "S-sorry, I won't do it a-again," Davina sobbed. Freya pulled her up with Rebekah's help. She still had the corset thong outfit on. Rebekah vamped up to get her some proper bedtime attire while Freya marched her over to the corner. Freya wiped off her tear filled face and smoothed back her hair.  "I want your hands on your head. Any rubbing and that will be another spanking. Stand still," Freya warned examining Davina's glowing bottom. She went into her bathroom and pulled out some healing salve.  Rebekah came back and Freya handed her the salve.  Rebekah gently applied it as Davina stood in the corner whimpering. It would take a moment to soak in and began to take the edge off the throbbing.  "I'm taking down these," Rebekah said asking Davina to step out of the thong and put on her cotton underwear. She whined and stomped her feet as the fabric clung to her aching behind. Rebekah slipped up her p.j.s and then helped her out of the corset and into a comfortable matching t-shirt. Freya went to take a shower.  "Okay, come here," Rebekah said, hugging Davina. "S-sorry," Davina sobbed into Rebekah's shoulder.  "I forgive you. You still have some apologies to make, young lady. Tyler, Caroline, Kol, and Marcel is probably going to spank your sore fanny tomorrow, missy," Rebekah warned.  "N-noo, I just got two spankings. I l-learned my lesson," Davina argued. Rebekah swatted her the top of her thigh. Davina rubbed the spot with one hand.  "I just gave you a little warm up because Freya gave you the spoon for misusing your magic. Marcel is going to deal with everything else. He's very upset, Davina. You know how hard he tries to protect you," Rebekah scolded.   "I know," Davina nodded.  "Okay, come on. I'm putting you to bed after you brush your teeth and wash your face again. I love you, Davina," Rebekah said with her finger under her chin.  "I love you, too," Davina admitted. Her backside was aching and sore, but she knew it would all work out in the end. She hoped Kol didn't know she was getting spanked, but it was hard to keep secrets in this place. She also wondered if Tyler and Caroline would be mad.  What a disaster!
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday nightMarcel came in Davina's room while she was brushing her teeth in the attached bathroom. Rebekah came out. "Kol didn't seem to know anything about it. Oh Marcel, she must have gone through my things. She had on that ridiculous corset thing I bought, that I never wore...," Rebekah whispered.  "What? Are you serious? What was she thinking?" Marcel growled back. He was almost disappointed that he couldn't blame Kol. He would have liked to have someone to blame, to pound, to scream at. He couldn't do that to Davina, though he thought she still have a few things to answer for.  "I don't know. She's in love. I spent 52 years in a box for you," Rebekah smiled kissing him.  Davina came back in and teared up when she saw Marcel. "D., you okay, sweetheart?" Marcel said holding out his arms.  Davina came over and let him hug her. "Let's get you in bed," Rebekah said.  Davina winced but first got in on her back and flipped to her side. Freya's salve did work wonders, but she still felt a residual sting.  "Shh, shut your eyes. We don't have to talk about anything, tomorrow will come soon enough," Marcel said quietly, sitting on the side of her bed. Rebekah tiptoed out leaving them alone. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Saturday morningTyler dreamt of running with a wolf pack. But in the dream, he had a mate and two little wolf pups. They ran, nipped each other, fed. He knew the full moon was coming up. He hadn't talked to his dad about if they were going to turn again. But now, he was wondering if he had gotten Caroline pregnant. In the haze of the love spell, he remembered her saying something about condoms, but then it was too late. God, what if turned Car into a werewolf? And a mother. Really, this was all Davina's fault. Plus, that video that she busted Jer and Matt watching was his and he had gotten Jeremy the weed. He was so dead. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah got up early the next morning to make breakfast. Everyone else was still sleeping. He had picked up on the events of the night before but had gone to bed with Vanessa right after they got home after talking to Niklaus. His mind went to sex, drugs, and pornography that seemed to explode the one night the adults went out.  Navigating these teen years were so different. It used to be that people would work, marry, go to war at 15, 16, or 17. Now, people were considered children until what? 25-30? So many new pressures and influences, he feared for when Henrik and Finn were older. It was hard to protect them when the dangers were everywhere.  Elijah had promised to used his belt on the boys if they did drugs again. Perhaps Niklaus would deal with this, though. He knew he hadn't liked the idea of it ever, it may have been too harsh. Or maybe it reminded him of Mikael's whip from long ago. They had both agreed that perhaps some therapy would not be a bad idea. Jeremy was not a stupid kid, yet it seemed that this was a cry for help or attention. He would get both.  Freya woke up next and started to help him. She filled him in on Davina. "I"m really proud of Kol. God, do you think that spell would have worked on him, though?" Elijah wondered. "She's a Harvest girl, brother. She is powerful. It could have turned out differently.  I think Marcel's going to try to drive that point home on her behind today," Freya said stirring batter for her muffins.  "It's funny to me to see him being the disciplinarian now after so many years of me taking him to task. Always so stubborn, so clever. Freya, I wish you had been wish us the years we were in New Orleans. They were a happy, lively time.  A more innocent time, but yet, we were incomplete as a family. Sometimes here, I do not know what to do," Elijah said slicing strawberries. "What do you mean, Elijah? You always seem to know the right thing to do," Freya inquired. Elijah lowered his voice, "Jeremy was smoking marijuana again last night, Matt and Jeremy were viewing some awful pornographic video after I've talked to them about that several times. I threatened Jeremy that I would thrash him if he brought drugs in this house again...,"  Tyler padded down in his bare feet. He had on gray sweat pants and was putting on a white t-shirt before coming into the kitchen."Thank you for dressing for breakfast, nephew," Elijah smiled. "You're welcome," Tyler grimaced. "What's wrong, honey? Is it what happened last night? I told you, that really wasn't your fault," Freya said wiping off her hands on a tea towel. "I didn't sleep too well. It's not just that. I guess I had nightmares. But that video and the dope was my fault. I wanted to tell Dad last night but...," Tyler drifted off.  "What, Tyler?" Elijah prompted evenly.  "I didn't know that Matt and Jer got caught. Then, they told me not to say anything. But Uncle Elijah, I don't want them to get in trouble for stuff that was my fault," Tyler said in a quieter tone. Freya excused herself to go see if the younger boys were up.  "Tyler, I can almost understand the X-rated video due to curiosity. But the drugs? I thought we dealt with all that," Elijah said putting down his knife on the cutting board. He came over and sat down by Tyler on the kitchen island.  Tyler looked down, "There's a part of me that sometimes just likes to see what I can get away with. I don't think of the consequences or who it's going to hurt. I'm just a terrible person." Elijah gently cupped his face, "Hey, I don't want to hear you talking like that. We all love you very much. I am proud of you for taking responsibility for your actions, even when you know you will get punished. The young man who first came here, would not have done that. You put yourself on the line for your friends and family. That's not what a terrible person does."  "Thanks for saying that," Tyler responded.  "Now, help me cut some of this fruit up. We were planning to take Finn and Henrik out today to see that movie they wanted to see and maybe to the Grill after. I was going to see if you older boys wanted to come," Elijah said patting his hand. "Thanks, but I'd rather just talk to Dad and just it over with," Tyler grimaced.  "Tyler, you know we brought this up before, but would you be willing to talk to someone? A professional? About what you were telling me about?" Elijah asked gently, giving him a paring knife and a bowl of fruit to cut. "You mean a shrink? No way," Tyler scoffed. "Alright, it's just a suggestion. I think I hear your father. Just tell him what you told me," Elijah said. Klaus greeted his brother with a smile and kissed Tyler on the head as was his habit. "Hey Dad," Tyler flushed. "Tyler, it's okay," Elijah encouraged. Elijah went up to see to the younger boys and try to rouse the older ones for breakfast. Tyler told Klaus exactly what he had told Elijah. Klaus was disappointed. "Oh Tyler, I am glad that you told me, truly. I think one solid week without electronics will do for the filthy video. For the drugs, you and Jeremy and I are going to have a longer chat," Klaus warned. "Will this chat end up with us having red asses and crying like little girls?" Tyler quipped. "In a word, yes. But I think you knew that," Klaus said putting him into a loose head lock."And one week? Is that phones and video games? Dad, that's a lot. No movies?" Tyler argued. "I have a good mind to pull that t.v. out of your room altogether. I know it's a lot and I don't like punishing you at all. But why you would have that wretched video at all is beyond me. This constant pushing of the limits has got to stop," Klaus said firmly. Tyler nodded. At first it didn't seem like a big deal but no electronics was torture for him, he lost his phone, computer, video games, tv, and music. He wasn't a big reader, but at least he had sports and working out to fall back on. "Finish cutting whatever you are doing for Elijah. I'll take your phone now and I'm going to go talk to Matt and Jeremy now. We'll talk after breakfast. Almost everyone is going out today anyway, okay? I love you, Tyler. I'm not going to let you act up just because you are bored and wanted a thrill," Klaus said.Tyler wondered why he did the stupid things he did. At the time they seemed like good ideas. He didn't even mention to his dad the unprotected sex he had been having with Caroline.  Klaus came in when Matt was finishing getting dressed. Jeremy was still sleeping."Hey Dad, I'm not sure I like that look," Matt admitted."You probably won't like what I have to say," Klaus retorted. "About the video and last night?" Matt asked. "Matthew, what if Finn and Henrik would have seen what Davina saw, hmm? You boys watching it is bad enough, but they are easily disturbed by even cartoon movies," Klaus offered. "Oh god, I never thought of it. Dad, I'm sorry about it," Matt said glumly."Tyler said it was his," Klaus threw out.Matt nodded."All three of you are on no electronics for one week: no phones, tv., games, nothing," Klaus revealed. Matt responded, "Okay." He handed Klaus his phone and headed downstairs. "Jeremy, son, are you hearing this?" Klaus said calling the half-asleep boy. "Yeah, Dad," Jeremy said turning over again. "No, up. Breakfast is almost ready," Klaus said going over to his bunk."Please, Dad, let me sleep. I can't face this day," Jeremy whined. "I wasn't going to light up your butt until after breakfast but I guess I can get a head start," Klaus said flipping Jeremy on his stomach and smacking his backside lightly. "Stop! Please!" Jeremy laughed. Klaus tickled him for a minute, before he finally said he would get up."So no electronic and a spanking after breakfast?" Jeremy asked."Plus, you will go see this new therapist,"Klaus maintained. "Ughhh," Jeremy groaned. "Up, I mean it," Klaus growled, smacking Jeremy again when he make no move to get up."Fine!" Jeremy cried and rolled out of bed. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^After the events of the night before, Marcel and Rebekah decided to let Davina sleep through breakfast. On the way down, Marcel ran into Kol. "Hey, man," Marcel said slowing.  "How's she doing?" Kol asked quickly. "D.? I think she's learning a pretty good lesson about how not to use her magic. I'm going to have a little talk with her today, but you know she will be fine," Marcel shared.  Kol's face was strained, "Marcel, I feel like this is my fault. Maybe I misled her..." "Kol, I actually wanted to apologize because I blamed you and it seems like you did the right thing. I guess it would have been easier for me to be pissed at you, than her. But man, thanks for being strong. I, we, really appreciate it," Marcel avowed.  "Of course, mate. Can I talk to her today, though? Just a few minutes?" Kol begged.  "Yeah, maybe this afternoon. She's still sleeping," Marcel said, satisfied that he had said what he needed to say. "Thanks," Kol said as they continued downstairs. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Elijah, Vanessa, Freya, the younger boys, and Matt were out for the day. Klaus went to his room and put the boys' mobile phones in a drawer that he kept locked. Klaus really did hate cutting off their electronics, but the boys could always call other family members from home phone. The boys did tend to go outside more, but they also were more difficult to deal with when they weren't permitted to watch tv or kill things in their games. They also argued and were bored and restless, so who really got tortured here more? Klaus' thoughts were broken by a soft knock.  "Come in," Klaus called, pulling out the key to his locked drawer. "Just us, reporting for, well, you know," Jeremy stammered.  "Yes, I am aware of what you two are reporting here for," Klaus said giving them a stern look. "Let's sit so I can lecture you until you are begging me to thrash you and end the tongue lashing," Klaus quipped indicating the couch area.  Tyler gulped and Jeremy just looked depressed. "First of all, you are lucky that you didn't get arrested, Tyler. How would that look for your mother? The son of Mayor Lockwood buying drugs? Did you consider that?" Klaus prodded.  Tyler hadn't.  "No, I never thought about it," Tyler admitted.  "Boys, what I am trying to get through to you is that your actions don't always just affect you. Jeremy, your sister, how would she feel? Jenna? Alaric? You know they worry," Klaus went on. "Dad, I already said I'd go to therapy. I don't know what else I can say," Jeremy said impatiently.  "Well, you have said that you were sorry and wouldn't do it again and yet here we are. Okay, I think my hand against your backsides may do more good than this. Who's first?" Klaus asked.  "I guess I'll go since I bought the weed, this time," Tyler offered.  "Jeremy, you can take off your trousers and go stand in the corner. Tyler. over by the bed please," Klaus said with authority.  Jeremy took off his shorts and laid them over the chair. By this point, he knew arguing was pointless. He had a t-shirt on, but was still ashamed that he would have to stand in the corner with his briefs covered butt showing. If he whined about it, he would be standing there with a bare red butt, so he figured he was getting a little smarter.  Klaus put the key to his drawer on his dresser and opened the drawer as Tyler stood there awkwardly waiting to be soundly spanked.  Klaus took out a 1/2 thick rectangular paddle with holes drilled in it. Tyler's eyes widened.  "Oh yes, this was a gift from Alaric, an old school paddle. Another relic he found in the school historical storage. Not used since 1989 apparently at Mystic Falls High School, but we shall remedy this today while we take care of your misbehaviors," Klaus said hefting the paddle.  "Gee, remind us to thank Alaric for the gift, for the old school paddle...I really like the holes," Tyler grumbled. "Sweatpants off," Klaus said. Tyler also wisely kept his mouth shut and took off his pants, unable to stop eyeing that paddle. Holes! Really. A part of him wanted to go over and slug Jeremy for getting caught and also Davina for...Ugh, he was a jerk. It wasn't her fault. "Tyler, come on, don't dally. Over my lap," Klaus said taking his arm. Tyler got over Klaus' knee and just hoped this would be over quickly.  Klaus rested his hand over Tyler's white briefs. Tyler folded his arms under his head and steeled himself. "Okay, let's get this taken care of, shall we?" Klaus said. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Klaus swatted Tyler's backside across both cheeks hard. The sensation was shocking and for a moment Tyler couldn't breath. He tried to move off Klaus's lap, but his left arm just tightened as the next swift volley of cracks descended.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! "Dad! P-please," he gasped, tapping his feet against the bed. Anything to alleviate the sting. He couldn't take it.  Klaus walloped him firmly for another twenty spanks or so and then gave him a break. Tears were dripping down his face from the sudden shock and pain of it all. Tyler cried into his elbow as his backside felt like it was being set ablaze.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! "Son, breath. I want to make sure that you do not even look at drugs again, no less buy them for your brother," Klaus said patting his behind and then whisking his underpants down to his knees.  "S-Sorry, Dad, no more," Tyler moaned, starting to sob louder as he felt his behind stripped bare.  Klaus saw that Tyler's backside was getting red. He leaned over and grabbed the healing salve. He quickly applied it. He gently rubbed into the sore rear end in front of him. Klaus knew the holes on the paddle were sanded to not cut or injure, but the salve couldn't hurt.  "A little more to go," Klaus reassured him bringing his hand down lighter and slower.  "I am very proud of you for admitting everything, and after this spanking and a few whacks with the paddle. All is forgiven," Klaus said softly.  Smack...Smack...Smack...Smack...Smack... For Tyler, the slower spanks still burned fiercely and he could not keep still. Klaus lowered his hand and tightened his hold on Tyler's waist. Fearing what this meant, Tyler sucked in his breath and tensed. Klaus swatted down on the area where Tyler's backside and thighs met until the area was pink.  Klaus stopped and gave him a minute to calm down and breath evenly.  "Tyler, I want you to change places with Jeremy. Then, I'm going to give you both five good swats with the paddle and we're all done. No rubbing," Klaus said, helping him up. Tyler's face needed wiped. Klaus used a tissue to wipe it. Tyler tried to protect his modesty in the front, Klaus turned him a second to check his bright red backside.  "Sweetheart, I did spank you harder because remember you will heal faster with your werewolf healing. But I want you to remember the stinging you feel now the next time you are tempted to do something for the thrill," Klaus said giving him a hardy swat.  "Ouch!" Tyler yelped, his hands moving back as he stomped his feet. Klaus marched him physically over to the corner with a few more smacks to his thighs until he placed his hands on his head.  "Jeremy, bed, please," Klaus said, moving Tyler closer to the corner. Klaus followed the small procedure with Jeremy and spanked him over his briefs hard. He didn't use as much force as he would not heal as fast. Klaus then took down his underpants and administered the rest of the warm up on his bare behind. Jeremy wailed and cried until his backside was red and his thighs were pink. Klaus also gave him a coating of salve. Klaus picked up the hefty paddle and asked both boys to go to the couch.  He bend them both over the back so that their hands rested on the seat cushion.  "Daddy, p-please, it already hurts. We're s-sorry," Tyler wailed. Klaus felt like his buttocks were already healing faster than he imagined. Klaus randomly swatted him ten times as Tyler stomped and cried, but stayed in position.  "I'm glad you are sorry. Now, hush, it's almost over," Klaus reassured them.  Jeremy whimpered, "Dad, Dadddd, we won't do it again. Come on."  Klaus smacked his behind four times.  "One more word out of either of you and I'm going to paddle you again tonight before bed. Now settle down," Klaus threatened.  He lined the paddle up against Jeremy's lower cheeks. The footlong blade covered Jeremy's whole backside. Klaus snapped it down.  Pop! Jeremy's head raised up and he let out a wail. Klaus pushed him down with his left hand. Klaus could see white marks where the holes were. Pop! "Arggh" Jeremy cried, he pounded his fists a little on the cushions. Pop!Pop!"Owwwwwww," Jeremy wailed stomping. Jeremy felt like a thousand hornet's stung him at the same time.Pop!"All done, sweetheart," Klaus said checking his bare behind. It looked red and blotchy, he could see no bruises were forming.  "Tyler, five. Still," Klaus ordered.  Pop! Tyler's also raised up his head and hissed.  Pop! Pop! Tyler put down his head and wept saying incoherent words.  Pop! Klaus was swatting him harder, leaving a red mark where it had impacted. Pop! Klaus brought the paddle down sharply and Tyler gasped and lay limply over the couch. Klaus could see small circular marks and bruises, he knew they would fade from his healing. He ran his fingers over them and shut his eyes.  "Finished, boys. Stay there a moment," Klaus said. He wanted to burn this paddle in his fireplace, but he knew he needed to encourage them to behave. This was after all, the second offense. They could have faced a week of every other night with the strap, as they were threatened. Klaus had considered other punishments, but the last time they were grounded, it seemed like a joke to him. Unless he put them in the dungeons down below, restricting them to the house was not that bad.  Klaus glanced at the clock, it was barely noon, but he felt tired. He turned down his large bed under the goose feather down comforter. He got two linen cloths and wet them slightly. The boys had both kicked off or lost their underwear at some point.  Klaus went off to the couch."Okay, luvs, you can get up," Klaus almost whispered.  Before he could even wipe away their tears or smooth their hair back, Klaus embraced both of them.  With one boy under each arm, he steered them over to the bed.  He knew he wore them both out as neither complained. Klaus got in and arranged his boys around him on their sides. He covered them all up and wiped their faces with the cloth. "I love you. I know that smarted, but I think you both shall live," Klaus smiled.  "It did. Jer, sorry about all this, but if you tell anyone about this...I'll kill you," Tyler promised.  Klaus went to tap his thigh over the comforter.  "What? Embarrassed to tell the blokes at school that your father loves you so much?" Klaus asked archly.  "No, but I am embarrassed that I have a red ass and no pants on now and I'm in bed with two guys," Tyler joked.  "Ty, you know me, who am I gonna tell? Bonnie? I think she's in some trouble with Freya, to tell you the truth," Jeremy shared.  "Really? Boys, let's let witch business, stay witch business...But I would never want to vex your Aunt Freya, or your Aunt Rebekah, for that matter," Klaus confessed.  "Dad, I hope that Davina gets a taste of the old school nightmare paddle. I mean, it's not really fair what she did," Tyler groused.  "Tyler, as far as I know she will be punished for her misdeed, but I'm sure not with that rather nasty paddle. I know you may be angry because she burst in and got the two of you reported, but I think in a sense she prevented more trouble," Klaus said carefully.  "What do you mean, Dad?" Jeremy said. "Well, if Davina hadn't have caught you how many more times would you have smoked or down other things you shouldn't have done?" Klaus postulated.  "I guess I shouldn't be mad, but I am," Tyler admitted.  "Tyler, she ought to apologize, but even if she doesn't, sometimes we have to forgive our family. My siblings have forgiven me for things that I cannot even ever forgive myself for. Now, enough, you two rest unless you need me to warm up your backsides some more," Klaus said lightly.  "No, Dad, we'll sleep. We can't do anything else anyway," Tyler complained.  "That can easily become two weeks without electronics," Klaus threatened.  Tyler groaned and flipped over on his stomach. "Dad, you can't do that," Tyler snarled. Klaus couldn't help but flip up the blanket smack him one more time on his bare backside. Tyler squealed in mock pain, but he was almost completely healed.  Jeremy scowled as his rear end felt achy and sore. Klaus caught his eye and bit into his wrist. "Just a few drops to even you out with Tyler's healing," Klaus said. Jeremy drank a small amount of blood and instantly felt himself heal. Klaus flipped up the blanket on his side whacked him.  "Now go to sleep," Klaus said as they all laughed. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Saturday AfternoonElijah was glad they took the boys out to a kid themed place for the afternoon. They decided to save the movie for later in the week because the boys wanted to see it with their "Uncle Kol." For Elijah, it was a nightmare of clowns, animatronics, and candy but the boys had fun. Vanessa and Freya and Elijah talked while Matt ran around with the boys. He was a good sport and took them around the place playing games. Elijah knew it was time to go when Henrik cried over losing the claw game. Both boys got some junk as prizes and seemed happy with it. Elijah forced Matt to take a fifty dollar bill to put in his wallet. Matt tried to refuse, but Elijah would not take no for an answer.  Kol drove out to Steven's Quarry, right outside Mystic Falls. He thought of the day he killed and made Vanessa. He recalled of all the times he roamed the world looking for a magic to subdue his hybrid brother. He thought of the fun they used to have wrecking havoc on villagers the first few centuries after they were made, just him and Nik. Sometimes Bex. Then, they seemed to get more of a handle on things and he just never did. Kol parked and walked by the quarry and tried to think about anything other than Davina.  He wanted to consummate their relationship also, but he could wait for her, however long he needed to. Kol knew time for her was different. She had died and wanted to live in the moment. From a mile or so away, Kol heard a hunter or fisherman, he listened to the heartbeat, he figured he could feed and compel the person. There were more than one. He needed a drink.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Marcel had to make a couple of phone calls before talking to Davina. He was still a little worked up about it, but he felt like he was calm enough to deal with her rationally. Having the 3rd floor to themselves was a lifesaver on days like this. Rebekah had told Davina she was to stay in her room until he came in to think about what she had done. Rebekah had even brought her a breakfast tray up to her after she woke up.  Marcel knocked and walked in.  "Hey D.," Marcel said smiling a little.  "Hey," Davina snapped back.  "Sweetheart, can we just talk? I just want to make sure that what happened last night doesn't happen again," Marcel explained calmly. "What's the point? You're just going to beat me anyway, right? So why even discuss it? You guys are acting like I killed someone! It was a little love spell gone wrong," Davina justified.  "Davina, you know I would never beat you, but I'm not sure I have made my point about how wrong last night was. Last night, when we came home from the charity event, Tyler and Caroline were in a compromising position on the couch-naked. It was pretty clear they had just eaten the cupcakes and there was a trail of clothes all the way to the couch," Marcel informed her.  "Really? A trail of clothes...Oh my god," Davina laughed a little, but then sobered up. "And you do owe them an apology for starters, Kol, too," Marcel remarked. "How can I apologize if I am trapped in my room? And Rebekah took my phone and laptop! Marcel, I'm sorry but I'm not used to this," Davina uttered.  "What, D.? Discipline? Honey, no one likes getting yelled at, or grounded, or getting their butt heated up, but folks do it because they care. Come on, we've talked about this before," Marcel said coming to sit on the bed next to her. Davina nodded, "I know that's true. I don't mean to be such a brat, but I just came back and I want to live every moment. I don't want to wait. I want to experience everything now. I want Kol now and he will barely..." "I get that, but you are not to use your magic for things like this. You could have caused big problems like me trying to kill Kol last night and he can't be killed! Your spell was very powerful, what if two people who weren't a couple ate the cupcakes? D., just promise me, you will cool it with Kol and not do anymore crazy spells like this," Marcel begged.  Davina nodded, "I won't. Does this mean I'm not getting spanked?" Marcel held her arm and walked her over to the make up table. He sat down and after turning the chair around, flipped her over his knees. "Does this answer your question?" Marcel asked.  Davina had to either hold on to Marcel's leg or the leg of the chair, her legs were in the air. She gripped his leg tightly.  Davina was clad in her jeans and a t-shirt, so she figured that would give her some protection.   "Yes, but I already got smacked twice last night by Rebekah and Freya. Freya used a wooden spoon and it hurt! And I walked in on Jeremy doing drugs and Matt and him watching porn. I'm a victim here, too," Davina whined.  "I'm sorry you had to see that. But I want to know why you thought it was okay to go through Rebekah's closet and help yourself, in addition to doing the whole spell thing in the first place," Marcel said firmly.  Davina had no good answer. She braced herself for what was coming. Smack! "Ouch. I don't know. Okay?" Davina wailed. The crack to the center of her cheeks jarred her forward a bit. Marcel's arm was encircling her waist and he pulled it tighter. She whimpered and then bit her lip. Smack! "Marcel, that hurts. My butt is still sore from that spoon," Davina declared. She was fibbing a little, but he didn't need to know that.  Smack.  Marcel stopped listening to her whining and gave her another whack. Crack! Davina couldn't let go of his leg, but she began to kick out her own as he swatted her again. Whap. "Arrrrrr. Stop," Davina yelled. She was feeling some heat, but nothing like last night. Smack. Marcel paused and braced himself to keep going. He was using very little of his strength. It was hard for him to know how hard to be on a human. He didn't want to hurt her. He really just wanted to get her attention so she didn't pull this crap again. The outcome of the spell could have been much worse.  Crack! "Tell me I won't have to do this again. Honey, we need to be able to trust you. Be smart about things... If you aren't sure, ask," Marcel said.  "I will. I will. I'm s-sorry," Davina cried.  Spank! Spank! Spank! "Okay, then, all forgotten," Marcel said stopping. He let her up. She had a few tears of frustration running down her face. Although she had only gotten a few whacks, they still stung, a little.  "D., look, I...," Marcel started, starting to reach out for her.  "Marcel, you made your point. I just want to be alone," Davina said going over to her bed and throwing herself down face forward. This whole thing was just a disaster.  "Okay, we can talk later," Marcel said. He knew she hated him now. Marcel would talk to her later and see how she was. He felt the urge to talk to Klaus, he might know what Marcel should do. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Jeremy and Tyler got dressed and went downstairs went they got up from their little nap to get something to eat. Elijah had brought home an extra pizza for them. Tyler did flush when he thought of others finding out about them cuddling with their dad, but he didn't think Jer would say anything. He didn't like getting his ass handed to him in any way, but after always made him feel 'warm and fuzzy' in a way he never felt before. He felt grateful for this family as he pictured the alternative: him alone in the huge Lockwood mansion alone all the time.  "What's wrong, man?" Jeremy asked elbowing him.  "Nothing," Tyler said, swiping a tear away quickly as they walked into the kitchen. "Thanks, Uncle Elijah. You didn't have to do that," Jeremy said gratefully.  "Well, we missed you at the Fun Palace. It wasn't really my style of fun, but the boys liked it. Hmm, Matt?" Elijah said.  "Heck yeah, we did awesome at skeet ball but the claw ticked off the little dudes. Did we miss anything exciting here?" Matt asked.  "Oh yeah, Alaric gave Dad a beautiful historic relic that we got to experience," Tyler smirked.  "Cool, do I get to see it? What's a relic, by the way?" Matt asked.  Jeremy laughed, "Stop, man. No, Matt, you don't want to. It's an old school paddle with holes in it. Like the real deal. Let's put it this way. I had to get some blood after to get healed." Matt cringed,"Never mind then. I'm going to go down and work out. You guys want to meet me after you eat?" "Yeah, we can't do anything else. No electronics remember," Tyler yelled. Elijah scolded, "Well, I hope you two learned your lesson. I'm going to go help Vanessa with the boys." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"In the beds, come on. You are both tired," Vanessa said sitting on the edge of Henrik's bed.  "I'm not tired," Henrik said. "Well, just rest anyway, okay. I'm tired," Vanessa admitted.  "Vanessa, I don't feel so good," Finn whined.  "You know, I didn't think all that ice cream was a good idea," she frowned going over to him.  "What's wrong?" Elijah asked. "I think Finn might throw up," Vanessa said.  "Oh my, Finn, let me take you to the bathroom," Elijah said carrying him. Marcel came in to see how the outing was. He talked to Henrik and Vanessa a while and then asked if they saw Klaus.  "I'm right here, Son," Klaus said. "Papa, can I talk to you?" Marcel asked quietly.  "Of course, in my study?" Klaus asked ushering him into the second floor office.  "So I talked to Father Kieran, the human faction leader in the Quarter this morning. He's a great guy. He mentioned that his niece Camille, has a practice set up not all that far from here. She's not a substance abuse specialist per say, but she's an adolescent psychologist. Here, he gave me her number," Marcel said gruffly.  "That's great. Now what's wrong, Son? And do not dare tell me nothing," Klaus ordered.  Marcel bit his lip as he was about to say, "Nothing."  "It's Davina. That stunt she pulled last night...I wanted to be mad at Kol, but Klaus, he's done everything we asked and more. Freya and Rebekah spanked her last night. I tried to set her straight today and I'm just not sure I got through to her," Marcel admitted. "Did you consider maybe this therapist for Davina?" Klaus asked gently.  "Maybe? Klaus, I put her over my knee and tapped her maybe ten times over her jeans, not hard. She couldn't even look at me after. Maybe I should have left it go, but I'm afraid if I didn't nip this in the bud, it would happen again," Marcel fumed pacing in the small study.  "Son, here, have a drink. Do you think maybe you went too easy on her? I know it's harder with humans, they are so delicate," Klaus said handing Marcel a glass with amber liquid in it.  "I don't know. Maybe. She brought up the drugs and that porno and said I should spare her because she was a victim," Marcel laughed a little.  "Well, I didn't spare those miscreants of mine. It's different though because Tyler is now a fast healer. I even took pity on Jeremy and gave him a little of my blood after seeing how fast Tyler was healing. In addition to the spanking I gave Jeremy and Tyler, all three have lost all electronics for the week. I mean to have no mercy on them this time: no phones, tv, laptops, anything for that video incident," Klaus commented taking another drink.  "Whoa, that's harsh to these kids, I'm not sure they can live without these games and phones. Can we even enforce this, I mean with all the tvs around here?" Marcel mused.  "I really don't know what else to do with them. Grounding them just punishes the entire family and they are so miserable that I'd probably end up hiding them anyway. But just so you know, Tyler and Jeremy will be apologizing to Davina about the video, too," Klaus added.  "Well, she owes Tyler a huge apology, and Kol too, really. I'll leave that one up to them," Marcel said.  "Marcellus, just give Davina time. She just came back from the dead and is in love. Mistakes are bound to be made. She won't stay angry at you for long. I hate to bring up all the things you and my dear sister did while you were sneaking around behind my back, or thought you were. I will call this, ah, Dr. O'Connell, for Jeremy and see what she thinks. Thank you," Klaus said.  Marcel smirked, "What do you mean 'thought you were'? We thought we were pretty slick for a couple of years.""Son, I am sorry, but you weren't. I suppose true love cannot be hidden or repressed. Say, where is Kol?" Klaus wondered. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Kol pulled the Porsche into the driveway. He had always liked fast cars.  He had gotten a few drops of blood on his collar.  Hopefully, he could sneak in and take a shower before anyone smelled the hobo on him. He had feed off of two men and an older lady. He preferred younger, fresher blood untainted by medication and...age.  He let himself into the kitchen. No one was there and he washed his hands and started for the stairs when he ran into Davina.  "Hey darling, how are you?" Kol asked taking her face in his hands.  "Kol," she wept, burying her face in his jacket. "Is that blood? Where were you?" Davina asked. "I went to the quarry. Don't worry, luv. I compelled them after. I was worried bloody sick about you," Kol admitted. He pulled her into the dining room. It was dim and they sat at the end of the large table.  "I'm sorry. I don't know what I was thinking. You should be pissed at me. I could have made a mess of everything," Davina cried. "Davina, I am not angry with you at all. I've told you some of the things I've done in the past and you never judged me. I know you've heard stories about me. Darling, you could burn down a continent and I wouldn't question you," Kol pledged.  "But this time, it was your family. I had no right to meddle. Kol, it's okay for you to not like everything I do. Just because of your past, doesn't mean that I can become a monster and you have to accept it," Davina added.  He guessed she had a point. "Okay, fine. But I figured you already got raked over the coals around here. I don't want to add to it. They weren't too hard on you, were they?" Kol asked with concern.  "Um, Freya and her spoon are brutal. I'm afraid that she's going to go after Bonnie for giving me her Gram's spell. Rebekah took my phone so I can't call her. Marcel barely smacked me this morning, but Kol, I am so pissed at him. I don't even know why. I know he is just trying to protect me," Davina admitted.  "I'm sorry, darling. Our family is so old-fashioned and maybe archaic, but you know they love you. When you were gone, everyone was disconsolate, as I was. I really never even saw that side of Marcel before, he was a little, defeated. I never thought I'd hear myself say this, but cut him a break... Someone's coming. Here's my phone to call Bonnie. Just give it to me later," Kol said vamping out after kissing her cheek.  Davina took the phone and felt ashamed. She knew they suffered when she was gone and if it wasn't for them, she'd be at the mercy of her old coven. She called Bonnie and left a message.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Bennett Residence, Mystic FallsLater that afternoon"Bonnie, it's just that fact that neither one of you girls thought this through. Sex magic can be very powerful," Freya explained.  "I know. I'm sorry. I forget sometimes how strong Davina is.  I really didn't think of the consequences," Bonnie replied.  "I know. All I'm asking is that next time, you think it through," Freya repeated.  "I will. Is that all?" Bonnie asked surprised.  "Yes, why? You didn't think I was going to..." Freya started.  "Well, kind of. I mean if Grams was still here, she probably wouldn't be real proud of me," Bonnie confessed. "Oh Bonnie, from what I know of Sheila Bennett, she would be very proud of you. Hon, we all make mistakes. God knows that I've made my share. But you have me and people around you who love you a lot," Freya said grabbing her hand and squeezing it.  "I know, it's just I'm older than Davina. I should have known better. Caroline is freaking out because she is between birth control pills and they didn't use any protection," Bonnie said tearfully.  Freya was a little alarmed at this, but didn't let it show. "Bonnie, if you hadn't given Davina the spell, she could have found another one, you know that right?" Freya pressed.  "Yes, but Freya, my Grams' spell was powerful. She couldn't have gotten something like that online. After I gave it to her, I had second thoughts. I started to call you, but didn't, I guess that is why I don't feel so great about myself right now," Bonnie argued. She was right. Freya realized how guilty Bonnie was feeling.  "Okay, Bonnie, I wasn't planning on this, but...I guess you asked for it," Freya said pulling Bonnie up from the couch and standing up. Freya put her foot on the coffee table. "Freya?" Bonnie squealed as she was turned and bent over Freya's thigh.Whap!  "After this, you will forgive yourself," Freya ordered. She flipped up Bonnie's short skirt.Whap!  "Okay," Bonnie yelled out.  Whap! Freya was holding Bonnie in place with her left arm, but tugged down her tights and underwear with her right hand. "Freya!" Bonnie wailed as she felt cool air over her exposed backside.  Whap!"Stop it, you had this coming," Freya scolded. Smack! Smack! Smack! Bonnie yelped and began to dance around as much as she could as she felt the hard slaps on her behind. The shock of them made her realize that Freya was a force to be reckoned with. Smack! Smack! Smack! Bonnie began to panic. She couldn't take the pain and tried to get out of Freya's grip.  "Stay still, young lady, or I'll send you for a wooden spoon. Then, you will really learn a lesson," Freya threatened.  This was bad enough, Bonnie couldn't take anymore. Crack! Crack! Crack! Freya was covering Bonnie's whole backside with stinging smacks that left her dancing and raising up on her toes to escape. She couldn't get her hands back there to protect herself. She was pinned.Crack! Crack! Crack! Bonnie began to sob as the burn escalated. Freya smacked her hard twice on each sit spot and paused. Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Bonnie howled and begged for Freya to stop.  "Bonnie, you made a mistake and you paid for it. Next time, make better choices, but forgive yourself. Okay?" Freya said rubbing her red backside.Freya thought she said okay. Crack! After one more hard smack across both her cheeks, Freya was done. She pulled up Bonnie's underwear and leggings and righted her skirt. Bonnie hissed and tried to put her hands on her bottom. Freya sat and held her arms at her side.  "Bonnie, I love you like a little sister and I won't have you beating yourself up over every mistake. Come to me when you aren't sure about something. You are not alone. That's what it means to be in a coven. Now, come here," Freya said pulling her down.  Bonnie shrieked when her sore bottom landed on Freya's thigh but Freya shifted her. Bonnie was cried out, but let Freya wipe the tears off her face and rub her back. Bonnie hadn't felt like this, since she was little and Gram was with her. Bonnie's father was always traveling and she pretty much was on her own since her grandmother died. "Freya, you wouldn't really use a spoon, would you?" Bonnie croaked, now finally able to rub her backside a little.  "Yes, if I have to spank you again, I will use the spoon. My hand is so sore right now. I'm going to have to use my own salve on it. I guess I should teach you that recipe, hmm," Freya teased.  "No, ma'am, you won't have to spank me again," Bonnie promised.  "Yes, I've heard that one before," Freya smiled.  Bonnie got up, still rubbing, to make tea. Maybe a willow bark tea for herself. "How's Jeremy? We got into a fight yesterday because I was talking to a boy from another school. He didn't take it real well," Bonnie said.  "Ah, well, I will tell you that he got in some trouble and he won't have his phone for a week. The rest, you'll have to ask him," Freya said.  "Oh no, that doesn't sound good. Maybe I'll just call him at home. I hate to be in the middle of a fight with him over something so stupid. Freya, you're sure you're not still mad?" Bonnie asked.  "I never was, hon. Just a disappointed, but I'm very proud as to how you accepted the consequences and are going to move on to be a better and stronger witch," Freya acknowledged.  "Ah, Freya, can you teach me the salve recipe right now? I think I'm going to need it," Bonnie admitted, "Sure, dear. I swear, you'll be fine soon. But the salve always seems to help," Freya said getting up to show her the ropes. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Klaus called and got Jeremy in to see the therapist that Marcel's contact had recommended. Now that the appointment was imminent, he really didn't want to go. As they were on the 45 minute ride to the office, Jeremy started to express his displeasure.  "Dad, this is horrible. I have stuff to do. I mean, what can this lady tell me that I don't already know?" Jeremy whined.  "Son, you promised you would give it a chance. Please, just talk to her, okay?" Klaus said patting his leg with his right hand.  "Fine. But if I do it, can I get my phone back?" Jeremy prodded.  Klaus was tempted to say 'We'll see', but then thought of Elijah's face if he backed down again. "No," Klaus smiled, "but nice try. It's a couple more days. You will live."  Jeremy grumbled something under his breath that even Klaus' vampire hearing couldn't detect and slumped down in the seat. They spent the rest of the rest ride in silence.  Klaus walked Jeremy in and checked in with the receptionist. They waited in a small room. It wasn't sound proofed very well and if Klaus concentrated, he could hear voices in the next room.  "If the way you learned to relate to others in your family of origin is incompatible with the way your partner learned to relate to theirs, conflicts can arise. Fear and hurt can bubble up, especially when your primary attachments involve a level of trauma. Our fight or flight response is wired into this social engagement, and can get triggered, even when that is not the original source of the hurt," he heard a voice say."So I'm blaming them for things that aren't their fault because I'm messed up," a female voice said. "You're not 'messed up', but you are displacing. Let's pick this up next week, huh? It's time. Think about what you want out of the relationship," the first voice said.  Seconds later, a teenage girl came out of the room. She checked out Jeremy up and down, smiled, then left. Jeremy colored and looked at the wall. "Hi, you must be Jeremy. And this is your dad? I'm Camille O'Connell," Cami said holding out her hand. Cami felt a shock go through her body when she saw the handsome blond man in a black leather jacket. "Lovely to meet you, Niklaus Mikaelson. Call me Klaus," Klaus said smiling. He wanted to kiss her hand, but they didn't do that any more.  The voice, that accent! Cami scolded herself to be professional. She knew that Niklaus Mikaelson was an ancient vampire. Just like her uncle, she tried to treat humans and supernaturals equally. But his green eyes seemed to bore into her, or were they blue? "Call me Cami. Won't you both come in," Cami said warmly, pushing her long blond hair behind her ear.  Cami explained the process. She would talk to Jeremy alone this session and get an assessment and they would go from there. Klaus filled in Cami on how Jeremy had come to live with him and be adopted. He left out kidnapping him at first to save his life, and some of the supernatural things that happened, but included the deaths of Jeremy's parents.  "Oh Jeremy, I'm so sorry to hear that," Cami said sincerely.  "Thank you. We are grateful that my sister survived the accident," he replied.  Jeremy spent the rest of the session alone just answering the typical questions about school, friends, and what his interests were.  "Jeremy, do you ever think about hurting yourself or anyone else?" Cami asked gently.  "No! Never, I mean, before I met my dad, after my parents and my friend Vicky died I did, but I never have since. I swear. This whole pot thing has been way blown out of proportion. We were just bored and didn't really think it was a big deal. I am not a drug addict or anything like that, I swear," Jeremy promised.  "Do you ever get angry? Feel like you are losing control?" Cami persisted.  "Yeah, I guess. I mean, I basically went from one sister to having four brothers and a cousin. I share a room with two other guys and I'm the youngest. Sometimes they treat me like I'm the runt. I'm more like, artistic, and not as athletic. I guess I'm also kind of pissed, sorry, mad that I got my phone taken away this week. I'm kind of fighting with my 'sort of' girlfriend and now we can't text," Jeremy admitted.  "You can say 'pissed' here. This is a safe space. Anything we talk about is private. Unless you tell me you are being hurt, abused or are going to hurt yourself or someone, I have to keep everything confidential, okay?" Cami reassured him.  "Okay," Jeremy replied.  "Thanks, Jeremy. It was nice to talk to you. I'm going to speak to your dad alone for a moment and then you're all done," Cami smiled.  Klaus came in after telling Jeremy to go wait for him in the car. He made it a point to not listen to the private session, which took effort.  "Well, Mr. Mikaelson, I am happy to tell you that I don't often get to say this-," Cami started. "Klaus, please," Klaus interjected.  "I think that Jeremy, despite his parents' death and the pot incident, is fine. Normal teenage reckless behavior. I don't see a self-destructive pattern or any signs that he is unstable or going to hurt himself. I really don't see a need for further sessions unless he would like to pursue them," Cami volunteered.  "Ah, that's terrific. I, ah, sometimes don't know what I am doing with three teenagers. My other son is older and things were much different with his upbringing," Klaus said visibly relieved.  "Well, I'm not sure about your other sons, but you seem to be doing a  good job with this one. My uncle says that you and your family lived in New Orleans a long time," Cami said casually.  "Yes, Camille. I actually knew your grandfather quite well. Or your great-grandfather? Before the city burnt, New Orleans was...very special to us," Klaus said with emotion.  "I can't go back, now now," Camille glanced at her receptionist. "Since we may not be official patients now, would it be inappropriate for me to invite you to our home? I know my older son, Marcellus, would love to meet you. I can send a car for you, say, this Saturday?" Klaus said hopefully.  "I'm sorry. I have plans, but here's my card with my cell on the back. We should get together soon," Cami said blushing.  "Soon. Thank you, Camille. It was lovely to meet you," Klaus said, this time kissing her hand. He left the room and winked at the receptionist. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"So, am I crazy?" Jeremy prodded. "Ah, no," Klaus laughed.  "Dad, stop! What did she say?" Jeremy pressed as Klaus continued to laugh.  "You don't have to go back. She thinks you're fine. Put your seat belt on," Klaus said starting the engine of the SUV.  "See! I told you," Jeremy said. "Yes, you did," Klaus answered. "Dad, you liked her, didn't you? That lady," Jeremy asked suspiciously.  "Son, I have my hands full with you boys. I have no time for romance, especially after what happened last time...and the time before that," Klaus recalled.  "Nicole? That was like last year. You know, the first time you really beat my butt was over me being rude to Nicole, over the fish? Then, you left her for dead in that cave. Ironic, huh?" Jeremy mused.  "You had been testing me. You didn't think I would really thrash you, did you? And Nicole tried to have you boys sacrificed. She can rot...," Klaus said glancing quickly at him as he continued to drive home.  "And no, I didn't think kids my age still got spanked. I thought it was just empty threats, ha, joke was on me," Jeremy grinned.  "You didn't say anything to Camille did you? About our old fashioned ways? I'm sure she wouldn't approve," Klaus asked nervously.  "No! I wouldn't say anything. I mean, she didn't ask. I did tell her that I got my phone taken away. She was probably feeling sorry for me," Jeremy smirked.  "I doubt that. But you wouldn't feel funny if she came over for dinner would you. I mean if you never had to see her again professionally?" Klaus suggested.  "No, Dad. Go for it. She was nice and pretty. And if you go out with her, she probably wouldn't let you whack us. You know child psych and all?" Jeremy offered.  "Let's not get ahead of ourselves. Anyway, thanks for going along with this, for the record, I did not think anything was wrong with you," Klaus admitted.  "Gee, thanks. I think. Can we go thru the drive thru?" Jeremy asked as they passed a fast food place.  "Sure, I don't see why not," Klaus said. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Davina had stayed home sick Monday, Tuesday, and went to the doctor on Wednesday. She had a fever and sore throat. She started the prescription and felt fine by Wednesday night. Freya had made her a few teas, but she wondered if Davina was making herself sick. In truth, she was avoiding talking to Tyler. She just didn't have the words to express it all. Finally, Wednesday evening, she figured she had to talk to him. She went to the boys' room.  He was on his top bunk reading a sports magazine. She knocked, though the door was open.  "Hey, Davina, come in," Tyler said dropping down onto the floor.  "Sorry, I should have come sooner, but I got sick," Davina replied in a scratchy voice.  "Yeah, I heard you were sick. Feeling better?" Tyler said indicating that she should sit on the couch. "Much, thanks. Um, Tyler. I really don't even know what the hell to say. I feel mortified about what happened. I hope Caroline is okay, too, and not mad, but if you guys are, I understand," Davina said hesitantly.  "Davina, it was pretty fucked up what happened. I mean, Caroline does not eat cupcakes like that, so I don't know if the magic made her or what. I guess we're more worried about...," Tyler drifted off.  "Her being pregnant?" Davina asked.  "Yeah, it wouldn't just be about a kid. Davina, she could turn into a wolf over this. The other stuff, like the family seeing us on the couch or getting in trouble over the porn, just doesn't seem like that big of a deal, you know," Tyler confessed.  "Oh god, Tyler. I do feel awful. I guess I deserved everything I got after all. Marcel had a little, how do you say it around here 'chat' with me and I haven't spoken to him since," Davina explained, her eyes brimming with tears. "Look, I can see you feel bad. And I guess I owe you an apology over that video. It was kind of a joke. Like here's this really extreme video, let's see how gross it is, I didn't think those dumb asses would actually watch it. And the weed, also my fault...Believe me, I got my ass handed to me, too," Tyler admitted.  "I need to see if I can talk to Marcel. Keep me posted on Caroline. I won't say anything about it to her, unless she brings it up to me, okay?" Davina said.  "I'm sure it will be okay," Tyler said.  "Hey, where' Matt? I wanted to talk to him, too," Davina asked.  "Ah, he's taking a shower in the hallway bathroom. I wouldn't wait on him," Tyler smiled innocently.  "Long showers?" Davina laughed.  "You could say that," Tyler replied. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Marcel?" Davina said knocking softly. "Yeah, come in," Marcel was in his 3rd floor office space working. "Sorry," she said contritely.  "Hey, hey, what are these tears for?" Marcel said. "You were right. What I did was really bad. If I tell you something, do you promise not to tell anyone else?" Davina asked.  "Of course, D., You can trust me," Marcel said.  "Tyler is worried that Caroline could be pregnant. Because of what I did!" Davina cried.  "Come here," Marcel said enveloping her in his arms.  "But Marcel, she could also turn into a werewolf!" Davina shrieked.  "D., that's probably not going to happen. Calm down and breathe a little," Marcel said quietly.  Davina did.  "Look, what's done is done. Whatever happens, we will deal with it, okay. You did what you did, you got punished and now it's out of your hands, alright? No more beating yourself up," Marcel cautioned.  "But it's my fault," Davina exclaimed.  "Davina, it's done.  I know you don't want another spanking. Because if I do have to spank you again because of this, I'm going to paddle your bare butt a lot harder than I did the first time. Understand, young lady?" Marcel asked firmly.  "Yes, I get it.  You won't have to spank me ever again. I swear," Davina promised clutching him tighter. Her backside tingled thinking of it and she did not want to be in that position again. Marcel was right, it was out of her hands. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Matt really hated to be without his phone. He had been trying to use some of Tyler's magazine stash, but it wasn't cutting it. The boys had let it slip where Klaus was keeping the phones. The key was right on the side table and Matt figured he'd grab his phone and then put it back quickly and no one would be the wiser.  He started using the hallway bathroom for a little more privacy. Since that night with Abby, Matt hadn't had much luck with the ladies. Well, at least he didn't have to worry about being a teen dad like Tyler right now. Matt almost chuckled to himself, but then figured he better hurry his 'shower' along. "Oh my god!" Matt heard while scrambling to cover himself.  "Get out! Oh no, Miss Monroe?" Matt gasped. He was sure he had locked the door. "Boys, ah, go back to your room. You can brush in the other bathroom," Vanessa nervously redirected them.  "No! My toothbrush is in there! Vanessa, how are-," Finn shouted furious.  Elijah came up behind them, "What's the hold up here?"  Vanessa steered Finn and Henrik back to their room and made a motion with her thumb to the bathroom.  "We walked in on Matthew, um, yeah," Vanessa said in a whisper. Elijah looked back and went in the bathroom.  "Matthew, what is the meaning of this?" Elijah hissed surveying the scene in front of him. The water was running, but Matt was clearly not taking a shower.  "Uncle Elijah, I thought the door was ah, locked. Sorry, I'll finish my shower now," Matt said ready to die of embarrassment.  Elijah nodded and was ready to shut the door and let this incident go when he saw something.  "Is that your mobile phone, Matthew?" Elijah asked in shock.  "Oh my god, Uncle Elijah, please don't tell dad. I was ah, just using it for a couple of minutes," Matt begged.  "Matt, this is ridiculous," Elijah went into the bathroom and shut the door, making it a point to lock it.  "Uncle Elijah, please," Matt begged as Elijah grabbed his arm.Matt was relieved to still have been wearing his white briefs and white undershirt. Elijah sat on the closed toilet seat and carefully but deliberately flipped him over his knee. Matt was panicking and tried to avoid the humiliating position to no avail.  Smack! Matt yelped as he felt the first painful spank across both cheeks. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Matt made no attempt to not yell out as the smacks were harder and faster than any he had received.  Elijah took a breath. In his anger, he had lost his temper for a brief second, he was not using anywhere near his vampire strength but he knew he had smacked Matt hard. He yanked the boy's briefs to mid thigh and saw that his backside was red in the areas he had swatted.  "Matt, that you would get that phone despite your punishment is beyond me," Elijah scolded now rubbing Matt's bare backside. It felt warm to him. He didn't want him to bruise, but he though he could use a little more of a lesson."I-I am really s-sorry," Matt screamed out, tears streaming down his face.  Elijah continued spanking but this time much lighter all over. To Matt, it became a continuous burn and he continued to kick and struggle to get off Elijah's lap. Elijah moved his smacked down to right below the crease of Matt's backside and above his thighs. Matt began to howl and sob in agony. Elijah tightened his his hold on his errant nephew and continued the spanking as Matt wailed. Elijah continued swatting knowing that Matt would only feel this level of sting for a moment or two before it would lessen. "You are going to tell your father that you took the phone as soon as he gets back. So after this spanking, you will shower, put on your pajamas and get into bed. In his room!  I have a feeling that you will be going to bed with an awfully warm behind tonight," Elijah promised.  Matt was crying and kicking as much as he could. The burning sting in his rear end was intense. He didn't know how he would be able to shower and put on pants. Elijah stopped spanking him as he knew his brother would probably be using his paddle on him before the night was through. Elijah let Matt balance a moment while he took off his briefs completely.  "Now, you go ahead and take a shower. Do whatever you need to do, and then report to your father's bedroom. Do you understand? You can eat your dinner in there. I'll bring it up," Elijah said starting the shower water. He checked that Matt already had his night clothes in the bathroom and he did.   "Matt, I'm going to take this all with me. I will lock the door on my way out to give you your privacy. I'm going to let you up now," Elijah said gathering up the magazines and the cell phone.  Matt was crying softly now. Elijah hugged him and kissed him on the head. "Go on now, Matthew," Elijah prompted. He looked back to see Matt's red backside below his white shirt. That looked painful, but the boy knew better than to break into Klaus' room.  As he said, Elijah locked the door and shut it. He went to see to Elijah and the younger boys.
  
    Chapter Text
    Wednesday EveningMikaelson Mansion Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010Just as Klaus was practically patting himself on the back for being a great parent after Dr. Camille O'Connell said Jeremy was fine, he saw Elijah waiting for him in the garage. "Hello brother, Jeremy, good appointment? I made prime rib, but I see you got something to eat. Jeremy, can you go inside? I'd like to speak to your father alone a moment," Elijah said.  "Sure, Uncle Elijah. No problem," Jeremy said going inside quickly. "What is it, Elijah? This couldn't wait? The therapist said Jeremy is fine. He need not go back," Klaus said.  "While you were gone, ah, I don't even know how to say this. Vanessa was taking the boys to brush their teeth and Matt was ah, 'taking a shower' so to speak. The door was unlocked and she got quite an eyeful, I don't think Finn saw anything. Henrik was too far back. I went to see what happened and I see this stack of filthy magazines and... Apparently, Matt thought he had locked the door,-" Elijah started.  "Elijah, aren't you overreacting a bit? He's 17 years old. It was unfortunate, I'll speak to him," Klaus interrupted.  "That's not what concerned me. He had his cell phone in the bathroom," Elijah said pointedly. "Bloody hell, are you serious?" Klaus fumed.  "Indeed. It seems he used the key on your bedside table and thought he could use the phone and then put it back before you noticed it's absence," Elijah stated.  "I'm going to teach him a right proper lesson this instant," Klaus snarled, starting back into the house.  "Niklaus," Elijah said stopping him in his tracks. "Brother, he needs to learn to mind his father," Klaus snapped. "I already gave him a good hiding right in the bathroom. Then, I told him to take his shower and go wait in your room for you. I took his dinner up to him and let him stew in there," Elijah finished.  Klaus stopped, "Thank you, Elijah. I just can't believe Matthew would be so deceitful. And where did he get those magazines?" "I believe there are Tyler's stash," Elijah offered. "I suppose I have been too trusting. I thought they were deserving of privacy and some trust. I feel a like a fool. And thank you for sending Matt to my room. Losing my temper and disciplining him in front of the entire family would do no one any good. I'm calmer," Klaus took a deep breath and steadied himself. So much for going to bed early. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Boys'RoomSince it was nearly 10 pm, most of the family was either in bed or getting there.  Klaus went to the boys' room and said good night. "Jeremy, get ready for bed please," Klaus said.  Jeremy huffed and got out of his bed into which he had fallen into fully clothed, including his shoes. "Hey Dad," Tyler said miserably.  "Son, long night?" Klaus asked.  "Yeah, I got so bored that I even read ahead for school, in Spanish. Hey, what happened with Matt. He's been grounded to your room all night and no one will say why," Tyler asked tossing a football above him as he lay in his bed.  "Well, this may involved you. Did you happen to lend him more pornographic magazines? Or tell him where I put the electronics drawer key?" Klaus asked slowly.  Tyler just groaned. "You know I just heard your heart racing. Oh Tyler, this is a real problem. Where are you getting all this garbage? Is it an addiction? A porn addiction?" Klaus asked in a quiet hush.  "Jesus, no, Dad. It's like what people do now. I'm sorry. I'll get rid of everything. The truth is that I found them in my dad's stash of stuff at my old house in the floorboard.  There was some booze, all these porn, coins, and old papers. I couldn't show my mom, right?" Tyler justified. "Tyler, I've asked you about this before and you lied.  I want you to think about how I am supposed to trust you? Because right now, I'm having a really hard time of it," Klaus acknowledged.  "Dad, I'm sorry. Please don't be mad," Tyler begged. "It's not about me being angry with you. It's about you lying and doing things that you know you shouldn't. This conversation isn't over. Now lights out and go to bed. I love you," Klaus said softening.  "Okay, love you, too," Tyler replied.  "Goodnight, Jeremy," Klaus called through the door. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Klaus' QuartersMatt felt like he had been having the worst night. Elijah had sent Kol up with a food tray for him. He ate with Kol at the little table. They didn't talk about why Matt was here, though Matt assumed Kol knew.  It was torture to not be able to watch tv. It was like he was trapped alone with his thoughts.  He could have just turned it on to pass the time or opened the drawer with the other cell phones and used Jeremy's or Tyler's. Elijah still had Matt's phone. But there was a good chance his dad would find out. Matt never realized how much the average person must lie a day. Being a vampire was like being a human lie detector machine... Matt kept reliving the memory of Vanessa walking in on him over and over again. He really didn't think she saw anything, but with the magazines and everything out, there was no denying it. Then, his face flamed as he wondered if everyone heard Elijah spanking him in the bathroom. Matt knew that he had been shouting, but it had hurt. The suddenness of it, the shock was brutal. There was still an ache at the top of his thighs, nothing like before though.  The door opened, it was Klaus, finally.  "Hi Dad," Matt choked out. "Hello, Matt, I heard it was a bit of a rough night," Klaus said frowning.  Matt could do nothing but hang his head.  "Matthew, Elijah filled me in. I am not too pleased with you, as you can imagine. But it is already well past your bedtime. I'm going to go take a shower myself, would you like to go back to your room or sleep in here with me? Either is fine. We'll talk about his all tomorrow," Klaus informed him.  "In here, please," Matt whispered.  "Okay, get in bed. I'll be out shortly," Klaus said.  Matt nodded and started to walk to the bed.  "Come here," Klaus said and hugged Matt to him.  Matt laid his head on Klaus' shoulder and mumbled some apologies.  "I know, I know. I love you and it pains me to see you suffer," Klaus admitted.   Matt nodded, broke away, and got into the right side of the bed. He heard Klaus shower, and then come in and get into the bed. Matt was too upset to sleep.  "Sweetheart, I know you're still up stewing about this. Yes, I am not happy about what you did, but I'm not disappointed in you. You know I love you and would never judge you. If you need help, we shall get it for you," Klaus said softly.  "Okay, Dad. It's just, you know, waiting is hard...," Matt admitted.  "I know, Son, I'm not trying to add to your worries. But it's late, I'm tired. I know you have been through a lot tonight. I would like to find out if more is going on before we deal with this, okay? Please remember that everything I do, I try to do for your benefit. In a few years, you'll be on your own and able to make your own decisions, but until then, allow me to help you," Klaus offered.  "I will," Matt agreed, turning to look over at his father. Klaus put his hand on Matt's shoulder and rubbed it.  "Sleep now," he said quietly. Finally, Matt did.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Boys' RoomTyler dreamt again of the wolves. They were in a den, sleeping together as a pack. It was warm and he felt safe. There were pups in there nipping and moving around. Their fur was soft.  He woke up and felt alone. He got up to use the bathroom and splash water on his face. Jeremy was sleeping soundly. One thing about the kid, he didn't snore. When Tyler came out of the bathroom, Henrik was standing there.  "What'd you need, bud? The bathroom?" Tyler asked quietly. Sometimes the boys would use their bathroom since it was closer. "I had a dream, Tyler. About the wolves, not the ones that killed me. But about your wolves," Henrik said in a monotone voice.  "What are talking about, Henrik? I don't have a pack," Tyler said.  "But you will," Henrik said.  "Okay, buddy. If you're not going to the bathroom, you need to get back to bed. Come on," Tyler said guiding him back to his room.  "No! I want to sleep with you. I'm scared," Henrik explained.  "My bunk is the top one. Can you even get up there?" Tyler wondered.  Henrik scrambled up the ladder before Tyler could call his bluff. Tyler joined him. It was a little tight, but after his dream, Tyler didn't want to go back to sleep alone either. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Thursday MorningMystic Fall High SchoolAt school the next day, Caroline pulled Tyler aside and told him she wasn't pregnant. Tyler exhaled loudly.  "Yeah, I know," she agreed. "I'm happy, Car. It doesn't mean it can't happen someday," Tyler said kissing her on the lips. "Like ten years. I just wanted to tell you real quick. I'm late for French," Caroline smiled.  Tyler was relieved, but almost disappointed in a sense. The full moon was coming. He had his moonlight right back, but wasn't sure if he and Klaus were going to turn or not. He did want his own pack someday, but he guessed he'd have to wait. On the ride home, Tyler told the rest what Caroline told him. Davina was glad for them. Jeremy was also. Matt was staring out the window.  "Yo, Donovan, did you even hear what I told you?" Tyler asked abruptly, shutting off the music.  "Yeah, sorry, that's great," Matt added. Tyler knew something was up with Matt. Matt had been his best friend forever and he could always tell.  "Matt, hang on a minute," Tyler said when Jeremy and Davina got out of the truck. "Ty, believe me, you don't even want to know, man," Matt began. Matt was in the passenger seat and was punching his hand against the door unconsciously in a nervous gesture. Matt finally told him about what happened yesterday.  "The magazines? Really? And you got your fucking cell phone using the key that I told you where it was. Now I look like a perv and a thief," Tyler fumed.  "Dude, that shit wasn't yours. It was your dad's stash. Wouldn't that make him the perv?  The key thing was my stupid fault. I swear to god I locked that freaking door and then Miss Monroe walks in on me. I wonder if that door is busted," Matt ranted.  "Literally, it's so bad. You got caught red-handed...but now with the magazines, I'm getting dragged into this shit again. I don't need to jerk off ten times a day, I have a girl friend. A hot one," Tyler scoffed.  "Yeah, well, try not to get her knocked up and turn her into a wolf, okay?" Matt said giving him a punch on the arm.  Tyler punched him back a little harder, "Fuck you, Matt. Just throw out all that shit from the stash. The booze, the mags, the video. I'm not getting my ass beat again so you can...-" "Boys, are you going to get out of the car today?" Klaus came into the garage to ask. "Yes, sorry," Tyler said getting out of the trunk.  "How was school? You can get something to eat, go change, and then meet in your Uncle Elijah's study. We're just going to talk okay," Klaus reassured. "For now," Matt complained. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah's StudyThursday PMElijah started, "Boys, this conversation may be somewhat overdue. I think it is obvious that a lot of what you are going through now is new to us. We may have lived ten centuries, but some of the things you are dealing with are unprecedented. The drugs, the media, the internet, and...I'm lecturing, am I not? Sorry, the point is-." "We're concerned about this foul pornography and some other things going on. The lying, the hiding things, etc.  Tyler, you said you got things from a stash? At your old house?" Klaus interrupted.  "Yeah, I don't know if my dad was using this stuff to bribe or blackmail people, but I found a bunch of weird crap in this floorboard. Sorry, I should have told you. I just didn't want my mom to see it. As you've seen, it can be pretty gross. I'll get rid of it," Tyler promised.  "We've been trusting you to follow up with things. I am telling you now to throw away all of this stuff. I'm going to be checking your room, spot checks. No more total privacy, I trusted all of you, but now, it's been broken," Klaus went on.  "We'll get rid of it," Matt agreed, "Yesterday, that wasn't on Tyler. That was all on me.  I shouldn't have taken those magazines from your stash, Ty. Sorry."  "The deeper issue here is not the magazines, drugs, etc., but the lying, the thrill seeking. I know it may be common now, but this type of trash, maybe addictive and damaging beyond what we understand. We get there are things that are private and personal that you don't want to talk about with us, that's okay. Honestly, we may not even understand what you are getting out of this stuff, as for us, we experience more of blood lust, than anything else. In addition, I know you have all been through a lot this year. I'm not going to rehash it, but we've made you an appointment with a different therapist," Elijah stated.  "But I just went last night!" Jeremy moaned.  "I got a reference from Dr. O'Connell for a male doctor that's a little closer to here. He works with people your age who have dealt with loss and trauma-," Klaus was saying.  "I'm not going! You said I didn't have to go! This is freaking stupid," Jeremy spewed hopping up and crumpling up the paper in his hand.  "Jeremy, I was about to say you didn't have to go, but after that outburst...I am rethinking that. Now, settle down and have a seat. We're not finished," Klaus said calmly.  "Fuck. Fine," Jeremy seethed.  "Jeremy, your father was about to excuse you from this part, but perhaps he ought to stay, Niklaus?" Elijah asked pointedly.  "Indeed," Klaus said firmly, glaring at Jeremy for a moment.  "Whatever, sorry," Jeremy choked out, withering under his father's gaze.  "So I think tonight, we have a lot going on. Matt, you have your sessions at the tutoring center. Tyler, you were seeing your mother in town. Jeremy, you had that paper to finish. But tomorrow night, the rest of the family is going out to dinner. The three of you shall be home with me. Consider yourselves grounded. We're going to discuss all of these issues once and for all, I will punish you, and you will go to bed early," Klaus started.  All three boys sighed, but didn't dare complain aloud. There was something about having to go to bed before midnight on a Friday that seemed torturous to them. Worse than anything else. Klaus wondered if left unsupervised, they would just become completely nocturnal, living in the same hoodies and shorts for a month, eating junk and never showering. Maybe they would even let themselves be buried alive in dirty socks and aluminum cans, it was a horrifying thought.  "And we put some Internet safety features on, we can now see who is on what site. You will get your electronics back on Saturday, perhaps even a little early, but there is a little catch," Elijah smirked.  "Tell them, brother," Klaus smiled.  "Well, we thought it would be nice if you boys joined the younger boys and me for that movie they want to see and then lunch at Fun Town. Matt, you saw how much they enjoyed it," Elijah offered.  Matt groaned, "Uncle Elijah, are you serious? Those clowns are so freaky and the singing animals! All the kids freaking out and the parties. Can't you just beat us again instead?" "Hey, do you want your devices back or not?" Klaus chided lightly.  "And I'll give you all $50 each," Elijah stated,"Vanessa can't go. She is meeting a friend. Freya is refusing." "What about Uncle Kol?" Matt asked. "I believe his words were 'I'd rather get roasted alive in hell before going back to that place full of little brats.'" Elijah recalled. "Boys, Finn and Henrik have been through a lot of adjustments also. We promised them if they behaved they would get to go to the movie and to Fun Town again. I don't know if you realized this, but when you old boys can't play video games and watch tv with them, they feel a little left out. Remember, they don't have outside friends and interest like you do. They wait for you to get home," Klaus mentioned.  "They can't work out with us and it's been cold and raining!" Tyler said sharply.  "I know. No one is blaming you. I'm just saying that they've missed playing their video games with you," Klaus restated.  Tyler nodded. He had to admit that at times he was annoyed by the younger kids, but at other times he had fun with them. Tyler hadn't realized that they too would suffer from the no electronic ban because he had screwed up. He felt a spike of guilt.  Elijah read his face, "Guys, I know they can get on your nerves. I happen to know what that is like. An annoying pest following you around nonstop for what feels like centuries." He cleared his throat and tilted his head toward Klaus. "Hey, at least I never trapped you in a boundary spell when while you were naked in the river!" Klaus retorted. "But Kol also never threw me out the win-...," Elijah drifted off when Klaus coughed, realizing the company he was in.  "Matthew, you best get ready to go to tutoring," Klaus said standing.  "Gentlemen, we love you very much. Always and forever," Elijah said looking at each one of them in turn.  The boys filed out silently.  "Were you going to tell them about Padua in 1654? That was a total accident...," the boys heard as the door shut.^^^^^^^^^^^^Younger Boys' RoomTyler caught Henrik alone after the meeting.  "Hey Henrik, sorry, we didn't get to play our games this week. You know that was because I got in trouble, not you. We'll be able to play again this weekend. But remember what you said about me having a wolf pack last night? In your dream or vision?" Tyler said crouching down to his level.  "You will have a wolf pack someday, Tyler," Henrik emphasized.  "But my girl isn't pregnant," Tyler reasoned.  "She will be..., but Tyler. There's something else," Henrik frowned.  "What, buddy? You can tell me," Tyler said gently, rubbing his arm and smiling. He only spoke to Henrik in this tone when no one was around. He guessed he had a soft spot for the kid. Tyler had never really been around smaller kids and it took him a while to know how to act.  "She, the yellow haired lady, will be a vampire someday...," Henrik mumbled.  "A vampire? Caroline? My girlfriend?" Tyler laughed. How would Car become a vampire? That made no sense. "Yes, but there's more," Henrik said, now whispering and looking fearful.  "What? It's okay. You can tell me whatever your visions are," Tyler reassured him, now convinced the kid wasn't much of a seer.  "You'll be a vampire, too," Henrik said clearly.  "A vampire? I can't be a vamp, buddy. I'm already a werewolf," Tyler smiled. Henrik looked troubled, "I know. That's what doesn't make sense. But Tyler, I think you're going to be like Uncle Niklaus someday. I saw your eyes turn yellow." "A hybrid? Boy, you've been sucking down too much Coke and chocolate milk. That's crazy," Tyler said, tickling him and letting Henrik tackle him. Finn came in and piled up on them.  Yeah, the kid was no witch seer. He just had an overactive imagination. There was only one hybrid in the entire world, his dad, Niklaus Mikaelson, everyone knew that. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday AfternoonFinn really liked to build things. He had finished the plane and car kits that Freya got him and Henrik in New Orleans almost all by himself. Being at home all day with just Henrik to play with got boring sometimes. He started to putter around the house, just messing with things here and there. He usually did it when he was supposed to be napping. Vanessa would help him and Henrik rest in the afternoon after their tutor left and they had lunch. Henrik always slept like the dead pretty much. Finn couldn't. Vanessa told him he could just rest. He was even allowed to read or do something quietly as long as he didn't wake up his brother, but no tv.  The first time he snuck out, he almost got caught. His dad and Vanessa must have been in their quarters. He hadn't realized that his dad could hear his heart beat when he was close to the other side of their door. Finn wanted to know what they were doing in there. He tried to remember things from before, but now they were blurry and he was curious about why they were so eager to be alone.  Uncle Kol caught Finn lurking another time on the 3rd floor. All he did was take him back to his room and tell him a story about a time he caught a tree on fire with his magic a thousand years before. Finn tried to remember the story from his first human life, but nothing came of it. That day, he had fallen asleep.  Finn started to try the door softly around the house. He didn't like it when they were locked. He made a little tool out of a file and a piece of a paperclip from one of his building kits and fixed the doors so they couldn't lock. He thought it was quite clever because now he could open all the doors in the house with his handy little tool when he wanted to. He just hoped Matt didn't find out! He wasn't sure what had happened but he knew Matt got in trouble because of him. He figured he needed to fix that bathroom door before someone figured out it was him. "What are you doing out of bed, little man?" Marcel said, picking him up. "Ah, I was just going to the bathroom," Finn lied.  "Oh really? You know you can't really lie to a vampire, young man? So you want to tell me what you are really doing?" Marcel asked a little firmer.  "Why can't I lie to a vampire?" Finn asked innocently. Marcel took Finn into Klaus' study and sat down at the desk with him on his lap. "Well, for starters, we can hear it in someone's heartbeat when they lie. It kind of skips a beat. I guess people get nervous when they are doing or saying something wrong. Secondly, you are out here sneaking around looking pretty suspicious. You don't look like a little boy who has to use the potty. Remember, I'm over 200 years old. I wasn't born yesterday. Now, talk," Marcel said giving him a stern look. "Marcel, I did something bad, but I don't want to get into trouble," Finn confessed looking down. Marcel noticed the tool in Finn's hand."Finn, what did you do? I know you don't want to get in trouble, but I think you're gonna feel better when you get it off your chest," Marcel said carefully. Finn's words came out in a rush,"I was bored and playing with the doors and I fixed some of them so they couldn't lock. Matt did something bad and got caught. I was supposed to be in my room and now Matt's gonna hate me."Finn started to cry softly and dropped his tool to the floor and it rolled under the desk. Marcel hugged him for a moment. "So let me guess this straight, instead of napping, you were fooling with the locks the other day. Well, that explains that," Marcel mused. "Are you going to tell my dad? Matt?" Finn cried. "No, Finn. But I think you need to. You know why?" Marcel asked tilting his face up at him."Why?" Finn cried harder. "Because even if you get a couple of smacks on your butt or yelled at, after, you're going to feel a whole lot better. And Finn, you can't be messing with stuff around here, okay? Why do you think you are supposed to rest?" Marcel said."I don't know," Finn said glumly."You know you get a little cranky when you get real tired, right?" Marcel prompted. "Yes," Finn admitted, "But we're supposed to go to Fun Town and the movies on Saturday! What if I'm not allowed to go?" 
"Then you need to accept that. I don't think you meant to cause a big problem, but it happened. I think you sneaking around is the issue. How about this? Let's get you into bed and when you wake up, we'll tell your dad together?" Marcel suggested. "He's going to be mad," Finn trembled. "I did worse things when I was your age. I'm still here to tell the tale," Marcel laughed. "Like what?" Finn asked. "Like stuff that I'm not tell you about because they might give you ideas. And I'm not sure that your dad thinks I'm too old to get a spanking myself," Marcel said lightly. Finn laughed at that idea as Marcel picked him up again and carried him back to his room.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^When Elijah came to get the boys up, he found Marcel napping beside Finn. He smiled and almost wanted to get Klaus for a moment. The years passed so quickly at times. He was taken back to 1820, when Marcel was about ten. They had just gotten him and he had been having a nightmare. Elijah heard him cry out and went in to comfort him. He heard Marcel and soothed him back to sleep. Niklaus came in and Elijah saw the jealousy in his eyes. Elijah had to step back. He had to let his brother be the "Papa" and he had to fade into the shadows somewhat. Niklaus tended to spoil the boy rotten and so Elijah seemed to have to step in and be the bad cop. Marcellus often resented him for that. Just another sacrifice Elijah made for his family."Hey, oh, I must have fallen asleep," Marcel said a little embarrassed to be caught napping during the day. "I was just thinking of when you were the one I put down for naps during the day. You never liked that either," Elijah recalled. "Yeah, and you never took no for any answer, even if I wasn't tired," Marcel quipped. "I had ways of tiring out a willful, little boy didn't I?" Elijah reminded him. Marcel flushed and said, "Well, you got another one here." He filled Elijah in on the whole episode.   Elijah was surprised, "He's been sneaking around? I honestly had no idea. Oh lord, and the whole thing with Matthew. What a mess."Marcel went on, "Finn is terrified that he won't be allowed to go to Fun Town and the movies on Saturday. Elijah, I know he's your son, but can I give you my two cents?" "Of course, Marcellus," Elijah replied. "Just spank him and be done with it. I still resent Klaus for not letting me go to Francois Toussaint's birthday party when I was 15," Marcel admitted. "Really? You never got over that?" Elijah said sadly. Klaus had always tried to avoid thrashing Marcel when he was human."Elijah, I wanted to win the coin in that cake. They said the guy who won that would be rich. They also had a scavenger hunt. The prize was a pony! I always wondered if I could have won," Marcel admitted. "Well, your papa told you to stop gambling with those stable boys and you didn't listen," Elijah lectured. "And when did I actually stop?" Marcel prompted. "When I took down your trousers in front of your friends and took a hickory stick to your behind," Elijah remembered. "Yes, I haven't gambled since," Marcel laughed a little.  "Thanks, Marcel. I guess you are right. He has been looking forward to going out. It's not natural to keep children penned up like this. They need to be around other children and do things... Thank you for your honesty. How is everything going with Davina?" Elijah inquired.  "Hot and cold. But she's talking to me so far this week. She's not keen on Rebekah after they got into an argument about make up or something. I think Kol backed off a little more. He's been out, I don't know, driving around on his own a lot. I think Davina is upset by that. I think she needs to get some more of her own friends, her age, I mean," Marcel shared.  "She seemed to get on with Jeremy's sister and those girls. Give her time to adjust. I think she'll be okay. You turned out okay," Elijah said patting him on the shoulder, as Marcel left. Marcel went back to retrieve Finn's little tool later on. Under Klaus's desk, he found Elijah's infamous paint paddle. Rebekah had been looking for this thing for months. He slipped it in the back of his pants and figured he'd give it to her as a gift. She was eager to burn it in the holiday bonfire this year. Marcel did not tell Finn that Elijah really didn't think he was too old to get his butt whacked, but he figured the boy didn't need to know everything. He figured if it made Rebekah happy, he would take a few whacks for her. It wouldn't be the first time, and it wouldn't be the last. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Freya brought up a few different bottles of salve for Klaus. She clearly labelled them all. The one for Tyler was a new recipe. It had a touch of wolfsbane to offset his fast werewolf healing, but not enough to hurt him in itself. She had made Klaus test it on his arm. "Oh Niklaus, it's been a hell of a week, huh?" Freya said. "Sister, you have no idea. This damn internet and all the rubbish that goes around with it. It seems that Tyler's father, the late Mayor Lockwood, had a stash of porn that the boy found. He brought it here and it has caused nothing but havoc," Klaus admitted. "I'm sorry to hear that. The good news is that Caroline, I'm hearing, is not pregnant. You might want to add a safe sex talk on to whatever lecture you are planning tonight," Freya suggested. "Pregnant? I'm not even sure I knew that was a possibility. The Sheriff doesn't have her on birth control?" Klaus retorted. "She is now, brother. Also, I had a very intense talk with Bonnie about giving Davina that spell. Poor thing is another one left to fend for herself. The father is oft traveling, the mother god knows where, and her grandmother dead," Freya confided. "I'm sorry to hear that," Klaus said truthfully."Well, I'm still working on some cloaking spells for Davina. The ancestors will not give up their search for her. I should be working with Henrik a little more than I have been. I'm going to go grab him now, Elijah said he needs to have a talk with Henrik. I have a feeling we have another boy who has been naughty today," Freya said."It seems to come with the territory. Thank you for all your hard work, Sister. I'll take you out for lunch next week, if you will allow me," Klaus said kissing her cheek.  "That would be nice," Freya said leaving. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah took Finn to his quarters to talk to him. He let the boy confess everything. Marcel had given Elijah the tool and they went and fixed all the locks again together. "Really, Finn. You are good at that. How about we will get you some more building kits or you can even get a little workshop down in the basement? Sound good?" Elijah asked. "Dad, a-am I going to g-get to go this Saturday or stay here by myself?" Finn asked glumly. "Well, for sneaking out and lying about it to Vanessa and me, I think you were warned about the consequences, weren't you?" Elijah prompted as they walked along the hallway.Finn nodded. "Well, let's go take care of that. And I would never leave you alone, okay? You can go tomorrow, but you are going to get a spanking right now," Elijah warned him. Finn stiffened and kept walking. He was scaredElijah took him into his quarters and took off his jacket. He gave Finn a stern lecture about obeying and then about lying. He bent him over his knee and swatted him for a minute or two over the seat of his pants.  He bared him and then steered the now tearful boy to the corner. Elijah though maybe a whack or two with his paint stick would make an impression. He went to Klaus' office to retrieve it and it was gone.  His sturdy ruler was downstairs in his office.  He hated to use a hairbrush but figured a tap or two might be sufficient. Elijah vamped back in his quarters to find Finn rubbing his bottom and turning around. He dug out an old oval wooden hairbrush from his drawer. Elijah knew this tended to leave oval bruises and marks, so he had to be careful."Finn, come here please," Elijah said pulling out an armless chair from his desk. "No, Daddy, please don't...," Finn said panicking at sight of the hairbrush. "If I have to chase you, you are getting another spanking tonight before bed and I don't care who is there it see it," Elijah threatened. That got Finn's feet slowly moving toward Elijah, but too slowly for his taste. "I'm going to count to three. If I get to three, you are going to get that extra spanking with the paddle. One...," Elijah began. Finn's eyes widened as if he was caught in headlights and wasn't sure what to do. "Twooooo....," Elijah continued slowly. "Finn, get over here or you are going to be very sorry, Thr-," Elijah started drawing out his words. "Here, here," Finn breathed. "Good, that was a little too close, young man. You are being punished now for disobedience. I expect you to do exactly as you are told even if you don't want to. Now when you are in the corner, you do not look back and you do not rub your behind," Elijah said holding Finn out in front of him as he stood. "I didn't!" Finn protested. Elijah let go and picked up the wooden oval brushed.Elijah turned him with his left hand and popped him once on each cheek with the brush causing his backside to instantly smart. Pop! Pop!"No more fibbing or lying. You are to tell the truth," Elijah demanded. "Ouch! I will. S-Sorry," Finn wailed, struggling to rub and dance away. "After I paddle you with the hairbrush, you are going to stand in the corner again. This time properly and without arguing. Do you understand?" Elijah prompted. 
Finn didn't reply so Elijah again turned him and swatted him twice. This time one on each sit spot. 
Finn screamed and tried to move away."Stop it! Now, your pants are coming down for this part of your spanking. Do not fight me," Elijah ordered. He slipped down his briefs and shorts to his knees. He needed to see the extent of the damage and turned Finn a little to see. There were a few red oval marks, but that was it.Finn panicked further and began crying in earnest.  "Please don't spank me! I am s-sorry," Finn begun to yell out. Elijah ignored his protest and put him over his lap. He encircled his waist tightly with his left arm. Finn's legs were now free to kick, but his hands were clutching onto Elijah's pant leg."You do not sneak around at rest time. You can go to the bathroom, but that is it," Elijah lectured. Elijah let the cool oval brush rest a moment on Finn's cheeks to give him a moment to get prepared. Not raising his hand high at all, Elijah began to pop the brush down with little snaps of his wrist. He was swatting as lightly as he could, but he could tell that Finn was feeling the brush. Finn was kicking and yelling as Elijah steadily paddled his whole bottom. He swatted until he noticed a shiny redness in some spots. He left the thighs mainly untouched. "Okay, now you are going into the corner to calm down. If I see you misbehaving, what is going to happen?" Elijah questioned. Finn sobbed out that he would get another spanking."Yes, now let's march," Elijah said. He realized Finn's pants had flown off. Elijah took his handkerchief and wiped Finn's face. He arranged Finn in the corner and even folded back his t-shirt to reveal more of his spanked behind."Five minutes," Elijah ordered. Finn sobbed and moved from foot to foot trying to alleviate the terrible, burning stings. He had carried on a great deal, but Elijah figured this was his first real spanking and he wasn't prepared for the shock of the brush. Elijah saw Finn's hand snake down to near his bottom. "Hands back on your head," Elijah reminded. Finn cried, obeyed, and stomped his feet. "If you are throwing a temper tantrum in the corner, you're going to get another paddling," Elijah threatened, but the boy seemed to ignore him.
 
"That's it," Elijah ordered. Finn began to wail and stomp more, this time he openly covered his behind. Elijah came over and pulled him out of the corner. He marched him to the couch and flipped him back over his knee. The boy was kicking and fighting furiously. Elijah swatted the flat of his hand down across the center of his bottom. His hand was large enough to easily cover both cheeks, but Elijah was smacking down as lightly as he could. He cupped his hand and the sound echoed throughout the large room.Crack. Crack. Crack. Crack. Crack.Finn howled and pounded Elijah's left leg with his small fists and he tried to push up with his legs.  Elijah continued to lightly spank his bright pink behind and then his pale thighs until the stubborn boy finally wore himself out. By the end, Finn's backside and thighs were all pink, except the light red oval spots where the hairbrush had swatted.Elijah stopped smacking and began to rub his backside gently. He was a little concerned that he would bruise where the oval hairbrush had landed. He had some cold cream on the coffee table."It's okay, baby. All over. You're forgiven. It's all over," Elijah cooed. Finn whimpered as Elijah rubbed the cream in to sooth the irritated skin. They were supposed to go out to eat tonight. Elijah walked Finn over to his bed and placed him in it on his stomach. He was surprised when the boy shut his eyes again. Elijah rubbed his back and even sung to him in low tones. Although Elijah was swatting as lightly as possible, the boy still seemed well-spanked. He hoped that he could go tonight and behave and put all this behind him. Elijah was worn out too and shut his eyes beside Finn. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday Evening3rd Floor"Marcel, you are a bloody genius! Ha, Elijah will never know until it's too late and this evil thing is burning in the bonfire. I love you," Rebekah said jumping into his arms excitedly. She was holding the now stolen paint paddle that Marcel had found hidden under the desk in Klaus' upstairs study. It felt heavier than she thought it would.   "Um, Rebekah, he could just go to the hardware store and like, get another one. I think these paint stick things are free. Christ, he's going to know it was me. He always does," Marcel mused.  "But he won't, because he'll be looking for it. So why get a new one, when you already have one? It's brilliant! You know how my oldest brother loathes clutter!" Rebekah laughed.  "Um, technically, your eldest bro is Finn and he's getting his tail whupped right now.  You should have heard him, Rebekah, he was so scared about missing that movie tomorrow and that fucked up kids' place. I begged Elijah to just beat his ass and let him go. So I guess I shouldn't feel too bad," Marcel said swinging her around.  "Ah, Marcel, that's so sweet...I think. He could have just let the lad off the hook though," Rebekah quipped. "What are you two lovebirds doing?" Kol yelled from the hallway, "Put your bloody clothes on!" "Shut it, Kol. Are you coming with us and Freya tonight or going with Elijah and them?" Rebekah asked when he came in. "Don't know, Bex. Who is paying?" Kol asked. "That would be Elijah probably," Marcel said rolling his eyes. Rebekah elbowed him.  "I'll go with you blokes! Italian tonight, right?" Kol restated as he walked out of the room.  "Big surprise," Marcel muttered.  "I heard that!" Kol yelled. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Friday EveningElijah's QuartersElijah woke up Finn an hour or so after he fell asleep. He hoped he hadn't been too hard on him.  "Hey Finn, it's time to wake up," Elijah said smoothing his hair back. He kissed his forehead.  "I'm up," Finn croaked. Elijah gave him a water bottle. "So no more sneaking around alright? You can read or play quietly if you don't want to sleep," Elijah said as a reminder. "But why can't I play with you or Vanessa while Henrik is sleeping?" Finn asked soberly. "Because sometimes we need a little break, too. How about tonight, we'll see if we can find you some building sets at that new mall by the restaurant? That will give you a lot to do," Elijah said.  Vanessa came in to see if Finn was up. "Hey, kiddo, you all awake now?" Vanessa smiled. Elijah excused himself to go check on the dinner reservation.  "Yeah, now I am . Where's everyone else?" Finn asked.  "Henrik's playing downstairs, I think. Are you okay?" Vanessa asked concerned.  "Yeah, Dad said I can get a new building set tonight," Finn said.  "That's pretty cool. Let's get you guys ready and dressed for tonight," Vanessa said helping him out of the room. Elijah had mentioned that Finn had been difficult about standing in the corner and he had been firmer with him then he had first intended to be. Vanessa hadn't liked the idea of him using the hairbrush at all. "Vanessa, I wasn't even going to spank him him at all, but keep him home tomorrow as punishment, but he was desperate not to miss the movie and Fun Town tomorrow. Maybe I was wrong? I really was only tapping him with the brush, but it was heavy, maybe too heavy for a little boy" Elijah admitted. "I'm sorry to question you. He seems fine and doesn't have any marks. I know he is a stubborn little guy. I probably should be firmer with him," Vanessa concluded.  "No, please do not ever be afraid to speak up. You are such a caring person, dear. Some people become callous and shrewd when they become vampires, but you have only become more compassionate. That's such a rare gift and I am so lucky to have you in my life. I will throw that horrid hairbrush in the trash," Elijah promised.  "We are all lucky to have you. Now, let's getting going or we are going to be late for the reservation and I know a young man who wants to hit the toy store tonight," Vanessa laughed as he kissed her neck. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Have a good night, brother!" Kol said sarcastically to Klaus as he left with Davina, Freya, Rebekah, and Marcel to go out to dinner. "Oh, I'm sure I'll have a lovely time here with my boys. Say, little brother, you are welcome to join us, as always," Klaus retorted. Kol knew that Klaus was staying home to deal with the older boys. He was always happy to throw his cheeky younger brother over his knee if he wanted to get cute about it. "Ha, very funny. Good night," Kol said leaving quickly before it was too late. Klaus wasn't sure what to do for dinner. He could order take out or just let the boys eat leftovers. That typically meant they only ate junk in his experience, though.  "Boys, what do you want to do for dinner?" Klaus yelled up the stairs. All three yelled back 'pizza' so Klaus ordered that and added on salad, wings, a couple of two-liters, and breadsticks. He figured the salad was healthy.  Klaus called them when the pizza came. Since the boys since weren't allowed to watch tv, they ate sitting around the island in the kitchen. "What were you lads doing up there, may I ask?" Klaus said. He had taken on the habit of eating pizza but chased it with blood that he drank out of a ceramic mug.  "Cleaning. We're trying to throw out all that stuff we are supposed to get rid of," Tyler revealed.  "How much of it was there, Tyler? Dare I ask?" Klaus pressed.  "Kind of a lot actually," Matt jumped in, "I wonder if Mayor Lockwood was selling it on the side or something."Jeremy laughed, "That would be weird." "You know someone in my family has been mayor of this town since its founding. It doesn't pay all that well," Tyler agreed.  "Son, your family has been here much longer than that. For all we know your werewolf gene could come from my biological father's line, in say the late 10th or early 11th century. As to your family fortune, I believe your family took over some land during the founding that may have belonged to vampires," Klaus speculated.  "I wish I had a family fortune, I don't even know my own biological dad," Matt said grabbing wings from across the table. "Matt, ask and I will pass that to you. You need not reach across the table like that. But do not worry, you all shall have a fund for your education and other needs when you go off in the world. And family is who you fight for and who fights for you, not always blood," Klaus said tearing off a piece of a breadstick. "I thought vampires didn't like garlic," Jeremy said. "I thought that we had some business to take care of tonight. Now, finish up. You all know what to do. One of you can use the shower in Rebekah's old room or my bedroom. Oh, I guess I should just tell you all this. It seems that Finn was tampering with all the locks somehow," Klaus shared with an amused look on his face. "That little brat...," Matt mumbled. "Yes, well, I guess he was bored during his nap time and had some notion to go around spying or fixing things. I'm not sure which. He and Elijah went and fixed all the doors again, but I thought you all deserved to know what happened," Klaus reported. "It's fine, he's a kid," Matt said brushing it off.  "Do not fear, I'm sure he learned his lesson," Klaus said getting up to start wrapping up the leftovers.  "As we will learn ours," Tyler muttered getting up to help him.  "Thanks, Tyler. I've got this. You go on. Thirty minutes. Remember I want you all going to bed early tonight so you are well rested for Fun Town," Klaus called at they trudged up the stairs. Friday EveningKlaus' QuartersTyler took his shower, changed, and went into Klaus' room to wait. He didn't even know how to explain to Caroline why he couldn't do anything tonight. He finally just said that Klaus wanted to have dinner with them alone, which kind of ended up being true. He certainly couldn't mention anything about the porn stash to her. Tyler didn't think girls needed porn, maybe they were just in it. He really wasn't sure, but tell Caroline, would be as bad as telling his mom. Jeremy had asked why he hadn't just left the shit in the Lockwood Mansion, but if he stumbled upon it, so could his mom. So he took it- all. Matt came in next looking more nervous than he felt.  "This sucks," Matt whispered. "I wasn't nervous til I saw how fucking nervous you are," Tyler admitted. "Well, Jer said that new paddle with holes in it is a nightmare. I don't want to be at freakin' Fun Town tomorrow and the movies on a bruised ass," Matt complained.  "Oh, yeah, those holes like suck in your skin. Five swats was like horrible and I was healing fast. How the hell did we get in this situation?" Tyler scoffed.  "This one was on me, and I guess Finn.  And your dad from the grave?" Matt said unsure if he should have said that.  "Yeah, that would be ironic, my old man getting me beat for his sick stash," Tyler laughed.  Jeremy came in,"I don't know what I even did."  "Um, attitude yesterday?" Matt offered.  "I can answer that," Klaus said coming in.  "Dad, I'm sorry I was freakin' rude yesterday, but-" Jeremy started. "Jeremy, the vodka?" Klaus stated.  "Great. Bonnie told Freya? Didn't she?" Jeremy sank down into the couch defeated.  Tyler fumed, "So you took that booze from the garbage bag and took it to Bonnie's house? Jesus."  "Sorry," Jeremy muttered.  "Look, tonight, we get everything out in the open and clear the air. Then, it's over, no grudges, no more," Klaus said "This is all mostly my fault. I should have just thrown the booze and magazines in a dumpster. S-Sorry," Tyler choked out.  "No, man. No one forced us to use the stuff. And Dad, I'm sorry about busting in here to get my phone. I know you were trying to avoid a night like tonight having to whup my stupid butt again," Matt said with his head down.  "Matt, what did I say about you talking down on yourself?" Klaus said. "That I'd get the paddle if I did it again," Matt flushed. Klaus pulled the paddleball paddle from the back of his waistband and turned Matt to the side. He smacked it across the seat of his sweatpants twice.  "Sorry," Matt said, more ashamed as the two swats with the light paddle didn't hurt much over his pants. He was relieved to see that paddle though, it stung but was bearable. "From now on, you can expect much more follow through. No more empty threats. Okay, Tyler, you can be first. I have a new salve that will even the playing field here.  All three of you can go ahead and take off your shorts and sweats," Klaus said evenly.  "Is this really necessary?" Tyler fumed. Now that they were here, it just seemed an embarrassing waste of time. His whole body felt flushed and his face was burning. "I am not debating this with you. Jeremy, Matt, go find a corner. Tyler, come here please," Klaus said firmly. Klaus had a towel and the salves. Klaus put the towel over his lap.He took Tyler's old helping hand paddle out of the drawer. "Really, Dad? Is that fair? Come on," Tyler argued.  "Son, your werewolf abilities change things for you. This paddle is heavier and will smart a bit more. Drawers down. And if I were you, I would knock off the attitude," Klaus warned sitting back on the bed.  Tyler nodded and slipped down his briefs to just below his backside. Slowly, he started to lower himself across his father's lap. He was stalling a little. Impatiently, Klaus yanked him downward and hauled him over. He pulled his underpants to Tyler's knees and started to apply the salve. It was cool.  "This has a little wolfsbane in it, but it shouldn't burn, just restrict your healing for a while," Klaus said quietly.  Tyler's heart started pounding and Klaus heard his pulse racing as he lay sprawled over his father's knee. Klaus gave him a pillow and put his hand on his lower back to calm him.  "It's okay, my young wolf, it will be over soon. I'm sorry I have to do this," Klaus said suddenly bringing his hand down hard. Crack! Tyler began to stir, almost instinctively. Klaus thought maybe his survival skills were kicking in. He continued to swat him hard and fast and hold him tightly. If not for his own strength keeping Tyler restrained flat on his lap, the boy would have slid out of his grip. Crack! Crack! Crack!  Tyler bit his lip not to cry out. The salve seemed to work instantly making him feel each blow hotly. Tyler flushed with a feeling of helplessness that he couldn't move, for a moment he felt frantic and enraged. Smack! Smack! Smack!  Then, the swats slowed and lessened. Klaus stopped and rubbed his back a minute.  "Son, calm down. It's just us here. This won't be any worse than it needs to be. Let it out. You're holding it all in. I'm going to take care of you," Klaus murmured soothingly.  "I-I'm s-sorry, D-Dad. I t-trust you," Tyler choked out before starting to let his tears fall. All of his pent up fear, frustration, and anger started to erupt.  Klaus continued to swat him all over in a random pattern "I'm going to pick up the paddle. Are you ready?" Klaus asked, pausing again.  "Y-yeah, y-yes, Dad," Tyler gasped as he felt the familiar smoothness press against his hind quarters. Whack! Klaus brought it down smartly across both cheeks. Tyler jumped involuntarily. Whack! The repeated impact in the same spot caused Tyler to wail more and start flailing. Tyler begged for him to stop, that he was sorry, but then he couldn't speak.Whack! Tyler's head rose up and he yelped a protest. It seemed to hurt worse that he ever recalled.  Whack! Tyler shrieked and sobbed. He fought to get up, but he could barely move.  Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Tyler just collapsed and surrendered to never ending paddling and burning. His sobs died and he just lay defeated. Klaus stopped, put the paddle back in the drawer, and rubbed his back. Tyler's backside was beet red. "It's all going to be okay." After a few moments, he gave Tyler a wash cloth to wipe his face and helped him up. Tyler painfully pulled up his brief and winced as he brought them up.  "No rubbing, let it sink in. Better?" Klaus said standing and hugging his son. His heartbeat had slowed. The anger was gone.  Tyler nodded and almost surprised said, "Yes." "I love you so much. You know that," Klaus said kissing the top of his head. Tyler nodded and pressed his head into his fahter's chest. He began to cry again. "I should have just told you about the stuff I found. I'm sorry," Tyler demurred. "Why didn't you, sweetheart?" Klaus pushed.  "I guess I wanted to control it...and I was curious about some of that stuff. But it was gross. I wish I had never seen it. I should have trusted you," Tyler admitted swiping away a lone tear.  "Okay, all forgiven. We need not ever speak of it again unless you want to. Now go exchange places with Matthew," Klaus said giving Tyler's butt a light pat that made him wince.  "Yes, sir," Tyler smirked as his hand almost went down to rub before Klaus gave him a warning glare. Tyler tapped Matt on the shoulder and moved into the corner, he put his hands on his head. His briefs were sticking to his behind, which was sticky with the salve. He had never wished that he had left his backside bare before, but wondered if it would have stung less. The throbbing was subsiding a little. 

Tyler fought to avoid shifting from foot to foot, like a little boy, but each minute in the corner felt like ten. He leaned his head against the wall and cried more. Matt trudged over looking young and innocent to Klaus with his wide blue eyes and blond hair. But it was his guilty expression that tugged at Klaus's heart. He motioned to Matt to stand in front of him.  "Talk to me," Klaus said softly.  "Nothing. I just feel bad about the phone and the other thing...," Matt groaned.  "Hey, the phone is going to get you smacked and the magazines, but the other thing, no. You know for vampires, we suffer from a deep blood lust. It's nature's way of balancing out things, I've heard. For humans, your urges are biological. Your body wants you to reproduce and mate. They are nothing to be ashamed of or abnormal. My urges have caused me to drain wedding parties during the wedding. I have slaughtered the bride. You have wasted a great deal of water and maybe some socks. There is no comparison," Klaus said looking him in the eye. Matt smiled and flushed at his father's words.  "I mean it, no judging yourself for something that is nothing wrong. Now taking the phone was very naughty. I know Uncle Elijah spanked you already that day, hmm, but taking the dirty magazines after you were warned not to...That is something I'm going to paddle you for," Klaus started.  Matt didn't argue, but his heart began to race too. Klaus turned him and draped him over his knees. He moved him in the same position Tyler was in on the bed, so both Matt's arms and legs were supported by the bed. He threw Tyler's pillow on the floor and got Matt a new one. He peeled down Matt's briefs and decided to just use the salve now. He used the one without the wolfsbane that instead of slowing healing, would protect humans more from bruising.   Unlike with Tyler, Klaus began smacking Matt's bottom in a lighter, slower manner to build up the sting gradually. Matt was able to calm down and keep still. Klaus knew that Matt's emotions were much closer to the surface. "I love you so much. I won't allow you to behave so deceitfully. Sneaking around, stealing things, discounting your punishment," Klaus said applying swats to Matt's behind steadily.  smack. smack. smack. smack. smack.  Matt felt tears roll down his cheek when he heard Klaus say I love you. He felt that. He was ashamed that he had used that key and now his dad had to spank his bare bottom like a little kid's. Matt knew better. He just didn't think he would get caught. He began to sob. The sting in his rear was building and getting hotter. Matt shifted and drummed his feet a little. Klaus began spanking harder as Matt started to shift and thrash around. Klaus' arm encircled Matt's waist and he was not able to slide off the parental lap just yet.  "Okay, I think you had a good warm-up, time for the paddle," Matt looked back to see what paddle and saw Klaus pick up the lighter paddleball instrument they were all familiar with. He exhaled with relief.  "Shh, just try to stay still. No reaching back," Klaus said in a low voice. His quarters were large enough that even though Jeremy and Tyler were standing in the the corners of the room, Matt didn't feel like they could hear every exchange.  "Okay, D-Dad," Matt croaked out.  Klaus rubbed the round wooded paddle over Matt's cheeks a moment before cracking it down. He alternated from the center of the right cheek to left cheek and back again until Matt was kicking and thrashing. Getting even the light swats one over another stung and got more and more hard to bear. Klaus then spanked him on the top of his thighs and back on the center of his behind until the whole surface was a bright red and Matt was sobbing into the pillow. Klaus stopped and almost couldn't bear to stop himself from comforting Matt. He popped his briefs back over his sore seat and stood him on his feet. Matt's hands went to his behind before Klaus stopped him."Not yet, young man. You still have some corner time to do. Give me a hug," Klaus said putting his arms around him.  "Sorry, Dad," Matt cried as he danced a little from foot to foot. The sting was sharp and Matt knew it would soon recede, but right now he really wanted to rub.  "Come, let's get you in the corner," Klaus said marching him to exchange places with Jeremy. Matt also tried to sneak a rub in, but Klaus noticed. "Any rubbing and I will spank your sore bottom again, Matthew. Now think about why you got a paddling and how you plan to behave better in the future," Klaus ordered.  When Matt didn't respond, Klaus smacked him in the center of his cheeks."Okay, okay. I'm sorry," Matt said quickly, now wiggling and moving from foot to foot but locking his hands on his head.  Klaus gripped Jeremy by the arm and walked him to the bed. He could sense the boy was a little rebellious. He had shown that yesterday in the meeting.  "Dadddd, I don't get why I have to get spanked again. I already have to go back to therapy again. It's not fair," Jeremy whined.  "The alcohol? Did you not lie about it?" Klaus prompted.  Jeremy colored and gasped, "I didn't think Bonnie would tell. Freya must have made her."  "Right there is grounds for a good spanking. Just this attitude you are showing. Well, let's take care of it. Underwear to your knees," Klaus demanded.  Jeremy frown and slowly began to obey. Then, stopped and pouted. He was too old to even be spanked, no less having to take down his underwear. Forget it.  "One, two, three, four,..." Klaus began to count.  Jeremy rolled his eyes, "What are you counting for?"  "Those are your extra swats with the school paddle," Klaus said calmly.  "No! Dad, that's not fair. You didn't spank them with it!" Jeremy shouted. "They were not defiant!" Klaus pulled Jeremy to him and pulled down the rest of his underwear to his knees. Jeremy tried to pull away and Klaus smacked his behind hard. Crack! "Ouch!" Jeremy cried with anger, "That hurt!"  Klaus bent Jeremy over his left thigh so his feet were on the floor. He swatted him again. "I'm going to put the salve on. Are you going to stop behaving like a brat throwing a tantrum? Or do you need more extra smacks?" Klaus said smoothing on the cooling salve.  "I'll behave," Jeremy promised roughly. Just two hard spanks from his hybrid father stung and burned. He glanced back to see if he could see if his butt was already red, but Klaus yelled at him to look forward.  "Dad, I'm sorry. I don't want to get it with that school paddle. Please!" Jeremy begged, starting to panic that he wouldn't be able to take the spanking with that thing again.  Klaus' response was to start swatting Jeremy's pink cheeks. Jeremy threw back both of his hands and Klaus grabbed them in his left hand and bent him over a little more. Spank. Spank. Spank. Spank. Spank. Spank.  Klaus reddened Jeremy's backside as he tried to move his hips from side to side, but Klaus grip on his hands left that impossible. Jeremy's cries for mercy and reprieve went on answered. All he could do was stomp and kick his feet as the spanking continued unabated and he cried harder.  Klaus paused and grabbed his hands now in the front.  He wiped his tearful face and made him blow his running nose.   "Now, I'm going to put you back over my lap and paddle you. This is for your lying, the porn, and your insolent attitude yesterday. How else did you misbehave, young man?" Klaus said rubbing his backside as he moved back and shifted his son fully over his lap.  "I cursed and was disrespectful. S-Sorry, D-Daddy, please n-no more s-spanking," Jeremy wailed.  "Yes, your language was very poor. From now on, every curse word is going to result in a good swat to your backside with the paddle, I may add. There are going to be some new rules starting tonight," Klaus threatened. Klaus gave Jeremy a clean pillow and picked up the smaller wooden paddle that he had used on Matt.  Jeremy felt the paddle tap his rear and he begun to cry and thrash around. He was kicking his feet and trying to get off Klaus' lap. "Settle down or you are going to get another spanking tomorrow morning. Honestly, Jeremy, I am starting to think you need a firmer hand and more frequent spankings. Do you hear me?" Klaus said giving him the first loud pop of the paddle.  Pop!Pop! Pop!Pop!Jeremy just wailed and begged for the paddling to end. Klaus chuckled as he had just started. This paddle was light and Jeremy could take much more. Pop! Pop! Pop!Jeremy screamed and thrashed to fight off the crescendo of stout whacks to his now sensitive bottom. Pop! Pop!Pop!"Behave!" Klaus ordered as he thought he heard Jeremy curse in his sobbing, even his vampire hearing wasn't clear. Pop! Pop! After assaulting all of Jeremy's behind, Klaus popped him on the sit spots until they were pink.  Klaus stopped and put the paddle down. He rubbed Jeremy's backside with his hand and wondered what had gotten into the boy. He let him calm down and then tapped his backside lightly. "What's going on, Jeremy?"  "S-Sorry, just mad I-I got c-caught I g-guess," Jeremy cried.  "You did, but it's over. You've been punished. I don't think you can take those other paddle swats tonight," Klaus admitted.  "No! I want to get it over with. Please, D-Daddy," Jeremy begged. "Okay, Son," Klaus pulled up Jeremy's briefs causing him to howl and clutch his behind frantically.  "Stop it. Now bend over the bed. Stay still. This is going to smart," Klaus reminded him. Klaus got the school paddle from his drawer and turned around. He lined it up with Jeremy's lower cheeks. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! He gave the boy four quick whacks. Jeremy howled and lay sobbing on the bed. They were light, but anything more would have bruised him. Klaus pulled up Jeremy's underwear to check his backside a little more.  The six holes in the 1/2 inch thick paddle left white marks on Jeremy's behind where they touched.  "I'm warning you to be on your best behavior or I will spank you tomorrow no matter if I have to take you into the bathroom at Fun Town to do it. Do you understand?" Klaus asked.  "Yes, you won't have to," Jeremy assured him.  Klaus sat down and pulled Jeremy into his arms. Jeremy whined when his sore cotton covered behind rubbed against Klaus' thigh.  "A spanking and two paddlings. So naughty tonight? I love you and I hated to do that, but I will again if your behavior demands it," Klaus said hugging him and patting his back. Jeremy was rubbing his backside frantically.  "No rubbing. Back in the corner a moment," Klaus said sending him off with a swat. Klaus put the salves, towels and paddles away. He picked up the paddleball paddle, as he might not be finished with it. He went to the corner and hugged each boy again. With a quick paddle swat, he sent each one to go sit on the couch.  "Boys, I want to talk to you before I put you to bed," Klaus said using those words on purpose. The boys squirmed on their stinging behinds, but the throbbing had died down.  "I feel like some of your lapses in behavior have been my fault for being too lackadaisical with you. I'm going to be checking your room. If I find any alcohol, drugs, pornography, tobacco, or other things you shouldn't have, this little paddling will seem like a cake walk. No more swearing or disrespect, each time is going to be one paddle swat. I've tried to have some leeway with you, but I don't think that is doing you any favors. You will attend the first therapy session and we will go from there," Klaus shared.  "So we say one swear word and we get spanked?" Jeremy said in disbelief.  "Yes, warning and other punishments have not curbed it. My sweet sons, do you not think I can hear how you talk when I am not in the room with you?" Klaus said seriously. Tyler colored, "Dad, I'm sorry. It's just the way kids talk now. We don't mean any disrespect, but it would be weird if we talk never swearing." "Tyler, let me put it this way, I hear it, you get a swat and maybe even a mouth soaping. No discussion," Klaus said plainly. "What about our room?" Matt asked. He had been doing the bulk of the cleaning. The other two were lazy slobs. "Again, you have very few chores. A swat for each reminder," Klaus said simply.  "Dad, can I have my own room? I'm tired of cleaning up after them," Matt fumed.  "Of course, Matthew. Take Rebekah's old room," Klaus said Matt smiled, that room was a suite. It was pretty awesome, but would be a lot to keep up with.  "Finn's old room is also available, isn't it?" Jeremy asked.  "Yes," Klaus said. "I'll take it," Jeremy said.  "So you guys are leaving. That's really nice. Thanks a lot," Tyler groused.  "Trial run. See how it goes," Klaus said.  "Dad, why are you doing this?" Tyler cried, getting upset.  "Because your behaviors are getting out of control with the lying, the deceit, the language, the slacking. Behave yourselves and you don't have to worry about getting punished. I am proud of all of you in a lot of ways, but I don't want to see you go down the wrong paths. If you want to talk to me more about it, I'm here for you. Oh, and bedtime. I want ALL of you IN your bed at 10 pm, no later," Klaus went on.  "What about weekends?" Jeremy asked.  "12 on Fridays and Saturdays, except on nights like tonight when you get a spanking. Then, you shall be put to bed early," Klaus concluded.  "So what if we are running late," Matt asked nervously.  "No excuses. If you aren't in bed, teeth brushed, homework done, by 10 pm then I will spank you and put you to bed myself with a red backside," Klaus promised.  "This is so embarrassing. We're not little kids!" Tyler scoffed.  "I know. If you can behave properly then you will obey the rules and never feel my hand over your behinds again. I swear to you. Have I, or anyone, ever swatted you around here for no reason, hmm?" Klaus pressed.  "Tyler? Answer me!"  "No," Tyler admitted.  "Then, behave and you shall have nothing to fear," Klaus reminded all of them.  "Can I sleep in my own room tonight?" Tyler asked sharply.  "Of course, Son," Klaus answered. "I don't expect you to like it. If you did, it wouldn't be much of a deterrent to bad behavior, would it? We already give you everything we have so I don't know what else I could reward you with," Klaus admitted.  "Dad, I would like to stay here with you tonight," Matt said. He thought Tyler was being a jerk. Matt had never had it so good in his life.  A real family, meals, clean clothes, and people caring. Tyler had never had an empty refrigerator or nothing clean to wear to school. Matt remembered nights went he and his sister hadn't even had water or electricity. Then, his mother wouldn't even come home for days. All they had to do was be good and nothing would happen.  "Me, too," Jeremy said.  "Of course," Klaus said.  "Tyler, come back in if you change your mind," Klaus said.  "I will. I just need to be alone," Tyler said as Klaus hugged him tightly.  "It's okay. I just want you all to be on the right track and develop good habits before it's too late," Klaus confessed.  "I know. I love you. It's just a lot," Tyler said.  "Okay, bed...Matt, what's that? Is your stomach growling? Guys, go eat if you are hungry again. Then, right back up here into bed okay," Klaus said kissing them on the forehead. He loved his boys deeply, but he had to see an improvement in behavior. No more half-hearted warnings, they would have to learn that he meant what he said. However, if they were hungry, he wasn't going to starve them. Klaus went to brush his own teeth and then got into bed himself. 
  
    Chapter Text
    “It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are.”– E.E. Cummings Friday EveningNear Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010At the Italian restaurant that evening, Rebekah and Freya decided to go shopping tomorrow instead of going to that kids' movie and Fun Land. Rebekah said Davina needed some more winter clothes as New Orleans was so warm. They would ask Vanessa and make a it a day just for the girls.  Davina glanced at Kol, "Rebekah, I don't need to go. You know what I like, you pick out what you want."  "Nonsense, it will be fun. Come on, you can get your nails done at that new nail place. I'll compel the owner to let us in without appointments.  "Sister, you're so bad," Freya laughed.  "Call Bonnie and the girls, they can join. On me," Rebekah said trying to entice Davina to want to go.  Kol felt a little bad for his sister.  "Go, have fun with the ladies. I was going to look at cars tomorrow. Elijah is tired of me always driving his Porsche," Kol admitted.  "But-," Davina started. She had been hoping to spend the day with Kol while everyone else was gone. He told everyone who was done with Fun Town. "But nothing, young lady, you are going with the girls and that is final," Marcel said in a firm tone. His glare was daring her to talk back to him.  "Fine. If you will excuse me, I've lost my appetite," Davina said throwing down her cloth napkin on the table. Marcel and Kol got up politely as she left the table. Kol shrugged at Marcel. Marcel knew he had been trying to help, but Davina couldn't spend her life only concerned with Kol. "I'll go," Rebekah said. "No, honey, let me go," Freya said firmly. She hesitated and then picked up her large purse and brought it with her.  "Ah, she doesn't have like a bunch of potions and grimoires in her purse does she?" Kol wondered.  "No, but I wouldn't be surprised if she didn't have that giant wooden spoon in there," Rebekah cringed and they all laughed nervously. Marcel ordered another very expensive bottle of wine. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Friday EveningMikaelson MansionKlaus woke up suddenly. Jeremy and Matt were sleeping in the bed beside him. Matt was snoring softly. Klaus got up and sat a minute on the side of the bed. It wasn't late. He must have only been asleep a few moments. Klaus got up and walked down the hall.   "Tyler," he knocked softly, "I know you're up, Son." He went in, the room was dark, but he could see that Tyler was balled up on the couch crying. He went over and smoothed back his hair.  "Want to tell me about it?" Klaus asked softly.  Tyler shook his head. He couldn't put what he felt into words. A part of him just felt sad and alone.  "Come sleep in my room?" Klaus said. He couldn't leave him like this. He wouldn't.  Tyler said, "Okay." He voice was small.  Klaus picked him up from the couch. He scooped him up quickly with one arm under his neck and the other under his knees. "Dad, I'm not a baby or a bride! Jeez," he laughed through his tears.  "Shhh, it's fine," Klaus said as he vamped back to his quarters.  He arranged Tyler under the covers and got in the bed. Now, he felt like he could sleep.  Klaus rubbed Tyler's arm and said, "You're not alone."  "I know," Tyler said softly. And he wasn't. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Davina," Freya said gently, touching her on the shoulder.  "Can I be alone for like, five minutes?" Davina hissed. She turned and saw Freya. "Is that how you speak to Rebekah and Marcel? I don't care how upset you are, you need to dial it back a notch. This is a very expensive restaurant and we can't cause a scene here," Freya scolded.  "Freya, is it so wrong that I love him and I need to be with him?" Davina demanded, turning to Freya. "Sweetheart, listen to me, it's not wrong. But you can't make him your entire life. You need your own friends, your own interests, and you need to still be the kind of person you can be proud to be. You have your whole life ahead of you. A career, a family, college. I know you are in love but there is more to life than a boy. And I say that knowing he is my little brother. He'll wait for you," Freya said holding her arm lightly.  "I know what you're saying is right, I'll try harder," Davina promised, swiping at her eyes.  "Davina, you've been through a lot. But you need to figure out who you are. Do you want to be a nurse, an astronaut, a professional paint dryer? Whatever, but you can't do that if you have no time to breathe and think. And you're not treating the people around you very nicely. Rebekah just wants to buy you clothes and spent time with you. Do you know how lucky that makes you? I'm not talking about the money, but the fact that you have all these people who care about you and want to do things with you and for you. That makes you very lucky," Freya shared.  "Why would anyone want to be a professional painter dryer?" Davina giggled.  "I don't know, but that's not the point. Davina, I love you, dear, but I mean it, watch the attitude," Freya warned, smiling a little.  "I will. Freya, what's with the purse, though?" Davina asked.  "You don't want to find out. Now let's go back to the table. This dinner is costing Marcel like $1200," Freya laughed putting her arm around her. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Saturday Morning"How was dinner?" Klaus asked drinking coffee today out of his mug. "Good. The boys got a little restless after about an hour. But like Vanessa said, if they are ever going to learn to do things, we need to take them out," Elijah said. He was making a frittata with spinach in it.  "Vanessa's so good with them. She's the best baby vampire I've ever seen. You are a lucky man, Brother," Klaus added. "Indeed, I am. I think she thought I was a little hard on Finn last night, but then she saw how much his behavior improved after I spanked him yesterday," Elijah mentioned whisking the eggs.  "Amazing how that works. I told the older boys about my little plan to crack down on them, literally. I mean it, Elijah, I'm going to give them a swat each time they misbehave, no more empty threats and warnings. My 'trying other methods' just seemed to cause so many more problems," Klaus said playing with his cup.  "So no more of this infernal groundings and restrictions? I don't care for them myself," Elijah admitted.  "Maybe a few hours without their phone or sent to their rooms, but a month? It's far too long. All it does is make them angry and resentful and sneaky. I told them in bed by 10, rooms clean, no cursing, and all that or else," Klaus explained, getting up to get more coffee.  "Rooms?" Elijah asked confused.  "Oh, Matt decided he wanted to split up. Apparently Jeremey and Tyler are still letting Matthew do the lion's share of the cleaning and he is tired of it. He's staying in Rebekah's old room," Klaus said. "That's a huge suite. Honestly, I think it is bigger that Matt's old entire home," Elijah smiled.  "I know. It's a little ridiculous, but I think Matt wanted to make a stand. I'm sure they will be back together by the end of the week," Klaus predicted.  "Well, I do like the more consistent and stricter discipline regime. Perhaps, we should make it across the board. I spoke to Freya last night. She said our young love sick Harvest witch almost threw a fit at their dinner. Marcel was ordering $300 bottles of wine and Rebekah was trying to placate the girl. I guess all the ladies are going on a shopping trip today and Davina didn't want to be away from Kol," Elijah explained, cutting up tomatoes.  "Three hundred dollar bottles of wine you say? I don't even know what to say except, I think Rebekah and Marcel have a different set of issues than our unruly boys. Maybe they need the number of the therapist?" Klaus mused. "Perhaps? Or maybe they need a bit of tough love for the girl.  Are you thinking of smacking the boys wherever they are or waiting and adding up the offenses? Truth be told, I find myself often needing to calm down before I deal with them anymore. But maybe that is because they have had so many warnings and chances, that I am just frustrated," Elijah said. "I'm hoping just the threat will be deterrent enough. But I suppose, I'm backing down again, aren't I? No more, I think I need to give them a swat or two wherever or whenever they misbehave, even if I have to shuck down their trousers in front of everyone. If they don't like it, they will just need to start minding me better," Klaus said with authority.  "Niklaus, they are good boys. Perhaps we have both been inconsistent with them and lax, but they have also been provided with a great deal here. So many toys, clothes, games, sports, and attention. How many other children get all that support? I don't think it is too much to expect them to clean up their room, be respectful, and be in bed by 10pm," Elijah stated.  "No, we aren't expecting all that much," Klaus agreed. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Saturday AfternoonDavina texted Kol to see what he was doing right after they got to the mall. It was now three hours later and she hadn't heard from him. She was getting irritated.  Freya had invited Bonnie. She, Elena, and Caroline were at the Grill. They invited Davina, but she declined. Rebekah offered to drop her off, but she wasn't interested. She just wanted to go home.  After buying enough clothes and shoes to fill the SUV, the ladies finally decided to go to lunch. "Well, you got some really nice things, Davina," Vanessa said slipping at her water.  "Yeah, I did. Thanks," Davina said, checking her phone.  "Honey, put your phone away. You've had it out all day," Rebekah said gently.  "I've hardly looked at it!" Davina yelled.  "Davina, what did we talk about last night?" Freya scolded.  "Oh my god, so what? I have two nagging mothers now? Un-fucking-real," Davina said getting up.  "Sit down, please," Rebekah said.  "What? Am I a prisoner? Not allowed to go to the bathroom. Jesus," Davina said getting up and heading to the restroom.  Freya said, "We just went to the restroom!" Vanessa mouthed "I'm sorry" to Rebekah.  "Stop it, luv. It's not your fault. It's mine. I guess I've been acting more like her friend than her mum since she got back. That's ends today. Would you ladies excuse me?" Rebekah said getting up.  "Ah, Sister, take my purse. You might find a handy tool in there. I'll put a sound proofing spell on the door," Freya promised.  "Thanks, sis," Rebekah smiled.  Vanessa cringed, "I feel bad." "Don't, Vanessa," Freya said calmly, "I think Davina was just looking for an excuse to explode. Rebekah probably should have reddened her bratty behind last night." Vanessa asked curiously, "What is in the purse?"  "Oh, I found this great old hairbrush on the garage floor. It might have fallen out of an old box or something," Freya shared.  "Oh, I think Elijah gave Finn a few taps with particular hairbrush and I was anxious about it and he decided to toss it," Vanessa laughed.  "Oh, he'd never be too hard on the children. I'm finding that vampires are afraid of their own strength and tend to go a little easier on humans. Maybe that is what Davina has been such a brat?" Freya mused.  They heard a sound coming from the bathroom.  "Oops, I forgot to do the spell," Freya said getting up. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"You can yell at me all you want, you're not getting my cell phone," Davina shouted.  Rebekah took a deep breathe, "That phone is the least of your worries right now, little girl."  Rebekah vamped over and grabbed her. There was a small, padded bench outside the dryer area. Rebekah put her foot on it and bent Davina over her thigh. She began to smack the seat of her pants. Davina tried to jerk out of her grasp, but Rebekah's Original vampire strength was no match for the young witch. Rebekah dug into the bag to find the old, oval wooden hairbrush. "This is my old brush," Rebekah recalled wondering how Freya got it.  She hefted it with her right hand and began to swat Davina's sit spots and the top of her thighs soundly.  "Do I have your attention now?" Rebekah said. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! "Yes!" Davina spat, still trying to protect her bottom.  "You are acting like a spoiled brat. We are going to go out there and finish lunch after you apologize. Then, we will go home and you will go to your room to think about your poor behavior. And the phone? It's done. Give it to me," Rebekah said.  Davina began to cry.  Rebekah grabbed her hands in the front and leaned her forward more.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! She applied the hairbrush hard to the center of both cheeks until Davina began to yell that she would turn over the phone.  Davina fished the phone out of her front pocket. Rebekah took it and went to the garbage can and crumbled it into tiny pieces.  "Now, can you apologize or do you need a few more swats?" Davina came back to the table red faced and apologized to Freya and Vanessa. She squirmed in her seat, but was quiet and respectful. They didn't stay long after and headed home. 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^The older and younger boys had fun at the movies and Fun Town. It was a busy day and after all the sugar and excitement, they were all tired. As promised, Klaus gave the older boys $50 a piece and their cell phones back. Their electronic restriction was limited.  "Why doesn't everyone go upstairs and rest?" Elijah said. "I'm not tired," Henrik whined.  "Oh, I think you are, buddy," Matt said picking him up. Elijah patted Matt on the shoulder in thanks as he took Henrik up to his room.  "You want a ride Finn?" Tyler asked. Finn rode upstairs on his shoulder.  "Paint later, Dad?" Jeremy asked Klaus.  "Sure thing, Son. I'm going to go rest my eyes now, too," Klaus said heading up himself. Tyler and Matt were wrestling around with the younger boys when Klaus passed.  "Gentleman, take a break. Get in your beds. The boys have played with you for hours, that's enough," Klaus said letting the older two go and getting the younger two to change into their pajamas.  Vanessa came in, "Hey guys, how was it?" The boys filled her in on the movie and Fun Town.  Klaus asked how the shopping trip went. Vanessa couldn't help but grimace.  "Rebekah had to take Davina into the bathroom and have a little talk with her. She wasn't very well-behaved," Vanessa confided.  "Oh, I'm so to hear that. I'll try to check in with them later. I'm going to go rest myself," Klaus said leaving.  When Klaus got to his room, he found Marcel waiting.  "Papa, I need some advice," Marcel said.  "Of course, Son. Is it Davina?" Klaus said leading him to the couch.  "Yeah, Rebekah's upstairs crying. She swatted her at the mall, but the real issue is Davina's obsession with Kol. He's been really good about it. I just don't know if we can tell them they need to break up, you know how well that worked with Rebekah and me," Marcel smirked.  Klaus laughed, "Yes, I wouldn't try that. But maybe some more tough love is needed to let her know you mean business about her attitude."  "What do you mean?" Marcel said carefully.  "All three of the older boys have been acting up lately, just lying, sneaking around, drinking, drugs, you name it. I had been trying to give them second chances and warnings...Taking about their electronics, trying to think outside the box to get them to listen. None of that really worked. I told them last night, they misbehave, they get a swat. They break a rule, they are punished, no more fooling around," Klaus shared.  "I mean, to be honest, these kids have it made, they live in a mansion with the best of everything. I don't think you're being too hard on them, but could I do that with Davina? I just don't know if our relationship is strong enough...I just don't know what she needs," Marcel said getting up and throwing his arms up.  "What does your heart tell you?" Klaus asked. "That she wants to belong. That she wants to be secure in her place, that she does want limits, but Klaus? Maybe she wants to know we're really her parents," Marcel suggested.  "Then, why don't you adopt her?" Klaus suggested.  "She has a bio dad, but no one knows where he is," Marcel said glumly.  "No matter, we'll compel a judge. She'll be yours officially," Klaus said grandly.  "Yeah, I think that is what she wants from us, to know that we aren't going to bail on her. Congrats," Marcel said.  "For what, Son?" Klaus asked.  "You'll be a grandfather!" Marcel laughed as Klaus clasped him to him lightly. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010Mikaelson Mansion Sunday Morning "Holy shit, this room is fucking huge!" Tyler said in awe looking around Matt's new room. which had been Rebekah's old suite.  He'd been in here before, but not that much.  Matt shoved him lightly, "Shut up, you moron. You're going to get us in trouble."  "Oh yeah, I'm trying man. You know, old habits and all...? What's with this closet?" Tyler said playing with the rotating shoe rack.  "I honestly can't figure out what the point of it is. I think you need more shoes for it to make sense, like...Forget it, are you cool with me doing this? For real, bro?" Matt asked sitting down on the bed. There was a queen sized bed in here now.  Tyler joined him and laid back, "Great mattress..." "Ty,...I'm serious," Matt prodded.  "No Matt, I'm cool with it. I mean, I get why you moved out. This room is kind of awesome. That balcony is cool," Tyler said staring at the ceiling.  "That's not why I left and you know it," Matt reminded him.  "I know. It wasn't fair that we always made you clean up. You know I'm an asshole about stuff like that. Well, now, I guess I need to pick up my dirty clothes or...," Tyler smirked.  "You really don't think you'll get your ass handed to you over this do you?" Matt pressed.  "Not really. I think it's just an empty threat. I don't get why we can't have a maid again. The other two always cleaned our room," Tyler scoffed. "The one tried to have us like, sacrificed, and the other was murdered," Matt noted.  "True, but that cleaning service people could do our rooms," Tyler pushed.  "They could, but this is a big ass place. I'm not trying to lecture you, but it will not kill you to pick up a wet towel or put clean clothes in a drawer every now and now," Matt asserted.  "Yes, Mother...We could put a basketball hoop in here. Or a foosball table?" Tyler mused.  "Yeah, I'm definitely getting a mini-fridge. Where's Jer?" Matt asked.  "Painting or drawing, something gay like that," Tyler responded. "Uncle Kol said he'd let me drive the Porsche later," Matt offered. "Is it his now?" Tyler asked.  "Yeah, I guess Uncle Elijah can't have it with kids or something. I wish someone would give me a freaking sports car. I'll find you before we go," Matt assured him.  "Damn, I better go clean my fucking room then or I won't be allowed to go," Tyler said getting up.  "Dude, vampire hearing!" Matt hissed.  "The rooms are sound proofed as long as the doors are shut, they can't hear us," Tyler promised.  "Really?" Matt probed. "Yeah, I'm sure. But honestly, you're right. I gotta watch myself. No use stirring up a hornet's nest," Tyler mused.  "What does that mean?" Matt wondered.  "Ah, never mind. Find me before you go," Tyler said leaving.  Matt got up and turned off the rotating closet.  Then, he flexed for a couple minutes in front of the giant mirror. He went into the pink marble bathroom and stripped down. One thing about this room is that it had a great shower, there was a sauna in it, a rainfall thing and even a little bench in there. Matt really did feel like he was living in a dream sometimes. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Hey," Kol said coming behind Davina. He wanted to run his fingers through her thick hair. Davina had a fuzzy sweater on and had a mug of coffee. The weather was turning colder and leaves were falling.  "Hey, yourself," Davina smiled. That smile lit up her face and made him feel like everything was going to be okay, but he wasn't sure about that.  "So, I hear you have good news," Kol said siting in the adirondack chair beside her and brushing her foot with his.  "Yes, Marcel and Rebekah are adopting me officially," Davina shared happily. They had had a long talk last night. She hadn't really known that it was something she wanted until they brought it up. "Congrats, luv. I guess you will be my niece then officially," Kol stated.  "Ewwww, you just made that gross! I'm not calling you uncle," Davina giggled. She got up to sit in his lap. Kol put his hands up to slow her down. "Hey, hang on. Darling, I think we need to cool it a little more.  We can't carry on like this, though I would like nothing more," Kol said with a pained look on his face.  "Kol, are you breaking up with me?" Davina cried.  "No, Davina. But I want you to have a life. This isn't my sisters or Marcel talking either, this is me. You need to have friends and your own social life, okay? The two of us sitting around holding hands and trying to stop from doing more, isn't living. I can't be everything to you," Kol went on.  Davina stood, "Kol Mikaelson, you are breaking up with me. Just admit it."  "My love, this isn't for me, this is for you. I can wait for you. A year, ten years, fifty years.  Please, I'm begging you, give this a try. For me, please," Kol pleaded. Tears were forming in Kol's eyes. The thought of her with another guy made him want to shove one of Klaus' daggers in his own chest, but he had to do this. Davina nodded, "I'm only doing this for you. Do you hear me? Because I love you so much and I will do anything to make you happy. Even if it means, leaving you alone again. I don't like it, but I guess I understand." Davina got on her tiptoes and kissed him on the lips for a last times.  "Goodbye, my love," she said and she walked back to the house. She wanted until she got inside to breakdown.  Kol vamped to the woods and looked at the house from a distance.  He knew he was doing the right thing for her, for the family. Is this what it was like to be the noble Elijah? No, Elijah had been doing this ten times longer. Kol jumped up to a tree and sat in a high branch. At times like this, he missed magic so much. He wanted to burn things and feel the energy course through his body through his fingers, like when he was a boy. Being a vampire cut him off from nature, the only thing close he got was when he was drinking blood or being near...her. He had to be the strong one for once.  Kol had promised Matt he'd take him out to the Quarry and let him drive the Porsche. The kid liked fast cars. Maybe Kol would have a little drink while he was out there, what was to stop him? ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Henrik and Finn wanted to play video games in Tyler's room after breakfast. Since they had all gone on Friday and Saturday, there were no big plans today except to relax. Klaus had reminded all of the boys that he wanted their rooms cleaned by the afternoon. Elijah was doing laundry and they could at least put that in the hampers. "No! That's not fair. I almost got it," Henrik yelled throwing down the controller on the floor.  "Hey, Henrik, if you break that again, you are not playing with me anymore," Tyler warned.  "But I keep losing!" Henrik screamed.  Tyler looked at the clock, "Hey, I have to clean up in here. You guys better go get all your dirty clothes and put them in the basket in the hallway. NOW!"  Finn scowled, "We don't have to listen to you. Why are you being so mean?"  "Guys, go now! I have shit to do...Fuck, go before I throw you both out on your asses," Tyler said turning off the game system. Henrik started to cry that he still wanted to play. "Go, I mean it," Tyler said pushing them out and slamming the door shut. Tyler started gathering up wrappers and throwing them out. He then started gathering up glasses and plates for the kitchen. They really weren't even supposed to be eating in their rooms, but they did. He started to get all the clothes on the floor to throw in the basket in the hallway. "He did what?" Tyler heard Klaus say. His stomach fell. He went back in his room and said a silent prayer that he wasn't in trouble. One goddamn day, he couldn't go one day, could he? "What did you say to the boys?" Klaus demanded.  Tyler's face blanked out, "Nothing. I just told them to get out so I could clean. They were being obnoxious and Henrik threw the controller." Damn, he knew his heartbeat revealed his deceit. He saw the school paddle in Klaus' hand.  "Dad, no, please!" Tyler blurted, instinctively covering his backside. Klaus advanced on him and grabbed his arm, turning him to the side.  "Move your hands!" Klaus demanded. Tyler winced and reluctantly obeyed. Whap! Whap! The swats stung over the nylon material of Tyler's shorts.  "You cursed at them?" Klaus asked angrily.  "They wouldn't listen!" Tyler defended himself.  Klaus turned him and started to yank down his basketball shorts.  "No, Dad, I'm sorry," Tyler whined unable to keep himself from struggling to keep his pants up. He hadn't put on underwear because he couldn't find any clean pairs this morning when he had showered.  "Where's your underwear?" Klaus demanded.  "I didn't have any clean pairs," Tyler gasped feeling the cool wood of the blade of the heavy paddle line up on his rear. "Stand still," Klaus said sharply.  Thud! "Ahhhh, oh my god!" Tyler shrieked clutching his backside.  "One more. More your hands," Klaus ordered.  Thud! "Owwww," Tyler said again crying and trying to rub the fierce sting out. Klaus pulled up his shorts and dragged Tyler with him.  "Where are we going?" Tyler sobbed.  "You're going to apologize. They were both crying. You know how much they look up to you. Now hurry, unless you want me to,-" Klaus started.  Tyler frantically interrupted, "No, I'm coming. Please D-Dad, no more."  Still carrying the paddle in his right hand and guiding Tyler with his left, Klaus entered the younger boys' room.  "Tyler has something to say, boys," Klaus announced.  Elijah had Finn on his lap and Henrik was sitting on the floor.  "Hey guys, I'm sorry I was mean to you," Tyler choked out the best that he could without crying.  "You said bad words, Tyler!" Finn chided.  "Sorry, buddy. I shouldn't have. I just get mad sometimes when you don't listen to me," Tyler admitted.  "Sorry," Henrik whispered.  Elijah said something in Finn's ear and he got up and hugged Tyler around the waist. Henrik saw and ran over a minute later. He was shorter and Tyler flinched when his shorts rubbed against his sore backside. "Sorry, Uncle Elijah. I should have called you instead of yelling at them," Tyler contemplated. Elijah got up and kissed him on the head,"All better now. They'll be fine. Thank you."  Klaus guided Tyler back to his room. He put the heavy square paddle with holes drilled into it on the dresser. "I want this room cleaned in one hour or you're going to get a real spanking. And you can forget about going driving with Matt and Kol, got it?" Klaus asked. "Yeah, I got it," Tyler grumped.  Klaus stepped forward, turned him, and smacked Tyler on each sit spot with his hand, "Try again."  "Yes, sir. I understand," Tyler wept.  Klaus gave him a stern look and shut the door.  Tyler's butt was on fire. He went to the bathroom and examined the damage. There were circular bruises and marks where the holes had landed, but no other damage. Tyler knew he was already healing, but the pain of the board on his bare butt was shocking. Klaus didn't even seem to be swinging it that hard. Was this his new life? Getting paddled with that thing for every little mistake? For a second, it crossed his mind to call his mom to pick him up. She maybe wasn't around a lot, but at least she couldn't just spank him anymore.  Or even if she tried, it would be a few token smacks that didn't hurt, not this. Tyler swiped away his tears and blew his nose. He very gingerly began to clean up again, but his behind ached every time his shorts rubbed against his skin. Could he clean without pants? Tyler was seriously considering this when Jeremy walked in with a box.  "Hey, I just came for...," Jeremy said, but stopped when he saw Tyler's face and then saw the school paddle on the dresser.  "Already? Really?" Jeremy said in a disappointed voice.  "I don't want to talk about it. Can you just help me clean before I get paddled with that thing again?" Tyler asked in a rough voice. Jeremy was taken aback, "Um, yeah, of course. I can get my stuff later. I'm sorry, man. I know Alaric is my uncle by marriage now, but that was just wrong of him to give Dad that paddle." "Yeah," Tyler agreed tonelessly. He just wanted to get this cleaned fast. With Jeremy's help, everything was pretty clean but the time Klaus came back. "Hi Jeremy, you didn't want to go with Kol and Matt?" Klaus asked.  "Not my thing," Jeremy answered. He picked up the box of stuff he had hastily pack and started to leave.  "Thanks, Jer," Tyler called out.  "It looks good, guys," Klaus said.  Tyler was angry and he still felt some stinging that was irritating him.  "May I see? No more smacks, I just want to check," Klaus said gently.  Tyler turned and let Klaus examine his backside.  "It healed. You know why I swatted you," Klaus asked. Tyler nodded glumly.  "Would you come sit with me a moment?" Klaus asked.  "No, Dad. Can I just lay down? I'm worn out now," Tyler remarked.  "Of course," Klaus said, "The paddle can go in your sock drawer. I think we'll keep it in here for when you misbehave.""Great," Tyler said dryly.  "I love you. We can talk when you're not angry," Klaus said turning to leave.  Tyler wanted to say he wasn't mad, but he was.  
  
    Chapter Text
    For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack.                                                                            -Rudyard Kipling Outside Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010Steven's QuarrySunday Afternoon Kol drove to the quarry in the black Porsche that was now his.  Kol always did like flashy cars, and Elijah didn't so Kol had no idea why he had purchased a Porsche in the first place. Sometimes Kol would just compel some guy having a mid-life crisis to hand over his keys and go over a joyride if the guy had a really nice car. However, on Elijah's vehicles all the paperwork was in proper order and he could hang on to it.  "Uncle Kol, um, did something happen with you and Davina?" Matt asked shyly.  "Why do you ask?" Kol said looking at Matt quickly as he was driving.  "I could hear her crying when she came in the house this morning. I asked if she was okay, but I don't think she heard me," Matt mentioned.  "Aye, I think we need to take a break, so she can have more of a normal life. You know, friends, activities, school, the things she was brought here to have. Not to rot away with me," Kol said going a little faster.  "Yeah, I get it I guess," Matt said looking at the window. He actually didn't understand at all. He could tell it was hard for Kol to talk about so he just shut up.  "How come Tyler didn't come? I thought both of you blokes wanted to drive this baby," Kol asked. "Oh, Jer said he, ah, well, got in trouble and still had to clean his room. I guess Dad used that freakin' school paddle on his bare ass. We're all on like probation or something, any screw up and out comes the wood," Matt grimaced.  "That bad, eh?" Kol pressed.  "Worse. I warned Ty this morning that Dad wasn't bluffing and he better watch his ass, but he never listens to me. Stubborn prick, don't tell my dad I swore or I'll be next," Matt smirked.  "I do not have the habit of being a, what do you say now, rat? Snitch? Now Marcellus, Finn, they were, but never me. Anyway, we're here to have fun, right? You can drive and do what you want ...but just don't wreck this thing and kill yourself or I'll be getting worse than a board across my ass, ya hear?" Kol said as they pulled up to the Quarry.  "I won't wreck. I'm a pretty good driver," Matt said as they got out and exchanged places.  Kol let him speed around and do doughnuts for about 45 minutes. He was in a gravel lot and the tires kicked up a cloud of dust, Matt blasted the music and just drove.  "I gotta take a piss," Matt said when he shut the car off.  "You go. I want to go check something out," Kol said looking off into the distances.  As Matt went to relieve himself, Kol vamped nearer to the wooded area. He heard a dog bark and a human voice? That was odd. There were so few people how here at this time of time and the year. Kol smelled them before he saw them, that dog really reeked.  "Don't hurt me. I ain't doing nothing," a disheveled boy rasped. The boy had long stringy blond hair and was very thin and dirty. He was only wearing torn jeans and a dirty gray hoodie. "What in hades are ya doing out here, lad?" Kol asked in shock. The dog came up to Kol and was sniffing him. He didn't typically like dogs, but this one seemed nice. It looked like some kind of a lab, but it was so thin. "Nothing. Just minding my own business. Why don't you fuck off?" the boy growled at Kol.  "I would, but you and your mongrel dog look half dead," Kol said honestly. They didn't smell too great either.  "Uncle Kol, who you got here?" Matt said appearing behind Kol.  "Erik, man? Is that you?" Matt asked coming forward and squinting his eyes.  "Donovan, yeah, Matt D., it's me. How's that sexy sister of yours? Still trouble," Erik laughed.  "No, Erik, she's dead," Matt hissed. "What? Sorry to hear that. I didn't know. I was away," Erik asked in shock.  "Matthew, what is going on?" Kol demanded.  "This asshole was my sister's dealer's little brother. The one who got her hooked on drugs," Matt said.  "Oh hell, do you have any food? Any water? At least for the dog?" Kol asked. "Yes, man. Just go, we're fine," Erik said.  "He's lying," Kol said, "These two are going to die out here. They're bloody starving."  Kol leaned forward to compel Erik, "You will tell us what you are doing here truthfully." "I am hiding from the police and my family. We are starving, but I would rather die, then go back to juvie or my house. Save my dog," Erik said in a monotone voice.  Kol looked at Matt, "I'm sorry, lad, but we should take them. He's just a kid."  Matt nodded, "I agree about this pup, but...Okay, you're right uncle Kol."  Kol compelled Erik to follow them to the car. They had to let the dog sit in the front while Matt had to cram in the back with Erik. He had to hold his breath and Kol cracked the windows. They stopped at a drive-thru on the way home as the boy looked hungry and pale. He ate frantically when they handed him the bag of burgers and fries. The dog got his own bag of chicken and beef patties. Matt felt a little guilty about wanting to leave the kid there.  "How old are you now, man?" Matt asked as Erik was shoveling food in his face.  "14," he answered, but he looked younger.  Kol added, "You might want to slow down or you'll get sick." Erik just ate another few burgers and then leaned back.  "Where are we going?" Erik finally asked.  "To our house, it's right up here," Kol said.  Matt couldn't help but remember Vicky's run-ins with Erik's older brother, Connor. He had dropped out of school so Matt didn't know him all that well. He came to the house a few times. He seemed like a jerk. "Here we are," Kol said turning into the gate.  "This is your fucking house? It looks like mansion!" Erik exclaimed scaring the dog, whose name was Sadie.   "It is a mansion. And you better watch your language around the family," Matt said.  Erik looked confused, "Family? You guys aren't going to call the cops on me, are you?"  Kol just said, "No."  Erik's mouth was wide open as they walked in through the garage.  "Elijah, Nik, Bex, Freya, we have company," Kol yelled. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Outside Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010Mikaelson MansionLate Sunday AfternoonA couple of hours later, Tyler was in his room still pouting about this morning. Being dragged in to apologize to the younger boys right after getting swatted is what he was stewing about. He would have done that on his own, he told himself, he would have apologized. Then, his dad yelled at him after to clean his room. He did it crying with a sore ass, but he did it. He even cleaned the bathroom, except the mirror. He didn't have the stuff for that. The thought of calling his mom again faded from his mind, it wasn't what he wanted. Or what she wanted either.   He heard someone in the hallway and looked out, it was Davina. "What the...heck is going on down there?" Tyler asked indicating the noise coming from downstairs.  "You won't believe this. Another like, orphan is here. Kol and Matt found some drug dealer's brother in the quarry and brought him here," Davina confided.  "You're freaking kidding.  They just found some random kid?" Tyler asked in shock.  "Oh, it gets better. There's a dog. Henrik and Finn are already in love with it. They already gave it a bath. Freya is healing the kid. They washed him off too.  Elijah is on the phone with a lawyer, I think," Davina explained.  "I kind of want to go down there and see, but at the same time, I don't," Tyler said plainly.  "Jeez, your room is clean. What happened?" Davina asked stepping in and looking around. "It doesn't even smell weird."  Tyler flushed, "Let's just say I had some real strong motivation today. Sorry, I heard you had kind of a rough morning, too."  Before Davina could answer, they were interrupted.  "Tyler, Davina, dinner!" Klaus called from downstairs.  Tyler exhaled, he didn't feel like facing everyone, but he was hungry. They were having steak. "Hello, ah this is my son Tyler, Tyler, this is Erik and his dog, Sadie," Klaus said to the long haired kid who was sitting in his chair.  Elijah saw his confusion, "It's okay, Tyler. Sit here."  "Thanks. Ah, hi," Tyler said awkwardly.  The dog ran up to Tyler and he did pet her for a minute. Elijah whispered, "Now, go wash your hands." He did so in the hallway bathroom.  "So, Erik, did you used to go to Mystic Falls?" Jeremey asked.  "Nah, I've been in juvie and before that, we didn't live here," Erik said already eating before everyone else was done passing the food.  Elijah was telling Finn, "Always pass to the left."  "Why?" Finn said.  "It's good table manners," Elijah replied. "He has his elbows on the table," Henrik said in a stage whisper to Vanessa.  She shushed him for being rude, but Erik didn't even realized they were talking about him.  "Where are you from, Erik" Jeremy pressed.  "The swamps of Louisiana, we were what you call Bayou rats," Erik laughed a mean laugh only eating the steak. Elijah and Klaus must have already gotten the background information because none of this surprised them.  "I'm from New Orleans," Davina said, Erik had never been there before, though he was from Louisiana.  "So, is Erik staying here tonight?" Tyler wondered. "We thought he could stay in your room," Klaus added with his eyebrows up.  Tyler thought he was joking at first and then realized he wasn't.  "Well, my room is very clean tonight and there are two extra beds," Tyler said in a tight voice.  "Thank you, Son. I'm sure you did a good job on your room," Klaus said passing the rolls to Marcel.  "Didn't have much of a choice there," Tyler added.  "I know," Klaus said amicably. He smiled at Tyler until Tyler looked away. He wanted to be mad at his dad, but he looked over at Finn and Henrik. Vanessa was cutting their meat for them. He realized that he couldn't lose it with them like that. They were just kids. Just then Tyler noticed Matt didn't look thrilled, he looked at him and Matt shrugged as if he would fill Tyler in later.  "Well, thank you to Elijah for another grand meal. Brother, you never disappoint, except with that frittata this morning. Why spinach?" Klaus started his toast.  "It's good for you," Elijah interjected.  "No matter. Kol, you brought young Erik here and Sadie. We hope you will find refuge here and the solace you seek. Salut," Klaus said raising his wine glass. Did Erik know that was blood? Tyler caught a scent. He looked over at Kol and at the dog and then at Erik...Kol smirked and nodded to him. He was astounded.  Erik was a werewolf!^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Everyone went out to the great room to have dessert. Klaus caught Tyler.  "I'm sorry, Son. I meant to come up and check on you earlier. You're okay, now?" Klaus asked as he put his arm around him.  "Yeah, I'm fine now. That thing really hurts, you know," Tyler couldn't help but complain.  "I know, sweetheart. That's why I want you to behave yourself," Klaus said softly. He pulled him a little closer to him. Klaus felt a little guilty that maybe he had been too harsh with him. "I will, I swear.  But Dad, that kid is a wolf. I can smell it on him," Tyler said excitedly.  "We can smell it easily. Kol wasn't sure at first, but followed his instinct. We can't have rogue wolves roaming around. You know they hunt vampires first. What do you say? Should we try to help this lad?" Klaus inquired.  "What's the alternative?" Tyler asked, knowing the answer. "Lone wolves can be dangerous. Unpredictable.  We'd have to try to have some other pack foster him or take him in. Most vampires would just kill him themselves, but I won't allow that to happen. He couldn't be left alone to turn around here," Klaus explained.  "Could he turn with us?" Tyler asked. The full moon was days away.  "Indeed. If this works out, he could be the start of...," Klaus paused.  "The start of what, Dad?" Tyler asked curiously.  "The start of your own pack, if you like. I raised Marcellus to be the King of New Orleans. I shall raise you to be the King of the Wolves. Maybe that is why I am so hard on you sometimes. I expect more from you, because you can be so much more," Klaus said with grandiosity.  Before Tyler could respond, they got interrupted. Later that evening, Tyler watched Erik closely. He wasn't sure what to think. He was a rough sort for sure, but just sat quietly.  Before it was bedtime, now 10pm sharp, Matt pulled Tyler aside. "This asshole is bad news, Ty. I tried to tell Dad and everyone, but I guess they feel sorry for this kid. His brother is the one who got Vicky hooked on all that shit," Matt hissed.  Tyler had feelings for Vicky, too. My the boy's older brother's actions weren't his fault.  "So Matt, it was his brother, not him. He's a wolf," Tyler revealed.  "What? A werewolf? Maybe that's why the brother was always such a dick?" Matt said in shock.  "Yeah, Dad said they can't just let him roam around. Full moon is coming up," Tyler explained.  "I had no idea," Matt said shaking his head.  "Can you come back in the room tonight? I don't want to be alone with this kid. Please, Matt. I'll owe you," Tyler begged.  "Ugh, I guess, but don't expect me to be best friends with him. Dude, we gotta go get ready. I really don't want this kid to watch us get beat like his first night here," Matt groused.  "Dad wouldn't..., yeah, you're right. Let's go. Remember 'in the bed by 10 pm.'" Tyler repeated. Elijah guided Erik toward Tyler, "Tyler will help you get settled. Hurry now, boys. Bed before 10pm. I already changed the sheets on the bottom bunk, left towels and a toothbrush up there."  Erik called to his dog. Elijah said that the dog would have to stay in the garage for the night.  "No, sorry, then I stay in the garage," Erik argued.  Tyler said, "It's fine, Uncle Elijah." "You're sure, Tyler?" Elijah asked. Tyler nodded. Elijah said goodnight.  Matt got the dog a water bowl to bring upstairs and they headed up. Erik got the dog settled first by making him a little bed out of bath towels and then Tyler gave him a change of clothes. Erik had taken a shower earlier, but used Elijah's new toothbrush now. Tyler wondered what he had been using before. He did have a bag with him. "Hey man, we gotta be in the bed like now," Tyler said climbing up to this bunk.  "Or what? You turn into a pumpkin? Never mind, I'm pretty beat anyway, it's been a while since I slept in a real bed," Erik admitted yarning. Tyler's timberwolves t-shirt looked big on his thin frame.   "Well, let us know if you need anything, but we really have to turn in," Matt said from the middle bunk.  Erik seemed to have fallen asleep, the dog in the space right beside the bunk bed. Both were snoring softly. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010Mikaelson MansionEarly Monday MorningErik woke up and didn't know where he was. This bed was too soft. Clean sheets? He had never had clean sheets like this before. He smells them and they smelled like detergent. Sadie was in the bed with him at the foot.  He sat up and petted her in her sleep.  He should leave now. Before these people knew what he was. He was putting all of them in danger.  Their big house and money couldn't protect them. The only thing was that he didn't know how to get out of the house without triggering the many alarms he saw. With the high fences and gates, he didn't even think with his werewolf abilities that he could scale those heights. Erik would have to wait until he was out of this compound to leave. Also, he couldn't leave Sadie, she was all he had left. He fell back into a dreamless sleep.  Monday MorningAfter the older kids left for school, Vanessa went up to wake up the younger boys. As they were getting dressed, she peeked in on Erik. Sadie, the dog, came to the door.  "Hey boy, are you you hungry?" she asked petting the dog's large head. "He's a she, Sadie," Erik snapped from the room. "Oh sorry, I'm actually more of a cat person. Hey, the boys brush their teeth in this bathroom since it's closer," Vanessa explained as Finn and Henrik trudged in, still half asleep.  "I'm getting up," Erik said. "Well, Elijah has breakfast waiting downstairs," Vanessa smiled, turning to yell at Henrik to stop splashing water on the mirror. "What are you?" Erik asked in a dull voice.  "I used to be a professor, a teacher," Vanessa asked taken back by his tone.  "No, you know what I mean, what are you really?" Erik asked.  "Klaus and Elijah are downstairs, talk to them," Vanessa said going into the bathroom. Erik let Sadie out and she ran downstairs to the kitchen. Kol opened the glass door to the patio for her and she ran out. Kol went out to wash his Porsche in the driveway. It was dusty from driving in the Quarry gravel lot yesterday. He wasn't sure if it was the smell of the kid or the dog, but he felt he he needed to air out the car, too. Also, after everything with Davina, he didn't feel like being around anyone.  Erik was surprised to see a water bowl and dry food bowl already set out on a little placemat thing by the door.  "Good morning, Erik. Sleep well?" Klaus said. He was sitting at the island drinking out of a mug and reading a newspaper.  "Yeah, better than I have in a long time actually. Thanks. Um, I don't want to put you guys out. I guess I should be going. I have shit to do," Erik said.  "Erik, you cannot leave here. It is not safe out there. Mystic Falls is already infiltrated by hunters," Klaus stated.  "So what? I'm not some fucking deer or something," Erik laughed nervously.  Klaus frowned at the language, but got up and came closer to Erik.  Erik now smelled what was in the mug and it wasn't coffee.  "What are you?" Erik gasped.  "The question is: How are we going to help you?" Klaus said finishing his blood.  "You know I'm a werewolf, don't you?" Erik asked.  "I am also a wolf," Klaus said evenly.  "But you were just drinking blood. I could smell it," Erik stated.  "Yes, I'm also a vampire," Klaus smiled. He was pleased that they boy was using his senses. "Then, you're a...," Erik stopped in fear.  "I'm the hybrid," Klaus said.  "I've heard of you, but I thought it was a legend. You're the Original family! It makes sense now. Matt Donovan is living with you? I've heard to even see you is to die. That's what people say. What do you want with me?" Erik babbled. He knew he should be afraid, but he was intrigued.  Klaus smiled, "I just want to help you. One wolf to another. Is that so hard to believe?"  "But I've only turned a couple of times. I'm on the run. I killed some asshole down in Ouachita Parish, down in Monroe. That's how I triggered my curse. I didn't even know. He deserved it, but I don't have no one, not right now" Erik stumbled. Klaus put a plate of pancakes and bacon in front of him with a side of fruit. "Here, eat. You are a wolf. That is enough for me. There are many silly rumors of my family, maybe of them spread by us to protect our family and those around us. Don't believe all of it," Klaus added. Erik nodded and started to eat. He was hungry. "So many of our kind has been killed off by vampires in the last centuries, that we were almost hunted to extinction. My son Tyler is a wolf, a strong one, maybe even an alpha. Will you turn with us tomorrow? I can keep you from slaughtering innocents. If you leave, you will die," Klaus said simply.  "It sounds great, but I can't stay here. I need to find my brother. Like Matt said, he's an addict. He hasn't triggered his curse. He doesn't know," Erik explained.  "What if we help you find your brother? Now that you know who we are, we can't get let you go. You understand, correct?" Klaus asked.  "Thank you, sir. I have to admit that I was going to try to sneak away, but I can see that you are just trying to help me. I thank you for that," Erik said respectfully. Vanessa came down with the boys.  "Morning all. Vanessa, you seem frazzled," Klaus stated.  "Yes, Henrik stated a little water battle in bathroom this morning and didn't want to clean it up," Vanessa griped.  "Really? Henrik, it is much too early for this type of nonsense," Klaus scolded lightly. "What type of nonsense?" Elijah asked walking in and kissing Vanessa on the cheek. He patted the boys on the head as Klaus got them plates.  "Nothing, I'll tell you later. Did you make those calls?" Vanessa smiled.  "I did. Erik, I hope that you had a good night?" Elijah said getting coffee. "Yeah, it was real good night," Erik said, looking out for Sadie.  "She'll be fine out there. It's all fenced in. Miles and miles for her to run," Klaus said.  "Wow, that is awesome. Oh, I see her. She looks a little muddy. Do you have a towel. I'll wipe her paws off," Erik volunteered.  "Of course, I'll grab one," Elijah said.  Erik was wondering why Elijah was in a suit. The boys wanted to play with the dog but Klaus demanded they finish their breakfast. Erik had finished and refused the seconds Klaus offered him. "Come on, Uncle Klaus! I'm done," Finn whined. "You do not look like you are finished, Finn. You can play with the dog in a moment," Klaus said taking Erik's empty place and putting it in the dishwasher.  Henrik also started turning and talking to the dog as Erik was trying to wipe off her muddy paws.  "Turn and eat. The next time I have to speak to you, I'm going to get out Freya's wooden spoon," Klaus said firmly. Elijah walked back in and frown. He could tell that the boys were out of sorts by the disruption of Erik and the dog coming.  "But-," Finn continued to argue.  Elijah got the spoon from the utensil ceramic holder silently and set it on the counter which instantly stopped Finn. It made a clang on the granite surface.  "Erik, I spoke to my contacts in New Orleans. You were correct. They were looking for you. However, we've taken care of that. The law will no longer be seeking you for that unfortunate incident," Elijah shared.  "What? How the hell did you do that? That fucking great, man! Thanks," Erik said gratefully.  "Don't worry about it. However, please watch the language. We don't curse like that in this house," Klaus said firmly.  Erik was confused a moment as if he wasn't exactly sure what he had said. "Oh, sure," he finally muttered. Elijah and Klaus looked at each other. The boys were giggling to themselves.  They let the boys play with the dog for a while as Elijah, Klaus, and Freya went to talk in Elijah's downstairs study. "Freya, did you get a read on Erik last night?" Elijah asked.  "All I could sense is that he was hiding something and looking for something in equal parts. I don't think this is magic, but that child, wolf or no,  has been neglected, Brothers. I'm not saying we have to keep him, but he needs a home," Freya insisted.  "Indeed," Klaus said,"He can turn with Tyler and me during the moon. I'll get a sense of him then." "That murder rap they had him for in Monroe did seem to be a case of self-defense. It seems that the mother is a prostitute and one of her johns was abusive.  I don't know what happened to the brother, but I'll contact our guy down there again," Elijah informed them.  "Matt said they were living up here for a few years. Do we know why they were living up here in Mystic Falls?" Freya asked.  "Erik said that the mother sent them to live with a great aunt, but the boys were too wild and she sent them back home after a year or son," Klaus mentioned.  "If we keep him here, Erik's going to need a talk about his language. I don't mind the child being rough around the edges, manners he can learn, but we just can't have him putting the others in danger," Elijah stated.  "I'll have a chat with him.  He seems like a good lad, but I don't know how Matthew with take him staying here," Klaus worried.  "I hear yelling," Elijah said vamping out of the study.  "Stop it! It was my turn," Henrik screamed.  Finn was holding his arm and pushing Henrik back. The dog was whining and Erik was holding her paw.  Erik saw Elijah coming and explained, "They tramped on Sadie. They were fighting over her. Her nail is busted." Vanessa vamped in, "I was gone for a second. What happened?" Erik told her and she examined the dog paw and got some napkins. Elijah pulled the boys apart. "Enough. Sadie is hurt. Look at her foot," Elijah explained bringing them over to the bloody paw.  Finn started wailing.  "She'll be okay, but maybe a visit to the vet wouldn't be the worst thing?" Elijah said to Vanessa went she came back.  "Finn, the dog will be fine. Her nails were long. It was an accident, but what do you two say to Erik?" Elijah said calmly.  They apologized and Finn had settled down. The bleeding stopped, but Kol and Freya ended up taking Sadie to the vet. Erik also was determined to go.  They took the SUV. Vanessa reminded Elijah that the tutor wasn't coming today and she was going to be teaching them.  "Ah, I did forget. Now who hit whom first?" Elijah asked sternly. He really did not get a clear answer.  "Boys, you are lucky that dog didn't bite you because you hurt it. Do you realize that we would not be able to let the dog stay here?" Elijah declared.  They really hadn't.  "I just wanted to pet the dog and he was pushing me!" Finn said. "What can we do next time?" Elijah asked. "I guess wait? Or move over?" Finn acknowledged.  "Sorry," Henrik offered.  "Me, too," Finn replied.  "All made up? Boys the dog is fine. And yes, you can still play with her as long as you don't fight. I know the blood was scary, but she was not badly hurt," Elijah restated. He could tell they were both scared. He hugged Finn first and then Henrik. "Okay," Finn said unconvinced.  "And boys, please, no more hitting each other," Elijah begged. He knew as he had grown up with four brothers that this would not be their last fight, but he hoped they could hold it together for the day at least.  Elijah kissed Vanessa, "I'll leave you to it then."  Elijah went to the kitchen and grabbed a blood bag and poured it into a glass. He tossed the wooden spoon in the sink. He couldn't punish the boys for their excitement about the damned dog and fighting he realized. What siblings didn't bicker and fight? Vanessa mentioned them going to school, but he just didn't feel like they were ready yet. Maybe he wasn't ready to let them go.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Monday AfternoonMatt fumed all day about Erik at school.  The brother had been an asshole, but really more of a shadowy figure in Matt's life. On the way home, Matt was fuming.  "Dude, just let it go. He's a wolf. We're turning with him. This kid didn't hurt Vicky. I don't get why you're so mad," Tyler said. Matt was driving the truck today.  "Matt, slow down. You're going too fast," Davina said from the rear seat.  Matt did lay off the gas.  "Sorry, guys. I guess you're right. Erik seems like an okay kid. And it's not like he's definitely staying forever. I'll be fine as long as Connor stays away," Matt promised. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"How's Sadie?" Klaus said petting the dog when they got back from the vet.  "Good. Ah, thanks. The vet said she's really healthy. But they gave her a bunch of shots," Erik explained.  Kol had waited in the SUV with Sadie while Freya went into the mall with Erik to quickly get him some clothes and shoes that fit. She went to a department store and Erik was very shocked at how expensive everything was. She tried to explain that they would pay for it, but he still felt odd about it. "Great, Erik, let's talk. Did you all have lunch?" Klaus asked.  "Yeah, we stopped on the way back," Erik shared.  "Good. My study is up here on the second floor," Klaus said leading him up. Sadie trotted up after Erik.  "Sit down," Elijah said offering Erik the guest seat across the desk. "While you were gone, a call came in. It seems that your brother is an a rehab center near your old home. They picked him up two weeks ago. It was court ordered. I have have him transferred up here today. Do you happen to know if he triggered his curse before you lost touch with him?" Klaus pressed.  "No, I haven't seen him for months. We didn't part on good terms. He can be a real fucking asshole," Erik spewed.  "Well, we can't have been turning in custody. Our contacts will have him brought up here tonight and we'll figure out what to do with him," Klaus stated.  "Tonight? Wow, you people sure move fast," Erik enthused.  "Like I said, us wolves need to stick together. My Father, or the man I used to call Father, caused the whole vampire-werewolf war a thousand years ago. It's been raging ever since. I am trying to save what is left of our people," Klaus volunteered. "That's cool, man. I never knew I was a werewolf until I turned. I don't really know what I did the last full moon. I woke up covered in blood," Erik concluded.  "Erik, we will stay with you this time during the moon. You'll be safe from harm and you won't harm anyone. But I did want to talk about some rules for the house. You can imagine that with five boys and one girl here that we need to be quite strict on some things," Klaus indicted.  "Is that why Tyler and Matt had to go to bed so goddamn early last night?" Erik exclaimed.  "I really don't think 10pm on a school night is early, but that would be a yes," Klaus smiled.  "So I have to follow these rules, just like a group home. I've been down this road before. I fucking suck at rules," Erik said as Sadie put her head up and whined.  "I asked Elijah to send the older boys up here when they got home," Klaus said.  "Hey," Tyler said opening the door.  "Come in, boys," Klaus said. There was a small leather couch behind the second extra chair. Tyler took the chair by Erik. Jeremy and Matt sat on the couch. Sadie let Jeremy pet her and then fell asleep on the floor. "Boys, thanks for coming up. I wanted us all to get on the same page from the start. Erik is going to be staying here a while. His brother, Connor, will be joining us shortly-," Klaus said as Matt interrupted.  "You are fucking kidding me," Matt said standing, "Dad, how could you?" "Matthew, please control yourself. You are being very rude right now.  If Connor turns in custody and reveals himself a werewolf, he could kill a lot of people. Erik also needs our help. Now if you cannot be civil then get up right now and go wait in your room for me. You're already at two," Klaus said sternly.  Matt's face reddened and he slumped down tensely. So he was getting two swats, he didn't want to make it more, but this was hard.  "Sorry," Matt said to Klaus. He then said the same to Erik.  "As I was saying, Erik's brother may be joining us. Your Uncle Kol is going to be moving into the guest house for a while. Erik, perhaps you and your brother can share that room?" Klaus suggested.  "Wherever is fine," Erik said.  "Now rules, as you found out, we have a very strict bed time of 10 on school nights and 12 on weekends. Erik, we'll talk about school with you later. Always ask permission before going anywhere. No drugs, no alcohol, no pornography, nothing dangerous like weapons...No swearing. Be respectful. Clean up after yourself. We take turns cleaning up after dinners. Everyone typically helps at lunch.  Keep your room reasonably clean. What am I forgetting?" Klaus asked.  "Don't talk back," Jeremy recalled.  "Don't use your phone in bed after lights out," Tyler said remembering something he got his phone taken for.  "Don't lie, don't fight, and don't break things," Matt added, calming down enough to smile.  Klaus gave him a grateful look.  "All we ask is that you try to do your best. No one is perfect. But when you disobey, lie, cheat, and curse like you are a Barbary pirate, you will face consequences," Klaus promised.  "Look, like I've said, I've been in group homes and juvie before. I know the drill," Erik claimed.  "Erik, I just want to be clear with you, that we may be a little old fashioned here. I hope that we will not have to discuss this any further and you will not need to test any of our rules. You could be restricted to the house, lose your electronics, be asked to apologize, or get your backside reddened. I'm not sure what the policies were in your previous homes, but if you can't behave here, you're going to find yourself over my knee at some point," Klaus concluded.  "My mama had plenty of boyfriends, you could say, that tried to wear me out. I've had my teeth knocked loose and eyes blackened plenty of times so I'm sure I can take a whipping if these boys can," Erik assured Klaus.  "Erik, no one will ever beat you here or abuse you, but we will ask you to follow the same rules my sons do. And by the same token, you will get the same privileges. We'll see you get a generous allowance, all medical care, clothes, whatever you need, but we will ask you to try to fit in. Sound good?" Klaus ended. "Yes, sir. Thank you for all you are doin'," Erik said getting up and shaking his hand.  "Boys, you are dismissed. Matthew, stay please," Klaus said.  They filed out.  "What to explain what that was about?" Klaus asked Matt when they were alone.  "Nothing," Matt said. He just couldn't express it.  "That's three swats. Next times, you're going to get a full spanking. Now tell me what has you so upset, Son," Klaus ordered.  "Shit! I guess I just blame Erik's brother for getting my sister hooked on drugs. I don't know. Maybe I just want someone to blame," Matt said looking down.  "Matt, you have that therapy appointment coming up. This is something you can discuss with the therapist. Are you going to be okay with Erik around? If not, he can stay in the guest house with Kol," Klaus suggested.  "No, I'm sorry. He's fine. Am I getting three whacks?" Matt asked suddenly.  "Four, two for swearing, one for disrespect, and one for not talking," Klaus said. He felt under the desk for the paint paddle and it was gone.  "That's odd. I swore I stuck Elijah's paint stick here," Klaus mused.  "Can't you just forget about this," Matt pleaded.  "That's five. You are lucky, young man. I took pity on you and didn't spank you in front of Erik. Next time, you misbehave you won't be so lucky. Understand?" Klaus asked.  "Yes, Dad. I just don't want to get...," Matt started.  "A spanking? Well, too late. Now over here now," Klaus said pushing his chair back from the desk.  Matt frowned and stomped over slowly near Klaus.  Klaus grabbed the belt loop fo Matt's jeans and pulled him closer. He unbuckled his belt and jeans and pulled them down, bringing his briefs with them. He tilted Matt all the way over until Matt's hands were on the floor.  "This is going to be a little harder since I'm only using my hand," Klaus said resting his hand on Matt's bare backside.  "Ready?" Klaus asked.  "Yeah," Matt replied.  Wham!  Klaus smacked Matt first on the center of his right cheek. Matt hollered out an "oww" because he wasn't expecting such a hard slap. Wham! Now Matt's left cheek was assaulted.  Bam! "ARGGHH" Matt let out a strangled sound with the third clap across the center of his bottom that covered both cheeks.  Whap! Whap! Klaus then targeted his right and then left sit spot hard. Matt moaned another ouch out, but managed to keep from crying, though he was on the verge from the shock. Klaus rubbed his back a moment. Matt got up a minute later and immediately tried to pull up his pants. He hissed and didn't end up zipping his pants, he just let his shirt stay untucked and figured he'd change in his room.  Klaus stood and hugged him, "Let me know if you start feeling overwhelmed, okay?"  Matt nodded, not trusting himself to speak. The whacks were stinging fiercely and Matt was embarrassed that he hadn't toughed that out a little more.  "Hey, I mean it, Matt. Don't let it all build up until you explode. Now go work on your homework, I'll check in on you in a little while," Klaus said now rubbing his back.  "Okay," Matt said pulling away to rub his backside. That damn Erik, if he wasn't around, Matt wouldn't be sporting a stinging butt right now. Matt couldn't believe the asshole brother was joining. Another pissed off werewolf. Just great, Matt fumed, just great. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Tuesday AfternoonMatt was too pissed to go to tutoring today. His grades were up and he just felt like it was a waste of time to go. He ended up driving to the Quarry and just walking around after school instead of going home.  He made sure to get home at the same time he normally would have. Freya was in the kitchen and asked if he was okay. He pretended like he was. Then, he went right to his room alone. Last night after Klaus had swatted him, Tyler tried to call him in to hang out. Matt told him that he didn't feel like it. He went to his new suite and just rehashed the past. Everything with Vicky, his mom, and his old life just came to a head. It really wasn't fair. He had no one from outside the house. Now, these new assholes were coming into the house and they were wolves, too. Matt finally realized that he was jealous. Everyone else in the house was special, except him. Even Jeremy had been a hunter and was from a founding family. Matt was a nobody. He even got pissed when he thought about how he lost Elena to a vampire...and Stefan was a good guy.  Finn and Henrik came up to get him for dinner. He didn't feel like going down, but it wasn't really optional. So he went.  "Hello, Matt, how was tutoring?" Klaus said hugging him.  "Good. Nothing exciting happened," Matt said sitting down. They were having fried chicken. He had to admit that Elijah had really tried to make more "normal" type foods these days, which he appreciated.  Sadie, was shooed out of the dining room by Erik. From the general conversation, Matt realized that Erik's brother Connor had been flown in during the day and was apparently now sleeping in Kol's old room. Kol was at the guest house and not longer coming for every meal. Matt wondered if he could move into the guest house with Kol. Maybe he would let him drive the Porsche to school. Then, Matt looked around the table and guessed he would miss this, the family, though it got kind of hectic.  "You like your new room?" Jeremy asked from beside Matt.  "Yeah, but it's way too big. I kind of feel like I'm in a hotel or something. What about you?" Matt said eating the green beans for once. They weren't mushy like ones out of a can. "Honestly, I kind of miss the old set up with had. I said something to Ty, but tonight is the full moon so I think he and Erik are going to be out all night anyway. Maybe tomorrow night, if Erik moves in with his brother, we can talk to Ty?" Jeremy suggested quietly.  "You mean, we move back in? Yeah, that sounds good. I guess I am kind of lonely in that big ass room by myself," Matt whispered.  The table grew quiet as soon as Matt said 'ass' and Henrik giggled aloud. "Sorry," Matt muttered "Moving on," Elijah said to Tyler, "Let's make sure we get all of our school work done that we will miss because of the full moon." "Yeah, I did," Tyler said shortly. He had been slacking in a few classes.  "Tyler," Klaus reprimanded.  "I'm sorry...Yes, Uncle Elijah, I'll make sure I don't fall behind," Tyler restated.  Erik's eyes got big. He really wasn't used to all this respectful talk.   "We have a field trip Friday. I am really going to need a cell phone by then. For safety," Davina pleaded to Rebekah and Marcel. Since Rebekah had smashed Davina's phone, she had been begging for another one.  "Maybe we can swing by and get one tomorrow? Erik, we can grab you a phone, too," Marcel offered.  "Wow, man, that would be real nice. Hey, do you mind if I go check on my brother?" Erik asked looking from Marcel to Elijah. "Sure. Let us know if he needs anything. I'll be up soon," Elijah said. Sadie followed Erik up.  "So everyone please stay into night due to the full moon. We haven't heard reports of any rogue packs, but I'm more worried about hunters," Klaus announced.  Matt wondered if he would get bitten by a werewolf if he would become one. He made a note to ask about it later, then Tyler throw a roll at him when he thought no one was looking and he forgot about it. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Connor was just waking up. Unlike Erik's blonde hair, Connor's hair was almost brown. He head was almost shaved and he was older and had more muscle on him. This was a dream. Out of jail and he wasn't completely sure why.  "Hey dick, what's up?" Connor said when Erik walked in with Sadie.  "Man, shut up. You can't talk like that here. They are real strict. So how ya feeling?" Erik asked.  "Great. Never fucking better actually. I mean what a couple of weeks. You off Ma's pimp, I get picked up for some bs charge and now you're under the protection of THE Original family. Do you trust them?" Connor asked.  "Yeah, I do. I'm going to turn with them tonight. Did you happen to kill anyone over the last two weeks?" Erik asked.  "Ah no," Connor said.  "Okay, well, you need to kill a human so you trigger our werewolf curse," Erik explained.  "I heard the family rumors about this, but I just never believed them. Leave it to you to be the first murderer in our little family of scumbags," Connor said punching him on the shoulder.  "How is Ma?" Erik said wondering what she was doing without her abusive pimp who kept her hooked on drugs.  "Ugh, hard to tell. She's pissed at you, in a way, but deep down worried. I only talked to her on the phone once since I was picked up. She's got her own problems," Connor said.  "She doesn't give a shit about me. Even after I saved her life. It's you that she loves," Erik complained.  "Erik, you are constantly on her ass about everything. I think you two are too alike to get along," Connor said.  "Whatever, I don't even care anymore. I want to stay here. Hey, please don't mess this up for us. Remember from before?  Matt Donovan is here. His sister, Vicky, remember her?" Erik prompted.  "Yeah, what about her?" Connor smirked.  "Dude, she's dead. Overdose. He hates you. I think he blames you. If you get into it with him, they are going to put us with a pack in the bayou," Erik explained.  "Fuck the bayou! I ain't going back there," Connor shouted.  "You can't act wild. They have a lot of rules. Matt got like a little mouthy when we were getting talked to last night, I think he got an ass beating after. I'm serious, Connor, best behavior," Erik pleaded.  "Brother, they ain't going whup us. Just threats. Relax. Hell, even if they do, we had worse," Connor said, "But for real, you ever see a place like this before? I mean, if we had to go, we could disable those camera and be set for life with just a backpack of shit." Erik cringed, "Don't talk like that. They have been nice to me. No stealing please. If Sadie and me have to live on the streets again, I don't know if I can take it. Please, Connor, just try."Connor nodded that he would.   Later that night"Dad, are we going to the cave tonight?" Tyler asked Klaus in the car.  "We can go there or the quarry. What are you thinking?" Klaus asked Tyler. "Quarry sounds different," Tyler replied.  "Erik, how you feeling? Excited?" Klaus asked. "A little nervous. The pain, you know," Erik murmured.  "Just give in to the pain and you will turn faster," Klaus suggested. "Shit!" Tyler yelled.  "What is it?" Klaus asked.  "I forget the water bottles," Tyler admitted. "It's fine. We can drink out of the quarry. And that's one," Klaus said.  "Come on, you don't even have the paddle here," Tyler sassed.  "Pop open the glove box," Klaus smirked.  "No, Jesus Christ, Dad!" Tyler moaned.  "That's two!" Klaus held up two fingers.  Tyler found a smaller wooden paddle than the one they had in the drawer at home.  "Are you freakin' serious?" Tyler said rolling his eyes, "This is for like five year olds."  "I found it in the garage in the old toys. You boys are going to be the most well-mannered, well-behaved, well-adjusted gentleman in the history of well, Mystic Falls," Klaus promised.  "Great. Well, Erik, you get to see me get my ass-I mean, butt spanked before we turn," Tyler grimaced.  "Three," Klaus held up his fingers.  "Fine, I just won't talk... dammit," Tyler muttered pulling out his phone.  "Four," Klaus said.  "Oh my god, Dad!" Tyler grumped. "I'm sorry, Erik. You can see my boys can be quite insolent, especially when they are due a whack or two. I find that the a wooden paddle is the best attitude adjuster around here," Klaus offered.  "Better than a switch or belt, I'd say," Erik admitted.  "Indeed, I hope you haven't felt the sting of those implements too often in your young life," Klaus shared.  "I guess I have a way of pissing off people so yeah, I got it plenty. Whoops, sorry, is pissing a swear?" Erik wondered.  "I'm afraid so," Klaus said.  "Well, I ain't worried. I won't complain. Y'all has done a lot for me. My brother is real grateful to be brung up here. So thanks," Erik repeated.  "Of course, Erik. We are happy to have you. Whatever happens tonight stay close to me," Klaus reminded him.  Klaus parked off of the gravel lot. They undressed. Klaus grabbed the paddle and told Tyler to grab his knees. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! He cracked him twice on each cheek. Tyler sucked in his breath but didn't react or rub.  "Now, behave. You will both listen to me and obey my commands tonight," Klaus said.  Klaus just turned Erik and swatted him once on the center of both cheeks. Erik also took the swat without reacting.   "Focus on that stung and maybe that will ease your turning? I will be with you, but we need to stick together.  Are you ready? It's almost time," Klaus said putting the paddle back in the glove compartment.  "Owwww," Tyler felt the first break, then Erik, and both felt nature's fury as each boy transformed into a wolf.______________________________Elijah thought he heard something. He got out of his warm bed with Vanessa and checked on the younger boys, then Jeremy, and then went to Matt's room.  Matt was in his room watching tv on the little couch area.  "Matthew, why aren't you in bed?" Elijah scolded.  "Couldn't sleep," Matt said.  "Turn off that tv right now and get into your bed," Elijah demanded.  "Uncle Elijah, we're not little kids. This is stupid," Matt complained.  "Matthew, it is 2 am and you have school tomorrow. What is going on?" Elijah asked.  "I don't like Connor and Erik being here. It brings up some memories and honestly, I feel left out that they are werewolves," Matt rushed out.  "Matt, your humanity is the most precious and special thing. Can you trust me after being around the pros and cons of immortality for a 1000 years that being mortal makes everything more precious? Each day is sweeter and yet more bitter because it could be your last. You can procreate and have many generations after you. Believe me, it's very special," Elijah shared.  "There's something else," Matt admitted.  "Yes? Tell me, unburden yourself," Elijah prompted.  "I went to the Quarry to think and skipped tutoring," Matt said.  "Did you get your homework done?" Elijah asked.  "Yeah, pretty much. Not really...But I lied to Dad. He's out now having the best time with Tyler and Erik and I don't know. I wanted to just tell him, but I didn't want to ruin his night," Matt said.  "Did you consider asking him if you could skip it?" Elijah wondered.  "No, because I thought the answer would be no," Matt realized. Elijah suggested, "You can talk to your father about this tomorrow. All I can take care of for you is being out of bed after 10 pm. And I think a warm backside will help you sleep."  Matt groaned as Elijah led him over to the large bed.  "You might as well just take off your sweats," Elijah suggested.  Matt had no underwear on, "I have all of my dirty clothes in the hamper in the closet. It's huge so I didn't fill it yet."  "Do you realize that there is a washer and dryer in that other closet?" Elijah said pointing.  "Oh no, I didn't," Matt said surprised.  "On your stomach, mister," Elijah said crisply.  "I'm going," Matt replied. Laying face down, his face hot, remembering that he also got spanked yesterday.  Maybe he needed medication.  Elijah patted Matt's backside a moment. He didn't want to wake him up with a flurry of brutal whacks so he sat by his side and started out smacking his bare seat lightly all over. Matt started to feel a little warmth and then more of a heat as Elijah increased the force.  Matt started to wiggle his hips as Elijah had given him thirty smacks. Elijah kept going until Matt started kicking a little. "Bedtime is 10 pm or else," Elijah paused, rubbing his backside and feeling the heat.  Smack. Smack, Smack, Smack, Smack,  Still not hitting hard, the swatting continued and now Matt was bucking more and Elijah had to hold him.  He gave him another thirty swats, some on the sit spots and the top of his thighs. Elijah lessened the force and tapped Matt a few more times. Then, he rubbed his back and murmured to him until he fell into a deep sleep. Vanessa tiptoed in, "What in the world?"  Elijah covered Matt with the sheet and kissed his cheek. They quietly walked out.  "I"m sorry. Did my absence awaken you, my dear?" Elijah said clasping her hand.  "I just wondered where you were. What happened?" Vanessa wondered. "Matt was up watching tv, he's a little out of sorts lately. Niklaus put the boys all on a strict probation of no more warnings, so I spanked him for being out of bed. But Vanessa, he admitted he skipped tutoring and went to the quarry. He said his homework isn't done," Elijah shared.  "You're kidding. You know, I think I'm going to talk to Klaus about being his tutor. He can't escape me. He is a smart kid, but he just gives up so easily," Vanessa complained.  "Are you sure you have time?" Elijah asked.  "Elijah, I really think Finn and Henrik are ready for school. Maybe next week? If it doesn't work out, we can go back to this, but I think they need to be out a little more," Vanessa pushed.  "I know you're right," Elijah replied. He had separated them today for an half hour for fighting and arguing. Of course, they got on each nerves after being together for 24 hours a day.  When they had taken them to a specially compelled doctor, the boys were actually younger than they thought. The doctor aged them by their teeth and some other factors and estimated that Henrik was about 8 or 9 and Finn was 9 or 10. So Elijah wasn't sure what grades they would even go into, 4th and 5th maybe. He was glad they would not be in the same grade, which would give them some distance from each other.  Elijah promised to call the private school and get them enrolled for next week. He also would get Connor and Erik enrolled in Mystic Falls High School by Monday. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Full Moon HuntKlaus changed into his wolf form with Tyler and Erik. They ran under the light of the full moon. They drank from the quarry, they hunted a rabbit, they howled at the moon.  Klaus sensed danger after that, there were humans out there. He tried to turn his little wolf pack around but Erik chased after the humans. Klaus nipped at Erik, but Erik took off at a dead run once he caught the scent of humans.  Tyler followed Klaus and Klaus didn't want to leave Tyler's side. By the time, Klaus got to where Erik was, he had killed all the hunters.  Only bloody stumps and torn limbs remained. They had crossbows and silver tipped arrows. Klaus transformed into his human form to investigate. It looked like the remains of four men from the heads.  Klaus vamped to the quarry and threw all the evidence in it except for one arrow tip that had a strange symbol on it.  He vamped that to the SUV and then rejoined the boys. There was a deer herd and they went and hunted it until they all could feed and eat their fill. Erik was quite the experienced killer for a new wolf. He didn't seem to have a single bolt in him from the hunter's crossbow. One new werewolf against four hunters? Something didn't seem right to Klaus, but his wolf mind just wanted to feed.Wednesday Morning Matt came downstairs for breakfast feeling better until he saw Vanessa.  "Hello, Matt," Vanessa said handing him orange juice.  "Uncle Elijah told you," Matt said bluntly.  "How about I talk to your father me taking over your tutoring? That is going to mean me checking your homework and assignments every night, though. No more fooling around. I know that you are capable of staying on top of your work, Matthew," Vanesa insisted.  "Thanks. I would appreciate that. I'm probably going to be in a lot of trouble for skipping tutoring, so the sooner we can start, the better," Matt admitted.  "How about today right after school? No Grill, no gym, no hanging out, come right home. Bring all your books home today, okay?" Vanessa said.  "Will do. Thanks so much," Matt said relieved.  "It will be like old times," Vanessa smiled. Matt knew he was probably in for it later today, but he felt better. If Jer and him could move back in their old room, he could probably also sleep a little better, too.  Later Wednesday Morning Tyler, Erik, and Connor slept in later. Elijah filled Klaus in on Matt and suggested Vanessa tutor him.  "Elijah, I really don't know what has gotten in to Matthew. I find myself wanting to be as easy on him as I am sometimes hard on Tyler," Klaus admitted.  "Niklaus, I put him to bed like a babe last night. I couldn't be hard on the boy either, truth be told. He is a struggling now, being the only "normal" one, the only human. But perhaps he does need a wake up call. He could have called you and asked to miss the tutoring session, you're not unreasonable with them or harsh. Who I am to advise you, though? Henrik and Finn have been at each other's throats lately. The worst I could do is sit them in different rooms for 30 minutes yesterday. I called the school. They are going to start Monday," Elijah shared.  "That's wonderful, though. Brother, they have come such a long way. All of them really. I'll talk to Matthew tonight and if I need to be hard on him, I will have to steel myself," Klaus frowned, troubled by the news that Matt had disobeyed him again.  "How was turning?" Elijah pressed.  "Oh, Erik ripped apart at least four hunters. I don't know how a new werewolf could learn to kill that fast.  I only saw the aftermath, but it was a sight to behold. I thought that maybe Tyler could be the alpha, but I see that Erik may be a true born alpha. He resisted my lead in his natural wolf state," Klaus admitted.  "Is there any way to change that?" Elijah asked wryly.  "Only if he sires to me in a sense as a human. He would have to learn to obey me without question. You can see how well that is going in this family at times," Klaus mused.  "Niklaus, I think some of this disobedience is because the boys love and respect you so, they know you will not turn your back on them even if you need to correct them. Not like we us and how we feared Father, look, we never sought to obey him. We undermined him. Unquestioning devotion and obedience in a child would not be natural, they need to make mistakes and we need to be there to help guide them. With Erik, just see where it goes, don't pressure yourself," Elijah advised.  "You're right, Brother. Whatever happens, happens. I did say I would take the boys to the mall to get some clothes and things for them to start school. They have nothing. Say, what's going on with Davina and Kol? Are they over?" Klaus asked.  "I think he said they are taking a break. Davina is giving our sister and Marcellus a bit of hell. They caught her trying to sneak out to the guest house. I heard Marcel begging her not to do it again," Elijah cringed.  Klaus sighed, "Daughters are more difficult than sons. I truly don't envy their position. Well, the adoption is coming up. Maybe Kol moving to the guest house with help a little." Elijah frowned, "He helped so much with the boys and even the dog. I'm ashamed to admit how much I take our little brother for granted. I miss having him in the house.  If you would have told me a century ago, that the boy I used to drag out of Storyville whorehouses, would be this responsible, I wouldn't have believed it."  "Well, hell, Elijah, there were times we almost wore out our hands on his arse. It paid off, but...it was never easy. I guess to go easy on Matt tonight would be a mistake that I made too much with Marcel, too much with Kol. I need to follow through, no matter how much I loathe it," Klaus asserted.  "He'll be fine, Brother. He knows how much we love him," Elijah said gripping his brother on the shoulder and then going to check on the boys. He could hear them fighting from the other room. 
  
    Chapter Text
    “In the end we discover that to love and let go can be the same thing.” – Jack KornfieldWednesday AfternoonKlaus checked in on Tyler, Erik, and Connor. They were all in Tyler's room playing a first-person shooter game and blasting music. Klaus pretended not to see all the junk food and caffeinated drinks everywhere for a moment. One battle at a time. Sadie was downstairs with Henrik and Finn.  "How are you doing, Erik, Connor? We'll get those new clothes washed and then you don't have to borrow anymore," Klaus said.  "Thanks again, that was really nice of you," Connor said referring to the clothes, shoes, toiletries, and electronics that Klaus bought them.  "It was our pleasure. Is Tyler taking good care of you?" Klaus asked coming in and putting his arms around Tyler from behind.  "Oh yeah, he's been great," Erik said patting Tyler on the arm.  "Hey Dad, since Matt and Jer abandoned me. Can Connor and Erik have their bunks? We can have a wolf pack in here," Tyler asked. "It's fine with me, but I recall the reason they moved was because you weren't doing your share of the cleaning," Klaus mentioned.  "That is true, but I did clean up, like twice. Once with a sore ass, I mean butt, but it did get done," Tyler admitted gingerly.  "Well, how about you clean up a little now before you get another sore arse, young man? It is starting to look disgusting in here again. Then, like your Uncle Elijah reminded you, get to your school work," Klaus said with a sly smile.  Tyler groaned and made a production of getting up and throwing away a can.  "Boys, can I talk to you in your room alone?" Klaus asked indicating Kol's old bedroom.  "Sure," Connor said.  "Thanks, guys. So legally, we can fix the paper work and become your guardians, if that is something you want to do. If not, it's okay, there is a pack near New Orleans that will take you in. I just think that right now, wolves need to be careful. There is a new team of hunters and it is really not safe out there right now, but of course, the choice is yours," Klaus offered.  Connor ran his hand through his buzzed hair and looked at his younger brother, Erik.  "I'll be honest, sir. We ain't had it real good up to this point. Our ma is an addict, we were farmed out to kin, none of which could keep us. Then, Erik here was defending ma and triggered his curse. We have no where else to go, except jail or the grave," Connor explained.  "Erik, do you feel the same way? Last night when we were hunting, I've never seen a new wolf with skills like yours. I don't know what pack your people hail from, but I feel like you are very special wolves. We could use you here. I swear though, if you want to leave, tell me now," Klaus insisted.  "No, like Connor said, we want to stay. I am just a little worried because Matt Donovan don't seem like he wants us here. If my brother could explain what happened, it may help," Erik started.  "When we were living up here, we had no food, no money, nothing. I had to sell drugs just to survive and there were still nights we went hungry or had to steal food. I didn't mean to get anyone hooked on that garbage. We don't do no drugs. We'll drink a couple of beers, maybe some shine, but no drugs. Never," Connor said emphatically.  "I'm glad to hear that and I thank you for your candor. Now, while you are living here, I will expect you to attend school, do some chores, behave responsibly, and mind your manners. I am very firm with my sons at times. Yet at other times I have spoiled and indulged them. I am not perfect by any means, there are times I yell, shout and make mistakes. But I will never abuse you or hurt you or let anyone else do so. I assure you that although we are strict and maybe archaic, everything we do here is done out of love and caring," Klaus went on  The boys nodded, but didn't say anything. "I pledge to you that I will do my best for you and by you. I cannot take away the pain of your past, I wish I could. Like in my past, I believe we can use that agony to forge ahead, to be stronger. Because boys, there are battles to come. Our people, the wolves, have been under attack for 1000 years. I aim to turn the thing many see as a curse into a gift again. If you want to join me, I will take you in, not only as my pack, but as my sons, always and forever," Klaus finished roughly. He opened his arms and embraced both of them. They were stiff and pulled back slightly. These boys were not used to being held. That made Klaus sadder then anything else. Even in the darkest hours of his father's rage, his siblings were there to comfort him, cry with him. His mother, although often too late to protect him, would sing to him and try to heal his wounds. Rebekah would come to him at night and hold his hand as they slept. Klaus sensed the isolation these boys felt.  Wiping away a tear from Erik's cheek, Klaus heard them both repeat, "Always and forever." It was done. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Wednesday After School"Give me it!" Henrik squealed elbowing Finn in the ribs.  "Stop it, Henrik, I'm going to drop it," Finn whispered looking behind him at Freya's door.  "Finn!" Henrik groaned.  Crash! As he feared, the pickle jar slipped out of his hands along with the two liter of Pepsi that the boys were trying to sneak. Elijah and Vanessa were upstairs still.  "What in the world is going on?" Freya said surveying the mess.  "It was his fault!" Finn shouted as Henrik said the same thing.  Freya urged, "Move away from the glass, you are going to get cut." She shut the fridge and moved the boys back. "You were trying to get the Pepsi again, weren't you? I just told you no. You will be up all night!" Freya yelled.  "It was his-," Henrik started again.  "Don't. I'm going to clean this up. I suggest you both you find a corner before I-," Freya started.  "Get your spoon," Finn mimicked. Freya turned and grabbed her spoon. Finn backed away and tried to flee. She grabbed his arm and turned him applying two swats to area below where his hands were covering. He cried out and tried to dance out of her grasp. She marched him over to the wall. "Stand here and do not move. Hands off your backside," Freya said in a low voice. Finn continued to cover his backside so she gathered his hands behind him and spanked him once on each cheek firmly with the flat wooden spoon, causing him to wail. "You better start to listen. Hands on the wall," Freya ordered. She turned to Henrik who was standing there watching. "Get in the corner right now or you're getting it next," Freya said pointing her spoon. He began to sob and turned to the corner, a foot or two away. Freya gently pushed him a little closer. "I mean it, do not move," Freya said firmly. He turned his body. Tap! Tap! "Turn around," Freya said again. Now he was really wailing though she only tapped him. She almost swatted his hand by accident. Freya put the spoon on the counter and cleaned up the glass. Sadie was panting at the glass doors to come in. Freya let her in and shooed her away from the boys. Elijah came in, "Do I even want to know?"  "They broke the pickle jar fighting over the Pepsi bottle in the frig. I had just told them no," Freya informed him.  Elijah frowned and sighed. He had promised them they could take the dog over to Uncle Kol's to play. Not going would be a punishment, he considered, but they had disobeyed Freya. As if she read his mind, she said, "This is the third time they have acted up today. I'm sorry but if you don't want to spank them, I'll do it myself."  Elijah shook his head, "No, sister. Thank you, though. I think you do enough around here. We were going to eat early tonight because the older boys have their session. Would you mind getting dinner started?" "Of course not," Freya said, she left the spoon on the counter. The older boys had been not great about cleaning up after themselves this week. Freya was tired of it.  "Finn, Henrik, let's go up to your room," Elijah called.  Neither of them moved.  "Unless you want me to take down your pants and spank you right here in front of everyone? The older kids will be home in about five minutes," Elijah announced.  They turned and followed Elijah upstairs. Tears trailed down Henrik's face and Finn looked sullen. "Who wants to tell me what you did wrong?" Elijah asked pulling out an armless chair from along the wall.  Both started arguing and claiming that it wasn't his fault. "I guess you both need some time to stay in here and think. I was going to give you both a few smacks and then take you to Uncle Kol's. But if you can't admit what you did wrong, then you can stay in your room all afternoon and think about it," Elijah reported.  "Will we still get...smacked if we admit it?" Finn asked.  "Yes, but you will get a bigger spanking if you won't admit what you did," Elijah promised.  Finn exhaled, "We wanted a drink and thought we could have one and no one would know. But the jar smashed. Henrik hit me and it slipped."  "Henrik?" Elijah prompted.  "Aunt Freya told us no and said we could have juice or milk. She got real mad. I was just trying to help him," Henrik babbled.  Elijah nodded, "Why do you think you aren't allowed to have Pepsi at 4pm?" "It's bad," Henrik said.  "Sugar?" Finn said.  "Partly. One reason is that there is a chemical in it called caffeine that can keep you awake. So tonight when it's bedtime, the chemical would keep you awake artificially. It's not good for little boys, or anyone really," Elijah explained.  "Oh," Finn said.  "I didn't know why Aunt Freya said we would be up all night. Sorry, Daddy," Henrik said.  "Finn?" Elijah prompted.  "I'm sorry, too, but I already got spanked-, and that spoon hurts," Finn complained.  "Not from me, young man. Now if you still want to take the dog to Uncle Kol's, let's get this over with. Henrik, come here," Elijah said.  Without any fuss, Elijah just bent Henrik over, and gave him five swats. His hand was large enough to cover his entire backside and the boy begged for a reprieve. Elijah cupped his hand and the smacks sounded louder and scarier than they felt. Finn watched frightened as Elijah hugged Henrik and patted his back.  "Finn," Elijah said after laying Henrik on his bed, hiccuping. Finn backed away and Elijah sat and swatted him in the same procedure. He gave him two extra smacks for backing away. Elijah held him a moment, too. He put him in bed on his stomach. Freya's spoon hurt a lot more, but the boys acted like they were being scalded.  "Stay in the beds for ten minutes, I'll come get you for you can get up," Elijah said. He went to change into clothes more suitable for walking outdoors and get the dog ready. The older kids were home. He asked Erik and Connor if they wanted to come, but they were going to play video games in Tyler's room. "Okay, boys, come here," Elijah said when he came back up. He hugged and kissed both of them and held them tightly. He talked to them quietly and asked them to apologize to Freya.  "It hurts her feelings when you disobey her. When you are told to do something by an adult, you are to listen, even when you don't like it. Aunt Freya loves you and wants the best for you, as do we all," Elijah said gently. Just then, Freya came in and hugged them to her.  "Sorry, Aunt Freya," Finn said sadly.  "No more tears, all forgiven. Now you better go take Sadie. She is super excited to go for a walk," Freya said. They ran down without a care in the world ahead of their father. Freya looked guilty, "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have pushed you to spank them. I was frustrated.""You were right, Sister. They've been acting up all week and the more I try to reason with them, the less they listen," Elijah admitted.  "They had to know I was right in my room when they tried to get out the Pepsi. I guess they are testing us. I've been doing a lot of empty threats myself, but two cracks on the behind with that spoon seemed to get their attention. I really only tapped them a little. We're all nervous about them going to school, Brother, but they will be fine," Freya soothed.  Elijah nodded and realized that he was almost sick over it. They were mortal. What if there was an accident or something happened?  "Daddy! Where are you? Can we go?" Elijah heard them call him and vamped downstairs. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Kol's Guesthouse"So how are you settling in here? Quieter, I'm sure," Elijah asked. Kol and Elijah sat on Kol's patio at the guest house and watched the boys play with the dog.  "Aye, it is. Maybe too quiet. I've been reading a lot, writing some, drinking," Kol said as Elijah noticed he was drinking wine instead of blood.  "The boys miss you. They smashed a pickle jar trying to sneak Pepsi this afternoon. It reminded me of when you dropped that case of Clos de Vougeot down the stairs at the compound when you and Marcel were bickering," Elijah smiled. "I never liked Burgundy that much. I hope you didn't blast the poor lads with your ruler," Kol smirked.  "Worse, they got their first taste of Freya's spoon and a few token swats from me. I've grown soft in my old age. Are you quite sure you can't move back in? I know it's tense with Davina, but we need you at the house," Elijah pressed.  "Elijah, it's hard to be around her and not be totally with her, but I know this is right. Give me some more time," Kol said without expression.  "I heard she tried to sneak out to see you," Elijah said.  Kol gave him a look, "Tried, Brother? No, she has. I took her back once and it was an ugly scene. Marcellus doesn't know. Our sister is trying to keep Davina happy, but...I don't know, Elijah. Maybe I should just leave for a while."  "Nonsense. We need you here. The boys would be distraught. Kol, please, we've already spent too much time apart. Come to dinner tonight. Italian.  Niklaus is taking the older boys to therapy tonight later, but everyone will be there for dinner. You can get a feel for Erik and Connor, our new wolves. Please, Brother, join us," Elijah begged.  Kol nodded, "I shall join you. Is Nik really making them go to the head shrinker? Never mind! Do not tell me the story of a certain Viennese doctor you once knew...I'm sorry I brought it up." "I used to visit Freud at Wien IX, Berggasse 19 in Austria, he lived there for 50 years or so before he had to flee those Nazi bastards in what?  1938? Sigmund's flat is now a museum, I believe. There was nothing like Vienna in those days, the art, the music, the ideas," Elijah droned on.  "And then another great war. I missed the whole damn thing. I may have been better off daggered. And Freud? I cannot imagine with the father of psychology would have thought of me. I don't want to know. Coming, boys," Kol said getting up as the boys called him to play.  "Five more minutes," Elijah smiled.  Elijah's mind drifted to the second great war. Before it really, 1933, the Originals had seen the rise and fall of many empires, but this was different. Elijah and Klaus had separated for a while to throw Mikael off their trail. Elijah thought he had found reports of Mikael slaughtering werewolf villages in Germany and he had sought out Niklaus. But it wasn't Mikael. It was something else. Elijah wasn't sure what made him thing of it right now. The symbol on the silver bolt Klaus found when Erik massacred those hunters? That awful Nazi August? It was at the edge of his consciousness... "Daddy? Isn't it time to go?" Henrik said jumping on Elijah in the chair.  "Brother, I'll walk over with you," Kol said hoisting Finn up on his shoulders.  "I'm ready," Elijah said, tickling Henrik and trying to forget about the past. At least for a little while. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Wednesday Evening"Wow! Do you guys eat like this every night?" Connor asked.  "It's just like spaghetti," Tyler smiled.  "Yeah, but all this other stuff," Erik said in awe. He had never seen so much food, salads, breads, pastas with two different sauces, meatballs, grated cheeses, some kind of vegetable he didn't know what it was, and then more for dessert.  "Eat up, boys. You are both much too thin," Klaus smiled.  "Dad, do we really have to go tonight?" Jeremy groaned. They had their therapy session with the expert tonight. It was just another first visit, but Jeremy felt like he had already been cleared by Dr. O'Connell and shouldn't need to go yet again.  "I cannot have this conversation again, so I shall just say yes," Klaus offered passing the garlic bread to him.  Matt didn't say a word. Klaus had caught him when he came home from school. He had told him that they would talk later and everything would be okay. Matt could tell he wasn't mad, which made Matt feel worse. Seeing how impressed Erik and Connor were just with the dinner spread made Matt realize that he probably had more in common with them than Jer and Ty, he thought. Matt's mom wasn't a prostitute, but she was an addict who could barely take care of herself, let alone her kids.  "What's wrong, bro?" Tyler said punching Matt's leg.  "Hey Ty, what do you think about Jer and me moving back in the room?" Matt said quietly.  "Ah, oh, I thought you didn't want to...I mean, Erik and Connor, were thinking about...," Tyler started, realizing the issue.  "Oh, that's cool. Forget I said anything," Matt said with fake lightness.  "Davina, did you hear me?" Marcel said again from the other side of the massive dining room table. Davina hadn't heard a word. Kol was talking to Freya. Her heart was breaking all over again.  "Can I be excused?" Davina asked Rebekah. Marcel was about to say no. Rebekah saw the tears, "Sure, luv." Davina barely made it out of the room before being flooded with bitter tears. Kol didn't want her anymore.  The dog followed her and she sat on the second floor landing and hugged the dog and cried.  "I'd ask if your dog died but...," Connor started, petting Sadie.  Davina looked up in surprise, "I'm sorry. Don't mind me. I'm a mess."  "Can I do anything to help?" Connor said leaning against the wall.  Davina shook her head but couldn't help but cry harder. "A girl as beautiful as you shouldn't be so sad," Connor said softly. "I'm sure I look really great now," Davina smiled through her tears.  "Hey, why don't we go upstairs and play pool. I suck and if you beat me, I'm sure you will feel better. It will at least give you a good laugh," Connor offered. Davina realized that he was very handsome, especially when he smiled.  "Can I take a raincheck? I better go up and study. I'm failing French and I'm going to lose the phone I just got today if I flunk the test tomorrow," Davina said getting up.  "Jusqu'à demain, beautiful," Connor said. "I don't know what that means, but thanks," Davina said.  "Our grandmother was creole, it means 'until tomorrow'," Connor said going back to his room.  Davina waved. Sadie followed Connor and went into the bedroom with him. She finally stopped crying.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Later Wednesday EveningKlaus was glad this therapy appointment was closer to the house than the last one. He checked in with the receptionist. "The doctor would like to speak to you, Mr. Mikaelson," the receptionist said.  "Boys, sit tight," Klaus said. Jeremy was reading, Tyler bouncing his foot up and down, and Matt was staring at the same page of a sports magazine.  "Hello, I just wanted to check in with you," Camille O'Connell said.  "Camille, I didn't think this was your practice!" Klaus said in surprise.  "Yes, my office got transferred here. They needed another therapist and this is closer to my condo. How's Jeremy doing?" Camille asked.  "He's not happy to be here," Klaus said honestly. He filled her in on the issues with the pornography, lying, and things like that.  "I'm sorry to hear that. You know what? I'll let my colleagues speak to your other sons and I'll talk to Jeremy again. If there is nothing there, we can let him off the hook, so to speak. Really, you wouldn't believe some of the things we hear. Your sons have been through a lot, but they seem to be coping well. We'll assess them and let you know what they think," Camille reassured him.  "Say, Camille...Thank you," Klaus said, kissing her hand. She flushed and called for Jeremy in the waiting room.  Klaus walked back in feeling like he was a much younger man. After all three boys were seen, Klaus talked to Camille again.  "May I call you after I confer with my coworkers?" Cami asked.  "Only if you'll go out to dinner with me on Saturday?" Klaus responded.  "Maybe we can discuss it on the phone," Cami laughed. Klaus nodded and took his boys home. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mikaelson MansionMystic Falls, Virginia, 2010 Wednesday NightAfter the therapy session, Klaus stopped by to say goodnight. "Son, I know it's getting late. I'm tired about turning last night, but I a little worried about you. Why did you not just ask me if you could skip tutoring? I can't guarantee I would have said yes, but the thought of you falling in the quarry or...," Klaus drifted off.  "Dad, I didn't even go near the water. I just sat in the truck. But I'm sorry. I should have asked you," Matt admitted.  "Connor talked to me today. When you're ready, he would like to speak to you. Is that something you would be willing to do?" Klaus inquired.  "Yeah, I think so. Everything that happened with my sister, my mom, that wasn't his fault. I kind of thought he was a jerk, but I guess I'm seeing that there were other things going on. I guess I feel bad for them, not I guess, I do feel bad for them...and how I acted," Matt admitted.  "My sweet boy, come here," Klaus said hugging Matt to him and holding his head.  "Daddddd," Matt groaned at being called sweet. "And as to your little misadventure, I'm willing to overlook it if you continue to study with Vanessa and can get everything caught up this weekend," Klaus replied.  "You mean I'm grounded this weekend?" Matt asked. "No, I didn't say that. I am saying that I am holding you responsible for getting caught up on everything. If you can do that and still go out, I will trust you. Can you handle that?" Klaus asked, holding Matt at arm's length.  "Yes, sir. Vanessa's been really helpful," Matt shared.  "How was the therapy session? As bad as you thought it would be? You don't need to tell me details," Klaus said, starting to walk to the door.  "Fine. It was just basic getting to know you stuff. It made me realize that I did have a pretty good life and do again. I know I will never forget Vicky, but that with all of your help, I've kept going," Matt said, starting to get undressed.  "That's all we can do. Love you," Klaus said.  "Love you, too, Dad," Matt said.Thursday AfternoonErik and Connor moved into Tyler's room. It was a quick move as they barely had any belongings. They did have all their new clothes and shoes. The Mikaelson's even bought Sadie toys and a collar with her name on it. She got shots and papers. Elijah had washed all their new clothes before they even wear them, which they thought was weird.    Connor brought in a stack of folded clothes and shoved it in Erik's arms.  "Start pulling this stuff away," Connor demanded.  "Make me. You're not my boss," Erik joked. "Wanna bet, asshole," Connor said opening up the top drawer to the dresser. His eyes got wide when he saw the school paddle with holes in it under a t-shirt.  "Now this is a damn paddle," Connor said hefting it,"Bend over, little bro!"  "Fuck you. You whup me with that and I will maul you the next full moon!"Erik yelped, still carrying the stack of clothes and dodging his brother's wild swing.  "Having fun, boys?" Klaus said from the door.  Connor cleared his throat,"Ah sorry, just screwing around. I found this while putting away clothes."  "I see. Well, I'll take that. This paddle is harsh, especially for humans. I think it is meant to be used over layers of clothes, but perhaps I'll put it on top of the fridge. Children always seem to get a bit mouthy down there when they don't feel like helping with the dishes. Deterrent, mostly," Klaus said.  "Not us, sir. We are used to working," Erik said setting down the clothes and finding empty drawers to sort them into. His longer dirty blond hair was in his face. "I'm sorry that you have had it so rough. Also, I meant to ask you if you needed to contact your mother. Elijah found a contact number. She's in a facility near Monroe," Klaus explained.  Connor said 'yes' at the same moment Erik said 'no.'  They glared at each other.  "It's okay. Connor, go down and call. Elijah's expecting you," Klaus said patting him on the arm.  "Sorry, sometimes he gets on my nerves," Erik explained. "Erik, I grew up with four brothers, you don't have to explain to me," Klaus said.  "Wow! That's a lot," Erik said still arranging his clothes.  "This was a thousand years ago. It wasn't unusual for there to be large families, but so many children died of disease at that time. I suppose we were lucky at the time since our mother was a powerful witch. She had a diabolical concoction for every ailment," Klaus smiled.  "It's not that I hate my mom, it's just that we don't really get along," Erik admitted.  "The man you killed? Was that her lover?" Klaus pressed.  "Nah, her pimp. He used to beat her if she didn't make enough money. We were living in some fleabag motel and I thought he was going to kill her this one night. Even even wanted to put me on the street. I...," Erik stopped.  "What, Erik? I promise you that I will never judge you," Klaus revealed.  "I killed him slow. Maybe I did it to show my mama that I could, that I had the power. I let him bled out. She begged me to save him. When she never said a word when he was beating on us. She was too high on smack to call the cops herself, too out of it. Then, I, left her with the body. Blood everywhere. I just took my shit and walked out. I found Sadie on the way and thought that I would come back to live with relatives up here. They all moved," Erik laughed manically.  Klaus put the paddle down on the dresser, "Come here."  He pulled Erik into a rough embrace.  Erik cried, "I'm a monster. I'm a fucking monster. Who does that?" Klaus pulled back and looked him in the eye, "Don't let me hear you say that again. You are not a monster, you are a survivor. Do you hear me?" Klaus shook him a little.  "No, I'm a monster. It felt good to kill him. I'd...do it again. I'm a fucking monster and no one can tell me different," Erik sniffed.  Klaus picked the paddle back up and grabbed Erik with his left arm. He quickly bent him over the couch.  Whack!  "You are a fighter!" Klaus said after swatting him across both cheeks.Whack! "You did what you had to do," Klaus resting the wood on his backside a moment over the seat of his jeans.  Crack!  "You are going to get through this," Klaus said putting the paddle down. Klaus sat on the back of the couch and let Erik cry in his arms.  "I mean it, Son, you did what you needed to do. Let it go," Klaus said rubbing his back. "S-Sorry, I'm s-so s-sorrry," Erik wailed.  "You have nothing to be sorry for," Klaus assured him.  Erik finally looked up and said, "Some deterrent." He rubbed his sore butt and Klaus kissed him on the head.  "I didn't mean to do that, but I will again. You start to feel down on yourself and you find me, okay? I know it hurts, but with your healing you should be fine soon," Klaus said.  "I hope," Erik replied, still rubbing with one hand and pushing back his hair with the other.  "Come on, let's get you some lunch. I'll try not to beat you for at least the next hour or so," Klaus joked.  "Thanks. Those holes really make a different, huh?" Erik remarked. He was sure his ass was bruised.   "Physics," Klaus said putting his arm around him. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^Connor reacted in shock, "We have a sister? Ma, what the fuck are you talking about?" Elijah cringed at the language and the implication that there was another unclaimed wolf out there.  "Near Monroe? In New Orleans? Why didn't you tell us?" Connor almost yelled.  Elijah hated to interrupt, but did anyway, "What is it?" "Mama is saying that we have a sister. She gave her to the daddy, but this sister is now in trouble," Connor explained.  Elijah picked up the extension and tried to get as much detail as he could out of the mother. She was in rehab and didn't sound all that coherent. He left Connor on the phone and went to get Niklaus.  "Brother, it's urgent. Call Marcellus, we are going to need his help," he called.  Elijah filled in Klaus, Erik, and Marcel.  "We have a sister? What the hell? And she never told us?" Erik was in shock. Connor got off the phone.  "She heard the girl escaped her father's family and is on the run," Elijah explained.  "So you all have different fathers?"  Connor nodded, "We think. We're not real sure."  Elijah paused, "Niklaus, the name of the girl is Penelope. Penelope Guerrera Correa. The father is Gabriel Guerrera Correa."  "Who the hell is that?" Erik growled.  "One of our greatest enemies. I thought we killed them all in the 20s," Marcel spat.  Klaus marveled, "This sister of yours would have two wolf genes. That's more than I have. She would have the traits from your mother's side and her fathers'. And boys, Guerrera wolves were a a brutish pack of thieves and killers, but that is nothing compared to what they became when they change on a full moon." "They were almost unstoppable. Brother, we must not hesitate. Marcel, you should leave immediately. Go to New Orleans and meet with Father Kieran and bring this young wolf princess back. It may take all of your contacts and guys to help. Take Kol and Rebekah with you," Elijah said.  "What about Davina?" Marcel said.  "We'll take care of the Harvest witch. Just find their sister and bring her back to us safely. The Guerrera's have hated us and swore an oath to destroy every last Mikaelson. However, they will stop at nothing to do it. They will kill their own young for revenge against us. Your sister is not safe within their grasp, perhaps that is why she escaped," Klaus put forth.  "I should go, too. I've turned. I'm coming," Erik insisted.  "Erik, it's too dangerous. You are powerful on the full moon, but the Guerrera's are trained mafiosos who have no compunction about killing children the other days in the month," Klaus said standing.  "I don't care. She's our sister and one of us should be there. I am going," Eric snapped.  "Gentleman, please make preparations. I see that Erik's backside is not sore enough for him to mind me yet. Connor, you may stay for this or go. Your choice," Klaus said vamping over to grab Erik.  Elijah and Marcel left, Connor decided he ought to stay. He had seen his brother licked many times and had actually spanked him a handful of times himself. He knew that Erik could be difficult.  Klaus dragged the struggling boy over to the couch. He would give him one more chance to avoid a trip over his knee.  "Erik, please listen to me. I know you are concerned and I share that with you. But this is going to be a very dangerous and delicate mission. My siblings cannot be killed and Marcellus is King of the City and over 200 years old. They have done this sort of thing before. Do you understand why you need to stay here?" Klaus asked holding Erik by the arms in between his knees.  "No, I can handle myself. I need to be there. They are gonna need us. I'm going and y'all can't stop me," Erik yelled. Klaus looked at Connor and Connor shook his head. "He's as stubborn as a mule. Wear him out," Connor preached. "Very well," Klaus said resigned.  He grabbed the waistband of Erik's jeans and unbuttoned them.  He pulled them down to his mid thigh and then bend the boy over his left thigh. Erik was already struggling and Klaus pinned his legs with his right leg. Klaus put his hand over Erik's plaid boxers.  "Erik, settle down or I'm going to have your brother hand me Elijah's ruler. You will regret that, I assure you," Klaus warned.  Erik began cursing and struggling more. Connor went and got the heavy ruler in the container on the desk. Klaus began spanking Erik with strong smacks that he wouldn't use on a human, though not as hard as he'd use on a vampire.  Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack.  Erik seemed to be completely infuriated and enraged. Klaus paused to pull the jeans down a bit lower and smacked the top of his thighs. After a minute of swats, Klaus pulled down the boxers.  Erik howled in fury and Connor handed Klaus the ruler. He lined it up as well as he could and brought it down with a crack.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Erik's upper body was on the couch and he was pushing up so Klaus shifted him so his head and hands would be more toward the floor. This allowed Klaus to get more of a swing and he utilized it to began to work his way down Erik's thighs.  "Erik, please believe that I only wish to keep you safe. I know you've only just got here but I already care a great deal for you and Connor. Please trust me," Klaus said pausing and tapping the ruler on his now striped backside. Some areas were still white and others a little red. Klaus knew he was healing fast, so he continued spanking steadily and firmly. Erik's dark blonde hair was in his face, but finally Klaus heard Erik's breath hitch. Klaus glanced at Connor and Connor nodded. He was almost there.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! "I know this hurts, Erik. Let it out. You're going to be okay," Klaus said still swatting him firmly.  "F-Fineee, I-I won't go. Are you f-fuckin' h-happy?" Erik wailed.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! "Erik, I do appreciate that. But I'm sure you don't want to sit in the corner on a sore bottom with soap in your mouth so watch the language," Klaus continued whacking him.  Smack! Smack!  Erik wailed something, Klaus wasn't sure what it was, but now that Erik's rear end was a bright red and his thighs were pink, he decided to stop. He handed Connor the ruler, which he put back. Connor pointed to the door and tiptoed out.  "Okay, that's enough. It's all over. No more," Klaus murmured, now rubbing his back.  "Erik, I'm going to help you up, okay? Connor left, it's just us," Klaus said softly.  With his pants still tangled at his knees, Klaus needed to help steady him so he didn't fall.  "Come here a minute," Klaus said, he opened his arms. Erik scowled and then sobbed. Finally, he leaned again Klaus and let himself be embraced. Klaus patted his back with one hand and smoothed his hair with the other.  "You're okay," Klaus said as Erik cried into Klaus' neck. Klaus fished out a handkerchief and started to wipe his face the best that he could.  "Feel better?" Klaus asked, not quite expecting an answer. "Why w-would she g-give our sister away?" Erik whispered.  "Our mother gave my sister Freya to our aunt. We thought she was dead for over 900 years. It wasn't something she wanted to do. I'm sure your mum felt like she had no choice," Klaus explained.  "I don't usually cry this much," Erik flushed.  "Sometimes it helps to get it out. Erik, we'll do everything we can to return your sister to you. I promise," Klaus announced.  "Thank you. It will be nice to have one sibling since I'm going to kick my bro's butt for giving you that ruler. I didn't think you would really spank me. It hurts," Erik stated.  "I warned you it hurt. That's the thing, though, with you being a werewolf, you can take a much longer, harder spanking that you could if you were human. That should be a good incentive to behave," Klaus said standing him up. He pulled up Erik's shirt to look at his backside. It was still red.  Erik was heroically trying to tug up his pants.  "Take your time. You know, your brother cares a great deal for you. He stayed here to make sure you were okay. It's not easy to watch someone you care about being taken to task. But what is harder is watching someone get hurt because they are reckless and impulsive. So I'm going to make this very clear, you do not go and try to find your sister," Klaus stated.  "I ain't gonna," Erik said easing his pants over his backside.  "Good, I assure you that you don't want to feel that paddle I spanked you with earlier on your bare bottom, do you?" Klaus questioned.  "No, sir. I do not," Erik admitted.  "Two spankings, one day, welcome to the family," Klaus said leading him out of the study. "Ah, thanks?" Erik said, still rubbing his behind with one hand. The fabric of his boxers and jeans felt like sandpaper against his throbbing cheeks.  Sadie ran out to meet Erik in the hallway. He stiffly went to pet her and Connor followed.  "I'll let you two talk," Klaus said patting Connor on the arm.  "What were you two doing?" Connor asked. Erik flushed, "He was..." "What? I thought he was done whupping you," Connor offered.  "He was. He was hugging me and wiping my face," Erik admitted. Connor was perplexed. "Well, you was right that they are liable to whup us. I just didn't think it would be like that," Connor confessed. "He whooped you and then hugged you? Peculiar."  "Yeah, it hurts but it's nothing compared to a switching. Forget that, though. I can't believe we have a sister and ma never told us. When was she born? I mean, she sent us away so many times, we wouldn't rightly now when," Erik realized.  "Maybe that's why she sent us away? At least one of the times. Erik, who knows what other secrets she has," Connor speculated.  "Yeah, let's deal with one at a time. Wonder if they will give me ice for my ass?" Erik asked slyly.  "I don't think so. You deserved it. You ain't got no business saying you're going to New Orleans. You don't know shit about it. What help could you possibly be?" Connor asked.  "Maybe our sister won't come up here unless she knows her kin is here? Huh, ever think of that?" Erik snapped.  "No, that's stupid. Now, let's get back upstairs and get to work on that room, before you get yourself tanned again," Connor offered.  "I come down here for lunch. I got a lot more than I reckon'ed I'd get, but at least we got a sister. Wonder if we will ever get to meet her?" Erik mused. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday MorningRebekah, Marcel, and Kol left for New Orleans in the morning. Father Kieran, Cami's uncle, thought he might have a lead on the young werewolf princess. In the last century, the surviving Guerrera's had gone underground and posed as a human crime family, the Correa's. As far as Kieran knew the heirs were going around and trying to create a line of werewolf babies to help bolster their numbers. Penelope was one of these children. If the Originals didn't get her back, the Guerrera's would mold her into one of their soldiers. Their dark aim was no longer just to take over the docks during Prohibition, but to eradicate any vampires, like the Original family, who stood in their way.  Elijah tried to explain it to Conner and Erik, "Your mother, most likely, had no idea what she was getting into. Gabriel was probably not the type to take no for an answer. I don't know if they paid her off or simply took your sister, we might never know. The point is that we need to get her back." "What about the other soldiers there? The kids?" Connor asked.  Klaus winced, "Once they are sired to the alpha, it's too late. Gaining obedience over that wolf would be...difficult and dangerous. Being a werewolf is based on instinct and pack mentality. If the pack is strong, the bond between the wolf and the alpha is more solid. I don't know if they can be saved."  "Marcel will try. He is no fan of wolves, but he will try to sire them out. Marcel would never harm an innocent child. If it is possible, Marcel will find a way," Elijah added.  "Come now, it's early for this kind of talk. Did you boys eat yet? You can take Sadie to the woods. It is your last Friday of freedom before school starts on Monday," Klaus said. "Ughhhh, I hate school. I'm 16 but they put me a year behind cause of all I missed. At least this one is book smart, though lazy. You sure like to read, don't ya, Erik, maybe even things you ought not to," Connor said indicating his brother. Erik rolled his eyes, "He would do good, too. If he ever went to school." "Well. He would do well," Elijah corrected putting an arm around Erik.  "He would do well if he wasn't so goddamn lazy," Erik corrected smirking at Connor.  Smack!  Elijah cracked him on the back of the thigh.  "Language, Erik. I think you are out of warnings," Elijah said firmly. Erik rubbed the slight sting.  "Sorry," Erik added.  "Ha, loser!" Connor laughed. Crack! Klaus smacked Connor's backside as he snickered.  "Don't laugh at your brother. Now sit and eat," Klaus ordered.  "Yes, sir," Connor said taking a sit at the kitchen island.  Freya came in and greeted everyone.  "Pizza tonight?" she suggested.  "How about tomorrow night? I might be out, if the lady says yes," Klaus announced.  "Is this the therapist lady?" Freya pressed.  "I'm actually supposed to call her about now, if you will excuse me," Klaus smiled.  Klaus went to his study and put the call in to Camille. She was in a session and would call back. She did about twenty minutes later.  "Klaus, I'm glad you called," Cami breathed over the phone.  "It's good to speak to you, Camille. My son and siblings just flew to New Orleans to meet with your uncle," Klaus intoned.  "Oh, Kieran is so into New Orleans. He almost puts it before the church in a way. They wanted to move him to Rome several years ago and he almost left the priesthood. I'm sure he'll thrilled to help," Cami added.  "We certainly need his counsel in a matter," Klaus replied.  "Well, my colleagues again do not see a strong need for your boys to have to come in for any emergency services. They did not present with any danger signs. The boys have given permission for me to discuss the findings with you, but I can only speak in overall terms. The drugs and alcohol use mentioned are not habitual, so that is not addiction. Matt's poor grades are not really a new thing, like a sudden drop in performance. The boys have experienced death, but are not depressed or suicidal about it. They seem to be grieving normally. It's a long process, of course. No self-harm like cutting reported. They seem well-adjusted. However, if any of them want to continue therapy, they are welcome to do so," Cami finished.  "Ah no, they were not very keen on it, I'm sorry to say. But I am very relieved at your findings. Perhaps I was overzealous to have them examined. So does this make us friends again, rather than doctor/patient?" Klaus asked.  "Yes, I believe so. Friends, again. Though anyone can benefit from someone to talk to," Cami laughed.  Klaus went on, "So tomorrow night, dinner? I can pick you up at your condo at say 7?"  "You don't give up, do you? It sounds lovely," Cami said softly.  "There's an art exhibit I want to show you," Klaus added.  "I'll see you at 7," Cami said hanging up.  Klaus felt like he was walking on air.  Then, he got a call from the school. Jeremy was missing, and so was Matt. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic Fall High SchoolJeremy had slipped out the side door of Mystic Falls High School. He used to do this a lot when he was on drugs. He went into the wooded area just to think. It felt odd not to be smoking a joint, but he really didn't care about that. He just wanted a minute to think. Jenna was getting big and because it was twins, she could go into labor early.  It was nice to her and Alaric living in his parents' house, but at the same time it still hurt.  Jenna had been a decade younger than his mother, but looked like her all the same.  Jeremy saw Alaric at school, he knew he was excited and nervous about being a father. Elena was Elena, distracted and more concerned with Stefan and Damon than anything else. Jeremy knew that a new family would be making memories in the house where his family had lived together, they were gone, but they would want him and Elena to be happy themselves.   There was a little stump where Jeremy and Vicky used to sit and smoke dope when she was alive. Jeremy had loved Vicky, he knew that she had been fixated on Tyler, though, even though he had treated her like dirt. Jeremy now knew Tyler's old bravado was a facade. He didn't act like that anymore, but Jeremy still didn't get why Vicky put up with that. "What are you doing out here, man?" Matt hissed.  "Shit! You scared me. It's just study hall. I just needed some air," Jeremy admitted.  "Well, Alaric is looking for you," Matt added.  "Is it Jenna? What's going on?" Jeremy demanded.  "No, stupid, you got reported as skipping. There is a sub in Tindale's study hall," Matt added.  "Oh my god, Tindale never takes attendance. I am so dead!" Jeremy announced.  "Yes, you are," a voice said from the trees.  Jeremy and Matt backed up. They didn't recognize the voice.  "Who the hell are you?" Matt blustered.  "Oh, I guess you can call me Mr. Guerrera. Though, because of your hell spawn family, we've had to hide under the name Correa for a century," the man scoffed. He was wearing a pin striped suit with a hat. He was heavy set and dark complexed. "We don't know anything about that. If you hurt us, our dad will end you," Jeremy threatened.  Four men came out of the trees. "Seize them. Your daddy, as you say, thought we was dead a hundred years ago. Surprise, we ain't. Now shut up because I cut out your tongues and feed them to you," the man calling himself Guerrera said. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson Mansion/MFHSElijah stayed at the house with Freya as she did a location spell. Klaus drove to the school. He met with Alaric and was able to track the boys by scent. "There were out here in this clearing and then taken...by wolves," Klaus exclaimed to Alaric. Freya called, "They are at the Quarry. Be careful, Brother. This is a set up." "Of course it is," Klaus snarled. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionEric tugged on Elijah's sleeve. "There's something I need to tell you," Eric said urgently. "Yes, Erik. What is it?" Elijah said. "The man I murdered. I said he was my mom's pimp, I think he was also a Correa. They are after me," Erik admitted. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Klaus called Elijah, "They are holding the boys captive. They said that if we don't turn over Erik and Connor, they will start cutting pieces off of Matt and Jeremy." "What do you want me to do, Brother?" Elijah asked. He was in the house with the younger boys, Freya, Vanessa, and a nervous Erik and Connor. "Nothing. We have Bonnie. She is going to link with me," Klaus said solemnly.  Elijah was astounded. If Bonnie linked with Klaus' power, she would have access to his mind.  Also, she would access to a vast array of power. "Henrik, Finn, stop it. You are scaring Sadie," Elijah called over to the boys. They were fighting over who would throw her toy to her. He went to help settle their squabble and never saw Erik and Connor leave. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"You had to take the Porsche?" Erik asked incredulously. "It's the fastest! Brother, if we don't get there, you know what they will do to Matt and Jeremy. Matt already hates me. We can't let Klaus go into this alone," Connor exclaimed.  Erik gave him directions for the quarry. This is where Kol had found him and Sadie. He never thought he would be going back there, especially to fight the Correa's, or Guerrera's...Whatever they called themselves. "There, up ahead. Park here," Erik yelled. "How did you see that," Connor squinted.  "Wolf sense, duh?" Erik mocked. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Steven's QuarryFriday Afternoon"Klaus, are you ready? This may hurt a little. Well, it's going to hurt a lot, but this spell with cripple anyone in a five mile radius. You will have five seconds to grab Jeremy and Matt until I put the boundary spell up. Then, I can fry them if you like?" Bonnie offered.  "I would like to take one to interrogate, but the safety of the boys is paramount. Let's do this. They said they would start by cutting off their fingers. Guerrera brutes," Klaus growled.  Just as Bonnie started, they heard Erik yell.  "Erik, what the bloody hell are you doing here?" Klaus shouted.  "There's something you need to know," Erik shared.  "What? What is it, Erik?" Klaus said.  "The man I killed was a Correa thug, but there were also these creepy twin girls who used to hang around the motel. I'm sorry, I was snooping around in your study and I read in one of your journals about witches. I think they suck power from other species. If you use magic, they will use it against you," Erik huffed in a rush.  Klaus and Bonnie looked at each other, "They have a siphon witch? A gemini coven?"  Klaus thought for a moment, "You've been reading my memoirs? We've dealt with this coven before, they are dangerous. You all stay here. Bonnie, I'll grab the boys and then get out of there. If you shield us, they can't siphon that, can they?"  "No, they can only get my magic if they touch me or I try to use it against them. Go now!" Bonnie urged.  Klaus vamped to where the thugs were holding his sons. He decapitated the four guards before anyone even saw him. He didn't see the witches, but grabbed Tyler and Jeremy and got them out of there. Mr. Guerrera was left standing in a the center of a circle of headless bodies.  "No!!!!" he screamed, but his hostages were gone.  Klaus got the boys back to Bonnie.  "Are you harmed? Do they hurt you?" Klaus asked insistently.  "No, Dad, we're fine," Matt answered.  "I need to get him," Klaus told Bonnie.  "Klaus, it's too dangerous. Those witches could be anywhere. If they siphon you, an Original, think about it! They would be unstoppable. We need to go now!" Bonnie demanded.  "Bonnie's right. Matt, you drive the Porsche. Take Connor and Bonnie.We'll take the SUV. Stay together," Klaus ordered.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^As soon as they got home, Bonnie and Freya started to look up everything they come on the Gemini coven and siphoning. They had Erik show them the books he was snooping in.  "Erik, what made you suspicious?" Elijah asked.  "Those creepy red haired twins were always around the man I killed. The night I did it, though, they were gone.  He had attacked my ma before and I could never get the jump on him. They maybe were protecting him? I don't know," Erik wondered. "I only know that I could only kill him when they were gone. Then, I thought I saw them the other day. I just thought I was being paranoid." "You endangered yourselves by coming out to the Quarry!" Klaus yelled, "What were you thinking? I do have a cell phone!"  Erik trembled, "I wanted to help. This is all my fault. Those hunters I killed? On the full moon. I think they were Guerrera's following me. I should have told you before, but I wasn't sure."  Klaus calmed himself, "This is not your fault, Erik. The Guerrera's have been our enemies since before Prohibition, a century ago. Everyone is safe for now. I want all of you boys to go to separate rooms and rest. Matt, Jeremy, go shower and change also. I'll call Alaric and the school. We also let Tyler, Davina, and everyone we know to be on full alert."  Elijah watched the boys go up, "I already called Marcel. No answer. This could be worse than we thought if witches are involved."  "They are lucky we have no time to thrash them now! But I swear, Brother, these boys are going to going to regret risking their lives today," Klaus thundered.  "Calm now, Brother. Let's make sure they are all safe before setting any of them straight," Elijah counseled. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Freya and Bonnie thought they found a spell to block the siphoning, for at least a time.  "They are going to make a stand.  I have a feeling though, it won't be here. I think it will be in New Orleans. The place it all started," Klaus shared.  "With Davina here, we could raise a shield that would absorb their magic and let us siphon it off, kind of a reverse spell of what they do, if they come at us," Freya added.  "We need to put all these Guerrera-Correa's down like dogs. They won't stop. Is there a spell where you can link them? Through their blood?" Elijah asked.  "Yes, but if Erik and Connor's sister is one, she would perish also," Freya said carefully.  "Forget it, then," Klaus said, "We'll find another way." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Earlier in the DayFrancesca Guerrera Correa was glad she wouldn't have to go by fake names much longer. She was now going by Francesca Carlitta, it was her late aunt's first name.  As the head of the 'human' faction, she already had a lot on her plate. Too bad she wasn't human.  "Hello, Father, good to see you," Francesca greeted Father Kieran. "Ms. Correa, lovely as ever. Thanks for meeting us. This is Rebekah Mikaelson, Kol Mikaelson, and you know Marcel Gerald," Father Kieran said making introductions.  "Thanks for meeting with us. We are looking for a young werewolf by the name of Penelope Guerrera Correa. She maybe in great danger. Can you reach out to the human faction and see if anyone knows anything? Maybe someone in your casino business knows something. Will we pay for information," Marcel added.  Kol smirked, "Or we won't kill everyone involved in her kidnapping! Take your pick." "There's the Mikaelson's that I've heard about. Threats and intimidation. Actually, I do know where Penny is. I have her. She's my niece. You will all be, shall we say, reduced to ash before you get your hands on her," Francesca laughed.  The Gemini coven did a spell to siphon Kol and Rebekah, they then used that power to give Marcel an aneurysm spell. A body guard pinned Father Kiernan's arms behind his back.  "Do you know what you have done?" Father Kiernan screamed.  "Yes, I've just started a war. And I intend to win it. By the way, Padre, you should know, my real name is Francesca Guerrera," Francesca said as she knocked him out cold. 
  
    Chapter Text
    New Orleans, 2010By the end of the night, the Sun and the Moon curse was broken. The Gemini witches, with the promise of keeping the Originals to siphon for eternity, made a deal with the Guerrera's. The Guerrera, a brutal pack of wolves bent on revenge, wanted their turn on the top. Now they, along with some innocents, were all dead. Almost all dead... Earlier that day Francesca's ancestor Edurado had found this moonstone in South America in 1921, right before he was slaughtered by the Mikaelson's. He also found the ancient tomes about breaking the curse. Francesca grew up hating the Mikaelson's for making her family hide in plain sight. It was humiliating to have to pose as humans. Who heard of a crime family who couldn't murder anyone? They had to order their underlings to do it.  They couldn't risk breaking their cover story. She ran the casinos, led the human faction, and made preparations to free the werewolves from their curse. If they could change at will, they could fight the vampires. They could finally take their place and rule the wolves, subjugate the blood suckers, and enslave the witches. Finally. "Do you have the doppelgänger ready?" Francesca asked her brother. "Yeah, we found him at the hospital where he works. Tom Avery. Pretty nice guy. Kind of a shame," Antonio muttered.  "Shut up, Antonio. He must die like the rest. Don't get soft on me," Francesca snapped.  "Fine, Francesca. We couldn't get to the Petrova one, she had two boyfriends protecting her, vamps," Antonio replied.  Francesca had already had Antonio turn a new vampire using Marcel Gerald's blood. They had an untriggered wolf kill a tourist. These sacrifices along with the death of Tom Avery, Stefan's double, would free the wolves of being tied to the full moon forever. And they needed the help of a coven of very special witches.  Mikaelson MansionMystic Falls, Virginia"Something is wrong, Niklaus. No one is answering. I can't get a hold of anyone in New Orleans. I booked the jet. We need to go down there now," Elijah said pacing. "Brother, you must stay with the children here. I'll see if Bonnie can stay here and maintain a boundary spells with Davina. I'll take Freya and we'll head down there immediately. Have faith. I hope to bring the girl back and some beignets," Klaus said clamping his hand on his brother's shoulder.  "Come back safe. Bring them all back to us," Elijah intoned. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Klaus, there is a boundary spell here. Spies. We can't get close. Keep walking," Freya whispered as they approached their family compound in the French Quarter. "Come with me. If you don't want to end up a battery for them Gemini witches," a voice whispered.  Mary Dumas was a no nonsense werewolf clad in plaid and jeans. She had seen her people brought low. She had no love for the Originals, but the Guerrera's had slaughtered her family. She knew that nothing good came out of their plans. She had steel gray hair and steel in her spine as well. She had buried a husband and did not want more to die, not in her swamp. "Francesca Guerrera is planning the Sun and Moon ceremony tonight in the bayou. I can take you. Us wolves have eyes and ears everywhere in the bayou. But you must promise to remove the Crescent Moon curse your son put on our people. Swear it," Mary growled.  "Or I could just rip out your entrails and feed them to you. My son made your rebellious pack wolves all days except the moon for a reason. Did he not? Tell me where my son is! Where are my siblings?!" Klaus threatened.  "Niklaus, she's on our side. Ma'am, we will help you. I will help you. Please, my brother is beside himself. Take us to the bayou and we will have Marcel reverse the curse," Freya promised, glaring at Klaus.  Mary took them where they needed to go in her old battered truck.  "I don't understand how they can do the spell without the full moon," Freya wondered.  "The Geminis are probably using another natural occurrence such as a comet. As long as they have the power, they can siphon it to wherever they want. They are very dangerous, unless you remove their power source," Klaus smiled.  "We need to find Rebekah and Kol. If I can free them, it's over," Freya said.  "I'll track them," Klaus said as Mary parked and pointed in the direction of the ceremony.  "We should have until dusk," Mary said.  "Mary, you've been very helpful. However, you should leave now. It's not safe for you. We will honor our end of the bargain," Klaus promised.  "You best do so. And I hope I never see your face again, Niklaus Mikaelson. Miss Freya, it's been real nice to meet you. Good luck with this one," Mary sneered as she stomped off to her shack.  "Well, you really made an impression on her," Freya quipped.  "I feel like she was starting to warm up to me," Klaus said sniffing the air.  "We should split up," Freya said.  "Fine. Call me when you find something. Be careful, Sister," Klaus said, vamping away.  Klaus found the shack where they were keeping Marcel tied with vervain chains. He killed the guards and untied him. He was still unconscious. It was growing darker. His neck was broken but he should awaken soon. Father Kieran was tied up and drugged. He found the altars where the Gemini witches were keeping Rebekah and Kol at the same time Freya did.  "Oh Niklaus, thank god. Let's free them and get out of here," Freya whispered.  "Forgive me, Sister," Klaus said as he snapped the bracelets of obedience on Freya. "What the hell are you doing? Is that a cursed object?" Freya hissed.  "You will not stop the ritual. We will let it play out," Klaus instructed her.  Freya opened her mouth, but nothing came out. Klaus had stilled her magic. The bracelet forced her to obey him. "The curse is a fake created by Elijah and me centuries ago. The real curse was what our mother did to me. They can break it with the death of these innocents and the power in the ritual. This spell will allow me to become a true hybrid again. I can make an army, Sister, of hybrids. You see why we need one. Our enemies never tire. They never stop. You are a witch, a servant of nature, and you cannot allow me to do this with your free will," Klaus said watching the ritual.  "But Klaus, they will kill those people!" Freya hissed.  "Yes, I am sorry for it, but don't you see? The Guerrera's played right into my hands. I can't allow this opportunity to pass," Klaus said as he fell to his knees.  "What's happening?" Freya gasped. "It's working! The curse is lifting. I am becoming a wolf again," Klaus proclaimed.  "Papa! Are you okay?" Marcel appeared behind Klaus.  "Son, do not interfere. Please," Klaus begged.  Marcel looked at Freya and back at Klaus. She could not disobey Klaus with the bracelet on. Klaus' eyes turned from green to yellow to orange.  He screamed, "It is done! Marcel, free Freya, Rebekah, and Kol. Help me kill them all, the Guerreras. Save the wolf girl that we came here for."  Klaus morphed into the hybrid and with a speed that even supernatural eyes could not detect, he slaughtered the Guerrera wolves, the Gemini witches, and anyone else who was there. He drank deeply.  Kol and Rebekah rose from their slumber and fed, too.  Freya watched her family kill and wept. They were monsters, predators. Heads, limbs, blood, bone, and flesh flew as the dead fell into heaps and their screams were cut off. They had no chance against three Originals, one now a true hybrid. Even Marcel's fangs sought to tear out throats and drain each creature he could find. He paused when he saw the red haired twins, but Kol sank his teeth into on, and Rebekah, the other. The wolves of the Bayou gathered around the edge of the clearing. Klaus howled and they all answered.  "I am your master now," he shouted. "My name is Klaus Mikaelson and I am a wolf once more. Thank you, Francesca. You have done something no other has done in a thousand years, unleashed my true hybrid nature. I am cleansed!" Francesca crawled on her belly toward the tree line. She was bleeding and should not have had the energy to move, yet her rage gave her strength.  "Where do you think you're going?" Klaus grinned.  "It should have worked! What went wrong?" she cried.  "It was a bloody lie. The curse was a farce. I created the curse, it was a story my brother and me made up 500 years ago. All you did is free my hybrid nature so I can make more half vampires, half werewolves. Thank you, my dear," Klaus smiled.  "You're an abomination of nature!" Francesca screamed before Klaus drained her dry.  "Yes, I suppose I am," Klaus grinned.  "I found the girl!" Rebekah yelled.  "Penelope? Is that you?" Marcel asked kindly.  She was young, maybe 11 or 12.  "We're going to take you with you to safety. To your brothers," Marcel promised.  She was in shock. Marcel looked and saw the scene from her point of view. Kol was still feeding and there was nothing but death and blood everywhere. Besides Penny and Father Kieran, there were no survivors.   Freya pulled herself up and went to the girl.  "Come on honey, let's get you out of here," she said. Freya looked back and Klaus was there.  "Sister, let me remove your bracelet," he commanded. Freya felt her arm lift on its own.  "Sister. I hope you-," Klaus started. Freya pictured herself spitting in his face or slapping him, but instead she just walked away. He could clean up this mess himself. She was done. Mystic Falls, VirginiaSunday Morning "Connor, Erik, this is your sister, Penny," Klaus said gently putting his hand on Penny's shoulder. Penny was a beautiful child who must have resembled their mother before the drugs and alcohol ruined her. She had dark hair, but arresting blue eyes.  Connor spoke first, "Hi there, we're ah, real glad you got here safe. Thanks y'all."  Elijah ushered everyone else out, "We'll give you some time alone."  "Is this your dog?" Penny asked in a small voice. "Yes, ma'am. That is Sadie. She come all the way up here with me from Monroe," Erik smiled.  "She's nice," Penny said. "Where was they keeping you?" Connor asked.  "New Orleans, I reckon. I didn't get out much. I had to stay in this compound and train. I triggered my curse when I busted out, but they caught me again. Miss Francesca was a real bitch, but she dead now," Penny smiled.  Erik and Conor looked at each other in alarm.  "Yeah, well, you'll be okay here. You ought not to curse like that, but you'll be okay. We'll show you your room. You'll be with Davina, she's also a city girl," Erik said. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Dad, you're home!" Tyler said hugging him.  Klaus hugged all of the boys and Elijah.  Elijah gave him a look when everyone had scattered, "Heard you are in some trouble." They walked down to Elijah's study for privacy. Klaus had the grace to look guilty, "Brother, I didn't mean for it to happen like that, but...She's never going to forgive me, is she?" "Freya? I think the question is why you had the dark objects on the ready. I mean how did you even get that?" Elijah asked.  "I took it from Kol's things. It was in the center console of the Porsche," Klaus admitted.  "You planned this?" Elijah pressed harder.  "No, I swear, I just wanted to be prepared," Klaus replied.  "Well, Brother, I am happy for you that you got what you wanted. I just hope it was worth the cost. I think you ought to think about that," Elijah said and walked out the room.  Klaus felt like he just got scolded like a schoolboy. He had no idea how to make this right.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Sunday Afternoon"Freya, please, don't do this," Klaus begged.  "You can't even apologize can you? You know what, Niklaus? I need some time. I'm going to stay with Kol," Freya said continuing to pack. Klaus opened his mouth and no words came out.  He realized he had missed his date with Camille the night before, he hadn't even called.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Davina tried to make Penny comfortable in the room. She had her own twin bed now, pushed up against the other wall. Penny was quiet and seemed like she was in shock. "Penny, you know I was all messed up when I came here, too. Well, I guess I still am. But I think you will like it here. I have school tomorrow and need to be in bed. Do you need anything?" Davina asked. "No, thank you, ma'am," Penny said.  "You don't have to call me ma'am. I'm a kid, too. People up here aren't really like that, okay? Night," Davina was just getting in bed when there was a knock. She went to the door and it was Connor.  "What? It's late. You should be in bed. It's almost 11 pm," Davina whispered.  "Can't I say goodnight to my baby sister?" Connor asked.  "It's your ass, I guess," Davina said getting into bed.  "Hey Penny, I just wanted to let you know that Erik and I are downstairs if you need anything. You have enough blankets?" Connor asked hovering over the bed.  "Connor? Do you know my mama?" Penny asked in a low voice.  "Hon, your mama is our mama, you get that?" Connor explained.  "How come she got rid of me? They told me ain't nobody wanted us in the compound," Penny reported.  "That ain't true, girl. Mama got a lot of issues. She come up hard and had some bad troubles, but she loves her kids. We didn't even knowed she had you. Erik and I are your family now, you reckon?" Connor said. Penny nodded and Connor tucked in her blankets.  "Now, sweet dreams," Connor said, "That means shut your eyes."  Penny finally smiled a little and shut her eyes.  He quietly left the room. Klaus was in the hallway.  "Connor, it's late. What are you doing?" Klaus asked in hushed tones.  "Nothing. Just checking on Penny. Thanks for bringing her back here. Erik and I are just really fucking grateful," Connor expressed.  Klaus nodded, "Of course. Now it's time for bed. I might send you off with a few smacks though for your constant cursing." Klaus went to touch his arm.  "No, please, not tonight. Sorry, I took the car and all that, but can't this wait," Connor said backing up. "Connor, I had been thinking about postponing our talk. But since you are an hour late to bed and acting like you are going to flee, maybe you do need a little reminder of the rules," Klaus suggested.  "No, please, they will hear," Connor squeaked.  Klaus had an idea.  "Come with me, all of the room are sound proofed," Klaus said dragging him to the game room. Klaus pushed Connor in the room and locked the door. He turned on a dim light. "Your first day of Mystic Falls High School is tomorrow. The rule is for you all to be in bed before 10 pm.," Klaus said.  "Is it really a big deal? It's like an hour. I don't sleep that much," Connor protested.  "So what is a big deal? You disobeying me? Stealing a Porsche and putting your brother's life in danger at the quarry?" Klaus asked pointedly.  Klaus sat on a low couch and Connor stood few feet away.  "This is an awesome room...Okay, fine. That was stupid of me," Connor admitted.  "I already warned you of the consequences for misbehaving. For being up and out of bed past your bedtime, you're getting a spanking-" Klaus stressed.  "Are you fucking serious? A spanking? I'm not four," Connor argued. He didn't mind getting whupped, but smacked like a baby, at his age?  "For the cursing, putting your life in danger, and now the arguing, you're getting the paddle. Now go over there and get me one and bring it to me," Klaus urged. Klaus heard Connor's heart race.  "If I have to start counting, that is extra minutes you are getting spanked, not extra swats, do you understand?" Klaus said firmly.  Connor hurried and grabbed a ping pong paddle off a nearby table.  "It's little," Connor commented.  "It will sting plenty on your bare backside. You need not worry," Klaus warned.  Connor's eyes widened, "I'm sorry. I'm too old for this! This is for babies." "You saw me spank your brother. I'm going to paddle you and then put you to bed. You'll be fine in the morning," Klaus promised.  Klaus tugged his sweat pants down in the back to reveal his boxer briefs. "Down. Come on, Connor, it's late," Klaus said.  Connor let out a whine of regret at Klaus tugged down his boxers to reveal his white, unblemished rear end. Klaus then put the boy over both knees. "This is for babies," Connor whined again.  Klaus did want to get the boy in bed and decided to make this quick and intense. He started out spanking him hard and fast. Connor's hands were on the floor and his feet tapped against the floor as Klaus smacked his upturned bottom. It was impossible for Connor to remained still and not yell out. Klaus spanked randomly until Connor's bottom was pink.  "Time for the paddle. It's almost done. I just can't have you misbehaving and running around being a hero. When you are told to do something, you will do it. Understand?" Klaus asked administering the first swat. Connor jerked a little and Klaus laid his left hand on his back a little firmer. Pop!"Answer me, young man!" Klaus demanded.  "Yes, sir. Sorry, sir," Connor said tightly. Klaus popped his behind with the paddle all over until the surface was a dark pink. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop!  He gave him one hard smack each on the sit spot. Pop! Pop! "All done," Klaus said giving him one last crack on the center of his backside catching both cheeks.  Crack! Connor was teary, but not crying. Klaus was afraid that more smacks or harder ones would leave him bruised and sore tomorrow. Klaus set the paddle down and carefully lifted Connor's pants into place. He let him up and Connor swiped a rogue tear.  "See? Not that bad," Klaus said as the boy buttoned his pants.  Klaus stood and went to offer him a hug. Connor backed away.  "Can I just go to bed now?" Connor asked not looking at Klaus.  "Hey, Connor...," Klaus started, but stopped when he start the angry look on his face. Klaus never remembered a time when he had smacked someone and they refused to cry.  "I'm tired," Connor said stiffly.  "Yes, Connor. Go to bed. Let's talk tomorrow," Klaus said reaching out to pat his arm, but the boy moved away quickly.    Great, now three people in the house hate me, Connor for spanking him like a little kid, Camille for standing her up, Freya? He wasn't quite sure what she was mad about.  
  
    Chapter Text
    Monday MorningMystic Falls, Virginia, 2010Kol's Guesthouse"He snapped that bracelet of obedience on me like it was nothing," Freya ranted. "Kol, I hope I never see him like that again. He was determined to see the curse broken, no matter who had to die or get hurt." "I'm sorry, Freya. I had Mary Alice and Astrid make that in 1912. It was the first dark object they ever made. I should have hid it better. I guess I didn't realize that Connor would steal my damn Porsche!  Nik got what he wanted now, his curse is broken. He can create an army of freaks where the only cure to their bite is his blood," Kol spat bitterly.  "Does he really need an army? I mean how many enemies does he, do we, have?" Freya asked.  "Ya don't want to know. Too many to count. It seems we spent centuries just doing stupid, hateful things and compelling people to do our biding. Some of them became vampires. Now they want revenge. They think they are old and powerful and can take us on," Kol admitted.  "Niklaus hasn't even tried to apologize. He subdued me against my will, lied to me, made me a part of the slaughter of innocents and never said he was sorry," Freya pointed out.  "Sister, I know he is hurting over this. I know him. He can't stand it when one of us is angry at him. There are times, I think he just does not know the words to say he is sorry," Kol said coming over and stroking her hair.  "He's hurt you, too," Freya said as a statement.  "And I've hurt him. When he's daggered me in the past, at the time, I truly think he thought he was doing me a favor. Like keeping me safe from myself. Maybe he was at times, but I've lost hundreds of year. Did he forget about me? Or just not want to deal with me?  Nik thinks in a different way from the rest of us. If you yell at him, he'll fight back. But if you don't, he will will stew and become more paranoid. He is suffering right now," Kol reasoned.  "I'm angry with him and I feel used and degraded, but I hate that he is suffering. I wish...," Freya couldn't articulate how she felt.  "That Elijah would just take him to task?" Kol grinned.  "How did you know?" Freya laughed.  "Because Nik, I don't recall, bit me or gave me a thrashing I didn't deserve, not sure which, and I asked Elijah why he never gave him a single hiding since we turned. You know he'd take it from Elijah. He cried Freya. He said he couldn't, not after all Nik went through with Mikael. The times Mikael almost killed him, beat him without mercy for nothing, was just cruel to him. I never brought it up again," Kol said sadly.  "All this pain. Yet I feel this for the innocents who died. That poor man, the new werewolf, the new vampire...The witches who maybe could have been saved. Kol, are our lives worth more than theirs? Say this breaking of the curses protects us, but at what cost?" Freya shuddered.  "Sister, that is a noble thought. But I've lived ten lifetimes, maybe seven since I was in the bloody coffin for some of it, but if I got more time with Davina...I would fight for it. I'd kill innocents if I had to," Kol admitted.  "He has so much power now. Can he handle it?" Freya wondered.  "I don't know. But remember this, we've been 'abominations' so long that we don't remember what it was like to be human. Sometimes caring for non-family and friends escapes us. If you can show Nik his humanity again, maybe he will learn his lesson," Kol said.  "I think I have an idea," Freya shared.  Mikaelson MansionElijah was nervous. Finn and Henrik were off to their new school. Vanessa and he got them into their school uniforms, packed them lunches, and gave them empty backpacks. It was bittersweet. They took pictures, even though it was November for the 'first day of school.'" The boys seemed fine to go and even excited.  Connor and Erik were also having their first day. Matt ended up driving the SUV instead of them taking two cars today. Tyler was mad he couldn't take the truck, but it really made no sense to take multiple vehicles. He argued that he might want to go somewhere after school, but everyone was told to come home. It had been a long week and Klaus wanted to talk to them all at some point. He really had never had a chance to find out what happened when Matt and Jeremy were kidnapped.   Connor had seemed fine. He had attended Mystic Fall once before and already knew some people. Erik was a little nervous and didn't want to leave Sadie, but Penny was there to play with the dog. Elijah said he would get her registered. They had no records for her. He planned to make doctor and dental appointment for the new kids.  Klaus tried to call Camille and explain. She didn't pick up and he left a voicemail. It got cut-off. He tried again, but didn't leave a message. He popped his head in Freya's room, but it was empty. Marcel caught him in the kitchen. "Hey, Papa, can I talk to you? I probably should have just stayed in New Orleans. My guys seem spooked by those Gemini witches. They did a number on them when they trapped them in the compound," Marcel shared.  "Go, Marcellus. Take Rebekah. We'll look after Davina. Oh, also, please take care of that Crescent Moon curse. The werewolf Mary Dumas is quite frightening. We made a deal with her and she does not seem to play around. That woman really detests me. I supposed I shouldn't have threatened to cut out her entrails. I'm sorry, Son. I'm out of sorts lately," Klaus faltered.  "Papa, what's wrong? Tell me," Marcel asked gently. Klaus should have been happier than he's ever been. His curse was broken. He could make as many hybrids as he wanted.  "Freya isn't speaking to me. I tricked her at the ceremony and put the bracelet of obedience on her," Klaus confessed.  "Why?" Marcel inquired.  "I didn't want her to feel forced to fight her inclination to defend nature. I thought I was doing her a favor. I was wrong. I guess I didn't trust her," Klaus admitted shamefully. "What did you used to make Kol and me do when we fought at the compound? Hmm, remember that?" Marcel grinned.  "After I put you both over my knee? I suppose I made you...apologize and talk it out," Klaus smiled.  "She'll listen to you. Just talk to her. You don't always have to be right. She's your sister, always and forever," Marcel said.  Klaus got up and hugged him, "As you are my son, always and forever."  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah needed to go to the store and get provisions for dinner. Rebekah and Marcel were planning to fly out tonight, but they wanted to talk to Davina before they left. Rebekah and Vanessa took Penny clothes shopping and out to lunch to show her around Mystic Falls.  Klaus took Sadie and walked over to the guest house. He milled about outside and then called inside, "Can Sadie get some water?" "Sure," Kol said.  "Where's Freya?" Klaus asked.  Kol pointed toward the family room.  "How about I take Sadie for the rest of her walk and you go in and take your licking like a big boy?" Kol smirked.  "That bad?" Klaus grimaced.  "Worse," Kol said after the dog has a little to drink.  Klaus walked in and Freya was reading, not an ancient witchcraft tome, but a modern romance novel.  "That looks interesting," Klaus started.  "Everyone has their guilty pleasures, Brother. Luckily, mine don't include murdering innocent people," Freya said lightly.  "Freya, may I sit?" Klaus asked.  "Be my guest. This is after all, all yours," Freya said indicating the estate.  "No, I made this for my family. For all of you. It was never just for me," Klaus explained. "I know you would do anything for this family and have done so, but would you trust them to do the same for you?" Freya asked.  Klaus paused, "I would like to think so." "Do you understand why I am angry with you, little brother?" Freya asked setting her book aside.  "Not really," Klaus admitted.  "You didn't trust me and took away my choice. You used me. You killed innocent people. Klaus, why couldn't you have told me what you were thinking?" Freya implored.  "Freya, I don't know. I am sorry," Klaus said.  "Are you? I really don't think you are. Would you do the same thing again? If yes, then you are not sorry. You don't like my reaction, but you aren't sorry," Freya insisted.  "Tell me how to make this right," Klaus said.  "You need to trust me that I did the right thing for you. You might not like it," Freya said plainly.  "What did you do, luv?" Klaus asked.  "I told Camille the truth. I looked her up and called her at work today. Father Kieran's niece," Freya admitted.  "You what?" he said standing suddenly.  "And she's coming to dinner tonight," Freya added. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Monday After School"So how was it?" Vanessa asked Henrik as he ran up to her from the bus. Elijah waved to the drive.  "Great! I met everybody and got to do a science project and..."  Elijah waited for Finn, "Finn, how was your day?"  "I hate it," Finn said.  "Why? How were the other kids?" Elijah asked.  "No, everyone was nice, but the work seems too hard. I have a bunch of homework. It's going to be really hard to catch up," Finn admitted.  Vanessa chimed in, "Fourth grade is a tough year. Let's get you guys a snack and change. Then, homework. We'll help you, kiddo."  Elijah paused and smiled. He realized that he couldn't have done this all without Vanessa. He hoped in the future that he wouldn't have to.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^After school Connor went right up to his room. It was a long day. Jeremy was in his grade, though he was younger, introduced him around. He, too, was overwhelmed by starting in the middle of the semester. He had not attended school regularly and found it pretty useless. He slumped on his bunk.  "Hey, how was it? You look tired," Klaus said smiling.  "Long day. I'm not really great at school. I guess Erik was right that I didn't go that much before. How was Penny?" Connor asked.  "She went shopping and had lunch in town. Elijah got her enrolled in school. She played with Sadie and seemed fine. About last night," Klaus started.  Connor shook his head, "We don't have to talk about it. I won't disobey  again."  Klaus disclosed, "I should have let it go. I didn't mean to embarrass you. I know that it probably would be more appropriate to punish you differently. I just can't bear to be harsher." "No, I was being a baby. You told us real clear that we was to behave. I didn't and that's that," Connor said.  "Come on, let's take a look at all your school work downstairs. Vanessa used to work at the school, she can help. Tyler's good at math. I don't want you to get overwhelmed," Klaus said.  "Let me guess, I skip school and don't do no school work and I'm getting in trouble again?" Connor joked.  "You can bet on it. We'll have you as a Rhodes scholar by the end of the term," Klaus said as Connor got out of bed.  "What's that?" Connor asked. Klaus laughed and draped his arm around him. This time Connor didn't pull away, it would take time.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Monday Evening DinnerRebekah and Marcel ended up leaving for their flight before dinner. Kol didn't come to the main house, but Freya did.  Cami rang the doorbell exactly at 7 pm.  Klaus opened it and was enchanted, "Camille, I'm so glad you could make it. How's Kieran? Any word?" Cami smiled, "He's better. A bit shaken, but I know that he has faith that things will get better. What a lovely and rather large, home." "Well, you have to meet the family. It's a big one," Klaus said.  "Camille, this is Freya, I believe you met her on the phone. Brother Elijah, Finn, Henrik, and Vanessa. Then, you know Jeremy, Tyler, and Matt. And these new additions are Connor, Erik, and Penny from Louisiana. And this is Davina, from New Orleans. Our brother Kol is out and my son Marcel and my sister are going to see your uncle in the Quarter tonight," Klaus finished.  "My, this is a big family!" Cami smiled.  Elijah and Vanessa had made two different kinds of chili, cornbread, salad, and some other sides.  As the night wore on, Klaus said to Freya, "Thank you. I am...sorry, you know."  "I believe you. Just think if you lost her. How would you feel? Every person, supernatural creature has people who love them. Life has value. All I want is for you to try to think of this the next time you go on a massacre, okay?" Freya asked.  "I think I get it. I don't want to lose her," Klaus admitted.  "Go, take her on the patio with some wine. I'll check their homework and get them ready for bed. Have fun," Freya said. Klaus got up and kissed Freya on the cheek with thanks.  "Camille, would you join me on the patio?" Klaus asked.  "Boys, finish up. We're going to help clean and then finish homework," Freya said.  "I'm so sorry about missing our date," Klaus said opening the sliding glass door and balancing his wine glass and the bottle under his arm.  "Oh Klaus, your sister told me why. At first, I was angry at my uncle for lying to me. I understand he was trying to protect me, but now everything makes sense," Cami explained.  "I probably would have lied and hid it from you also. Freya let me know that I needed to trust you enough to make a decision. If this life is too much, I understand," Klaus said quietly.  "If God can exist like my uncle believes, why can't vampires? I would see things on my visits to New Orleans and I'd always explain them away to myself, but no more. It's not too much, Klaus. Being in the dark is too much. How old are you actually?" Cami suddenly thought to ask. "I was probably born in 982 A.D. right near where the town square is now.  I have seen and done many things Camille, but one thing I know is that you are very special. I would like to get to know you better if will allow it," Klaus admitted.  Klaus turned and kissed Cami softly on the lips. They heard a sound behind them. Someone was letting out Sadie. Klaus and Cami just laughed.  "So all these kids, huh?" Cami said.  "Yeah, it's not been easy. Thanks again for your professional input after we caught Jeremy with pot again, I guess I panicked," Klaus smiled.  "No, you care. I mean that is half the battle, right?" Cami said.  "For me, I guess it's knowing when to let something go. I find myself threatening to punish them, they do it the things I forbade them from, then I don't always follow through. So then I get this idea of zero tolerance, which I also don't follow through on because I don't want to constantly keep punishing them, ugh," Klaus admitted looking up at the stars.  "My parents used to do three strikes. Like strike one was just a warning, strike two was a danger zone- implement put out on counter, strike three we were toast. My twin Sean was smart and hardly ever got to strike three. Me, on the other hand, chronically sore butt," Cami laughed.  "Camille, I cannot imagine you misbehaving. You seem like an angel to me," Klaus observed.  "Well, that's flattering, but I did get straightened out...by college," Cami mused.  "So your parents were a bit old-fashioned, too?" Klaus pressed.  "You could say that. Don't think just because I'm a shrink that I am wishy washy. Some kids need tougher love than others," Cami insisted.  "Well, I've fretted over this. Maybe I'll institute your parents' method, you seem to have turned out pretty well. So strike three and a consequence?" Klaus asked.  "Um, strike three and a good old-fashioned spanking. No little swats or pats, but yeah... I'm not saying whale on your kids, but Klaus, we didn't want the parents getting to 3. Like if we did, we were being stupid. Try this method. If it works, let me know. Maybe we can co-author a parenting book?" Cami joked.  "Sure, if you marry me," Klaus said going in for another kiss.  "Can we have a second date at least, please?" Cami laughed as he pulled her in closer. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010Mikaelson MansionTuesday Afternoon"So what are we supposed to do tomorrow with no kids here?" Vanessa asked Elijah. They were walking on the other side of the property in the woods. Penny had run ahead with Sadie.  "Oh, I can think of a few things," Elijah said slyly.  "Stop!" Vanessa laughed hitting him with the bouquet of wild flowers she was holding. Elijah recognized the purple New England asters and white snakeroot. Like many things about the flora here, they reminded him of their childhood. He recalled Klaus grinding flowers and berries into colors for his art. "Look, this is pretty!" Penny said, walking back towards them. The dog was still sniffing around a nearby tree.  "Oh no, dear, leaves of three, let them be. Honey, that's poison ivy. Don't touch your eyes," Elijah cautioned.  The poisonous vine had grown all over a tree and the leaves had turned a red-orange in the fall.  Penny looked frightened.  "It's okay. We'll get you to Freya," Vanessa promised.  "Is she a doctor?" Penny asked. "No, a witch, but she has a salve and poultices for everything," Elijah replied.  "And teas. Some taste awful, but they are better than getting shots," Vanessa laughed. Penny made a face. She hadn't cared for the series of immunizations she had to received at the doctor. Penny needed them for school. Apparently, she had never been to a doctor before. When they questioned her about her past, she grew very quiet and reserved.  Freya had moved back into the main house. She had Penny wash her hands and arms, then change her clothes.  She put a liniment on the area to prevent any rash or itching.  "So how you holding up?" Freya asked. She, herself, was traumatized by the aftermath of the ceremony.  She thought that Marcel had compelled Penny to forget it, but Freya wondered about the previous years of her life.  Freya, for once, was saddened that as a witch, she could not be compelled. "Good. Davina is nice. Erik and Connor said they are my kin," Penny said causally. Her bright blue eyes were troubled.  "Yes, dear. They are your brothers. Davina is a witch like me. And like some of us here, she's also been through a whole lot. You can always talk to us when you feel sad or have questions. Got it?" Freya asked, lightly holding both her hands.  Penny nodded shyly. She wasn't used to people talking so calmly and nicely. It made her a little uncomfortable, she was waiting for the other shoe to drop. For people to start screaming and fighting, that's what she was used to. Thinking about those people made her mad, so she tried to not think about it.  "Okay, kiddo. All done?" Vanessa asked. "She should be good here," Freya smiled.  "So when do you all train here?" Penny forced out.  "Train? For what, hon?" Vanessa asked.  "The wars to come," Penny answered. "Um, Penny, I'm not sure we know what you are talking about. Do you want to tell us about the place you lived before?" Freya prompted.  "I'm not allowed to," Penny revealed.  "Honey, all of those bad people who took you are gone now. You don't have to worry about them," Vanessa added.  "You are safe here. When you are ready to talk, we're here to listen," Freya offered.  "Okay, can I go to my room now?" Penny asked.  "You didn't even have lunch yet," Vanessa reminded her. "I'm not hungry," Penny contended.  "Well, how about you sit while we eat and then you can go up. Okay?" Vanessa suggested.  Penny shrugged, but followed Vanessa to the kitchen. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah's StudyFirst FloorTuesday Afternoon"Have you heard from Marcellus?" Elijah asked Klaus.  "It's a mess. Marcel found a witch to lift the Crescent Wolves' curse, but she does need to wait for the full moon. The vampires are skittish and some are still in hiding. There are rumors that not all the Gemini witches involved with the Guerrera's are dead.  As to the Guerrera's..." Klaus slumped down in his chair. "This is the tip of the iceberg, right? These camps they were running for the kids like Penny are out there somewhere. Do we know how many they had? Were they breeding these super wolf children to be soldiers? Where are the rest of them? Will the remaining New Orleans packs intervene? Take in these children?" Elijah asked.  "There are more questions than answers. That's what Marcel and Rebekah are trying to negotiate that now. Our sister does not much have the patience for diplomacy, but you know many wolves have little patience for words. They want to see action," Klaus sat up.  "So at least a month then?" Elijah said.  "Yes, Rebekah might come back earlier, but Marcel is needed there. Maybe we should have Davina and Penelope move to Rebekah's old room. I'm not sure I like those girls being up on that 3rd floor alone. Matt can take Kol's old room? Or share with Jeremy," Klaus stated.  "Sounds good. I am concerned about Davina sneaking out to see Kol. She's already done it once, according to Rebekah. Did you ever address Jeremy and Matt sneaking out of school on Friday before they got kidnapped?" Elijah asked.  "No, not yet. There just hasn't been time. I did have a talk with Camille last night after dinner about everything. I must admit she's lovely to talk to. I told Camille how I was struggling to be stricter and failing. The zero tolerance is just...not working well," Klaus admitted. "I know. I know that if we enforced it, the children might behave much better, but they are just children. It's hard to be so firm with them, especially with all the life and death drama around here. But at the same time, we can't have them running amuck," Elijah stressed.  "Well, Camille said her parents did a three strikes and you are out type of policy. Two warnings and then consequences. Could we live with that? I mean unless they do something egregious, like fight, murder, get suspended, things like that," Klaus specified.  "Murder, ha! Don't go there, Brother. So how did it go with Camille? I heard there might have been some kissing out there. You were not without witnesses..." Elijah smirked.  Klaus smiled, "You're trying to change the subject, we were talking about the many younger persons we have around here. They outnumber us and they keep multiplying. And if we don't work out a plan, they will also outmaneuver us and we shall we living in the likes of a madhouse, like Bedlam." "Fine, so three strikes, unless it is a more serious offense, and then punishment. That could work. Really, Brother, we've been very lucky with them, every one of them. I do feel for our new friends though. The little girl in particular, such a beauty,..., the Guerrera's, may they rot in hell," Elijah retorted.  "I just hope that Marcel can hunt down any we might have missed. The fact that they hid in plain sight for a century is disturbing. Revenge carried out through generations...Evil, brilliant, but evil," Klaus mused.  "We need to find out more from Penelope. I know Marcel already compelled her to forget about the ceremony. I fear that more would be damaging to her. We will just have to let her talk at her own pace. Perhaps being with her brothers will help," Elijah concluded.  "They've done well here. But Matt and Connor are still avoiding each other. I caught Connor up on the third floor the other night at 11pm. I was going to let it go, but he started arguing with me about it. I walloped him in the game room and he was tough. Didn't cry, barely spoke to me after, it was rough. I'm not sure he ever got to be a kid, he's had to be so strong. I know it's going to take time. He kept saying I was treating him like a baby," Klaus smiled bitterly. "His pride, I'm sure, was a little damaged. And that's hard to deal with. A new family, a new sister, being a wolf, learning to trust. He's not that different from someone else I know," Elijah said getting up and looking at Klaus. Elijah went on, "I'm glad you made up with our eldest sister." "Me, too. I see what you are saying, Brother. I will trust the process. Give Connor time...and myself, " Klaus promised.  "Speaking of the devils, I think they are home," Elijah joked heading out to meet the children.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Finn had a better day," Vanessa reported to Elijah. Finn threw his backpack to the floor and was playing with Sadie.  "I'm so glad, Finn," Elijah said kissing him. "And you, Henrik?" "Great! There is a field trip next week. I made a friend. His mom is going to call to see if I can come over his house this weekend, but they need your number. Can I go watch tv?" Henrik beseeched. "I'll write the phone number down for you and put it in your backpack. Yes, go watch tv. Yes, you can eat it in there," Elijah laughed. He had abandoned his 'no eating in the great room' policy as no one, even the adults obeyed it. Now, shoes on the furniture was where he drew the line. "Wow, a play date?" Vanessa said impressed.  "So, do you want me to say it, you were right about them going to school and I was wrong? I'm saying it, my dear, I think you are always right," Elijah said taking a moment to kiss her while no one was around.  "Ah, Elijah, grab a dish towel. They just spilled juice all over the couch," Vanessa said as she was keeping an eye on the boys in the great room from the kitchen.  "I don't care. It's Klaus' couch. It's already stained," Elijah laughed.  "Who is this man? I think I like him," Vanessa laughed as he picked her up and sat her on the island.  He vamped her down before the older kids came through the door.  Tuesday evening was hectic with rooms being moved. Davina didn't mind her room being moved too much because of the shoe closet, the marble bathroom, and the balcony in Rebekah's old room. Matt's stuff was still in boxes so it didn't take him long to move it out. She wasn't thrilled about sharing a bed with Penny but it was a giant bed and there would be several feet in between them. Elijah offered to move some stuff around to fit in the twin bed in for Penny tomorrow.  Tyler, Connor, and Erik's Room 2nd FloorEarly Tuesday EveningMatt and Jeremy wanted their old room back, but now Connor and Erik were firmly entrenched in their room. They didn't have a tv in their new room, but were planning to get one and hook up a game system or two by the end of the week. Matt realized that half of his stuff was still in his old drawers, he went in to grab some socks and t-shirts.  "Hey man, I'm just getting some of my clothes. Sorry, I thought I had moved all this crap out," Matt explained to Connor.  "No problem. Me and my brother don't have a whole lot of shit anyways. Hey, I hope y'all are cool with us being here," Connor said nervously rubbing his hand over his shaved head.  "Listen, we are. There is plenty of room here for everyone.  I know now that you guys had it rough. Sorry if I was a dick about it, we usually leave that kind of thing to Tyler," Matt laughed.  Connor put out his hand to shake and Matt accepted.  "Forget it. I am sorry about your sister. I never knew I had a sister until this week, but I already can't imagine...Anyway, I'm glad you don't want to throw our asses back to Louisiana again.  There ain't nothin' there for us there anymore," Connor admitted.  "Nah, I get it. I basically was on my own before I came to live here. I was trying to pay bills and work all the time. My mom took off with some dude. Haven't seen her since. I feel like I'm living in a dream sometimes being here, other times it's harder," Matt flushed.  "You mean all the rules and shit?" Connor pressed.  "Yeah, I kind of went from doing my own thing and no one caring to being held accountable.  I never even got in trouble or hit and then I come here and...it's a big adjustment," Matt drifted off.  "Yeah, I got a taste of that myself. I can take a beatin', I just never thought I'd be getting smacked like a little kid again.  Hell, there's times I belted my little brother to keep him from doing stupid, dangerous shit and now I'm getting it again? But then I look around and we're eating like kings, in nice clothes and sleeping in a soft bed. I guess I am a jerk to complain," Connor admitted.  "I felt the same way.  I guess the worst part is that now I am starting to think before I do something stupid or I feel guilty if I don't get caught. Maybe I'm just not as dumb as before?" Matt wondered.  "No man, you're pretty fucking dumb, we still love you, Matty!" Tyler said tacking Matt and knocking all his clothes to the floor.  "Lockwood, you are such an asshole. Help me pick this shit up!" Matt yelled.  "Boys, I was in the younger boys' room and your language is unacceptable!" Elijah burst. Tyler paled and Matt gulped.  "Sorry, Uncle Elijah, we didn't know anyone was in there," Matt admitted.  "The boys are in there also," Elijah continued.  Tyler offered another, "Sorry." Elijah breathed in and calmly said, "I think we're having a family meeting after dinner. Let's talk about it then." "Behave until then," Elijah suggested. "Yes, sir," Connor replied. As he shut the door and walked away. Tyler mimicked "yes, sir" silently and threw a pillow at Connor.  Connor shook his head and laughed, "You really know how to push it, man."  Erik came in, "What are y'all doin'?"  Tyler opened his mouth and started to say something crude. Then, he realized Elijah might still be able to hear and stopped.  "Ah, cleaning," Tyler answered "Don't look like it," Erik said confused.  Matt gathered up his clothes from the floor. He figured he should get out of there before Tyler got them all in trouble. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Davina/Penny's Quarters 2nd FloorEarly Tuesday EveningDavina and Penny were about settled in their new quarters when Freya came in to check Penny's hand.  "Any rash, hon? Itching?" Freya asked inspecting her arms.  "No, ma'am. Thank you, it's fine," Penny answered.  "It looks a little red here, let me put a little more of this on...,"Freya said applying more of her special liniment.  "What's in that?" Davina asked.  "Arnica, burdock root, chamomile, and a calendula flower," Freya said.  "I need to get back to magic. With school and everything, I've been slacking," Davina admitted.  "Well, school comes first right now.  How are you doing with everything? Kol and all? " Freya asked pointedly.  "I miss him. And with Rebekah and Marcel leaving, my adoption is postponed again. But Penny coming has helped take my mind off everything. Connor has been really nice. The girls at school want me to do more, but I feel like I don't know what to say half the time. I have nothing to contribute," Davina admitted.  "I used to feel like that from my 99 year slumber. I would spend the first six months catching up and then by the time I did, it was almost back to sleep. But I think making an effort might help. Why don't you invite the girls over for a slumber party one night? You could ask Bonnie, Elena, Caroline, anyone else? There's pretty of room and you can rent some movies. We'll order pizza and you can make popcorn. You can have the game room or great room? Penny can hang with me," Freya suggested.  "Oh, I don't know. Wouldn't they rather hang out with the boys than me?" Davina asked.  "Maybe we could get the guys to take them out for the night. Like camping or something? Never mind those hunters are still out there. I got it, bowling! They could all go bowling. I think boys like that," Freya exclaimed, excited by her idea. "Um, could we get wine coolers?" Davina pressed.  "Only if Elijah doesn't find out," Freya conceded.  "Sure! What could go wrong?" Davina agreed.  Matt/Jeremy's Room"Jeez, what's all that from?" Jeremy asked. "Oh, I left all this stuff in the drawers in our old room," Matt said. Matt realized that half of these t-shirts were stained or torn. Elijah would probably throw them out, like he did all the other old clothes.  "This room is pretty nice, I guess. I think once we get it set up it will be cool. So Ty has the 360 and that Wii and we will have my old PS3. It might work. I don't know. If we get a bigger tv in here and another couch, this might be a better set up. Plus, I was thinking I could set up my desktop over there," Jeremy said indicating the empty desk area.  Matt frowned, "It's just kind of sad that Uncle Kol had to move out because of Davina. Like he's never around anymore. And what if he wants his room back and we make this room really cool and then have to move again? Finn's old room sucked compared to this," Matt griped.  "I think once things chill with Davina, he'll come around more. I just think it's too awkward right now. But you definitely don't want to move back into Rebekah's old room right?" Jeremy inquired.  "Nah, it's like too girly. I just felt uncomfortable in there. Lonely. I will miss that amazing shower and sauna, but it's so quiet and sealed up. Ugh, I hated it," Matt confessed.  "Well, at least we have each other. Not to sound weird or anything. How's your school stuff going this week? Did I see you with Alaric today? He pulled me in today, too," Jeremy rolled his eyes.  Matt grunted, "Yeah, he was just checking up on me. Did you yell at you about Friday?"  Jeremy flushed, "Yes! I was like wasn't being kidnapped punishment enough. He was like no. I might have pissed him off by that comment. He had to smooth everything over for us with the administration Friday. I think he had to say there were family problems or something. Jesus, I wonder if he called Dad and reminded him to bust our asses?" "Damn, remember I was just out there looking for you! I did text you and you didn't answer so I went out to look for you. Then, we get kidnapped by those asshole wolves. Oh, so big mouth Ty is in the old room showing off for Connor, cursing up a storm and Uncle Elijah busts in. I'm thinking we're in for it-," Matt started. "And?" Jeremy prompted.  "No, we just a warning and told about a 'family meeting' and that it would get discussed that. What do you think that means? I ended up with a red ass the last meeting, so not looking forward to this," Matt griped.  "No idea. Unless that new shrink is putting ideas into Dad's head. Oh god, if we have to talk in a circle about our feelings, I am going to puke. My sister also cornered me today about Friday. She treats me like I am incapable of surviving a week without-" Jeremy said as they were called to dinner.  "Dinner!!!!"  "Show time" Matt said getting up. He wasn't going to delay. Tonight they were having pulled pork and someone said something about a chocolate bacon cake from a bakery. Matt had never had that and he wasn't going to miss it listening to Jeremy bitch about how Elena babied him. Not tonight. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "'Now it’s all done, Becky. And always after this, you know, you ain’t ever to love anybody but me, and you ain’t ever to marry anybody but me, ever never and forever. Will you?'"No, I’ll never love anybody but you, Tom, and I’ll never marry anybody but you—and you ain’t to ever marry anybody but me, either.'”  -Tom Sawyer, Mark Twain-----------------Elijah and Klaus agreed to take the boys out one night if Davina wanted to invite her friends over. Freya and Vanessa said that they would put Penny, Henrik, and Finn to bed while they had their discussion with the older kids after dinner. Elijah and Klaus debated having Davina stay, but since Marcel and Rebekah were going to be out a few more weeks, they would let her it up to her. Though, in truth, Klaus would not be comfortable discipling the girl and would most likely push that off to Freya, or even Elijah. Though Rebekah and Marcel had both warned Davina to listen to him in front of the girl, she clearly did what she wanted half the time, even when they were there.  Elijah and Klaus gathered the boys in the great room after dinner. Davina had opted to go upstairs. Jeremy smirked and elbowed Matt, "See a circle of feelings?"  Matt whispered, "Better then a circle jerk!" Tyler whispered, "You are the loudest whisperer ever. You might as well just get a bullhorn like Coach Tanner used to have." "Yeah, before he got murdered," Jeremy mentioned.  "Didn't I kick your ass that night, Gilbert?" Tyler smirked. Jeremy tried to shove him playfully.  "Gentleman, let's get started. Connor, Erik, we don't usually have formal meetings like this, but we thought it might be a good idea to clear some things up," Elijah began.  Klaus continued, "I'm not sure if you heard but Marcellus and Rebekah may be in New Orleans a few more weeks. Davina will stay here with us for her safety. They are trying to deal with the werewolf situation down there and take care of a few other thing. I know that these past days have been full of activity, but I hope that now things can settle down. Tyler! Stop kicking him please. And we can get on with our routine."  Tyler flushed and moved away from Jeremy, trying to look innocent. Jeremy rolled his eyes and looked at Matt. Erik and Connor were sitting stiffly on the couch. Erik kept pushing back his blond shoulder length hair and Conner was running his hand over his shaved head. "So Dad, Uncle Elijah, are we in trouble?" Tyler asked sitting down on the floor near the fire. Elijah had lit it and was poking it now.  Elijah turned, "We just wanted to clarify some things we had said from before." "Boys, I know I had said to you that there would be no more warnings and I was going to be harder on you with certain things after the issues we had, no need to bring them up again. However, I think perhaps I overcorrected and was a little rabid. I am going to be very clear here so I want you all to listen," Klaus said pausing. "Tyler, your father is speaking, look up please," Elijah chided gently. "Sorry," Tyler said and stopped picking at a thread in his sock. He looked up. Sadie, padded in the room, sniffed his floor and then laid down in front of the fire. "One, strict bedtime will still be 10pm. Out of bed, you know what will happen. Enough said. Two, any major offenses such as fighting, defiance, lying will be dealt with immediately. Three, for everything else, we're going to give you three chances to correct yourself before you get consequences," Klaus said firmly.  "You mean you are going to count to 3, my mom used to do that and then nothing happened when she got to three," Jeremy snickered. Elijah acknowledged, "It's a little harder to manage children that you may imagine. And laugh now, mister, but in a few decades, you guys will probably all have kids of your own. And now I said decades and not years, there is no rush for that. Now what we mean is, you curse, that's strike one, you curse again, strike two, but the third time you will be punished." "So does this start again every day?" Matt asked.  "For now, I think that's a good idea. We have never asked you to be perfect or not make mistakes, but gentleman, that language I heard today...," Elijah stated.  "Dare I ask?" Klaus prompted.  "You don't want to know. The younger children are watching you all and listening. You know all the rooms here are sound proofed, so I don't want you to feel like we are listening through the walls, that's not the case. Tyler, you especially, have a voice that carries. Finn and Henrik heard a lot. I let it go today, but this is your last warning," Elijah concluded.  Tyler nodded and felt his father's frown fall on him.  "Boys, we are very proud of all of you. Connor, Erik, you have had a lot to adjust to just these last weeks. I know this is a lot to get used to. The rules and manners and customs of each place and time are different, yet somethings remain the same. We are here to guide you, and to protect you, sometimes from yourselves. Always, forever. Family above all," Klaus finished.  "Always and forever. I think communicating and being honest is the key. If you come to us and talk, we will listen to your side. I promise. Any questions?" Elijah asked.  "What if, you know, something happens, like at school and it's not really our fault?" Matt asked thinking about skipping study hall Friday.  "Matthew, yes, Alaric called me. We'll talk about that tonight," Klaus said.  "What about our cell phones and getting grounded? Is that still on the table?" Tyler asked.  "How about a compromise? You lose your phone, it's for not more than that day. Grounded, a few hours or a day. No longer. Boys, I feel like the week long and month long restrictions are not fair to the rest of the family. Like when you lost your electronics, who suffered the most?" Klaus asked.  They all responded, "Finn and Henrik."  "Yes, when they couldn't play their games and watch tv with you, they were devastated. I think not more than a day is a good policy, but that could be paired with you writing lines or writing me an essay as well," Elijah warned.  "My brother, the schoolmaster," Klaus added, now rolling his eyes and smiling.  "And your few chores? In my book, each time we have to remind you is a strike, okay? Boys, this is a big house with a lot of people living in it. The cleaning crew, coming in twice a week, cannot handle the entire house. I don't like to keep nagging everyone, including my siblings, but I can't do it all myself," Elijah shrugged.  "You shouldn't have to, Uncle Elijah," Jeremy agreed. "We'll try harder." "That's all we ask. Now, it's getting late. Connor and Erik, stay a moment. Matt and Jeremy, get ready for bed. I'll be up shortly. Tyler, come, say goodnight," Klaus said standing. Elijah left to see to the younger boys and say goodnight. Tyler stepped over the dog and let Klaus hug him goodnight.  "Did you study for that history exam? Hmm, Alaric said your grade was slipping," Klaus asked.  "I'll get to it now," Tyler promised.  "I love you. Want to take a drive to your family property tomorrow night? We could go explore the caves, if you finish your homework in a timely fashion. Just the two of us," Klaus asked.  "Yeah, we haven't done that in a while. It's okay. The guys can come," Tyler smiled.  "Study!" Klaus reminded him. Eric watched the exchange between father and son with interest. The closeness between them was strange to him, as he had never known a father. The affection that Klaus showed them also made him both envious and put off.  "Thanks for waiting. I won't keep you long. How has school been going?" Klaus asked.  "It's different, I reckon. But the guys have been real good about showing us around. Mr. Saltzman's been real helpful," Eric shared.  "Good. Alaric is a good friend. You can go to him if you have any trouble at school. But God help you if you act up and he catches you, he will not hesitate to call me or take care if it himself," Klaus warned.  "Yes, sir," Erik said respectfully.  "Connor, how are your classes?" Klaus said touching him on the arm. Erik leaned down to pet Sadie as she slept.  "Hard, to be honest. I almost punched out some asshole who was making fun of me for being stupid, but I didn't... I might be more behind than I realized. Miss Vanessa is helping me. I just down know how I'm gonna do," Connor admitted.  "Just do your best. If someone is bullying you, let me know and we will deal with it. Your enemies are my enemies. And no one harms my family and gets away with it. Have you spoken to your sister?" Klaus asked both of them.  "Yes, sir. She is real quiet. She asked if I knew her mama the other day. I told her that she was my mama too, but it's like she don't get it," Connor admitted.  "I would suggest we have her speak with your mother, but since she doesn't know her, it may be more traumatic. There is a doctor that I could have her speak to. However, I know that time may be the best medicine. Do you boys feel like you need to spend some time just the three of you this weekend? We can arrange that, if you would like," Klaus offered.  "Yes, sir. I think that would be real good. Watcha think, Erik?" Connor asked.  "I reckon, yes," Eric said, pushing his blond hair back.  "Can he get a haircut this weekend?" Connor asked, smacking him on the back of the head.  "Fuc-, I mean, I don't want one," Erik's face turned red.  "Sorry, Connor, he's in charge of his own hair. Now you best go up to bed. And Connor, I mean it, tell a teacher or me, if some bloke is hassling you. If you get in trouble in school...," Klaus drifted off.  "Trouble at home. Got it," Connor promised. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Matt/Jeremy's RoomJeremy typically showered in the morning. Matt showered before bed. When Klaus came in, Jeremy was on his twin bed in his flannel pants and a t-shirt. He was nervous as he really didn't know what Alaric had said on the phone.  "Hi Son, all ready for bed?" Klaus said sitting beside him.  "Yep," Jeremy answered putting his sketchbook aside.  "Look, I'm just glad that you are safe after getting snatched by those monsters on Friday. However, I did get an earful about how you slipped out of study hall on Friday. Want to tell me about that?" Klaus asked. Jeremy sighed, "To be honest, the teacher usually doesn't take attendance, so I thought I could slip out unnoticed. There was a sub and I was marked absent, so I guess they were looking for me. Matt came out and yelled at me. Then, we were taken." "But why did you have to leave the school building and go outside?" Klaus pressed.  "I guess it's where I used to go to get high with Vicky. I was thinking about her. Don't worry. I was't doing drugs, but I just so mad at my sister Elena. It's like she's so wrapped up in her own drama that she doesn't even care about Jenna or me. It's all Stefan and Damon all the time. I just want to scream at her, but I can't even talk to her about it," Jeremy reported.  "The Salvatore brothers have done a good job protecting your sister. As a Petrova Doppelgänger your sister is a very rare creature. But Jeremy, it's okay for you to talk to your sister about your concerns. You can visit your family home, have her over our house, meet her at the Grill, or call her. Don't let this fester until you blow up, okay? I've done that with my siblings and I don't want you to make the same mistake," Klaus insisted.  "So Alaric is mad because he was looking for me on Friday?" Jeremy prompted.  "Alaric was mad because you broke the rules and took off on your own. For all we know those wolves could have been following you boys for weeks.  Alaric also didn't like your attitude when he reprimanded you. So I think you owe your uncle an apology tomorrow. He was worried because he cares about you," Klaus pointed out.  "I will," Jeremy frowned.  "I know you don't want to hear this but I think a spanking is in order for skipping class and leaving the school building without permission," Klaus said.  Jeremy paled and nodded, "Where do you want me?"  "Just get in bed. Pants down," Klaus said. He heard the water turn off and wanted to finish this before Matt came out of the bathroom.  Jeremy slipped his briefs and flannels below his backside and got into bed on his stomach. He rested his head on his arms. Klaus pulled down his pants lower to an inch or so below his thighs.  Smack! Klaus swatted him hard across both cheeks.  "Thank about this the next time you want to leave school and skip," Klaus warned.  Smack! Jeremy sucked in his breath as Klaus whacked his left cheek hard. Smack1 His right cheek was assaulted.  Klaus steadied his back with his left hand and smacked randomly all over Jeremy's backside for another five cracks. Red hand prints were blooming where each swat landed.  Crack! Crack! Klaus swatted each sit spot hard.  "Okay, that's it. Lesson learned?" Klaus asked.  Jeremy nodded and blinked away tears. His backside was sore as Klaus had smacked him solidly, but he knew it would fade soon. Klaus pulled up the sheet but left his pants down.  "Matt, you can come out now," Klaus called.  "Sorry, Dad, I just didn't want to ah, disturb you," Matt stumbled. "Alaric wasn't really happy with you either, but I know you were just trying to help your brother.  I'm not going to spank you, but I think you owe Alaric an apology for not going to him before you left school to look for Jeremy, okay?" Klaus said.  "I will. Thanks, Dad," Matt said relieved. Klaus hugged him. Klaus went and kissed Jeremy goodnight. "I love you, guys. Please behave tomorrow. Goodnight," Klaus said, leaving Matt to get dressed.  "You okay, man?" Matt said to Jeremy.  "Yeah, his hand felt like a paddle, though. I feel like my butt is going to be bruised," Jeremiah whined, putting his hands back to rub.  "I'm not checking. Sorry, I just can't look at your butt right now," Matt laughed. "I didn't mean that. Just shut the light out. I'm tired as hell," Jeremy mumbled. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Kol vamped down to the glass doors.  It was Davina.  "I just want to talk. Nothing else. You said we could still be friends, friends talk," Davina reasoned.  He missed her, with everything in his being he missed her.  "Fine, come in before someone sees you luv," Kol said opening the door wider.  Five minutes later, they were kissing passionately on the couch. All thoughts of conversation out the window.  "I missed you, Darling, but you can't be here," Kol said touching her long brown hair.  "Why not? We love each other. Why can't we be together?" Davina demanded.  "Because you are supposed to be in bed, young lady!" Freya shouted. Elijah was behind her.  "Davina, you realize that we have alarms, right?" Elijah mentioned.  "Brother, she just came here to talk," Kol defended.  "Kol, I see that you were doing more than talking. You should have escorted her back immediately. We are responsible for her with her parents are back in New Orleans," Elijah said.  "Davina, come on, let's get you back to bed. We'll talk about this more tomorrow," Freya said glaring at Kol.  "I have a good mind to take Klaus' wooden paddle to both of you right now, but quite frankly, I am too angry. Kol, you got to bed, too. This is not over for other one of you," Elijah threatened. Freya grabbed Davina's arm and dragged her out of the guest house as Kol looked on helplessly.  Kol's neck felt hot at being threatened in front of Davina. She didn't know that his brothers had actually spanked him many times, even a few times recently. And he knew that Davina was going to be punished eventually, if not by Elijah, then by his sister when she returned.  Kol blurted, "I am sorry. Please punish me, leave Davina alone." "Kol, you aren't Tom Sawyer, nor is she Becky Thatcher, you can't take her whipping for her. It's late. Go to bed, baby brother, we'll talk about this tomorrow," Elijah said tiredly. Kol bowed his head, this was what he had been afraid of.  Elijah came close to him. For a second, Kol thought he was going to slap him, instead Elijah grabbed the back of his back and kissed his forehead. "I love you, it will be fine. Now go to bed, before I change my mind and thrash you right now and tomorrow," Elijah warned.  "Yes, Brother. Love you, too," Kol said, going back to bed before his luck totally ran out. 
  
    Chapter Text
    “So that man, the first one, knew what we know now: our hour is short, eternity is long.”
― Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes Mikaelson Mansion Mystic Falls, Virgina, 2010Early Wednesday MorningElijah let Freya get Davina back into bed and slipped into bed again with Vanessa. "Should I even ask?" Vanessa whispered, though it was only them in their darkened quarters.  "Our young harvest witch snuck out to meet my little brother-again. Rebekah had warned us about this. Dammit. I only knew because she triggered that silent alarm I put on the back door. The service then called my cell phone. I was hoping it didn't wake you, my dear," Elijah maintained.  "It's fine. So what happened? Was she with him?" Vanessa pressed.  "She was on top of him on the couch actually. I brought Freya with me and she marched Davina back to her bed. I wasn't taking any chances with an angry Harvest witch, who is also a teenager with raging hormones. I had a good mind to make Kol cut a switch right in front of her. He knew better, he should have sent her right back to the house," Elijah fumed. "You didn't switch him, didn't you? Elijah tell me you didn't. I've never seen you this angry," Vanessa said rubbing his shoulders.  "No, we're going to let them both stew. You think I'm angry, Niklaus could blow. Sometimes things like this get under Niklaus' skin. Like Kol is plotting to do it. He doesn't have bad intentions, he just acts on instinct. Our baby brother has always had a knack for mischief and trouble. He also has a talent for getting himself out of it, but not this time. Let's go back to sleep. I'll break it gently to Niklaus in the morning," Elijah said turning out the light.  "Oh, I think you're too tense to sleep, don't you?" Vanessa purred.  "Like I said, my dear, you are always right," Elijah replied. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Wednesday MorningMystic Falls High SchoolAlaric's History Classroom"Uncle Alaric?" Matt called hesitantly into the seemingly empty classroom. "In here, Jer!" Alaric called from the storeroom in the back. "Whatcha doing?" Jeremy asked. Alaric was covered in dust and was coughing over an old box. He had been cataloging artifacts. Damon had asked him to look for something that one of the Fells might have stolen right after the founding of Mystic Falls.  "Just looking for another dead end. Say, Jer, do you ever remember your dad having an old journal, like leather bound? Maybe a symbol or something on the cover?" Alaric prodded.  "Not sure. I really didn't even know the Gilbert's were hunters until after my parents died. He used to keep some old junk at his medical office in town. We still own it. Jenna should have the key," Jeremy shared. "Thanks. I'll check it out. Your ancestors were both original founders and hunters, quite a legacy.  Though your aunt might kill me before giving it to me, she not feeling too hot. Don't mention I asked about this to her. I don't blame Elena for keeping her distance," Alaric admitted.  "She's still been at the boarding house? I can come by tonight and help out, if you need me,? Jeremy offered. "No, that's very nice, but there is a nurse there now with Jenna. You can stop by this weekend if you have time, okay?" Alaric asked smiling.  "Sounds good. Hey, Uncle Alaric, I am sorry about Friday and giving you a hard time. I shouldn't have skipped study hall or caused you any worry. I mean, I shouldn't have gotten an attitude when you talked to me either. I hope you're not still mad," Jeremy apologized.  "So I'm assuming Klaus had a talk with you?" Alaric asked dusting off his hands on his corduroy pants.  "You could call it that. I guess I'm just lucky he didn't decide to swat me with that historic paddle you gave him," Jeremy blurted unconsciously rubbing the seat of his pants.  "Hey, that thing was a historic relic that probably set straight a lot of the good citizens of Mystic Falls back in the day. But seriously, Jer, I'm not mad. Just worried. You know I can't go home and tell my pregnant wife that I lost her only nephew at school. When I heard you were missing, my heart dropped. I saw the drag marks and Matt was gone, too. Next time, you come to me first," Alaric warned.  The school bell rung. Jeremy nodded his agreement and let Alaric put his arm around him. He walked him back into the classroom. "Now, you better get ready for homeroom because if I even hear of you being tardy, I'm going to use the newest relic I found on your already tender backside. Your father's express orders. Now go and I'll talk to you later. Love you," Alaric said patting him on the head.  "Hey, watch the hair!" Jeremy backed away.  "Is that gel? Hot date today?" Alaric joked.  Jeremy just smiled and went to homeroom. He felt better, but what was this latest relic? Could he find it and destroy it before it got used on him? Jeremy was after all, the descendent of hunters, surely he could find one little relic.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic Falls High School, HallwayDavina scowled at the red haired boy.  "Is he bothering you?" She asked Connor. "Not really, he's just a bully. I ain't so good at reading and he keeps makin' fun of my southern accent. I mean, ain't Virginia the South, too? He's an asshole," Connor fumed.  "If he bothers you again, I'll put a truth telling spell on him. He'll be forced to have to tell everyone the 100% truth for a few hours. Believe me, it will teach him a lesson," Davina giggled.  "Say, my sister said you left last night. Is everything okay?" Connor asked lightly touching her arm.  "Not really. I got busted sneaking out. Freya threatened to basically, spank me tonight. Please don't say anything. I know the rest of the boys get it at home, but they don't know I have before," Davina begged.  "I wouldn't say anything. You know I already got my butt busted, honestly, it was just embarrassing being treated like a kid. I had much worse whippin's before. I'm sure you will be okay," Connor assured her.  "Freya doesn't play around. I think I'm in for it. Especially since this is the second time I did it, face it, I'm a goner," Davina grimaced.  "Well, ma'am, it was nice knowing ya," Connor laughed shaking her hand.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Funny, the cleaning crew hasn't shown up yet," Elijah muttered to Freya.  Freya was distracted. She had been trying to call Rebekah about Davina's excursion to Kol's last night.  "Elijah, I hate to do anything without talking to our sister. You know they walk around eggshells around that girl most of the time," Freya complained.  "I know. I think Marcellus was spoiled rotten by Niklaus when he was a child and he thinks that it-," Elijah started.  "Brother, if I heard this one more bloody time. It was 1820! I gave him sweets and cakes because he was too thin.  And don't start about the damn pony or-," Klaus dictated.  "Niklaus, we have other matters to discuss than how you spoiled your son. The Harvest witch snuck out and visited Kol last night. Freya and I caught them in a compromising position in his guesthouse sofa," Elijah imparted dryly. "Well, Elijah, they are in love. It's what lovers do, love," Klaus opined.  "You're not angry? Usually, I have to hold you back from soundly thrashing the mischief out of our little brother after he has disobeyed you even slightly," Elijah reminded him.  "Disobeyed me? He didn't disobey me. I never ordered him not to see the little witch. That was all him, Elijah," Klaus disclosed.  Elijah looked at Freya astonished.  "Really, I had just assumed, you told him to keep his distance from her. I never said a word. I'm quite impressed then with his fortitude. After all, Freya, they were only kissing on the couch. Maybe I was too harsh in threatening to switch him," Elijah admitted.  "I think you threatened them both with Klaus' wooden paddle, Brother. Which quite frankly, I think Davina could use a good dose of as soon as she gets home from school," Freya said with her arms crossed.  "No one here is stopping you. I am a tad afraid that Davina will turn me into a toad, but a sound paddling from you shall teach her to mind her elders and parents accordingly," Klaus mused.  "Well, I'm waiting to hear back from Rebekah. Marcel still doesn't even know she snuck out the first time," Freya divulged. "Hmm. Well, I suppose I owe Kol an apology. Niklaus, care to accompany me. I know you like to snicker and feel superior when I am groveling and brought low. You might enjoy yourself," Elijah attested.  "Oh, indeed. I wouldn't miss it for the world," Klaus said following Elijah.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Kol, may I speak to you please?" Elijah called sliding open the glass doors.  "That's odd, his car is here," Klaus said vamping around the house.  "My old car, you mean," Elijah did miss his Porsche, but he was a family man now. The boys and Vanessa all wouldn't fit in that Porsche.  "What's that dripping sound?" Klaus said honing in with his supernatural senses. Drip, drip, drip. Not a faucet, that would be much louder.  "Hello, Brothers. What a nice surprise. Did you both come to whip me? Niklaus, you are to hold me down? Lovely day for it," Kol quipped taking off his jacket and crumpling it on the couch.  "I actually came to apologize about last night, Kol," Elijah started.  "Apologize? To me?" Kol asked, looking around nervously.  "I shouldn't have threatened to switch you and not in front of Davina. I thought Niklaus forbade you from seeing Davina. I didn't know you brought that on yourself. I am sorry, Kol," Elijah said solemnly. "Is someone else here, Brother?" Klaus asked suspiciously.  "Not anymore. I had a friend over, but-," Kol answered.  Klaus vamped up the stairs. "Nik, what are you doing? For God sake's, there's no one up here," Kol swore.  Klaus continued to search all the rooms, Elijah vamped up.  "Kol, what did you do?" Elijah asked with a heated glare. "Nothing. I swear, look, I accept your apology. Just go. I'll come over later to check on Davina," Kol stated.  A memory popped into Klaus' head.  "The attic! They always forget the bodies in the attic, don't they Kol?" Klaus growled as he vamped up to the attic crawl space.  Blood was dripping out. Drip. Drip. Drip.  Elijah had found the cleaning crew. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Freya made a decision. Davina was in for it as soon as she got home. She knew better than to sneak out. Maybe her brothers were afraid of the powerful teen witch, but Freya was not. She took the paddleball paddle out of the drawer and put it on the dresser in her bedroom. She was not going to be worrying about this every night that Rebekah and Marcel were gone. Yes, Freya thought, a dose of the paddle would teach her to listen. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson Compound French Quarter, New OrleansRebekah listened to her voicemail with horror. Again? She snuck out again.  "Marcel, there's something I should have told you about?" Rebekah spilled. They were in the compound and Marcel had just come out of yet another meeting about the wolves. He looked exhausted.  "What is it, Rebekah? I am beat. At the rate things are moving, we're never going to be able to move back to Mystic Falls. Father K. just brought a whole new set of issues to the faction. My guys can't handle this stuff alone," Marcel admitted.  "Well, you're not going to like this. Freya called. I guess Elijah and her caught Davina sneaking out to Kol's guesthouse last night," Rebekah gulped.  "What? She did what? What do we have to do? Tie her up?" Marcel pounded his fight on the table and all the glasses and bottles shattered. Rebekah winced.  "That's not all. This isn't the first time," Rebekah confessed.  "What? She did it before and you didn't tell me," Marcel asked in disbelief. "Yes, I warned her not to. I caught her and she was so upset that I guess my pity overcame my common sense. I am sorry, Marcel," Rebekah cried. Marcel took a deep breath.  "Damn it, Rebekah, if I knew that, I never would have left her there, but I guess you knew that. She needs to be here with us. As long as your brother is there with her and we are here, what can we do? Let's see if Freya thinks she can cloak her enough from the ancestors to make it safe. If not, we'll have to go back to Mystic Falls and figure something else out," Marcel said.  "I'll call Freya back," Rebekah stated. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^GuesthouseThe bodies of the four woman were stacked on top of each other like cord wood. "They were Portuguese. Total sticklers for cleanliness," Elijah said with resignation. They would never find another crew as good. It then hit Elijah that they were a mother, aunt, and two daughters who had died. And for what? His brother's little snit over his girlfriend?  "KOL!" Klaus shouted, "Come here!" "Nik, no, please. I'm sorry. I got upset. They came in and I-," Kol said backing away. Klaus was taking off his belt and starting to advance on Kol. "You earned this. Come here now!" Klaus roared.  "Elijah, not the belt. Please don't let him, I said I was sorry," Kol whimpered.  Kol vamped out of the guesthouse. Freya wouldn't let them whip him when they were so angry, would she? "Freya!" Kol wailed.  "In here," Freya was on the phone with Rebekah, "Rebekah, I will do what I can. Yes,....No, thank you for trusting me. I got to go. Something is going on with the boys."  Kol burst in, "Freya, help me. They're going to whip me."  Klaus burst in after, "He...he drained the cleaning crew. Kol, get over here." "He what?" Freya asked horrified.  Elijah vamped in, "He murdered the cleaners. All of them. He stuffed their bodies in his attic. Kol, you behaved like a spoiled brat. You couldn't have your toy so you threw a tantrum. Now, it's time to pay the piper."  "Brothers, you are too angry. Klaus, put that belt down. Elijah, please, stop him," Freya pleaded.  For once, Elijah wasn't going to stop Klaus. He thought Kol deserved it, but then Freya touched his arm.  "Please," Freya whispered.  "Niklaus, stop. She's right," Elijah reasoned.  Klaus had Kol cornered, Klaus lowered the strap. Kol exhaled.  Elijah spoke first, "Kol, I want you to go up to Finn's old room. You are moving back in right now. Do you understand? I'll take care of everything else."  "Yes, Elijah," Kol gulped. He almost flinched walking past Nik but kept going up to his new room obediently. He felt like Nik was just itching to whip the devil out of him at this time.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah buried the bodies in the woods. He cleaned up the crime scene, so to speak. He was just glad not to find anymore bodies. He packed up Kol's things and brought them back to the house.  "Kol, open up. I have some boxes," Elijah said when he finished. There was no answer.  The room was empty. Kol was gone.  "Where the hell would he go?" Klaus thundered. A part of him was relieved his siblings had stopped him, but another part thought maybe if he had just thrashed him, then all would be over and forgiven.  "New Orleans? I really don't know," Elijah ruminated.  "Has he taken off like this before?" Freya asked.  "Yes, he always comes back, though," Klaus muttered.  "The last time, he did this, he was gone a decade," Elijah replied.  "Ten years? Oh my god," Freya started to cry. "Please remember that I am mortal. I don't have a thousand years. Brothers, you need to bring him home."  Klaus looked over at Freya helplessly, he couldn't take her weeping. His heart was aching now, too. He had lost his temper and made things worse.  "We'll find him. I promise," Elijah said patting their blonde haired sister on the back.  "And I won't thrash him, not like that, I promise. You were right to stop me," Klaus said quietly.  "Niklaus, he did kill off a wonderful cleaning crew. I don't think that a switching is too harsh for that," Elijah lamented.  "You do it, Elijah. I-I lost my temper with him," Klaus' green eyes were filled with pain and guilt.  "Niklaus, he needed to be punished and he will be, but for now, we need to find him. Also, the children will be home soon. Take a break and let me do a locator spell. It's okay," Freya said, wiping away her tears to comfort Klaus. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Vanessa got the younger boys off of the bus. She had heard some of the ruckus earlier and stayed clear of the family drama. Penny was home slightly later from her first day. When the older kids got home, nothing seemed out of the ordinary. Freya was downstairs trying to locate Kol. Elijah greeted everyone and tried to appear as normal as possible.  "Davina, can I speak to you, dear?" Elijah asked steering her into Freya's room.  "Yes?" the teen witch asked.  "Freya is downstairs doing something. We did get a hold of Rebekah. Of course, she is not very pleased. Freya is going to punish you. She would like you to wait in here until she is finished with her spell," Elijah said gently.  Davina spotted the paddle on the dresser.  "No! I just wanted to see him," Davina panicked. Actually seeing the paddle made her impending spanking real. Elijah sat on the bed.  "Davina, I wish that I could give you the patience you need to get through this. By only focusing on Kol, you are missing out on your high school experience. Freya and Vanessa want to help you have a slumber party with your girlfriends. Go out shopping, go to the movies, meet new people, go to college, live. These next few years are when you need to find out who you are. We, Kol included, are trying to keep you from losing something that you can never get back," Elijah said taking her hand.  "What's that?" Davina snapped.  "Your youth," Elijah smiled. "My dear, I know you have died and lost some of your innocence. You have great power and with that comes a great responsibility. You must learn how to wield that power wisely, to measure it. What kind of witch do you want to be? To help? To harm? To be the most powerful or most brutal? You must learn these things on your own. My little brother has lived a thousand years and without you, he is bereft also. But if it is meant to be, when you two can be together, no one and nothing can ever tear you apart."  Davina nodded, "Where is Kol? Is he okay?"  "He will be. Let us, his siblings, take care of him right now. We love him, too," Elijah assured her. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Freya's spell came back showing nothing. He was cloaked. How did he find a witch? Kol did not want to be found. Maybe he needed time. Freya was horrified that he had be capable of murdering the innocent cleaning crew, but she wanted their little brother back. Perhaps she wouldn't whip him, but killing four people certainly seemed like it warranted a strong punishment. Speaking of which, Freya reminded herself, her duties were not finished. She steeled herself to deal with Davina. She had Marcel and Rebekah's blessing.  "Thank you, Brother," Freya said when she came into her room.  "Any luck?" Elijah asked hopefully. Freya just shook her head, Elijah smiled at Davina and left. She was a tough girl and he thought that she would get through all of these difficulties.  "Freya, is Kol okay?" Davina asked. "Honey, I'm sure he's fine. I want you to worry about yourself right now," Freya said firmly.  "Did you tell Rebekah and Marcel about last night?" Davina whimpered.  "I did. I told them I would paddle you so you could get your punishment over with," Freya offered.  "I could just be grounded," Davina suggested.  "You don't want to go anywhere anyway, but nice try," Freya smirked.  Freya suggested Davina use the bathroom while she took out the salve. This was a special recipe that had a little extra kick in it. It would protect Davina, but sting a little more than her regular recipe.  "Boots off please," Freya ordered. Davina had worn a short skirt with boots and knee socks. A little risqué, but Freya wasn't the fashion police.  "Grab that paddle and come over here," Freya said briskly. Davina made a whining sound in her throat. "If I need to start counting, that is going to be extras. Hurry," Freya demanded.  "Freya, I never got paddled before. I'm scared," Davina started to bawl.  "Davina, you are my niece and a witch in my coven, I would die for you. I love you and I hope you trust me enough to know that this is long overdue," Freya said sitting on her bed. Freya turned to the side and put the paddle on her nightstand. She sat back and ordered Davina over her lap so her upper body was on the bed, but her legs off the side of the bed. This left Davina feeling childish as her legs were in the air, yet she felt Freya's arm pinning her in place. Smack! "Tell me why you are here," Freya said smacking her again over her skirted bottom. Crack! Crack! "Uh, I snuck out," Davina croaked out. Crack! Her legs began to kick. Crack. "And?" Freya said. Crack! Crack! Crack! "Owww, I mean I snuck out again. Kol told me to go back, but I wouldn't take not for an answer. We got caught making out," Davina screeched as she felt her short skirt get flipped up.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! "Young lady, is this appropriate underwear?" Freya asked. It was a thong. Rebekah had mentioned that she had disciplined Davina for wearing this kind of get up before.  Crack! Freya's hand swatted the center of Davina's backside hard covering both cheeks. Davina's legs were starting to pinwheel. Crack! Crack! Freya spanked once hard on the center of each cheek. Davina threw a hand back in desperation and panic. Freya pinned it to her back. Davina was starting to thrash and buck over her lap violently.  "I c-can't take it. It's t-too hard," Davina wailed.  "This is just the warm-up. Settle down," Freya warned as she pressed her left hand firmly into her back. Crack! "I'm going to put the salve on before I paddle you. It's going to sting, but it will protect you from bruising. Lay still," Freya demanded. Davina tried to stay still but the salve felt cold and her whole rear was stinging badly. She wondered if the paddle was worse than Freya's spoon.  "Please Freya, no paddling! I've learned my lesson. I won't sneak out again," Davina said as she started to wiggle her hips and try to get off Freya's lap. Freya smacked her sit spots with the flat of her hand. "If you can't behave during your spanking, you are going to get another one before school tomorrow. Do you want that?" Freya warned. "No! I'm s-sorry," Davina sobbed as she continued to buck and scissor her legs. Crack! Crack! "I think you need to stand in the corner and calm down," Freya said firmly.  She marched Davina into the corner. She pulled her skirt completely off and left the thong on. The white of the thong contrasted with the pink of Davina's backside. The thong didn't cover much anyway. Then, she changed her mind and tugged it down. Davina was shifting from foot to foot.  "Stand still. Hands on head," Freya insisted.  Davina shut her eyes and tried not to think of her stinging mounds but it was impossible. Whack. Whack. "I said stand still," Freya said smacking the top of Davina's thighs.Davina cried harder and fought to plant her feet on the floor. The salve was not helping to soothe the throbbing at all.  After a few minutes when Davina stopped crying, Freya called her out of the corner.  "Davina, you are going to get through all of this and become stronger. But right now you are being punished for disobedience. You are still a child and when you are given a rule, you are to follow it whether you like it or not. With each swat of this paddle, I want you to think of how you should have obeyed last night," Freya said.  This time Freya sat in a chair and leaned Davina over her lap so that her hands rested on the floor. She yanked up the thong into place and then locked Davina's legs under her right leg. Freya encircled Davina's waist with her left arm to further keep her into place.  Freya rested the rounded paddle on her warm cheeks.  "First time with the paddle, huh? Let's behave and make it the last also, " Freya remarked.  "Yesssss," Davina sobbed. "Hopefully, last paddling too. I know this is going to sting but it will be over in a moment," Freya reassured the trembling girl. Pop! Davina tried to moved but she couldn't. She heard the loud pop first and then felt a bloom of stinging.  Pop! Freya was swatting slowly to give each whack a moment to sink in.  Pop! She went from right cheek to left cheek. Pop! Davina's hair was covering her face but Freya saw her tried to brush away tears and mucus. Davina's pink bottom was now turning red in the spots the paddle kissed.  Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! "I'm s-s-sorry. So s-ss-sorry," Davina gasped. Even though the paddle was light, Freya thought she heard Klaus say that he tried to never give more than ten whacks anymore. It stung and that was all that was needed to make an impression and get the kid's attention. She dropped the paddle and started to rub Davina's sore bottom lightly. The girl's ragged sobbed tugged at her heart. "I'm going to get you up," Freya whispered. She unlocked her leg and let Davina stand unsteadily.  "All over, Davina. All forgiven," Freya tugged Davina into her lap. She felt her recoil as her backside rubbed against Freya thigh, she tried to shift her. "S-sorry. I j-just hope K-kol isn't mad at m-me," Davina shuddered.  "Dear, you know he is not. Give it time," Freya said not rocking her.  "My bottom stings so much," Davina whined.  "Do you want to lay down in here or in your room?" Freya asked.  "In here," Davina said in a small voice as Freya led her to lay face down in the bed. She was still in the shirt she wore to school, the white thong, and knee high socks she wore under her boots. Her backside was red and blotchy. Davina didn't dare touch as it was too sore. "Stay here, I'm going to get your pajamas, dear," Freya said, she took the paddle back to replace it in the kitchen drawer.  Freya ended up helping Davina take a bath in her big bathroom. She thought that washing off the salve would help. The warm water stung at first and then Davina got used to it. Freya then helped her into fuzzy flannel pajamas and walked her upstairs. Penny was in the room watching tv. Freya got them both some food and they watched tv. Freya stayed with them until they were ready for bed. Davina said she had finished her school work at her study hall.  Dinner for the boys were leftovers that night, which was rare. Elijah just couldn't cook when Kol was out there somewhere. Klaus was drinking and on the phone with Cami. "Dad, are we going to the caves tonight?" Tyler said before he realized Klaus was on the phone. "Hang on, Camille. Sure, Son. Let me know when you're ready," Klaus said. He would not let her children down tonight. He also might let Tyler drive as he was on his third or fifth drink.Wednesday EveningLockwood PropertyOut on the old Lockwood property, Tyler took Connor and Erik to show them where the old room with the chains were. Jeremy and Matt wanted to see the wolf cave."Someone's here," Klaus said."Is that Bonnie?" Jeremy asked. "I think I know what's going on," Klaus said in relief. Klaus thought he knew where his little brother was hiding out. He just hoped he could get him to listen to reason and come home with them.
  
    Chapter Text
    I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice.                                                         –Abraham Lincoln Mikaelson Mansion Mystic Falls, Virgina, 2010Wednesday NightElijah came in to let Freya know that Klaus thought he found Kol. He smiled to see Freya, Davina, and Penny all sprawled out on the bed. He was not happy to see the array of junk food they had apparently devoured before passing out. He made a note to talk to Freya about that after they got Kol back. Sadie was sleeping on the floor. It looked like she had eaten a bag of chips or something herself.  "Freya? Sister, wake up," Elijah woke her gently.  "Did you find him?" Freya asked instantly getting up. She covered up the girls and shut off the tv.  "Niklaus thinks he's at the old wolf cave. He's there with the boys. He thinks it is Bonnie cloaking him. Can you call her and check?" Elijah asked leading her out of the room.  "How did he get Bonnie involved in this?" Freya asked.  "Who knows?" Elijah said helplessly. A few minutes later it was confirmed.  "Kol compelled her dad to shoot himself if Bonnie didn't help him. I am going to wear that boy out myself after you two are done with him," Freya burst.  "Get in line, Sister," Elijah said patting her on the shoulder.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Lockwood Property Wolf Cave Entrance"Kol, it's over. I know you are in there. Come out. It's time to come home," Klaus yelled into the cave. Tyler had brought Erik and Connor over by this time.  "Uncle Kol is in there?" Tyler asked in shock.  "Yes, hopefully, not for long," Klaus said pacing.  "Do you want me to drive everyone home or stay? What?" Tyler asked.  "I'm sorry, guys. I'll make it up to you. Yes, Tyler, you take the SUV. I'll catch up with you at home," Klaus said.  Klaus tried to enter the tunnel but there was a boundary spell. Elijah called Klaus' phone and explained that Kol had compelled Bonnie's dad. That was tricky because even an Original vampire could not un-compel someone and Kol knew that.  Without knowing exactly what Kol had said to Mr. Bennett, it was safer just to leave that alone. "Kol, it's just me now. Come out to the end of the tunnel, just so we can talk. Please," Klaus begged. A part of Klaus wanted to just crush part of the tunnel from the top and drop down, but this cave was part of their family history. It was also Tyler's land and Klaus didn't feel right tampering with it.  "Brother, you found me rather quickly, I would say. Did Bonnie's cloaking spell not work? If not, her dear daddy is going to go bye-bye," Kol laughed.  "Kol, leave her family alone. This is between us. If you had been around last night, you would know that I promised to take the boys out here tonight. This is Lockwood property now. Tyler has been interested in the cave and I promised him we would explore it," Klaus explained.  "Ah, so I now ruined father-son bonding time. You can add that to my offenses. Hurting the ones we love, it's just what we do," Kol offered.  "Dad, the car won't start. It's like the engine is dead," Matt said coming back near the cave with the other boys following.  "Ah, Bonnie's spell probably fried the engine. I might have might her a bit angry. She almost exploded my head until I reminded her that her father would die," Kol announced from the mouth of the cave.  "Uncle Kol, what's going on? Why are you in that cave?" Jeremy asked. "I've gotten into some trouble, lads. Now, it's time for punishment. Did you send Elijah for the dagger?" Kol asked. "Do you think you should not be punished? But you're not getting the dagger, Little Brother. That would be too easy. Come out and we're get it over with and call a truce," Klaus suggested.  "I've considered your request for a truce. Request denied," Kol said and vamped back into the tunnel.  "KOL!" Klaus shouted.  "Dad, what happened?" Tyler asked.  "Boys, you really don't want to know. Let's just say your uncle is going to cause you to have a lot more cleaning chores," Klaus said pacing and trying to think of a way out of this.  Erik and Connor were looking at each other in shock.  Connor mouthed, "What the fuck?" to his brother who just shrugged.  "Really? This is the 3rd time. First Nicole, then the housekeeper couple, and now the cleaning crew!" Tyler ranted.  "What? How do you know what happened?" Matt asked confused.  "Forget it, Donovan. Let's just see if we can help," Tyler said.  "Gentleman, any luck?" Elijah said vamping up.  "No, where's Freya?" Klaus asked.  "I'm coming. Some of us don't have vampire speed. Let me just test this spell," Freya said closing her eyes.  "Boys, why don't you take my car home. It's parked over the hill there," Elijah suggested. He gave the keys to Matt. Tyler snatched them and they started fighting over them.  "Quit arguing. Matt drives. No speeding. Go straight home. Be careful, boys," Klaus said sternly.  "Bonnie's magic is strong. I can't counteract it, unless...," Freya started.  "Let me guess, you have Davina," Elijah surmised.  "Exactly, I just don't think that's a good idea. He's unstable. She's a little, um, tender. Plus, she is sleeping," Freya added.  "Maybe you can talk him out of there, Freya. I tried and probably made it worse. He thinks I'm going to dagger him," Klaus said rubbing his temples.  Elijah paused, "It that what he is afraid of. You promised him no more daggering."  "I meant it, too. I know I lost it a little today, but why won't he trust me? I guess I don't blame him. I never meant to hurt him," Klaus said with emotion walking away a little. Freya saw how upset Klaus was and yelled into the cave, "No more games, Kol. Come out. Now." "There's always time for games, Sister. But Nik, I heard what you said. If you're not going to dagger me for my...mistake, then I shall be prepared to take a good and proper beating. Just tell me Davina is alright," Kol said coming out.  Freya hugged him tightly, "Kol, she's fine. Worried about you and maybe a little sore, but fine...They told me the last time you ran away it was for a decade!"  "Bollocks! It was three days in that...never mind. I'm sorry to have worried you. Elijah?" Kol began.  Elijah hugged him next, "No more running away." "Niklaus? Nik, sorry about the mess," Kol trailed off.  "Kol," Klaus couldn't say anymore. He embraced Kol for a long minute. Klaus rarely got so emotional to where he couldn't speak. Elijah and Freya also got misty eyed again just watching.  "Let's go home," Elijah said.  "Wait! What about Bonnie?" Freya said.  "Ah, about Bonnie. I sent her home. Her father was fine. I might have fibbed a little. Guess that's gonna cost me, huh?" Kol flushed and put his arm around Freya. "Yup, I'm going to get you for that. You messed with my coven. But really, Brother, I was afraid you were gone. No more of that. And no more of that damn guest house. I knew that was a bad idea," Freya said.  "Yeah, well, I haven't been filled with great ideas today. I guess I'm really in for it. Elijah? Are you going to keep me in suspense," Kol asked.  "I think that we will forgo said switching and increase your nights of chastisement to one with Freya and one with me. Niklaus has decided to give you a reprieve. But you will not get one, because you will be doing the cleaning crew chores this week and possibly next week. All of them. You will also not complain as you do your new duties or I will crack you where it will do the most good each time. Understand?" Elijah asked firmly.  "Yes, sir. Is that all?" Kol asked bashfully.  "No, I'm afraid this hurts me more than it will hurt you, but not really, because you will take the younger children to..." Elijah started.  "No! Please, no," Kol begged. "To Fun Town!" Elijah smirked.  "Those clowns and robots are bloody terrifying," Kol whined.  "Well, next time you throw a fit, you will control yourself, little brother," Klaus chided.  "Yes, Nik. Anything else?" Kol grunted, as they got in their vehicles.  "Oh, you can help me make salves and potions. I've been going through them like crazy. I also need some herb with the garden," Freya suggested.  "Yes, Sister," Kol groaned.  "Oh, apologize to Bonnie. Maybe buy her something?" Freya yelled out her window.  "Fine! On second thought, Nik, just dagger me," Kol commented.Mikaelson Mansion Thursday Morning "Look, just don't mention it and no one will know when it happened," Tyler hissed at Matt. Matt put his hands on his head, "You always do this. Try to get us out of trouble and we get it worse. I'm just telling Dad!" "Matt Donovan, I swear to God if you do, I'm going to tell them that you stashed some of my dad's old pornos away for your personal stash!" Tyler threatened.  "You wouldn't!" Matt said.  "Try me!" Tyler challenged. Matt grabbed Tyler and slammed him against the wall. With his werewolf strength, Tyler was stronger and push Matt down on the bed and pinned him.  "Matt, take it easy. I don't want to fight about this. Look, it's just a scratch. Don't panic," Tyler affirmed. Connor came into the room, "What the hell? Tyler, let him up." Tyler let go of Matt, "He wants to confess that we got fast food last night because he scraped the car."  Connor cringed, "It's just a little scratch. I mean, is it really that big of a deal?" "Yes, we disobeyed. We were told to go straight home but you assholes convinced me to go through the drive-thru in that giant SUV. Fuck! I don't need this stress. I have two tests today," Matt disclosed.  Tyler tried again, "Matt, just chill. Trust me. It's fine, unless you turn into a major pussy and confess."  "Fine," Matt said reluctantly. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah woke the boys up for school. "Hey, good news. If you can behave today and tomorrow, then Uncle Kol will take you to Fun Town," Elijah promised.  "Yes, that's great!" Henrik shouted.  Finn was more reserved.  "Finn, what's wrong? Did something happen?" Elijah asked.  "Um, I have a note from school," Finn whispered.  "Why didn't you give it to Vanessa or me yesterday?" Elijah asked.  "I didn't want to get in trouble. Then, you left and I didn't know what to do," Finn said.  "Henrik, go down to breakfast. Let me talk to your brother," Elijah said. "What does the note say?"  Finn frowned, "Just that I didn't do my work. I had to stay in at recess and do it."  "Okay, why is that?" Elijah prompted.  "I don't know. I just didn't feel like doing it," Finn admitted.  "Was it too hard? Too easy?" Elijah pushed.  Finn grew frustrated, "I just didn't feel like it, okay?" Elijah said firmly, "No, it's not okay. I knew this is a big adjustment this week, but your job is to be a student. I want to see this note and we'll talk about it tonight. But you can forget about playing games and watching tv tonight if you can't do your schoolwork."  Finn started to cry, "This is what I was afraid of."  "Finn, it's time for breakfast. Let's not blow this out of proportion, okay?" Elijah soothed.  Finn nodded and stopped crying. Elijah wasn't sure if he was taking the right approach, but he figured Vanessa would have some insight. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Freya opened the curtains to the girls' room.   "Rise and shine," she said brightly.  Davina groaned and rolled over on her stomach.  "Come on, ladies. Time to get up," Freya called out. Penny stirred and got up and went into the huge bathroom.  "Remind me, did I owe you another spanking before you went to school?"Freya laughed smacking Davina lightly. Smack. "Ouch! Freya, that hurts. I'm up. Up, damn," Davina moaned. Freya cracked her harder. Crack! "That's for swearing. But I do have good news. Kol is back," Freya smiled.  "Good. Can I see him?" Davina gushed.  "Not now. He's sleeping. Come on, it's breakfast time," Freya said cleaning up some of the debris from last night.  Davina groaned and got up. She rubbed the seat of her pajama bottoms and felt a hotness, well, a warmness now, and an itch.  "You deserved it. I just hope Rebekah and Marcel will take my word that I was very thorough and don't spank you again when they get back," Freya mentioned.  "Um, I talked to them last night. It's going to be a month. If they can find a way, they want me to join them down there," Davina revealed.  "What about school? What about the French Quarter coven?" Freya asked concerned.  "Marcel is trying to make a peace with them, an alliance. And they do have school there," Davina smirked.  "I know that, you smart aleck," Freya smiled.  "But I don't want to leave here...Freya, I don't know what to do. I'm torn. But I can't keep torturing him either. I guess love does much that I have to let him go for now, too," Davina smiled back sadly.  "Just for a little while," Freya said.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Thursday AfternoonMystic Falls High SchoolJeremy sneaked into Alaric's classroom during lunch. Jenna had yet another doctor's appointment and he was until the afternoon.  Something had nagged at Jeremy from that storeroom. Alaric brought up the Gilbert family legacy of hunting and being founders.  What did Damon want Alaric to find? Another relic? Was this something that would help protect his sister Elena. The way Dad talked, she was in constant danger. Maybe Jeremy could start helping and then she would come around more and could break away from Stefan and Damon. The amount of secrets in Mystic Falls never failed to astonish him. Jeremy crept to the back storeroom and started looking through boxes. It was mostly old textbooks, maps, and old school yearbooks. This was interesting. It was an old necklace or something. It looked like a compass. Huh, was it gold? Pretty valuable to be in a box with this junk. What was his uncle really up to back here? Jeremy heard something and dropped the box he was snooping in on the floor.  "What the hell are you doing?" Tyler asked.  "Oh Jesus, you scared me. I though you were Uncle Alaric. I was looking for this relic Damon wants Alaric to find...Tyler, I feel like he's hiding something. I mean shouldn't we know what's going on? We're members of the founding families," Jeremy replied picking up the stuff on the floor. "Jer, who cares? Why are you getting into this now?" Tyler pressed, he stepped on the book Jeremy was trying to pick up so Jeremy would have to stop.  "If I can protect my sister, then she can get away from the Salvatore brothers and be around more," Tyler grumbled.  "Dude, you think one little relic can protect her? And man, I hate to tell you this, and Matt, but your sister loves them. I sometime think she's in love with both of them. I mean, she doesn't want to be away from them," Tyler shared.  Jeremy was quiet. He knew what Tyler said was true.  "But even so, isn't it our job too, to help protect this town? Alaric is into something. My dad, Grayson, was involved, too. It's not just about hunting, something else is there. I told him about some old junk at his old medical office. Maybe we should check it out ourselves?" Jeremy suggested.  "Yeah, let's do that. But let's get the hell out of here before..." Tyler started.  "Before you get caught snooping around," Alaric boomed.  "Ah, yeah," Tyler responded in a small voice.  "Uncle Alaric, you're back early," Jeremy squeaked. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Earlier Thursday MorningMikaelson MansionAfter all the kids had left for school, including a calmer Finn, Elijah started with Kol. He brought in some of Freya's salve and a hairbrush. They were grateful Kol was home safely, but Elijah thought that maybe four good whackings for each lady he drained would be a start. One in the morning before his chores and one before bed for two days.  Elijah sent Freya and Vanessa to a very exclusive day spa for the day and took a deep breath.  "Kol, wake up," Elijah said opening the blinds. Kol was fast asleep. Forever young, but Elijah had to remember his latest murderous indulgence that he had committed on their property.  "Elijah, please, let me sleep," Kol moaned rolling over.  "I wish I could, little Brother. But you were very naughty again, weren't you?" Elijah said sitting on the bed. He put the brush and the salve on the bedside table. He waited a moment for his brother to stir. When that didn't happen, he pulled him over and smacked him over his pajama pants.  "Owww, just leave me alone," Kol whined.  Smack. Smack.  "Go to bathroom, brush your teeth, take a shower. I'll get you a little blood, okay?" Elijah said. Whack! "Ouch! Jesus, calm down. I'm getting up," Kol gasped as he rubbed his stinging thigh. "It's going to be a long two days for you. Wait until you see the piles of laundry downstairs. Ten minutes," Elijah said briskly.  "'Lijah, I changed my mind, can I go back to the cave?" Kol said going into the bathroom and starting the water.  Elijah couldn't help but laugh. What had Kol's plan been if they hadn't stumbled on him? Or did he know they were going to be there? Either way, he would have had to stay in the cave all night. This, from a boy who slept piled under three or four comforters each night.  Elijah ran into Klaus in the kitchen.  "Was Finn okay? He seemed upset," Klaus asked.  "He got a note about not doing his schoolwork already. He hid the note last night. So I guess no Fun Town this weekend. I told him we'd talk about it tonight. I don't want to blow this out of proportion so I told him no tv tonight. It was like he was getting the guillotine," Elijah mused pouring some blood in a mug.  "Need some help with the other one upstairs?" Klaus offered.  "Yes, you know what. I think he could use a double dose of brotherly love today. Or you can hold his hands for me," Elijah smiled.  "It's been a while since he's faced both of us. Maybe too long," Klaus added.  "I won't be hard on him, but he's going to be working all day on the house which is torture for him. Fun for me," Elijah admitted.  "As Lucretius said, 'One man's meat is another man's poison,'" Klaus mused, taking a drink out of his own mug of blood. "Indeed, Brother," Elijah agreed as they headed back up to Kol's room.
  
    Chapter Text
         It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men.”                                               –Frederick Douglass  Mystic Falls, Virgina, 2010Thursday MorningMystic Falls High SchoolConnor had enough of this idiot red haired kid. He was always snickering at Connor and constantly mocking his heavy rural accent. Connor had been in his share of fights, but was really trying not to start trouble at this new school. Davina and Klaus had both asked him to let them know if the bullying continued. The thing was, Connor thought, all the kid was doing was laughing at him. How could he report something like that? He decided his only choice was to try not to talk and ignore it. Erik didn't get bullied, he was much quieter and his accent wasn't as pronounced.  Connor just tried to get through the day. It was barely first period when Connor left his computer class to get his notebook in his locker, which was a short distance away. Ronald just happened to be coming in the opposite direction. Ronald started giggling and said, "Well, if it ain't the country boy. He could eat corn through a picket fence!" Connor saw red, he did have slightly bucked teeth. Dental procedures were not big on his list of priorities when he was trying to survive. "What'd you say, you ginger son of a bitch? Not so tough without your loser buddies around, huh, Ronnie?" Connor said dropping his notebook and slamming Ronald into the locker hard. Ronald's face crumpled in shock and turned bright red and he started crying.  Connor slammed him one more time, ready to pound his face in A burly male teacher came out and shouted, "What's going on?"  Soon Connor was on his way to the office. He realized that he hadn't even picked up his notebook from the ground.   Mikaelson Mansion Thursday Morning"Really, a twofer?" Kol groaned seeing both his brothers walk in.  Klaus looked at Elijah in confusion, Elijah clarified, "A twofer is an item or offer that comprises two items but is sold for the price of one. "So you're getting a bargain. Now, Kol, no fussing. I'm sure you want to get this over with so you can do housework all day. I believe Elijah has a uniform for you to wear," Klaus joked.  "Oh, like the sexy maid costume that Bex used to try to wear for Halloween every year?" Kol recalled.  "Not quite," Elijah replied, "It's time, Kol. Those pants can come off."  Kol couldn't help but glance at Klaus, this was worse having an audience. Kol couldn't remember the time he got it from both brothers. A hundred years ago, maybe after the paragon diamond debacle? And here he was-again.  Klaus' cell phone rang. Klaus looked at it. "Excuse me, it's the school," Klaus said getting up and leaving. Kol exhaled in relief and took off his sweatpants. His neck burned at standing in front of Elijah, fully dressed in a suit, in his fitted boxers. Elijah sat on the bed and piled two bed pillows beside him.  "Don't worry, we'll wash all the sheets today and then you can make up all the beds again," Elijah said guiding Kol to bed over the bed. Kol was worried, he didn't recall ever making up a bed on his own or doing laundry. There was always someone else to do it or compel to do it. Did Elijah mean all the beds because with the children included, that was a lot of bed? Kol bent forward as much as he could over the pillows and rested on his forearms. He felt the cool air on his backside as Elijah slipped down his boxers.  "Freya made this especially for you. Don't touch your backside, it has a touch of vervain in it. You'll help her make more salve tomorrow," Elijah said starting to smooth it on with a cloth.  "Isn't this cruel and unusual punishment. It's already burning a little, Brother," Kol gasped as he felt the cool salve touch his skin.  "Is it reminding you not to murder the help yet?" Elijah asked. "Yes!" Kol hissed as the salve began to get worked into the top of his thighs.  "Okay, like I said, don't reach back," Elijah said sternly.  Elijah picked up the wide hairbrush, but it felt too heavy and bulky to him. He couldn't wield it, not today.  "Brother, give me a moment, please," Elijah said patting his back. Kol said to the empty room, "Like I have a choice."  Elijah vamped to Klaus' office down the hall and grabbed the heavy ruler in the cup on his desk. This will do.  Exiting, he ran back into Klaus.  "I'm headed to pick up Connor at the school, he was suspended for assault," Klaus said with worried eyes.  "Oh no, I hope he is okay," Elijah replied.  "Yes, they said he was the aggressor, so we shall see," Klaus shared.  Elijah went back in with the ruler. He stood and tapped the ruler over Kol's backside a few times. Tap. Tap. Tap. "Ready? I'm going to thrash you with the ruler and then we're going to get to work. Tonight, I'm going to send you to bed with a sore bottom, but how sore depends on how you behave today. Cooperate and it will just be with my hand, give me a hard time all day and I will use that awful hairbrush on you," Elijah threatened.  "I'll behave," Kol promised. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Elijah was bringing the ruler down hard in the same spot across both of Kol's cheeks.  "Stay still. Feet on floor," Elijah reminded him, pressing him down flat with his left hand. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Kol felt the ruler dance up and down his backside and the top of his thighs. With the salve slowing his healing, Kol felt ever blow keenly as if he were human or even more sensitively.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! "What am I smacking your bottom right now, baby brother?" Elijah asked tapping his thighs lightly.  "I killed the maids," Kol stammered. Whap! Whap! Smack. Smack. Smack.  Elijah was now bringing the ruler down on just one cheek for five spanks. Then, he alternated.  Kol shifted and tried to pull himself up, but Elijah's hand was firm. He tried shifting his weight from foot to foot, but nothing helped.  Whap! Whap! Smack. Smack. Smack. "I should have sent Davina back," Kol gasped.  Crack! Crack! Elijah lowered the ruler further down Kol's thighs.  "I isolated myself and didn't talk to anymore," Kol wailed.  Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. "Yes, you did. No more of that. We need you hear with us. We missed you. The boys missed their Uncle Kol," Elijah scolded.  Kol broke, "I missed them, too."  Elijah was filled with pity, "Brother, you did a noble thing, trying to set your love free. For her own sake, but this is a struggle. Come and share that with us when you need help, okay. Do not feel like you have to bear this pain alone," Elijah said.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Elijah stopped and let Kol cry. His backside was striped red and he was sure it was burning, but Elijah guessed he was weeping over the stress of Davina. Elijah put the ruler down and carefully peeled back up Kol's tight, fitted boxers.  Elijah said quietly, "I'm here for you, Kol. We all are." Kol got up and fixed his boxers. He started to rub and then realized that it just worked in the salve more. Elijah opened his arms and let Kol lean his head on Elijah's chest. Tears dropped onto his suit.  "You can put your sweats back on or leave them off," Elijah offered.  "I'll leave them off," Kol added gratefully.  "Okay, now let's get all the sheets off the beds. I'm going to show you exactly what to do. Follow me closely, okay," Elijah said.  "Yes, Brother," Kol intoned. Elijah seemed excited to show Kol the ins and outs of cleaning. Kol almost wanted to weep, but figured he would save it for later. This might be the worse day ever.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic Falls High SchoolAs Klaus walked to the school office, he saw Alaric teaching with his classroom door open. Alaric saw Klaus and waved him over.  "Class, go ahead and get into groups. We'll share your responses in a 20 minutes. Move! I will be collecting these papers, they will be graded," Alaric threatened shutting the door to his classroom and meeting Klaus in the hallway.  "Ric, what is it? How's Jenna? Connor got in trouble and got suspended. I'm here to pick him up," Klaus finished anxiously.  "Jenn's hanging in there, but barely. Sorry to hear about Connor. Hey, how much does Jeremy know about what his dad was into? I caught him and Tyler snooping around in my storeroom at lunch," Alaric mentioned.  "Snooping? Was he supposed to be in class? To my knowledge, he doesn't really know or have any interest in his family's hunting legacy," Klaus admitted.  "It was during a break period, but he definitely knew better than to be in here. I gave them both a talking-to, but then my class came in. Let me know if we have something to be worried about," Alaric said heading back in his classroom.  "He has something to be worried about," Klaus growled under his breath.  A few moments later, Klaus was driving Connor home.  "I'm real sorry, but that kid was an asshole," Connor swore.  "Connor, I asked you to come to me, or Alaric. You said Davina offered help. The boy didn't attack you physically, why did you touch him first? Hmm?" Klaus asked.  "What he said about my teeth made me real heated," Connor confessed.  "There's nothing wrong with your teeth. Elijah already scheduled you and your siblings for the dentist," Klaus reassured.  "You gonna whup me?" Connor trembled.  Klaus glanced at him, "Connor, you got suspended for attacking someone at school. That ought to earn you another trip over my knee. In additional, you may get tasked with some house chores as we lost our maid service." Connor entire neck feel hot and burning with shame. "Hey, I don't want to do this either, but can you give me any reason why I shouldn't punish you?" Klaus asked gently.  Connor shook his head. "Connor, you are an untriggered werewolf. I know you have to fight through your anger and aggression. What if you accidentally killed that boy?" Klass prompted.  "I would feel awful. He was afraid of me after I pushed him. I could see it in his eyes. Sorry, I should have controlled myself better, but that ain't all...," Connor admitted.  "What is it, Son?" Klaus asked. Connor wondered if he called him son as his real son, or just like any old kid.  "He kept laughing at the way I talk. There ain't nothing I can do about it. I've been trying not to talk in class, but sometimes they call on me and I ain't got no choice. They act like they don't understand what I'm talkin' 'bout," Connor struggled to explain.  "Oh, Connor, I'm sorry. My family has lived in many places and sometimes it is easy to pick up a local accent, sometimes it is more difficult. There is nothing wrong with the way you talk...but Elijah may be able to help," Klaus said carefully.  "You mean with fixin' how I talk?" Connor said amazed.  "He might be able to compel you to lose your southern accent faster. Elijah is a tad of a linguist and can work with you, if you like," Klaus smiled.  "That would be a big relief. I feel like I'm from 'nother country. It makes me stick out like a sore thumb," Connor admitted. He felt relieved.  "Connor, I am sorry that we haven't had a chance to spend more time together one on one. Maybe today is our chance to do that? Get to know each other better," Klaus offered. "You ain't mad about having to come pick me up?" Connor said looking down.  Klaus shook his head, "Of course not. Remember, I am at an advantage other parents do not possess, no day job or financial woes. All the time in the world...Literally. I am here for all of you whenever you need me, not that I wish you to continue to get suspended, but it is no crimp in my schedule."  "Thanks for everything. Getting my brother and sister, bringing me here. We never could have fought those Guerrera's ourselves," Connor admitted.  "Connor, you have no need to thank me. You do realize that Penelope is half Guerrera, we can't deny that she is from a very powerful line of wolves. Marcellus is trying now to make an alliance with any remaining Guerreras," Klaus said pulling into the compound gates.  "Does that mean they are going to want her back?" Connor worried.  "They won't get her back. She is with us now. Just like you and your brother, you will be Mikaelsons.  We will have the adoption process finished soon, if you all agree. I would be honored to have you as my son," Klaus said before getting out of the car.  "But I'm still getting it right now," Connor wondered.  "Yes, but maybe we should have lunch and take a little field trip first," Klaus said putting his arm around him. Klaus' resolve to thrash this boy was weakening. The bully seemed like the one who needed a hiding. Several ideas popped into Klaus' brain in the same instance...None of them completely legal. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionElijah threw Kol's sweatpants at him.  "Connor got suspended. Klaus went to pick him up. You better put some pants on," Elijah informed him. "I guess I'm not the only prat around here. Oh well, I'm sure our brother will get him sorted out," Kol mused.  "Actually, Finn had an issue yesterday. I was going to email the teacher, which was Vanessa's suggestion," Elijah said. "Finn? What happened? They just started, didn't they?," Kol said finishing getting dressed.  "Yes, they've only been there a few days. I'm not really sure what happened. Finn said he got a note about not doing his work. I couldn't really get a clear answer from him. I told him we'd postpone Fun Town, so that gives you a week's reprieve," Elijah shared.  "That seems a little hard, no? Not that I am in a bleedin' rush to go to Fun Town, but just sayin'," Kol threw out.  "Perhaps you're right. Now you get started here, I'll be back. And Kol, I expect this done correctly or you will do it all again. Am I understood?" Elijah asked sternly indicating the bed.   "Yes, Elijah," Kol said, knowing he was in no position to roll his eyes. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic Falls Town SquareKlaus decided to take Connor for lunch at the Grill. He hated that the boy had been suffering and made to feel inferior at school. He wanted to make it up to him.  "See where that storefront is? That's where our family home used to be before anything else was here ten centuries ago. It was really only a two room shack, but we didn't realize that at the time," Klaus smiled pointing outside across the street from the Grill.  "Really? So this was your family's land? Like you used to own it?" Connor said in awe.  "No, nothing like it. There was a small village near and we had a farm here, but the land was mostly unsettled. It's odd to think that was a thousand years ago. There are some things that happened in my human life that are as clear as a bell to me," Klaus shared.  "Like what?" Connor asked.  "Like my father bullying me, berating me, and trying to make me an object of mockery in my own family. He'd accuse me of doing things that I think he knew that I wasn't responsible for, now I was no angel, but no one deserves to be treated like that," Klaus affirmed.  "But he done more didn't he?" Connor pressed.  "Indeed. I was no only the object of his cruelty, but the target of his rage. He'd throw things at me, kick me, knocked me down, stabbed me, and beat me at the slightest excuse. Connor, like you, I was an untriggered wolf. I didn't know it, but my mother had given me a charm to make me weak. So I didn't, couldn't fight back, I took it all. Then, after I was turned into a vampire, I became strong. Stronger than I could ever imagine. No one could beat me like that again and they never have," Klaus admitted softly. They walked across the street into the town square.  "Why do you sound so sad about it?" Connor asked.  "Because as many enemies I struck down or bullies I leveled, it never really made me feel any better. A part of me is always that scared boy who just wants a scrap of his father's affection. I fear that today Connor, you went from being the victim to being the bully. It is not a road I would wish for you for it is filled with regret and loneliness," Klaus said sincerely.  "Do you think that Ronnie maybe has his own problems? I reckoned I never thought of it. I guess I am glad I didn't whale the tar out of him for just not having no manners and picking on me," Connor surmised.  "Maybe you can talk to him? There could be more to it. Or he's just an arse?" Klaus suggested.  "I guess I did overreact," Connor confessed.  "Why don't we make that your punishment? You speak to this Ronald fellow and maybe, I don't know, offer your...," Klaus trailed off. As they walked a little further. "Apologies?" Connor asked in disbelief. Connor ran a hand through his closely cropped brown hair. "It cannot hurt the situation. In all honestly, Connor, I don't think I can bring myself to give you a hiding for being human and doing something I wish I could have done against my bully for all those years. I also don't think you are supposed to take children suspended from school out to eat, but-," Klaus conceded. Connor cut off his words by hugging him tightly and suddenly around the waist. Klaus hugged him back and felt that although he wasn't sure he was doing the right thing, but the thing he was doing now felt right.
  
    Chapter Text
    Thursday AfternoonMikaelson Mansion Mystic Falls, Virgina, 2010 Klaus promised Connor that he would go with him if he wanted to talk to the bully. He didn't have to do it tonight, but could wait. Klaus left it up to him. Connor did feel a sliver of guilt at not getting punished for shoving him into that locker, but Klaus reminded him that he was suspended. He had to make up all that work. Plus, Klaus turned him over to Elijah to see if he could help with anything.  Kol was scrubbing out a shower stall in the main bathroom. "Ah, I have another inmate to share my sentence. What'd ya do, mate?" Kol asked wrinkling his nose as he scrubbed mildew off the wall.  "I shoved this kid in the hallway who was picking on me. I made him cry and this teacher saw him," Connor admitted as he started to mop the floor. Sadie came in and they shooed her out so she wasn't breathing in the fumes.  "That's it. I mean, it sounds like he deserved it. You just got to the bloody school and this bloke is giving you a hard time? I'd fancy a word in private with him," Kol fumed.  "Nah, it's okay. I'm gonna talk to him tomorrow.  Maybe I overreacted a little. I don't know. Anyways, I saw where your old house was, by the town square," Connor said, trying to change the subject.  "Home, sweet, home. I guess it was only truly miserable when my father was on a tear. Other than that, before our parents killed us and made us vampires, it was okay," Kol recalled.  "Yeah, my ma had a lot of boyfriends who liked to go on a tear. I guess that's hows I got to fightin' so much. I didn't care if they whaled on me so much, but when they started putting hands on Erik and my ma, I fought back," Connor said finishing the floor.  "How come you never triggered your curse?" Kol wondered.  "Well, now that I think back, once ma must have gotten knocked up with Penny, she started sending us away. Most of them weren't great places, but the aunt we had up here was pretty old and we could just do what we wanted. That was better than fighting off drunk assholes all the time," Connor admitted. Kol looked around in amazement, "Hey mate, you're really good at cleaning. say how'd you like to-" Elijah popped in, "Connor, that's one strike for saying 'asshole' and Kol, I know you were not going to bribe Connor to finish cleaning for you, correct?"  "Umm, no, of course not, B-Brother," Kol stuttered. Elijah made a mental note to tack this on to Kol's offenses for the day which already included complaining, cursing, taking three "breaks", and rolling his eyes when Elijah though he wasn't looking.  "Connor, your father wanted me to talk to you about your accent. Then, Vanessa was going to go through your assignments with you. Kol, you're on your own. Pick up the pace. The other kids will be home in a few hours," Elijah help up his hand to indicate five. Kol didn't know if that was five extra swats or what but he rolled his eyes again and Elijah held up another hand to indicate six.  "Sorry, Elijah," Kol moaned. This day was truly hell. Kol debated texted Davina to see if she could bring the cleaners back to life.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah sat Connor in his study and said that he didn't think he needed compelled regarding his accent.  "Conner, when you move somewhere new, you start picking up new words and sounds. It mostly happens naturally. If you are concerned about people understanding you, the only thing I can tell you to pronounce the endings of the words more. Really, Connor, there is nothing wrong with your teeth or the way you talk. That boy himself has some real issues," Elijah explained.  "Thank you, sir," Connor said respectfully.  "Connor, you know you can call me 'Uncle Elijah', I know it is not official, but just in the short time you have been here, we have come to care about you a great deal," Elijah prompted. He got up from his desk. Connor flinched. Elijah lifted up the boy's chin and wiped away the tears running down his face.  "What's wrong, Son?" Elijah asked quietly.  "Nothin'. I just-y'all been real good to us. Better than our real kin," Connor admitted. Elijah leaned against the desk and smiled, "You know, difficulties aside, I value my family above everything. I am sorry that yours failed you. But you are now part of our family, always and forever. I know the pain of your past won't be forgotten, but it will make you stronger. And Connor, to be in our family, we do need to be strong. You understand that?" Connor nodded, "I do, sir-, I mean, I do, Uncle Elijah. I ain't, I mean, I'm going to try to make y'all proud."  "Connor, we already are proud. All I'm going to ask is that you try to come and talk when something is going on with you or your brothers and sisters. Yes, I said brothers. Matt, Jeremy, Tyler, and even Finn and Henrik will also be your brothers. Believe me when I say, it's not always easy to have so many siblings. But family is power. If I didn't believe that, I would be here. Now, give me a hug and go see Vanessa. Never left a beautiful woman waiting," Elijah advised. He hugged Connor and was pleased that he didn't flinch or pull away quickly.  Elijah walked him go. He prayed that the wolf situation would work out in their favor. Without a truce, the Mikaelsons would be at war again with the Guerreras. Again.  Thursday Afternoon Elijah met the younger boys today himself off the bus.  Henrik had another great day and showed Elijah some of the art work he brought him.  "Finn, good day?" Elijah asked taking his backpack. It felt heavy to him. Were there rocks in there? "Yes, Dad, it was good. Am I still not allowed to watch tv tonight?" Finn asked.  "Finn, I said no tv since you didn't do your work or give us the note. Now, if we get a better report and you can get caught up on your work, we can still go to Fun Town on Saturday," Elijah suggested.  "Really? Thanks, Daddy. I will, I will," Finn exclaimed.  "You can thank your Uncle Kol for that. But Finn, no more of this silliness. We all know you are very smart and should only be getting good reports, right?" Elijah cautioned.  "Yes, Daddy. I'll be good," Finn intoned.  "I hope you mean that, buddy. Now, we'll get your snack and then I think Uncle Kol said he'd take you boys up to the woods with Sadie, if you want to go," Elijah said.  "Yes, we do," Henrik said running ahead at top speed.. Both boys seemed to be getting loader. Elijah supposed that was normal, but they seemed hyperactive to him.  "Settle down. It's not a race," Elijah said, but Henrik tripped on the pavement and cut his hand before Elijah finished. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Klaus was waiting in the kitchen when the older kids came home. He was looking to have a word in particular with Jeremy.  Freya was baking blueberry muffins. She was putting all kinds of healthy additives in them and experimenting with her recipes.  "Hi kids, muffins are almost done. I think this new batch is the one. How was school?" Freya said opening the oven.  "Fine for me, I guess. What happened with Connor?" Tyler asked Klaus.Klaus briefly explained.  "Ronnie is a moron! I don't think he knows what he is doing. I wish Connor would have told me," Matt vented.  Eric balked, "He didn't say shit to me either!" Klaus held up a one to him and gave him a stern look.  Penny came through the kitchen and Klaus helped her get something to eat. She said she had a good day, but didn't have much to offer. Erik asked if she wanted to go play with Sadie with him and she accepted.  "Connor is working on school work now with Vanessa. Matt, if you have anything you want her to look at, you can do it now," Klaus suggested.  Matt groaned as doing more school stuff was the last thing he wanted to do, but he obediently took his back pack into the dining room.  Freya had Davina try a muffin and they went downstairs to work on some witch stuff.  "I saw Alaric today when I went to pick up Connor," Klaus stated. Freya left him a muffin, but he left it to sip on his blood.  "Dad, I can explain," Jeremy started. "I tried to stop him," Tyler interrupted.   "I'm waiting," Klaus said calmly.  "I know you said that my sister Elena is always in danger. Alaric mentioned that Damon wanted him to find some old relic and I wondered if it is something that I could be helping with. Like maybe if I could help protect my sister, than she wouldn't need Damon and Stefan so much. I guess it's stupid, but I just felt like Alaric was hiding something," Jeremey revealed.  "Jeremy, you are from a line of hunters. Look what you went through when you had the hunter's mark? It's removed but that urge to hunt is perhaps still in your DNA, I don't know. But I will tell you this, young man, you are at school to learn, not to investigate your own uncle. I am not pleased about either one of you lurking around in his room so consider yourselves with one strike for the day," Klaus determined.  "But Dad, if it's my legacy, shouldn't I pursue it? Isn't it our job as descendants of the founders to protect the town?" Jeremy pressed.  "No, it's not. Those who "founded" the town which by the way already had people here for 800 plus years, did so after locking a slew of vampires in a cave, stealing their land and property, and then calling themselves the founders. I'm sorry to be blunt, but sometimes history is a pretty lie piled on top of ugly truths," Klaus informed them.  "That's not true! I mean, is it?" Tyler exclaimed.  "Boys, it was 150 years ago. Let it go. Your job is to be high school students. Period. The town and your sister, Jeremy, are protected. Please, not more sleuthing, okay? Let that to Scooby Doo," Klaus laughed.  Tyler and Jeremy laughed, too.  "I saw it with Henrik and Finn. It wasn't bad," Klaus admitted. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson Garage Kol was tired. He took one last bag of garbage out to the garage. He didn't need the light on to see the scratches on the SUV.  Did Niklaus wreck? Then Kol remembered that the older kids had been taking the bigger car.  "Nik! You better come out here," Kol called.  Klaus came out, "What it is?" "Ah, did you wreck?" Kol asked running his hand over the scratches.  "No, hit that light, would you?" Klaus said.  "It looks like it scraped again metal," Kol said after turning on the light.  "Brother, can you go call Matt and Tyler? They are the ones who drive this thing. I'm going to check with Elijah," Klaus said.  Kol laughed, "You know Mr. Safety wouldn't wreck." "That's what I'm afraid of," Klaus said quietly.  A few minutes later, Tyler and Matt were shifting from foot to foot. Matt was furious about the whole thing. Kol vamped out when he saw the guilty looks on their faces.  "Good luck, lads!" Kol said.  "Matthew, I can hear your heart beating. Would one of you just tell me what happened, for God's sake?" Klaus asked tiredly.  Tyler flushed, he figured he should do it since it was pretty much he fault they were here.  "Look, Dad, he did actually wreck, but it's much fault," Tyler started to explain.  "Oh, this sounds like a good one. I can't wait to hear it," Klaus commented.  "It was the night when Uncle Kol was at the cave. You told us to go straight home," Matt started. "And we were hungry so everyone talked Matt into going through a drive thru. He didn't make the turn. Dad, he wanted to tell you and I wouldn't let him. I swear it," Tyler admitted.  "Matthew, why didn't you just tell me the truth?" Klaus asked.  Matt was in a conundrum. If he told the truth, he would have to admit that he had withheld some of the dirty magazines in the stash from Tyler's dad, the late Mayor Lockwood. Tyler had threatened to tell his dad his had them. Matt really didn't know what to say. "I don't know," Matt said slowly.  Klaus walked over to a shelf of boxes and started digging through them.  "Dad, what are you looking for?" Tyler asked nervously. He had an idea, but was hoping he was wrong. "I will know when I find it," Klaus said, still digging. "You two can come over here and bend over the work bench. Yes, that should be a perfect height," Klaus speculated.  "What about three strikes?" Tyler whined.  "I think you are at about five or six strikes right now, so if I was you, I would just pull down those jeans and stay quiet. You can leave up your briefs," Klaus announced.  Matt glared at Tyler as they both dropped their pants and bent over on their elbows. They were uncomfortably close together. Tyler's heart was now racing, too. He knew threatening Matt was a crappy thing to do. Also, it was a stupid thing as vampire eyesight was sharp and there was no way that the scrap would not eventually be noticed.  "Dad, I'm sorry. We should have just told you that night," Tyler admitted.  "Yes, Son, you should have. I am still waiting for the truth to come out. But don't worry, it shall," Klaus promised. "Ah, here we go," Klaus said. He was hefting another of Alaric's relics. Matt and Tyler both turned to look. It just looked similar to the paddleball ball except holes were drilled into it.  "Boys, yes, this is another relic. Another so called toy that will inspire you to tell me the truth. This one is a Jokari paddle, sadly for you, someone took the time to drill holes in it. I want you to count. I'm not going to tell you how many because that depends on when you want to tell me the truth," Klaus said.  Klaus came behind Matt and lined up the round paddle on his white briefs, he tapped it three times.  "Ready? I want you to count," Klaus said tapping a little harder. Thwack! "Ugh," Matt lost the ability to form words for a moment. The blow from the paddle felt like a thousand hornets stinging at once.  "I didn't hear you, Son. I'll repeat that," Klaus said tapping again and then bringing down the the paddle on the center of his behind.Thud! "Ah, one," Matt gasped, he was shocked at the stinging. Tears coursed down his face. Matt couldn't understand how it could sting so sharply. "Okay, Tyler, your turn," Klaus said patting his cotton covered backside with the heavy, round racquet like toy.  Whack! "Argggh, ONE!" Tyler ground out through clenched teeth.  Klaus went back to Matt, he put his left hand on his lower back and tap, tap, tapped the paddle a few times. Matt shifted and squeezed his eyes shut. He was going to kill Tyler when this was over. Pop! "Twoooooo," Matt wailed. This was nothing like the other times Matt got paddled. He couldn't take it.  SWAT!"OH MY GODDD, THRE-," Matt sobbed. Klaus pulled down his briefs to check for any bruises. The area was a bright red with white areas from the holes. Klaus didn't think he could take the ten he was planning.  Klaus moved on to Tyler, and also put his hand on his back. He tapped his bottom a few times.  Smack!"FUCK! Two," Tyler screamed.  "Son, that doesn't count. Try again," Klaus said firmly.Whack! "Two," Tyler cried. Klaus slipped down his briefs and also saw some areas that looked like they were going to bruise. With Tyler though, his werewolf healing would kick in. Matt would not have that luxury. Klaus swatted Matt again with could barely speak and Tyler once more.  "Tyler, you want to tell me the truth," Klaus asked. He popped Tyler one more time with the paddle. Smack! "Matt wanted to tell youuuu, b-but I told him that I'll tell on him about something he did. I can't tell you or I'll be snitching on him. S-Sorry, D-Dad, p-please no more with that t-thing," Tyler begged.  "Okay, shhh, Tyler. It's okay," Klaus said patting his back.  "Matt, are you ready to tell me the truth?" Klaus said patting his bottom with the paddle. "Y-Yes! I kept some of the pornos from Tyler's stash. They are under my bed. I'm s-sorry," Matt cried. "That's it? Tyler, you blackmailed him with that?" Klaus was almost incredulous.  He put the paddle down on another work bench. He peeled down both of their briefs. Both boys thought that they were getting spanked more and began to sob and protest. "Shh, I'm just going to look for something to put on this. Give me a minute, please," Klaus said. Klaus did see a small bruise forming on Matt's left cheek and on both of Tyler's. The human eye probably couldn't see that, but Klaus could. He grabbed some regular lotion and carefully smoothed it on Matt first and then Tyler. Tyler's healed by the time he was done.  "Go ahead and pull up your pants," Klaus ordered. Klaus knew it would be uncomfortable, but they were in the garage and anyone could walk in at anytime.  "Guys, turn around, please," Klaus said softly.  Both boys were wiping their faces. Klaus gave them some tissues to blow their noses. He gave them a second and then opened up his arms to both of them.  "I wish you would have just told me the truth that night," Klaus lamented.  "Me, too," Matt said glaring at Tyler. "Matthew, I'm not saying a word about the magazines. If you want to keep them, that is your business. Tyler, I think you owe your brother a big apology for blackmailing him. That is not how we act in this family. I'm giving you a second strike for that. I know you feel like you can't take another spanking right now, but I guarantee you that your bottom will be healed by bedtime. One more strike and I will not hesitate to put your over my knee, do you understand?"  "Yes, Dad. I'm sorry. I don't know why I did it," Tyler concluded.  "Dad, sorry that we disobeyed in the first time. I shouldn't have let myself get talked into it. I wanted to tell you about the car so bad," Matt admitted.  "Hey, guys, I hope to never have to use that paddle on you again, but from now on, that is what lying is going to get you. Believe me, I had planned on ten swats. We barely made it to three or four smacks over your briefs. I love you and it hurts me when you lie to me. I don't care about some paint on the car, but I told you to go home that night because it was getting late and I didn't want you out on the roads. Would I have been disappointed if you told me that night? Yes, I'm sure. Would you have gotten spanked? I don't know, but I know it wouldn't have been as rough as this, okay?" Klaus admitted. "Sorry," Tyler said again.  "Now go finish your homework or go rest, I'll be up to check in a little while," Klaus said hugging them both tightly again. Klaus picked up the Jokari paddle and brought it into the kitchen, he stuck it on top of the fridge with the other relic Alaric gave him.  Elijah came in, "What'd you do to Matt and Tyler? They looked like they got ran over with a truck." Klaus took the heavy wooden Jokari and handed it to Elijah. "I just beat the truth about the SUV scratches out of them with that. I don't know why they don't just realize it's easier to tell the truth the first time," Klaus said dropping into a chair. Elijah got him a blood bag and tossed it at him. He typically put it in a cup, but this time, Klaus just drained it.  "They are kids, they don't want to get punished at all, it's human nature, we did the same things, Brother," Elijah assured him.  "I know. Hey, can you engage your tailor soon? We can get the boys new suits for the adoption ceremony? The works. All of us, perhaps? I know that will cost a pretty penny," Klaus admitted.  "Speaking of our pretty Penny, do you think she should transfer to Finn and Henrik's school? She's so quiet, it's hard to get a feel for her. She opens up with the dog, though," Elijah added.  "Yes, let's talk to her about it tomorrow. It would be better to have her at the private school. How did Kol do today?" Klaus asked. "He did well, though he complained and rolled his eyes all day. I really think Freya's salve kept his backside sore enough to behave himself. I promised him another spanking tonight. Unless you want to be the one to put him to bed with a warm backside?" Elijah suggested.  "A few smacks with that Jokari should do the trick. Yes, I'll handle our naughty, maid-eating brother tonight. You spend some extra time with Vanessa. I don't know what we would do without her, quite frankly. Though, we thrashed Kol hard for turning her," Klaus mused.  Freya came in from the garage, "Niklaus, how'd you like the muffin this time?"  "It was delicious," Klaus fibbed.  "Is that why the dog jumped up on the counter and ate it?" Freya laughed.  "Wait! What's the penalty for lying now, Niklaus?" Elijah said picking up the Jokari and winking at Freya.  "Oh hell, no!" Klaus said, vamping up to his bedroom. He wanted to call Cami and see if they could go out this weekend. He felt that he had so much to tell her. Freya and Elijah just laughed and shook their head.  Freya knew Klaus hated her healthy muffins, but he wouldn't admit it to her.   Elijah stated, "What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander." Freya just said, "Don't tempt me. I can't make any more of that damn salve. I'm running out of herbs." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Second FloorMatt's backside was throbbing in his jeans.  All he wanted to do was lay down on his stomach. Tyler did stop him at the top of the stairs.  "I'm sorry. You were right. We should have just told him. You still mad, bro?" Tyler asked. "No, you got an extra swat with that beast.  My ass has never hurt this bad from three smacks before," Matt admitted.  "That was brutal. I deserved it, man, you didn't. I know I'm probably healing faster than you, but I gotta lay down, if we're good?" Tyler said.  "We're good and Ty, I could have say no to the drive thru, okay. I didn't so that is on me. For real," Matt confirmed.  Jeremy was in their bedroom.  "Damn, what happened to you?" Jeremy asked.  Matt took off his jeans and got on top of his bed face down. "You ever want to lie to Dad, don't," Matt said covering his face with his arm.  Jeremy looked down at his screen. He was researching the records of the historical society and his ancestor, Jonathon Gilbert. Dad had said to drop it, but he just wanted to know a little more about his relatives. Looking over at Matt, he was concerned.  "You want to be alone? I can do this later, man," Jeremy offered.  Matt nodded. Jeremy thought he heard him crying as he left. He wasn't sure what happened. He'd ask Tyler or him later. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Thursday EveningMikaelson Mansion Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010 Tyler, Connor, and Erik's room (2nd floor) Tyler came in the boys' bedroom walking stiffly.  Connor and Erik exchanged a look. They could tell he had just been crying.  "Hey," Tyler said. He appreciated how these guys weren't nosey and always trying to talk about everything.  "You wanna play?" Connor said indicating the controller. Erik was adjusting Sadie's collar. Tyler went to pet the dog and winced, his ass hurt and burned. "Aren't you like grounded or anything after getting suspended?" Tyler asked.  "I don't reckon I am. I mean, I have to talk to that asshole tomorrow, but that's it," Connor admitted ruefully.  "Huh," Tyler said, "Yeah, I'll play. Give me a minute." Tyler wanted to see if his ass was as bruised as it felt. He went into the bathroom, which had a bigger mirror above the twin sinks and carefully checked. It looked like there were slight bruises that were fading already. He rubbed the area and sucked in his breath, it still hurt on the right side. He came out rubbing his backside sheepishly. There was no point in trying to hide what happened. "Sorry," Tyler said, "Matt and I just got busted for wrecking the car. Stupid of me.... I should have just let Matt tell like he wanted to."  Tyler carefully sat on the couch, favoring his left side. He could tell her was healing. He felt worse for the fact that Matt wasn't. "Oh yeah, that sucks," Erik said, pushing back his hair.  "When are getting a haircut? Or we'll get you one of those hair things, a scrunchie, right? My girlfriend will lend you one," Tyler laughed. "Shut up, Ty. The ladies love the long hair. With the accent, I'm going to be getting lucky any week now," Erik laughed.  "Well, there are rubbers in that top drawer. Feel free to use them, I'm not getting that much myself these days," Tyler complained. He set up the game that they usually played.  "Do we even want to know this story?" Connor asked.  "Nah, it's just timing, location, pregnancy scare, people always around, and everything going on. Like, Erik, did you know we can turn a girl if we get her pregnant? Connor, I think you have to trigger your curse first," Tyler mentioned.  "No shit," Erik replied, "I didn't know nothing about that."  "Yeah, I didn't either until, you know, I thought I was having a baby wolf, or wolves," Tyler said.  "It's funny that we now have a sister who is half Guerrera wolf," Erik mused. "Yeah, until she rips someone's throat out," Connor responded.  "I fucking hope not here," Tyler said alarmed.  "Yeah, me too, but that Guerrera prick I killed was a tough bastard. I am wonder if it was her daddy. I mean, what kind of kid does that?" Erik asked.  "Man, if you did, you didn't know. You were saving your mom's life," Tyler reminded him.  "Yeah, I guess. With her line of work, that was a daily occurrence. You said your ma is the mayor?" Erik pressed.  "Yeah, she's real busy. I guess she's always been busy, to be honest. When my dad was alive, he was the mayor and she used to do charity stuff. My dad was only interested in me when I did football and even that used to piss him off. I'm not complaining about growing up in a mansion, but most of the time it was me and a housekeeper, if that. The place got creepy at night," Tyler recalled.  "Dude, you are totally complaining about growing up in a mansion, but that's okay. It doesn't sound great," Erik said.  "Thanks, man. I used to try to get Matt and even, well you knew her, Vicky to come over at night. But my parents were such snobs, I think they were afraid they'd like steal the silver or something. So I'd just try to stay in my room and not freak out every time I heard a noise," Tyler remembered.  "We basically grew up in shitty motels. Never a dull moment there, brother! The pimps, whores, thieves, cons, deals, and sometimes cops were in and out of our lives were like characters in a movie. And the noise! Here, it's so quiet. Damn, if those folks could see us now, Erik, they would shit gold," Connor laughed.  "Watch your language. I ain't aiming to get licked again. Plus, I just realized, I didn't do none of my homework," Erik remembered getting up.  "What you going?" Tyler asked.  "My book bag is downstairs," Erik said, "Come on, Sadie." The dog followed him downstairs.  "Sorry, I don't think he likes talking about the past. I don't really know what happened when we got separated and he came up this way. I asked him and I'm not even sure he remembers," Connor said, glancing at Tyler.  "Really? Dad said there's not many wolves left. They were almost hunted to extinction by vamps. Maybe Erik was drawn here, to a pack, since you were away? I don't know," Tyler speculated.  "Maybe. Can I ask you something?" Connor asked checking to make sure the door was closed.  "Yeah, anything, man. I mean that," Tyler said, pausing the game. "Being here, seems almost too good to be true. Like I don't get why Klaus Mikaelson, the hybrid, would want to adopt me, us. What's in it for him?" Connor asked sincerely.  "Yeah, huh...He just like became our dad, when we needed him. The shit that happened when we first got here, like me, Jer and Matt, was unreal, but through it all, Klaus just, I don't know, like became my real dad. I feel guilty because my bio dad just died. And I am sad about that, I am. But there's a part of me that resented my real dad, the way he ignored me, yelled at me when I screwed up at football, and just acted like I got in the way. I never feel things here. I mean, I know my parents loved me in their own way, but it's like they couldn't show it. Again, man, I'm sorry. I know it's probably hard for you to relate to this rich asshole who was a bully," Tyler frowned.  "You were a bully?" Connor asked surprised.  "I was. Sometimes I still have to fight it, I get this urge to say mean things or hurt people. I don't know where it comes from. Maybe it was growing up with an untriggered wolf who didn't know he was a wolf? My dad was a bully, but that's just an excuse. I guess the truth is that when Klaus took me in, he showed me what unconditional love is. Even when I screw up and he sets me straight, I don't feel like he judges me or takes away his...love," Tyler finished. He felt weird saying love so many times, but that was what he felt here: unconditional love. He had never really put it into words, but there it was. So much for Connor and him not talking about this junk.  "What about the other guys?" Connor asked.  "That's what's weird. Jeremy had like the nicest parents ever. His dad was the town doctor and everyone loved them, but I think for him, after they died, he got out of control. Dad reigned him in. For Matt, he was pretty much on his own, so this is new. You know, having someone care.  Connor, I don't think you need to feel insecure and question this. Dad and Uncle Elijah have set up education funds for us and legal paperwork to ensure that we are always taken care of," Tyler shared.  "I guess I just ain't used to people doing things for free. Like why'd you want a bunch of ornery kids, who half the time don't mind and the other half just fuck up?" Connor demanded. "I honestly have no idea," Tyler admitted, unpausing the game.  Outside Finn and Henrik's room (2nd floor)"Did you hear back from Finn's teacher?" Vanessa asked Elijah quietly as they were leaving after putting the boys to bed that night.  "Yes, she said after that one morning where he refused to do his work and she kept him in for recess, no issues. They have conferences in a few weeks, so I'm sure we'll learn more there," Elijah replied.  "Oh, I'm glad. That was so unlike him.  But if it happens again, I'm not going to stop you from smacking his behind. When these kids get to high school and college, it's a little harder to get them to do their work. I don't want Finn to be one who gets a 0.0 just because he's lazy," Vanessa shared.  "You know, my brother said he'd take care of Kol tonight. That means I get to take care of you. I'm thinking massage, and-" Elijah suggested.  "Stop it, you tease. That last time you said that, we both fell asleep! And you made me watch Murder She Wrote," Vanessa complained.  "I'm not tired now, my dear. Say, I think Niklaus has a bottle of Domaine Leroy Volnay-Santenots hidden, I'll be back," Elijah smirked.  "Sounds expensive. Get it," Vanessa agree. Elijah didn't tell her that it was almost $6000 a bottle.  She was still a little taken aback by the lavish way the Mikaelson's lived. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Great Room (First Floor) Thursday, 9:52 pmKol was sprawled out on the couch in the great room. He was staring at the ceiling though some sports game was on.  "What's the score?" he heard. "My love," Kol said seeing her. Davina smiled and sat down on the edge of the couch.  "Thank you for the rose," Davina said softly, looking around to make sure no one was around.  "They are all upstairs, except Freya," Kol said. "It was beautiful," Davina said referring to a white rose Kol left on her pillow.  "Like you. How'd you know it was me?" Kol asked. "It was sweet of you to leave Penny that candy. She was so happy. I think she thought it was from her brothers, I couldn't tell her the truth," Davina admitted.  "You girls keep your room so clean. You should have seen the boys' room. I think I need therapy now," Kol smiled.  "You had to clean?" Davina asked in surprised amusement.  "Well, I ate the cleaning crew so yeah, I had to, it was hell," Kol lamented.  "Kol!" Davina said smacking his leg.  "Owww, believe me, I am being punished. Do you know how much laundry there is to do around here?," Kol questioned.  "You deserve it. I heard we all have to clean more now. I guess this explains it. Seriously, that was really bad," Davina scolded.  "I know. I miss you so much. It's like every time I see you, my heart gets ripped out of my chest. Shit, Elijah's coming. You better go. I have to go to, I'm not exactly off the hook yet," Kol said.  He grabbed her hand a minutes on the back of the couch. He sat up and she leaned over to kiss him. They couldn't pull away in time.  "Davina, dear, it's almost ten. I think you should be in bed by now," Elijah reminded her.  Davina flushed and scurried off.  "And Niklaus will be expecting you. I mentioned a few of the extras you earned, but I'm going to let you tell him how you were just kissing the Harvest witch when she ought to be in bed," Elijah said sternly.  "Elijah, no, please!" Kol argued.  "Kol, also, there's a new paddle Niklaus acquired on the top of the refrigerator. Bring that up with you. Hurry now, it's almost ten. You don't want an extra spanking do you?" Elijah warned.  "For what?" Kol said getting up quickly.  "For now being ready for bed at 10, I'd hurry if I were you," Elijah cautioned.  Kol grabbed Klaus' newest silly paddle and vamped upstairs. Where did the man constantly get these toys turned into weapons? Did he not see the irony? Here's a fun family game, but I shall later soundly beat said family with it...Kol vamped up to Nik's room and knocked.  "Brother, it is I," Kol said. Klaus opened the door and welcomed him in. "I guess I'll just get this over with. Elijah just caught Davina and me kissing in the great room. It was one kiss," Kol confessed.  "You know, Brother, I grow more and more sympathetic about love, the more I get to know this Camille.  She is well, an angel to the demon inside of me. But enough about me. We are here to discuss your recent, shall we say, misbehaviors," Klaus announced.  "Did you ever have to clean under Elijah's thumb? Nik, it was like nothing I did was good enough. He almost smacked me when I laughed at his folding board thing. Does he think he works at the Gap? I had to scrub the baseboards. And the dog? I like the dog, but the fur is everywhere-," Kol ranted.  "Brother, are you quite done? You don't even seem ready for bed," Klaus added.  "Sorry, mate. I didn't know I had a sharp 10pm bed time like one of the children, since I am actually over 1000 years old," Kol clarified.  "To us, you are our 17 year old brother, always and forever," Klaus said directing Kol over to the couch. "Do I always and forever have to get thrashed?" Kol challenged. "Always and forever is not just something you weasel out of, Brother," Klaus said taking the jokari paddle from Kol.  "Nik, remember I have to face Freya tomorrow. You know she's going to really give it to me," Kol whined.  "You did murder four people," Klaus reminded him as he sat down on the couch.  Kol didn't really have a response for that. Klaus tugged down his sweat pants and boxers and turned him to the side. Kol's pants fell down to his knees and he just stepped out of them and moved them aside.  "Time to take care of that. Over my knees," Klaus said arranging him so his hands were on the floor, but his legs were on the couch. Kol wouldn't be able to push himself up in this position.  Kol groaned, "My favorite position, staring at the ground with my arse up in the air about to be battered."  "Alaric gifted me this paddle. Another relic from the high school, I warned the boys I'd use it again if they lied. But I think it may have been a touch too severe. For that reason, I'm not going to use any magical or herbal concoctions and let you heal, but this is going to hurt," Klaus said picking up the paddle. Kol wasn't too worried about this new relic. It looked similar in shape to Klaus' other wooden instrument. That thing stung, but didn't hurt badly. Pop! Kol heard the loud pop and then felt a tremendous burn.  "Owwww. What?" Kol said trying to turn to look.  "Eyes forward. I told you this would hurt. I think it's the holes and the weight," Klaus guessed.  Pop! The paddle covered Kol's entire backside in a sting that seemed like a thousand suns.  "Jeez, Nik, this really burns," Kol gasped.  Pop! Klaus was giving him time to breath and process each whack. "It will be quick, Brother," Klaus promised. He took care not to smack down too hard, but even so this paddle seemed electric.  Pop! Kol tried to shift and get out of position, but Klaus' arm already had him locked into lying flat over his lap.  Pop! Kol kicked and moaned something like 'oh my god.'  Pop! Kol was really starting to thrash, the burning was getting so intense that he couldn't stand it. He tried to kick but couldn't move his legs that much.  "S-Sorry, Nik, stop!" Kol groaned.  Pop! Klaus was just flicking his wrist. He was concerned that blisters were forming in the places were the holes were.  "Almost done," Klaus assured him.  Pop! Pop! Pop! Klaus finished with three taps. Kol burst into hysterical sobs as the pain was overwhelming.  "No more, Brother. That's it," Klaus rubbed his sore cheeks and felt the small welts and blisters caused by the drilled holes. The other parts of Kol's backside were mottled and a little blue and purple.  They were beveled so they didn't cut, but Klaus thought he might not ever use this on humans again. Not unless they were fully clothed. Kol tried to wipe his eyes with his hand.   "All done. Your backside is in quite a state. I think you might need some of that healing salve after all. Let me help you up," Klaus said with concern.  Kol slumped down and from a kneeling position gingerly touched his backside.  "Jesus, Niklaus. I know I k-killed some people but you never actually blistered me before," Kol stammered looking behind him.  "I'm sorry. I wasn't striking you hard. Let me get you-," Klaus stopped and cut open his wrist. "Take my blood," Klaus offered. Kol didn't hesitate to drink.  Klaus smoothed back his brother's hair. "Better?" Klaus asked.  "Aye, it's healing fast. Thanks," Kol said with relief. "Good," Klaus said with almost greater relief.  "You didn't use that on Tyler and Matt?" Kol asked as Klaus gave him a blanket off the back of the couch to cover himself with. "Over their drawers and only three or four times, not hard. I'm sorry though, I didn't mean to leave those welt and indents," Klaus confessed.  "Nearly gone. Before you feel guilty, I'll think about that paddle that next time I go to drink from the staff. You know, I did try to compel them, but they were on vervain. I kind of panicked and killed them. One was taking out her cell phone and calling someone," Kol explained.  "Really? The cleaners were on vervain. That's odd," Klaus said rubbing Kol's shoulders as Kol was still on the floor. Kol was still gingerly touching his rear, but afraid to sit.  "What is really odd is that I asked if they were on vervain and they acted like they had no idea what I was talking about. I even asked in Portuguese, no semblance of seeming to know about vervain," Kol revealed.  "Huh, that is very strange. Let me see," Klaus said. Kol pulled up the blanket in the back and revealed that his skin was still red, but smooth. "See? But that was one hell of a hidin', Nik. I swear the next person I go to drain, well, there won't be one mate, so if I desiccate, blame yourself," Kol quipped.  "Don't worry, little brother, Elijah will reanimate you with blood bags so you can keep at those baseboards. How about I try to talk Freya out of smacking you terribly hard tomorrow?" Klaus said with a smile.  "You can try, but I am not hopeful. Now, tell me about your Camille..." Kol said finally gettin up. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Early Friday MorningFinn and Henrik's room (2nd Floor)"Daddy! Vanessa! Wake up, hurry," Finn said bursting into their room.  "What's wrong, Finn?" Elijah said getting up.  "Henrik's having a nightmare!" Finn yelled tugging on Vanessa's sleeve.  "We're coming," Vanessa said putting on a robe. Elijah vamped to the younger boys' room.  "Henrik, Son, wake up. You're dreaming," Elijah said shaking the boy lightly. His eyes were opened, but he was looking through Elijah.  "The doppelgänger must die. It is time to vígr... the gylðir, she's a ulf. I am hræddr.  Brothers, don't leave me. She is coming, the hórdómr. The völva must help, it is time... for griða-lauss..."  "Elijah, what is he saying?" Vanessa said tightening her robe.  "I don't know. He's speaking Old Norse mixed with English. The double must die. Something about a whore coming and a witch helping? There is no treaty. "It is dreyrugr..." Elijah paused in confusion, "It is 'bloodstained?' I have no idea what he means. Let's try to wake him again."  Elijah gently shook him.  "Daddy, what's happening? Where am I?" Henrik said, starting to cry. Finn and Vanessa were standing there, arm in arm, they looked scared.   "You're all right. We're here," Elijah said hugging him and looking at Vanessa.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^It was impossible to get the boys back to sleep in their own room. Vanessa suggested just letting them sleep in Elijah and her bed. In between them, they did fall asleep fast. Elijah couldn't help but being disturbed.  "Do you think it's his witchcraft breaking through?" Vanessa inquired in a whisper.  "I have no idea. It's like he's just become a regular, little boy these last months. I was so grateful that he forgot about, well everything. Finn, too. That was definitely Old Norse...ulf, that means wolf. I hope it was just a dream. Let's get some sleep and we'll talk to everyone in the morning," Elijah said wearily.  Vanessa reached over the boys and grabbed his hand. Whatever it was, they could handle it, together.  Friday MorningKlaus and Kol talked late into the night, they also drank. Klaus was hoping Elijah and Freya didn't find out about that. He knew he was supposed to be discipling Kol for his murderous spree. But as soon as he felt those welts, he was done.  Klaus' mind also dwelt on the story Kol told him about the cleaners being on vervain. Vervain was rare and usually only used in hunter and vampire associate circles. He made a note to speak to Elijah about it. "Boys, have all your books?" Klaus asked.  "Yeah, Dad. I think we're good. Can we go out to the Grill after school?" Tyler asked.  "Sure, but if everyone doesn't want to go, drop them off and then you can go back. Don't force Davina to go, okay?" Klaus warned.  "I wouldn't do that. She's already in the car and she's going to start honking if we don't hurry up. I think Jeremy is holding her back," Tyler smiled.  "Good luck with that. Have a good day, Son," Klaus said hugging him.  "Connor, you okay to talk to that boy? If anything happens, call me. I will be there immediately, okay, Son?" Klaus promised.  "Yes, sir. Thank you. I'm sure it will be okay," Connor replied.  "Erik, you got all your homework done?" Klaus asked carefully. "Yes, sir. I think so," Erik responded looking down.  Klaus gave him a knowing look and said, "I'm here if you need anything.""Thank you, sir," Erik said walking out to the SUV in the garage.   "Matt, you okay after yesterday?" Klaus asked. "Sore. But sorry I let myself be pushed around, though. I don't know. I have another science test today. Kind of nervous," Matt admitted.  "Okay, I should have checked in on you earlier yesterday. You were sleeping when I looked in," Klaus said pulling him in tight.  "I'm good. Thanks, Dad," Matt said, grabbing his stuff and leaving as someone started honking. Elijah had warned them to stop doing that as the younger kids didn't start school until later, but they pulled out before Klaus could go out and say something. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah shared what happened the night before with Henrik with Klaus and Freya. Klaus shared what Kol told him about the cleaners being on vervain.  "Something feels off," Klaus reported. But then, Vanessa brought the youngest three down for breakfast.  "Penny, you look very pretty this morning," Elijah said. She wore a blue dress that mirrored her deep blue eyes. Blár popped into his head, dark blue in Norse.  "Thank you," she said quietly. "You know you can talk to us about anything going on, right?" Elijah asked her.  "Okay," Penny replied, eating her cereal.  Then, Henrik and Finn started arguing and he turned his attention away from her.  Friday MorningGuerrera Lab40 miles outside of New Orleans, LouisianaMarcel couldn't believe what he was seeing. This looked like some kind of a prison camp for wolves.  There were kennels here, rows and rows of them. By the time Marcel and his guys got there, the young wolves were all dead."What is this place?" Diego asked in disgust. To a vampire, it smelled worse than anything, it was like wet fur, spoiled blood, and decay. "I think this must be where the Guerrera's were trying to turn the kids into soldiers in their army. It looks like they tortured them. What is this? A cattle prod. Oh my god, they were just kids," Marcel replied in horror. He went to answer his phone, it was Rebekah.  "What?  You found more of them? Rebekah, this is horrific. Penny was in a place like this. What? No, we didn't find a lab, we'll keep looking. Be careful, I have a really bad feeling about this. Love you, too," Marcel said as he hung up.  "Marcel, come here," Diego called.  This was it. The lab.   "What are these? Dental chairs? It looks like they were injected the people strapped to them with something. All these tubes. Let's get some samples of this stuff," Marcel said wading through the crushed glass and bent metal.  The last of the Guerreras rejected any pretense of a treaty. They wanted all their young wolves back. Marcel knew that the only one they had was Penny.  What had they done to her when she was here? Marcel wasn't sure he wanted to find out.  He was done with all of this. He longed to be with his family again and Davina, but none of them were safe until they eliminated the Guerreras. They were truly a bunch of beasts and the full moon was coming. It was always coming too fast. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday MorningMystic Falls High School"I can't believe I have to do this," Connor muttered as he got out of the SUV. The last thing he wanted to do was apologize to that idiot Ronald for bullying him. But he had promised Klaus he would talk to the kid about pushing him. "Hey, want me to come? If he gets mouthy, we'll kick his ass. You can trigger your curse on him," Tyler laughed.  "Jesus, do you ever stop, Ty? We know you're a big bad wolf now. You don't have to keep bragging," Matt said slamming the door.  Jeremy and Tyler looked at each other in confusion. Tyler stayed to get out his backpack and lock up the car.  "You alright, Matt?" Jeremy asked quietly.  "Yeah, it's just he goes out of his way to be a dick sometimes about...I don't know. Erik doesn't act like that," Matt ranted.  "You mean, about being stronger and having werewolf abilities?" Jeremy asked.  "Yeah, I don't know why it irritates me. Actually, I do know. This whole thing with the car and Tyler blackmailing me...I told him I'm over it, but every time I think of it, it pisses me off more," Matt confided.  "I think Ty just shows off for Connor and Erik. Ironically, they are not the kind to push other people around without being taunted first, I just hope they don't take a cue from Ty and start," Jeremy said glancing back at Tyler, Connor, and Erik.  "Me, too, man," Matt agreed.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Connor spotted Ronald from across the parking lot.  "I better do this alone, I reckon," Connor said to his brother and Tyler. Ronald saw him coming and looked around nervously.  "I ain't going to do nothin'. Just coming over to talk," Connor said with his hands up.  "What do you want?" Ronald sneered. His red hair was sticking up and he looked a little wild.  "Look, I'm sorry about pushing you on Wednesday. I shouldn't have put my hands on you. I apologize," Connor said plainly.  "Yeah, you shouldn't have. You're lucky I wasn't injured. My uncle is a lawyer and he would sue your ass," Ronald threatened.  "Okay, you're pissed. I get it. Can you get that I don't like being fucking laughed at all the time for shit I can't rightly control?" Connor asked in a low voice.  "Yeah, fine," Ronald said walking away.  "Good," Connor said standing there watching him. That actually went better than he imagined.  "Better?" Davina asked, coming from behind him.  "You didn't do a spell on him did you?" Connor asked suspiciously.  "I did a calming spell on both of you. Did it work?" Davina inquired. "Yeah, I think that went real good. I still don't like the guy, but I ain't gonna rip his head off today," Connor smiled.  "Well, that is a start," Davina laughed. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionFriday mid-morning"I'm not making excuses for Kol, but it just strikes me as odd that the maids were on vervain. I mean how many people have tried to infiltrate our security to get to us?" Klaus postulated.  "It's fine with me. As long as Kol helps me make some of my remedies today and he behaves himself, he is safe from my spoon," Freya promised.  "Behaves himself? Well, he's doomed then. I did try," Klaus offered.  "Niklaus! You treat Kol as if he is incapable of controlling himself and acting as an adult. Did you ever consider that if you expect more out of people, they may actually rise to your expectations rather than disappoint you?," Freya asked stopping what she was doing and fixing him with her gave. "No, Freya, I have not. I have been wounded too many times but those I dared trust. They say that the passage of time will heal all wounds, but the greater the loss the deeper the cut," Klaus deflected. His cell phone rang.  Freya took out the dog and when she came back, Klaus said, "Matt is sick. He has a fever. I'm going to go pick him up at school."  "Oh no, I'll make him a remedy. I have just the right. You know, he hasn't been himself," Freya said thoughtfully. "Is Kol even awake? So much for my helper today." Mystic Falls High SchoolKlaus signed Matt out of the nurse's office. He grabbed his backpack. "What happened? Did you just get sick, Son?" Klaus said restraining himself from feeling his forehead until they got out of the high school. Klaus said Alaric running out.  "Ric, everything okay?" Klaus called.  "Jenna's in labor. It's go time," Alaric responded.  Matt and Klaus smiled at each other.  "I think she was to be induced on Monday anyway," Klaus said guiding Matt through the doors.  "Sorry, to be a pain. I felt okay this morning, then it just hit me in gym class hard," Matt croaked out.  "Is your throat sore? You don't sound too good. I'm sorry to say that Freya is making you some herbal concoction. If that doesn't work, I'll call the doctor, okay?" Klaus promised.  Klaus opened the door of the Porsche for Matt. Matt seemed to wince when he got in.  "Matthew, is your backside still sore from yesterday?" Klaus asked with alarm.  "Just on one side," Matt admitted, shifting in his seat.  Klaus felt awful, "I'm so sorry, Matt." He should have checked him last night. Even if he had to wake up. And had Matt been ill last night?  "Dad, I'm just hot and tired. Let's just go home," Matt said.  "Of course," Klaus said shutting the door.  Mikaelson Mansion Freya shooed them upstairs when they got in. She took Matt's temperature and it was 101 degrees.  Klaus helped him get undressed. He knew Matt was really sick because he let Klaus help him with little protest. Klaus checked and saw the bruise on Matt's right side and felt sick himself. He waited to give Matt his blood until Freya came in.  "Freya, do you think my blood would help?" Klaus asked his eldest sister.  "Give it a try. I don't think it will hurt. Here, add it to this tea," Freya suggested. Klaus bit into his wrist and added a few drops of blood. "Matt, sip this," Freya said softly after they got him in bed. Matt drank the foul tasting brew and laid back in the pillows.  "A flu?" Klaus asked.  "I think so. Let's let him rest," Freya whispered.  Klaus leaned over and kissed Matt on his burning forehead. "I'm going to make another brew I just thought about. I sent Kol out to the garden to get some herbs. By the way, I need a greenhouse. What's wrong, little Brother. He'll be fine," Freya smiled.  "I have to do something," Klaus said as they got in the kitchen. He grabbed the two paddles Alaric had given him from the top of the refrigerator and took them into the garage. He threw them in the garbage can by the recycling bin. So much for historical relics, he thought. Then, Klaus remembered that Jenna was in labor. He texted Jeremy and Elena to see if they heard anything.  Kol came in the side door carrying a bunch of plants and flowers. "What are you doing?" Kol asked. Klaus was on his phone, but looked distraught.  "Jenna is in labor, I was texting Matt. And you were right about that damn paddle. I bruised Matt, who is sick and feverish right now. I threw it in the bin. I'm no better than Mikael was, bruising Matt, leaving blisters on you-," Klaus lamented.  Kol tossed down the herbs and grabbed Klaus hard, "Niklaus, don't ever say that. We're okay. You are a wonderful father. You are nothing like Mikael! Do you hear me?" Kol shook him and then pulled him into a tight embrace.  Klaus' head was lowered, "But..." "But...nothing. Everyone makes mistakes. We're fine. Okay? Now who won't be fine is me and my arse if I don't get Freya her herbs hastily. Brother, we need you. You can't fall apart," Kol urged. Kol knew how Klaus could get overwhelmed with guilt and regret and spiral into despair. He had seen it before, but not for a long time. That the strongest being on earth could be so fragile at times astonished Kol, but he couldn't let his brother flounder. They did need him. Klaus nodded and kissed him on the top of his head. "You're okay?" Klaus asked.  "Aye, we're all fine," Kol said grabbing the herbs and leading Klaus to the kitchen.  "About time," Freya scolded until she saw Klaus' face. Kol shook his head so she wouldn't say anything.  "Can I take this up to Matthew?" Klaus asked eyeing the tray Freya had made. There was more tea, soup, toast, and a small bottle of medicine.  "Give him two drops of that tincture and the soup if he's up. I'll be up in a moment," Freya called. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah had been on the phone with Marcel.  "So you think there are multiple locations?" he asked.  "We found at least two of them. They must have been trying to make some kind of toxic werewolf venom. We're not really sure. Uncle Elijah, I feel like we're in over our heads here. This isn't just the Guerrera's trying to take over the Quarter, it feels like more," Marcel admitted.  "Indeed. Any luck on a truce with the French Quarter coven?" Elijah asked.  "Yeah, that's going pretty good. Why? Is Davina behaving herself? Is Kol?" Marcel asked.  "She's been fine. Very helpful with Penny. I know she misses her parents, though," Elijah informed him. He left out that he caught Davina and Kol kissing last night. What could Marcellus do about it from New Orleans? "We miss her a lot. Rebekah really wants her down here now. Maybe at the end of the school quarter? How's my dad?" Marcel asked.  "Good. He's been chatting quite a bit with your Father Kieran's niece, Camille. But with all the children, it's been a challenge for him to get out on a date. Maybe this weekend. Well, keep me posted. And Marcellus?" Elijah said lowering his voice.  "Yes, Uncle?" Marcel replied.  "Please beware of those Guerrera's, they are the most brutal of creatures," Elijah cautioned.  "We will," Marcel intoned.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Klaus sat by Matt's beside all afternoon as he sleep. His fever broke and he seemed to be in and out of dreams.  The doctors thought Jenna might have to have a C-section if the babies didn't move from the position they were in. Jeremy was planning to go to the hospital with Elena and Stefan after school.  "Dad? Were you here the whole time?" Matt whispered.  "Hey Matt, feeling any better? Here, have a drink," Klaus said giving him orange juice instead of that awful tea.  "Thanks. I feel better. I do," Matt said.  "Good. I love you, Son," Klaus said fondly.  "Me, too. Any word on the babies?" Matt asked.  "A few more hours. Try to sleep a little more," Klaus said. Matt did and Klaus kept his vigil. At one point, Vanessa opened the door and let Sadie in. She hopped up on the bed and fell asleep by Matt's feet. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Later that night Jeremy came home with the news that Jenna had given birth to a healthy boy and girl. "Congrats, Jeremy. You're a cousin now. How's Jenna?" Vanessa said. "I guess good, but still sleeping," Jeremy said, he was tired himself.  "Names?" Elijah asked.  "The boy is Alaric Grayson, but they will call him Gray, after my father. And the girl is Sommer Miranda, after my mom," Jeremy smiled.  "That's awesome. We have a gift. Maybe you can drop it off tomorrow?," Vanessa asked.  "Sure. How's Matt feeling?" Jeremy asked.  "Tired," Freya replied, "Jeremy, can you sleep in another room. With the babies, you shouldn't be around anyone sick."  "Ah, sure. I can sleep in Finn's old room," Jeremy suggested.  "Sounds good. And congratulations," Elijah said patting Jeremy on the shoulder. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^New Orleans Mikaelson CompoundFriday Night"What do you mean they can turn at will?" Marcel asked.  The wolf had been in the dungeon for a week now. One of Marcel's guys caught this rogue wolf sniffing around the cauldron. The wolf would only talk to Marcel. He had been busy and had just gotten around to interrogating this prisoner.  "I mean, the ones the Guerrara's shot up with that serum can turn at will. It doesn't need to be a full moon," she growled.  "That's impossible. Only a hybrid can do that. How do you know that?" Marcel asked incredulously.  "Because I'm one of them," she howled snapping the chained and sinking her teeth into Marcel's throat before he could vamp away. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionFriday night late"Penny, Penny, what's wrong? Are you having a bad dream?" Davina asked.  Penny had sat up in bed and was...growling.  Davina jumped out of bed in the darkness.  "Apné sà mene," Davina shouted out a boundary spell to protect her from Penny.  "Someone help!" Davina screamed.  But it was too late. Penny was...changing. The little girl turned into a beast and smashed through the glass of the balcony doors before anyone got there. Kol burst in first, "What happened, darling?" He felt the magical barrier she had erected and she let it drop.  Elijah and Klaus came in next.  "It's Penny. She changed...into a wolf and...," Davina said pointing at the shattered glass.  "I'll track her," Klaus said following and jumping down off the balcony after her.  "That's impossible!" Elijah said vamping to the doors. Just then his cell phone rang.  "Rebekah? Slow down. Marcellus? What? Penny, just changed. Davina is fine. Calm down. What?" Elijah said. He held the phone away from his ear.  "Marcellus got bitten by a rogue werewolf. This is the doing of the Guerrera's," Elijah announced.  Connor and Tyler came in the room.  "Where my sister? Where's Penny?" Connor shouted.  "Niklaus went to bring her back. Tyler, sit him down over there," Elijah demanded. Erik then came in.  "Erik, are you all right?" Elijah asked.  Kol was still comforting Davina. He looked at Erik in alarm.  "We ought to get him down to the basement in case he turns, too," Kol stated.  "You ain't chaining up my brother," Connor yelled.  "Connor, calm down and do as you are told. Kol has a point. He could turn at any second," Elijah said.  "No, dammit. You ain't gonna touch him," Connor screamed.  Elijah went to tell Connor to move back when Erik changed.  "Davina!" Kol whispered.  She yelled at everyone to move back and started to erect a barrier spell around him, but there was no time. Kol and Elijah vamped Connor, Tyler, and Davina into the bathroom. Erik turned into his wolf form and howled, but instead of going through the balcony, he went for Tyler and Connor. He broke through the bathroom door and bit Connor on the leg. Davina got knocked unconscious in the struggle. Kol did everything in his power to stop Davina from getting bitten.  "Argggh, stop, it's me, dumbass!" Connor howled.  Tyler pushed past Elijah who tried to restrain him and was bitten on the arm.  Elijah and Kol got the boys back and were bitten in multiple places until Erik turned and leaped out the balcony. When Klaus came back, he found his brothers already being affected by the werewolf venom, he healed them with his blood. He tried to heal Tyler and Connor, it wasn't working. Davina came to. "It's not working," Klaus said.  Davina looked up, "I need you need the blood of the doppelgänger. And she needs..." "To die," Elijah said.  "What?" Klaus asked.  "That prophecy? Henrik's. Niklaus, I think you need to turn the boys into hybrids. That may be the only way to save them," Elijah said. "But Connor hasn't even triggered his curse!" Klaus shouted in disbelief. "That's where I come in," a woman said coming in, she was holding Jeremy at knife point.  "Who the hell are you?" Kol asked.  Connor gasped, "Mama?" ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^On route to Mystic FallsRebekah booked a plane and had Marcel loaded on it as soon as possible. She had been feeding him her blood, but it wasn't helping. They always kept some of Klaus' blood in vials, just in case. It didn't seem to be working. Marcel was hallucinating. "Joe! Watch out, incoming," Marcel screamed.Marcel was back in the trenches. The Germans were firing night and day. His regiment, the Harlem Hell Fighters, fought hard. But they got the worst of everything, weapons, uniforms, supplies. And like the other soldiers in this summer of 1916, they were dying. But not Marcel, he was thirsty though. So thirsty. How could he feed in a trench? There was no privacy, no one alive enough to feed off of. The guys were sick, wounded, and as hungry as he was. If he could just snatch an enemy soldier and feed, he could win the war. Hans, hör auf! Du gehst mir auf den Keks. He could hear them, the enemy talking. About what, he couldn't make out, but so hungry. Papa, you were right, I should have stayed home. Now, I'll never make it again.  "Marcel! Wake up, you are dreaming," Rebekah was slapping his face. "Rebekah, oh my god, this venom. It's making me so thirsty. It's like I first turned. Where are we? Papa was right. I never should have joined up," Marcel said.  "Marcel, the Great War is over. It was a hundred years ago. I'm taking you to Papa now. He will help you. Shhh, shhh," Rebekah said, trying to get him to lay down again. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionFriday night late"Ma'am, would you like to explain yourself? I would hate to spray the wall will your blood in front of the children. And kindly let my son go. He has no part in this," Klaus ordered.  "Oh, but your sons have every part of this, Niklaus Mikaelson," the woman laughed.  "She ambushed us and was in the back of Elena's car at the hospital. Elena's tied up in her trunk," Jeremy rasped.  "Mama, tell us what's going on?" Connor demanded.  "I guess you have a right to know. To know who your real daddy is and why all this is going on. As you may or may not know. The Mikaelson's tried to wipe out the Guerrera's in the 1920s. They was unsuccessful, those wolves went underground with one wish, to kill every last Mikaelson and vamp alive. My kin was bayou wolves, nothing special, we mostly hid and tried to live free. One day when I was a girl, 16 or so, the Guerrera's found my pack. They slaughtered all but the females who could breed. What they didn't know, Connor, was that I was already pregnant. My man was a free wolf by the name of Ray Sutton," the woman paused and looked at Klaus.  "Ray Sutton, hmm," Klaus repeated.  "So they didn't know Connor, that you weren't no Guerrera beast. If I would have said, they would have thrown you to the gators in the swamp. As long as I was their slave, I could keep you. They used me to breed your brother and sister, they was true Guerreras now. Only once I was pregnant, would they whore me out to outsiders.  They planned to take the boys in and train them as soldiers when they turned about 15, after they triggered their curse. Almost all Guerrera's trigger early, the girls, the little girls like Penny, they use them to breed, even with each other," she paused and moved the knife a little lower on Jeremy's throat.  Kol grimaced, "You mean they interbreed wolves to make them stronger?"  The woman nodded, "I couldn't let that happen to my daughter."  "So that's why you sent us away?" Connor asked.  "Yes, but they caught your brother and got him. They figured how to make a serum. You see, your daddy died poorly. This man, your new daddy here, killed him. Tell him what you done," the woman demanded. "I was trying to make hybrids. This is when I was did not have my family by my side. I was trying to create an army. Ray was an accident. I thought it worked, but the spell didn't take," Klaus admitted.  "But the thing is, Mr. Original vampire, it did work party. Ray did become a hybrid of sorts and the Guerrera used his blood to make a serum that would create their own goddamn army. Now my kids are part of that army, but they will die like Connor's daddy if that double girl don't die. That is what is needed to complete the spell. And this boy's sister is just the double we need. Her death will save my kids, this wolf here and any other folks injected with that serum. You see, that other 'double-ganger' you killed, the man, was the only other one. The spell broke for you, but not for the other hybrids made before you, you gotta make this right," the woman cried.  "Madam, what is your name?" Elijah asked politely.  "My name is Lee Sutton. I may have been just a girl, but that man you killed was a good man and he was my husband. I don't want to kill this boy, but his sister must die tonight. Get your witches and hurry. It must be done before morning," Lee announced.  "Why tonight?" Kol asked looking at Davina.  "They only have a few hours after they turn where they will die and anybody they bit. Please, you kilt my husband, save my kids my boy and my little girl. Take me, I will be the lamb," Lee said, dropping the knife and falling to the ground. Elijah vamped over and caught her.  "She must be starving and dehydrated. Let's get her some water. Davina, get Freya. Tyler and Connor, lay in the bed to slow the venom. I'll call Bonnie. We are going to need to find Erik and Penny," Elijah directed.  "What about Elena?" Jeremy gasped.  "We'll free her in a minute. Jeremy, I think I know of a way. It is dangerous, but it could work. All we need is, a sacrifice," Elijah said.  "My mama?" Connor groaned.  "I'm sorry, Connor. She came tonight to be the sacrifice. If Elena dies, the witches can link her and that will bring Elena back to life. You will have to kill Elena to trigger your curse," Elijah said holding his temples.  Tears streamed down Connor's face, not for him, but for his siblings. They would never get to say goodbye to their mother, not in their wolf state. Plus, he didn't want to kill Jeremy's sister, this girl with mystical blood.  "What if your sister says no?" Connor asked Jeremy as he was dialing Elena.  "You don't know Elena, she would never do that. Even if she has to die, she would try if it would save innocent lives," Jeremey admitted.  "Then, I guess I gotta do my part," Connor agreed. He was starting to see visions, the wolf bite his brother had given him ached.  "Nik, help, we're back!" Rebekah cried out from downstairs. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^An hour later, Klaus had found Penny and Erik and dragged them back. They were chained to a stake in the back. In their wolf forms, they were howling and panting to run free. Vanessa took Matt and the younger boys to the safe room.  Bonnie, Freya, and Davina prepared for the hybrid spell. They needed to allow Connor to kill Elena, gather her blood and then sacrifice Lee to bring her back to life. Then, they would use that blood to heal Marcel. The blood and the spell would then turn Penny, Erik, Connor, and Tyler into hybrids.  Kol was worried about Niklaus, "This isn't your fault, Brother. They will be stronger."  "They will be half-breeds like me. If the girl doesn't survive, how can I face Jeremy. And Connor, I killed his father. A noble wolf, Brother, I experimented on him," Klaus revealed.  "Aye, but when this is done, we will finally have the means to take out the rest of those evil Guerreras. This is only the start, Nik. Stay strong for us," Kol squeezed his shoulder. All Klaus could do is nod.  The witches began to chant, "Près settât, Près settât, Près settât..." They were performing several different spells.  Connor's mother was tied up and standing back to back with Elena.  "You must do this, Connor. All I ever done, I done for y'all and the memory of your daddy. Kill me so y'all can live strong. You will avenge us with your new family. Take care of Erik and Penelope. Promise me," Lee wept.  "Of course, Mama. I'm sorry I weren't a better son," Connor said.  "You hush now, you done more than any boy your age ought to. You cut my throat and cut deep. I love you. Tell the others I done it all for my kids," Lee said shutting her eyes.  Freya nodded at Connor and had to drain Elena first, and then his mother. The venom made it all seem dream like and late Connor would not remember it. Once the sacrifice was made, the witches had the wolves and Marcel drink from the cup with Elena's magical blood. After the spell was performed, Elena opened her eyes. Jeremy ran over, "It worked." "Of course, it did, Jer. Did you think Bonnie was going to let me die? But don't tell Stefan about this. He thinks I'm sleeping, k?" Elena begged.  "Sure, Elena. Let's get you off this stake thing," Jeremy said helping her down.  Marcel was cured by the blood and finally came to his senses. He didn't remember anything past getting attacked in the dungeon.  "D., hey girl," Marcel said as she tightly hugged him.  "Oh Marcel, what a night!" Davina gushed.  "Davina, you know we're not going back without you," Rebekah said smiling.  Davina nodded happily. Kol smiled at her. This was the way it had to be.  Connor, Tyler, Erik, and Penny had to drink Klaus' blood, then Elena's mystical blood, and then feed as vampires. They covered Penny and Erik with blankets as they turned back into their human forms. They were confused and dazed.  The witches had blessed a goblet of blood for their transition. Klaus handed them the cup, "With this, you shall become hybrids, like me. You will be stronger, half werewolf, half vampire. You will be able to transform into a wolf, or wolf form at will. However, you will all now need both blood and food to sustain yourselves. This was always my dream, but I didn't want it for all of you, not yet, not like this, forgive me," Klaus said as they all drank and passed the cup.  Conner, took Erik and Penny to see their mother's body. Erik screamed and fell to the ground. Connor tried to explain what happened but Erik was bereft. Penny was stunned and silent.  "She's dead? My mama is dead," was all she said. Klaus came out to get them and bring them in. They would have a funeral and burn the body later, in the custom of the wolves.  Klaus ended up picked up Penny, still wrapped in her blanket, and carried her into the house. Freya took her and helped her take a bath and get back into bed.  The rest of the family filed into the house to get situated and go get Vanessa and the kids. Matt was feeling better.  "Hey man, what the hell happened?" Matt said as Tyler greeted him.  "I cannot even explain it, but we're hybrids now. Matt, I feel fucking amazing. Like I can-," Tyler started.  "Tyler Lockwood, strike one, that is quite enough of that language. Go up to your room and get some sleep right now. If you think being a hybrid means that you don't have to listen...," Elijah lectured. Tyler covered his mouth so as not to laugh, "I'm sorry. Going." Elijah smacked him on the back of the thigh when he saw him laughing. "Sorry, I'm going."  "And you? Back to bed, it's 4 am. Your forehead is still warm, unless you want to be warm somewhere else to, back to bed," Elijah threatened.  And finally, almost everyone was back to bed except Kol, Elijah, and Klaus.  Elijah brought out a bottle of Chateau Haut-Brion and three glasses.  "Ah, Bordeaux, nice, Brother," Klaus said opening the bottle.  "Well, Niklaus, you're going to need it to keep those hybrids in line. I almost had to wrestle Tyler to get him to go up to bed. With their strength, speed, and abilities, it is going to take a lot of self-control for them to learn how to control them," Elijah cautioned.  "I took your new paddles out of the rubbish bin and put them back on the top of the frig," Kol said pouring them each a glass. He knew Elijah liked to let it breath, but the sun was almost coming up.  "But I blistered your arse and bruised Matt," Klaus argued.  "So don't use them on humans. You know how fast you heal, you're going to need to be firm with them and your other flimsy paddles aren't going to cut it. Nik, you can't let these hybrids run wild. They could level the whole bloody town of Mystic Falls," Kol reasoned.  "He's right, Niklaus. One new hybrid would be difficult to train, four is going to be difficult. Plus, Connor is a new wolf, Penny is a child, Erik was extremely strong before, and you know I love Tyler, but he tends to be rebellious," Elijah admitted.  "He takes after me. I see what you are saying. If you insist, I will be firm with them and keep them on a tight blood diet. Oh god, I don't want any of them turning into a ripper," Klaus moaned.  "To getting through this night with only one death and four new hybrids," Kol toasted.  "Indeed," Elijah said drinking. "Salut," Klaus added.  "Kol, we should have let this bottle breath, don't you think? Did you just roll your eyes at me?" Elijah prodded.  Klaus just laughed and drank again. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Saturday EveningMikaelson Mansion Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010 One Month Later Jeremy and Matt were just coming back from Alaric's and Jenna's. The twins were doing well, but seemed to have a bit of colic and cried a lot. They called the boy Gray and the baby girl Sommer.  Jeremy had never really been around babies, but he liked them and often dragged Matt over to help. Alaric was grateful enough to half jokingly tell them that they both had automatic A's in history if they allowed him and Jenna to get a 45 minute nap. The new parents were not getting very much sleep at all.  Walking into the kitchen, the boys realized that they had almost missed dinner. Elijah warned them to be home by 6 pm. It was now 7 pm and everyone was gone upstairs, except Klaus and Elijah who were sitting at the table drinking wine.  Matt looked at Jeremy and mouthed, "Shit."  Elijah called from the dining room, "You're late, boys. Hurry up."  Jeremy spoke up first, "Sorry, Uncle Alaric promised us A's in history if we let him and Jenna sleep for a while. Totally forget."  Elijah relented, "It's okay. Just take off the foil. We left it out for you." "Thanks, Uncle Elijah, Dad," Matt said in his good natured way.  "Of course, boys. We know you are only trying to help out family. I'm proud of you," Klaus said affectionately.  "Thanks," Jeremy said as Elijah cut him some lasagna. He was thinking I can never eat that giant piece.  "Hey, Camille is coming over for dinner on Wednesday so if you boys could pencil us in your calendar for around 6 that would be great," Klaus mentioned.  "Sure. Too bad she couldn't just move in here, then we wouldn't have to dress up so much when she came over," Matt laughed.  "Don't think your father isn't trying that. But her uncle is a priest, as is her brother, so maybe you'll have a step mother first?" Elijah said hopefully, smirking at Klaus.  "Me, married? Isn't the elder brother supposed to marry first. I know a lovely lady upstairs who is currently giving two naughty boys a bath now that deserves a big ring," Klaus countered.  "Naughty? What did they do now?" Jeremy groaned.  "They got Sadie all muddy, let her run in the house, jump on the couch. Then, this is the best part, they got into a fist fight on said couch and knocked over the lamp, smashing it," Elijah recalled.  "Ouch!" Matt exclaimed.  "Actually, I need to get up there because they are going right to bed after their bath. Can you guys handle cleaning up? Just put the lasagna in the fridge, cover it, plates in the dishwasher," Elijah called as he went upstairs.  "Just an early bedtime, if that was my Marcellus and he broke a lamp back in the day, I would have never heard the end of it if I didn't-," Klaus muttered.  "I heard that, Brother. Times change!" Elijah yelled down.  Klaus laughed and shook his head. Vanessa had been pushing for the boys to get more time outs and "breaks", Klaus thought they were acting up a little more, but it was clear she loved the boys. Elijah seemed to like that she was a protective mother to them, but that had been a lamp Klaus had really liked.  Klaus turned to Jeremy and Matt and said, "The other boys and Penny are out hunting now in our woods. They should be back soon if you want to watch a movie."  "Yeah, that sounds good. Have you heard from Marcel?" Jeremy asked.  "Yes, Rebekah said that Davina is back at school there. No progress with the wolves. They shall come back for Christmas, but until it is safe, they still need to hunt down all the Guerreras," Klaus exhaled.  "Sorry, Dad," Matt said. He knew how much Klaus missed them. Kol had been helping the new hybrids a lot, but he was not himself either. Kol was watching one of his sports games in the great room. He was drinking beer now, there was a whole lot more drinking going on in the mansion.  "That was epic! Did you see that?" they heard Tyler brag.  Matt rolled his eyes, and Klaus patted his hand. He could tell how much Tyler was getting on Matt's nerves with his bravado lately. Klaus got up to see to Penny and Erik in the kitchen.  "Look who finally made it home for dinner," Tyler said coming in the dining room and clamping his hands on Jeremy's shoulders.  "Hey, man," Jeremy said.  "What were you guys up to?" Matt asked, knowing the answer.  "We changed into our wolf forms to practice hunting. It was pretty awesome. You know, I think I might have more lasagna. My pulse is like racing and my metabolism is going crazy," Tyler said sitting down.  Connor came by, "Hey guys, how were the twins?"  "Good, man. Thanks for asking," Jeremy answered.  Erik just stomped by and Penny followed. Sadie raced ahead.  "What's with him?" Matt asked.  Connor shook his head. His brother had been a nightmare since they turned into hybrids. He was angry and volatile. Connor would have probably punched him out a couple of times, if Penny hadn't been around. Erik blamed him for not being able to save their mother. Connor tried to tell Erik what their mother had said, but he wouldn't listen. Connor burst out, "He needs his ass beat."  Tyler nodded, "Erik is trying to be the alpha of our little pack.  He's tough, but we're getting a little tired of the attitude. He's been a bad example for Penny, too." "Guys, can't you just give him a break? He's like 14," Jeremy said pushing back in his chair.  Connor nodded, "We have been, but he's blaming me for everything. I can't take much more. He's never going to be able to go back to school at this rate. He's turned Penny against me. You saw her, she won't look at me."  Since they became hybrids, none of them had been back to school. Klaus wanted to make sure they could control their blood lust and tempers before they were back in public.  "Sorry, man. I wish I could help," Matt said.  "We were going to watch a movie or something," Jeremy responded.  "Yeah, I'm going to go shower and change," Connor said getting up.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Klaus got a little glass of blood for Penny to give to her. He tried to space out one blood bag but divide it throughout the day to the kids.  They also hunted animals in their wolf form, once or twice a week.  "Penelope, sweetheart, I brought you a drink," Klaus said.  "Come in," Penny replied.  "Are you going to come down and watch a movie with us? I have no idea what the boys will choose, I warn you," Klaus smiled, handing her the glass.  "No thanks, I'm just going to read, I think," Penny said accepting the blood.  "Are you still angry at Connor? It's been a month, you know, I wish-," Klaus started gently.  "I wish he hadn't killed my mother! But that ain't what happened so forget it," Penny snapped.  "You have a right to be angry, but not at him," Klaus said more firmly.  Penny downed her glass of blood and then threw it on the carpet. It fell to the ground harmlessly and did not break. Drops of blood dripped on the gray colored rug, staining it.  "Penny, please pick that up and get a wash cloth, right now," Klaus demanded.  Penny huffed and made a show of picking up the glass and putting it down. "Are you happy?" she snipped.  "Now clean up the blood," Klaus said calmly. He knew she was trying to rile him. If he became upset, she won.  "Fine!" Penny got a bath towel and half heartedly rubbed at the blood.  "There," she spat after she dabbed most of the stain.  "What can I do to help you?" Klaus asked crouching down.  "Maybe Davina can come back?" Penny asked slowly.  "Sweetheart, she will. But right now, she is with her parents trying to keep all of us safe," Klaus explained.  "From my other family, the Guerrera's, right?" Penny pointed out.  "Penny, I know this is upsetting and I wish it were different, but yes, they are a threat to us.  You have my vampire blood in you now, and their werewolf genes. You are stronger and more powerful than many creatures, but I know none of this is easy for you," Klaus reasoned.  "You can go now," Penny directed tossing back her shoulder length dark hair..  "I'll have Freya come up to help you get ready for bed. I've been giving you a lot of leeway because of your mother and you becoming a hybrid, but I think we're going to have a very serious discussion about your behavior soon," Klaus cautioned.  For the first time, Penny felt a sliver of apprehension.  "What do you mean?" Penny scoffed. Her blue eyes flashed with annoyance.  "I mean, you can express your emotions, but I want you to learn to do it more respectfully. And give Connor a break, no matter what happened, he's still your brother," Klaus said getting up.  "Would you forgive your brother if he killed your mother?" Penny yelled.  "I did kill my mother and my siblings did forgive me. I love you, Penny. I know you don't like to hear that, but I won't give up on you," Klaus said softly before he left.  Penny was stunned. He killed his mother? Maybe these Mikaelsons were even more screwed up than her family?   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^As Klaus passed the older boys' room, he heard Connor and Erik arguing.  "I told you to shut the fuck up about it, Connor. Are you fucking stupid?" Erik ranted. "Erik, please, calm down, I'm-," Connor said quietly as he was getting dressed. Klaus walked in, "Erik, what's going on?"  "Nothing, he just won't shut up. Can I move room? To that empty room? Or can he and Tyler and I could just stay here?" Erik spat.  Klaus saw the pain on Connor's face.  "That's fine. If that's what you guys want, I'll leave," Connor assured them as he walked out. Klaus patted him on the arm as he left. He'd catch up with him later. Klaus waited until he shut the door to speak to Erik.  Erik was not backing down, "Good!"  "Erik, that was uncalled for, you really hurt his feelings. I know you are in pain and it is amplified because of the vampirism, but you need to take a step back," Klaus beseeched. "Didn't you keep your brother in a coffin for 900 years. Who the hell are you to judge me?" Erik dared.  Klaus had had enough, he crossed the floor to Erik and grabbed his upper arm.  "I don't know what you think you are doing, but you best march yourself to the corner right now and calm down," Klaus directed.  Erik felt Klaus' breath on him and squirmed to get away. He yanked his arm away and Klaus let him go with some effort.  "I'm not standing in the damn corner," Erik scoffed. Klaus inhaled and said, "Take a deep breath. Come on, I'll help you."  Klaus led Erik by the arm, this time not hard, over to the corner and held him there a moment. Erik resisted for a brief second and then complied. Klaus rubbed his back and felt all the tension built up there. His hand was itching to smack this kid, but he reminded himself that he was grieving and had just turned. From downstairs, he heard Jeremy calling him that they were about to start the movie. "Erik, I love you and I hate to see you acting this way. I know you are hurting and I wish I could take it away, but I can't," Klaus said calmly, listening as Erik's heartbeat slowed somewhat. "I'm going to go downstairs and watch the movie, do you think you can come?" Klaus said still rubbing his back.  Erik nodded. He didn't want to be alone.  "Can you make up with your brother? At least try," Klaus asked.  Erik admitted, "I honestly don't know. Am I in trouble?"  "You are well past three strikes. I've been overlooking a lot this month, but I think you earned a spanking before bed tonight," Klaus said, kissing him on the side of the head.  "I know," Erik confessed, nervously pushing his long blond hair behind his ear.  "Come on, let's go downstairs. We'll deal with that later," Klaus said putting his arm around him. In the great room, Klaus couldn't help but stare at the empty spot where his now broken lamp used to be. Since when was Elijah so soft? Things really did change.  Klaus made sure that Erik sat close to him. Connor came down about half way through the movie. Connor seemed surprised to see him there.  Erik looked at him and muttered, "Sorry. I didn't mean it." Connor nodded, "Okay."  By the end of the movie, almost everyone was sleeping, including Klaus. It was only 10:30 and the boys could stay up until 12 on weekends, but they all seemed ready to turn in. He stirred the boys and got them to go upstairs and turned off the tv.  "Come on, to my room," Klaus said to Erik.  "Sorry about what I said, I didn't mean it," Erik admitted.  "Yeah, there seems to be a lot of that going around. Now, let's go, unless you want me to give you a preview out here," Klaus warned.  "No, no, that's okay," Erik balked.  "Go brush your teeth and put your pajamas on, then come to my room" Klaus ordered. Klaus realized that he hadn't done this since he swatted Matt and Tyler for lying about the car in the garage. It was probably long overdue. Erik's attitude was festering and that wasn't doing anyone any good.  Klaus got ready for bed myself. He was going to make this quick.  Erik knocked and came in sheepishly. He was pretty embarrassed as Tyler knew exactly what was going to happen. Connor was confused and Tyler indicated that he'd fill him in later. When Connor was in the bathroom, Tyler took Erik aside and said, "Look, you're going to get it, but don't make it worse. Just cooperate and don't fight Dad, okay?" Tyler had punched him on the arm and let him know it'd be okay. Now that Erik was here, his instinct was to flee.  Klaus went over to the other side of the bed and turned down the comforter. He said down and patted right beside him for Erik to hop up.  "I know it's not official yet, but I've come to think of you as my son.  I want you to know that I'm not spanking you because I'm angry or mad at you, I'm not. Do you know why you getting your backside smacked tonight?" Klaus asked gently.  "I got more than three strikes for swearing, disrespect, yelling, and I guess, I was just being mean. Also, I didn't go in the corner when you told me to," Erik admitted.  "Yes, that is all true. You've been testing me to see if I would follow up with my promises to spank you if you didn't start behaving. I've been trying to give you extra time because I know you are grieving over your mother and you are newly turned, but that grace period is over now. This isn't the first talk we've had, is it?" Klaus asked.  "No, sir, it ain't at all," Erik confessed.  "Okay, this time, I'm not going to use the cream that will stop or slow your healing. The next time you get a spanking, if there is one and I hope there's not, I will use that and it will be a much different experience. Now over," Klaus led him over his lap. Klaus had sat back on the bed and Erik upper and lower body rested on the bed. He rested his hand over the seat of Erik's pants and patted his backside a few times.  "Ready?" Klaus asked. Erik would never be ready.  "Yes, sir," he responded.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Klaus swatted Erik firmly as he was spanking through two layers of clothes. He didn't think the boy was feeling it and keep up the pace and severity until Erik started to feel the sting and burn created by the flat of his hand.  "Lift up," Klaus ordered slipping down his pajama pants to mid thigh. Klaus patted Erik's cotton covered seat and began to pop him on the center of his behind. He spanked him continuously for two minutes until Erik was squirming and beginning to kick out his legs.  "Legs down. Lay flat," Klaus was starting to have to push him down. He gave Erik a few smacks on the bare area under the legs of his briefs.  "Argggg," Erik gasped. Klaus decided to just pull up Erik's briefs to reveal his bare cheeks and began to spank the center of each cheek hard. This got Erik bouncing and pushing up on Klaus' lap to his shame, but he couldn't stop himself. Klaus tugged up his briefs and held the fabric where they wedged up to hold Erik in place. Bam! Bam! Bam!  Erik's feet drummed into the bed and he pounded his fists as Klaus spanked harder. Erik began to wail and beg for the spanking to stop. Klaus walloped the pink cheeks in front of him until they turned red and the boy tired himself out.  "Are you going to forgive your brother?" Klaus asked still swatting down. "Y-Yessss," Erik promised sobbing into his elbow.  "Are you going to start behaving?" Klaus inquired as he peppered the top of Erik's thighs with smacks. Erik seemed to just take it, but the sobs continued.  "Yesssss, s-sir, I'm s-sorry," Erik sobbed.  Klaus stopped right away and released the fabric of his briefs to lay flat. He smoothed down the material and rubbed Erik's rear a moment. Klaus pulled up the pajama bottoms.  Erik was still crying, but it was lessening. Klaus pulled him up into his lap and held him closely. He grabbed some tissues and wiped his face and had him blow his nose.  Klaus whispered that he was okay and rubbed his back. Erik pressed his face into Klaus' chest. His backside throbbed and strung, but he could feel that it was healing. He started to realized that he was on someone's lap and began to push away. "Shh, it's okay. Just stay with me another moment," Klaus said pushing back Erik's hair himself. The boy was a ferocious fight when he was in wolf form, but now, he was just a pup. Klaus rubbed circles on his back and felt that tension was gone.   "Okay," Erik mumbled.  "You know your brother loves you a great deal. He would have done anything to spare you pain, and he did Erik. If he hadn't sacrificed your mother, you, Tyler, Penelope, and Marcel would have died that night," Klaus murmured.  "But wasn't there a-another way?" Erik uttered. "Yes, I'm sure there was, but we didn't have time to find it. So we did the best that we could. It wasn't perfect. Your mother died a hero, a warrior. A warrior fights for what they believe in. A warrior fights for their family. Don't sully her memory by ruining your relationship with your brother, please, Erik," Klaus consoled.  "I won't. I'll let it go," Erik said. "It won't be easy. As you said, I'm in no position to judge. I've made 1000 years worth of mistakes that I hope you can learn from," Klaus said, still holding him.  "Sorry I said that, about your brother. I don't know where that came from," Connor apologized.  "No, it's true and I have to live with that, but I've been given a second chance with my brother. Now, do you want to stay here with me, or go back to your room and maybe talk to your brother?" Klaus asked. "I guess I'll go back. I'll talk to him if he's awake," Erik promised.  "Good boy," Klaus said helping him stand up. Erik couldn't help but rub a little with his right hand.  "Good night, my young pup. Love you," Klaus said hugging him as he stood. The boy didn't pull away.  "Love you, too," Erik mumbled. Klaus felt a painful tug watching him walk away. He hoped the brothers would make up tonight, but if not tonight, they had time. Hopefully forever. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Christmas is the day that holds all time together."                       -Alexander SmithMikaelson Mansion Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010Christmas EveFriday AfternoonRebekah tore the receipts up into little pieces and flushed them. Even with Marcel having his own streams of income and being generous, she may have spent a little too much this holiday season. Elijah had always taken care of their money and given her an allowance and lines of credit, but she had to get creative lately.  "Why didn't you just compel the storeowners like you used to?" Klaus said standing behind her watching her panic. Rebekah had wrapped all the gifts she just bought and hid them in Klaus' closets.  "Well, see there is this thing called closed circuit tv where they record everything in the bloody store, especially in the Apple Store. I mean this is the hottest item of 2010!  Marcel warned me that I'm probably on camera. I started to compel the managers to erase the footage, but now they upload them to some kind of servers. Where those are, I have no bloody clue," Rebekah ranted.  "I'd give you money out of my accounts, but I've been going over budget a tad myself. Did you know that Kol and I drink $35,000 in wine one week? Elijah almost burst a blood vessel, if that is possible. With the housing market in shambles, we need to get creative. Maybe I need to get a job?" Klaus mused. Rebekah burst out laughing, "You a job? Are you serious? What could you do? Run an orphanage? I mean, you have what? Six kids now?"  "Yes, and guess which one vexes me the most?" Klaus smirked.  "My hauntingly beautiful new niece? Penelope?" Rebekah guessed.  "Yes, as she grows more comfortable, she grows more...sassy. I do not know if she got that from Davina or you. She even made fun of my socks the other day. 'You're not going to wear those socks with those shoes, are you?' I had to change and then explain to Camille why I was late," Klaus admitted.  "So how are things with Cami?" Rebekah inquired.  "Good. I hate to be away from her. She is busy with her practice and endlessly patient with me and the demands of the children here. I tell you, Sister, she is too good for me," Klaus smiled.  "Nonsense. You deserve someone good, for once. Just make sure that you don't leave her hanging too much.  Her uncle, Father K., has been a great help to Marcel with the factions," Rebekah added.  "Good. I hate that you have to leave again," Klaus said solemnly.  "Me, too. Living in the compound again brings back so many memories, though. Sometimes I remember what things were like before Marcel left for the war. I see us in the old parlor, me playing the piano, you and Kol playing chess, and Elijah reading the newspaper. Were we really that happy then? I know we lived in fear that Mikael would find us, but it was such a different time. I guess we did fight a lot," Rebekah recalled.  "What was that song you always played that Kol hated?" Klaus inquired.  "Let Me Call You Sweetheart? I think everything I played got on his nerves after a while. Did you every consider moving back to New Orleans?" Rebekah said blinking away tears.  "I couldn't take the boys away from their lives here. Jeremy's made a real effort to help his aunt and Alaric with her twins. Now Tyler hadn't seen his mother much since he turned, but I'm hoping to get them back in Mystic Falls High after the New Year. Maybe we can visit New Orleans once this wolf situation is taken care of?" Klaus offered.  "Yes, well, that grows more sticky with each passing day. The packs are at each other's throats as much as ours. And you know what the French Quarter witches are like, prickly as pears. I don't know. Davina, away from Kol, is also no picnic," Rebekah complained.  "I hope she doesn't go around murdering people like he does, when he throws a fit. Elijah has us all on a bloody chore chart. I have to do the recycling and polish the silver," Klaus confided.  "Ugh, no, Davina doesn't kill the help. She just whines and talks back. Marcel has been so busy that he hasn't been around much, so he's no help. She did meet some new friends at school, but I know her heart isn't in it. I don't know, Nik. There's a part of me that just screams to let them be together, but she's too young and obsessed..." Rebekah trailed off.  "Speaking of, Freya sewed a reindeer suit for Sadie to wear. Finn and Henrik are going to lose their bloody minds when they see it. It's really their first Christmas with us, all three of them," Klaus concluded.  "Well, Freya was Kol's 'date' at the Christmas party in what, 1912? I suppose Dahlia didn't even celebrate Christmas, so I guess this will be her first real one with us," Rebekah realized.  "Let's make it a good one," Klaus said offering Rebekah his arm as they went down to dinner.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Tyler frowned at his phone. Since he had been out of school the last few weeks, things with Caroline had been on and off.  "Bad news, man?" Connor asked seeing Tyler's sour expression.  "I don't know. Caroline's been leaving me nasty messages to call her. I do and she doesn't answer. I don't know if she's breaking up with me or not," Tyler griped.  "Ain't that called phone tag?" Connor replied.  "I call it fucking annoying. Screw it. I'll call her later," Tyler said throwing his phone down on the couch. It crashed down to the floor and Tyler cursed loudly.  "Tyler, Connor, come on. Let's not keep your uncle waiting," Klaus said suddely from the door. Klaus gave him a menacing look as he had been warned several times this week about his language and attitude. Tyler wondered if he got a pass because it was a holiday.  "Hi Aunt Rebekah," Tyler said sheepishly.  "Just because it is a holiday, doesn't mean we can't come back up here for a little discussion about your behavior tonight," Klaus warned.  "Dad, come on! Just let it go. Damn," Tyler said flushing. He didn't like being talked to like a little kid in front of Rebekah. How lame.  "Sister, Connor, go on a moment," Klaus called to them in the hallway.  Connor turned to Rebekah, "You look real nice." She had a gold dress on and her hair was swept up on her head.  "Thank you, dear. So do you. Is that a new suit?" Rebekah asked.  Elijah's tailor had outfitted the boys in new clothes. They had worn them to their adoption ceremony a few months back.  "Yes, ma'am. I ain't never had a suit before, especially one like this," Connor admitted. His hair had grown in, it was a light brown. "So how do you like being a hybrid?" Rebekah asked politely.  "It's real different, but I like being strong and fast. Drinking blood is new, we're only allowed one blood bag a day, but that's been good. The senses are different too. Like I can hear Tyler about to get his butt popped about right now. Yup, he can't not run that mouth," Connor said wincing.  Rebekah laughed, "You seem to be making a good transition. Tyler, ouch. Not so sure. Well, your new Auntie Bex is here if you ever need her, okay, dear?"  "Yes, ma'am," Connor started. She gave him a look and he correct himself to "Yes, Aunt Rebekah."  "So polite," Rebekah said as they entered the dining room and sat down.--------------Two minutes earlier"There would be strike four or five!" Klaus hissed.  "Dad, I'm not a little kid. You just can't threaten to spank me like I'm a toddler in front of other people when I piss you off," Tyler retorted.  "Tyler, I said discussion and I meant discussion at the time, but perhaps I was giving you too much credit to be able to behave yourself like a young adult instead of an insolent brat," Klaus said.   Tyler's face grew angry and he was about to scream back when Klaus vamped over and turned him to the side. Klaus unbuckled Tyler's belt and pulled down his pants to right below his bottom, but leaving up his white cotton briefs. Tyler tried to squirm away but Klaus grabbed him around the waist and began to smack him fast and hard standing up. Klaus readjusted his grip to pull Tyler's dress shirt up so only Tyler's briefs were a barrier between Klaus' hand and his backside.  "Ouch! Owww. Damn," Tyler squeaked as Klaus rapidly heated up his rear end. Tyler's hand went to cover his behind and Klaus smacked it away.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack.  The swats were hard enough to raise Tyler on his toes, but he was unable to dance away.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack. "You will drop this attitude right now!" Klaus lectured.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack. "No more cursing. There are children in this house who do not need to hear your foul mouth, do you understand?" Klaus asked.  "Yeah, Yes, Dad. Sorry! Okay, stop," Tyler begged.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack. "This is your last warning, Tyler. Shape up," Klaus threatened.  Crack! Crack! Crack!  "Yes! I will," Tyler groaned.  Just as Tyler felt like he was going to burst into tears, Klaus stopped. The whole thing was only a minute or two, but Tyler's behind was on fire. It crossed his mind to throw a fit and just stay in his room and pout, but he knew that Klaus might see fit to swat him again and everyone would know he got in trouble. He sniffed and pulled himself together.   Tyler pulled up his pants and refastened them. Klaus took a minute to put his arm around him, "No more of that, Son. Come on, we're late for dinner. That was just a little reminder to behave yourself."  Tyler turned and saw with horror that the door was slightly ajar.   Klaus and Tyler came downstairs a moment later. Klaus squeezed Tyler's shoulder and gave him a sympathetic look that left Tyler unable to be that mad at his dad for his sore posterior. Tyler's face was flushed and Connor noticed that he winced sitting down.  "That sounded unpleasant," Connor whispered.  "Yeah, I guess we can get it on a holiday," Tyler said trying to act like he was talking about something else.  "Bare?" Connor pressed. "Underwear, I didn't think it would hurt as much as a vampire but it does," Tyler whispered.  Just then, the other guests began to sit down and the dinner got started.  Davina and Kol managed to sit at the kids' table in the kitchen with Erik, Finn, Jeremy, Matt, Penny, and Henrik. "Do you have to go back, Davina?" Penny asked.  "Yeah, I go to school now in New Orleans, Penny. You guys will go back to school after the New Year. It will be different as a hybrid. You will have to be careful," Davina smiled.  "Yeah, yeah, I know. 'Don't eat the other kids,'" Penny snarked.  Henrik and Finn looked at each other and laughed. Sadie was sitting on the floor and Finn was secretly feeding her.  "What are you two bozos laughing at?" Penny snarled.  "Hey, hey, no name calling, luv. It's Christmas Eve. We have the bonfire tonight. You don't want to get sent to bed early," Kol smiled.  "I never get sent to bed early," Penny scoffed.  Kol opened his mouth and Davina kicked him under the table.  "Who wants more turkey? Henrik?" Jeremy offered.  "Are Jenna, Ric, and the twins coming?" Davina asked Jeremy.  "Nah, they are coming tomorrow for Christmas Day. My sister is supposed to come with the Salvatore brothers, but we'll see if she shows," Jeremy said.  Matt patted him on the back, "She will, Jer. It's Christmas." "So how come if you family was Viking, you guys are so into Christmas?" Jeremy asked Kol.  "Our father was still Christian, I think some Vikings converted in 800 A.D. or so. They still also worshiped some of the old Norse gods, but we had Christmas. The one time the guy didn't go totally psycho on us was Christmas. I think Mother drugged him jimson weed and maybe a little bella donna," Kol speculated.  "Wow, powerful stuff. She got him high to not ruin the holiday?" Davina laughed.  "Aye," Kol smiled back. "What's wrong, Henrik?" Matt asked. "Kol, did we ever have a tree burning inside?" Henrik frowned. "You are even stupider than I though," Penny huffed. Kol scowled at Penny a moment. Davina elbowed him and he took a gulp of his wine.  "Actually, yes, we used to have a yule log. A real one was a whole tree that was slowly burnt. The end would be in the fire and the tree part would be in the room. Hence, your modern Christmas tree thingy," Kol explained.  "That's cool that you remember that, Henrik," Jeremy added.  "I dreamt about it is all," Henrik said.  "You're mean," Finn whispered at Penny and then he flinched as she went to punch him but didn't. "I'm going to tell on you that you are feeding the dog under the table," Penny threatened.  "So?" Finn said.  "Dad is giving a speech in there..." Matt laughed.   "...this family comes with many hardships, but there is one benefit. You will always have a home here. Salut!" Klaus intoned from the dining room. Later that night, everyone streamed outside for the bonfire in the backyard.  "We should have all written our wishes on the paper. We will burn them for good luck.  Strangely, I don’t remember wishing for an influx of enemies and yet, year after year…," Klaus joked and everyone laughed.  Elijah quipped, "How odd. Forever on Santa’s naughty list."  "Elijah, why don't you go first? I'm sure your wish has something to do with us all spending less money or loading the dishwasher correctly," Klaus smirked.  "Not even close," Elijah said burning his wish and then indicating Vanessa, Finn, and Henrik should go next.  Rebekah, Marcel, and Davina went next. Kol and Davina both smiled at each other across the fire. Marcel rolled his eyes, but stopped when Rebekah stomped on his foot.  Klaus, Jeremy, Tyler, Matt, Connor, Erik, and Penny threw in their wishes. Penny refused to stand next to Connor so Matt had to switch places. Freya and Kol did theirs next. Kol wrote out one for Sadie and they threw it in. Rebekah went to prod the fire pit and Elijah noticed something odd. "Little Sister, is that my paint stick?" Elijah balked.  "Oh, this old thing? Yeah, I found it in Nik's study and thought it would make a wonderful addition to the fire," Rebekah said innocently.  Elijah narrowed his eyes, "Marcellus, I hope you have nothing to do with this."  "Uncle Elijah, I don't know why you always suspect me. I swear, I'm innocent," Marcel proclaimed.  Klaus just laughed and said, "Another mystery not solved around here. Brother, I think you will survive."  Elijah didn't say anything but, "Hmm." He knew this drove Klaus mad.  Penny mumbled, "What's he so worried about a paint stick. Ain't they free at the Home Depot?"  "That is a great point, young lady. Perhaps the two of us can take a trip there next week and pick up a few.  We always have projects that need completing around here," Elijah said smiling at Penny.  "Can I get a saw?" Penny asked.  "Ah, for what?" Elijah replied.  "Woodwork," Penny stated simply.  "I believe we already have a wide variety of tools in the garage. I'm not sure they are for children, though," Elijah mused.  "Oh, I can drink blood and turn into a wolf, but I can't cut a piece of wood?" Penny retorted.  "We'll talk about it later, sweetheart. Well, children, I think it is time for you all to turn in. I'm sure you all have many gifts of coal to open tomorrow," Klaus joked.  "Ha, ha, very funny," Jeremy said. Elijah reminded, "Hang up your suits. On hangers." Marcel just laughed and Rebekah shook her head.  Freya took Penny up and the dog, Sadie, followed.  Klaus said, "Sleep well, children."  "Tyler," Klaus said. Tyler stopped in his tracks.  "I love you, Son," Klaus said hugging him and kissing him on the forehead.  "I know. Love you, too," Tyler whispered although his neck flushed. He thought maybe it was the wine they had been allowed at dinner, but he knew it was his embarrassment. Turning hybrid and possibly breaking up with Caroline had just made him act like a bigger jerk this month. Yet, his dad was there to set him straight and remind him of who he really was. Time and time again.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Christmas MorningThe big tree was set up in the great room.  The kids got up to a plethora of presents neatly wrapped under the tree. The adults, who had drank a bottle of Chateau Lafite Rothschild, after the kids went to bed, had tried to coordinate and make sure that each child got one or two larger presents and generally the same monetary amount of gifts.  Penny, Erik, and Connor were especially blown away as they had never had much of a Christmas at all.  Matt was a little overwhelmed as his mom, Kelly, had never been around much on holidays. Jeremy and Tyler had always had lavish celebrations, but never even to this degree. Davina felt a little out of place as witches do not celebrate Christmas. Freya also was taken aback by the level of craziness of her siblings. Finn and Henrik were extremely excited at they were learning from school friends and television what Christmas was.  Penny was the one to say "Holy shit!" when they started passing out presents.  All Klaus could do is affirm, "Holy shit is right. Now don't open anything until we get everyone's gifts sorted."  Kol could not help looking at Davina and shaking his head, Penny was a brat, but Klaus just seemed to let her get away with it. Davina just laughed and put a finger over her lips.  They tried to start opening one gift at a time from youngest to oldest, but that was just taking way too long. Rebekah told everyone to open her gift at the same time.  "What is this?" she heard.  "Oh my god, an iPad! I thought they were sold out!"  "You got everyone an iPad!" someone yelled.  Marcel gritted his teeth and said, "Please tell me you did not just buy 14 iPads."  "No, babe. I bought 15. I got one for myself!" Rebekah smiled as he groaned.  Elijah had heard of this new thing, of course, but hadn't used one. So now he had an iPad and so did Vanessa and his kids.  "Thanks, Aunti Bex," Rebekah heard.  So after hours of wrapping paper flying and everything from Legos to iphone 4s, an ipod touch, Flip video camera, PS3 and XBOX 360 games getting opened, more stuff was revealed to be in the garage. The younger kids got new bikes for the warmer months. The older kids got everything from snowboards to guitars to clothes to books.  The gifts that the adults got were more eclectic. Klaus got a t-shirt that said "World's Best Dad" that Matt bought at the mall, a mug, a new tie and beignets. Elijah got a flask from Klaus and a gold pocket watch from Vanessa, with some stuff the boys made at school. Freya got a new marble mortar and pestle and a food processor. "Oh great, so I can make you all more potions. Nice," Freya joked.  Kol got a stationary set from Davina with orders to write her letters. Rebekah got a Palomino mink coat from Marcel that she could only wear in Virginia because it was too hot for that in New Orleans. Marcel got a cashmere scarf from Davina. Kol got Davina a necklace of a golden rose and a ring inscribed with ΠOΛEMIOYΦIΛTPON, which translated to “The love charm of Polemius" from the Greek. It was supposed to charge the person wearing it with good luck. There was also a picture of a secret Greek Island that he promised to take her too when they were free to be together. Davina got Kol cuff links that she said would only let him think of her when he wore them, he promised to wear them daily.  The guests started to arrive around around 1 pm. Jenna and Alaric brought Gray and Sommer out for their first big event.  "Oh Ric, thank goodness, they look like Jenna!" Klaus said with mock relief as he held Sommer.  Cami came and laughed as the baby spit up on Klaus' shoulder.  "Where's Elena?" Jeremy said, hugging his aunt.  "Oh honey, she and Stefan stayed with Damon. He was feeling under the weather and they didn't want to leave him alone on Christmas," Jenna said cupping his face with her hands.  "That's okay," Jeremy said picking up Sommer.  "Jeremy, I swear she just smiled at you," Alaric laughed.  Bonnie and Caroline also joined. Freya was helping Elijah cook, but took a minute to give Bonnie her gift.  Davina and Kol came, too.  Bonnie opened the box and saw a beautiful gem.  "Wow, what is it?" Bonnie gasped.  "It's a paragon diamond. You use them to conduct power," Kol said.  "That's from our family, Bonnie. For all you have done and all of your help. Paragon diamonds are flawless and very rare. They conduct great power," Freya shared.  "And all I got you was some incense and a necklace," Bonnie apologized.  "Stop!" Freya laughed, hugging her.  "Caroline, what's wrong?" Davina asked, "Are you sick?" "Ah no, I just need to find Ty. Excuse me," Caroline said leaving. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Marcel was going around charging the new Ipads and devices. Rebekah put out hors d'oeuvres and Klaus was chatting with Alaric and Cami. Cami was holding Grayson. Jenna was feeding Sommer in Elijah's study.  Rebekah had given Klaus the job of opening the wines and champagnes for dinner. It was slow going as he kept getting interrupted. He had meant to change his shirt due to the spit up, but never had time.  "So excuse me if I can't make polite conversation, Jenna and I have turned into zombies these past two months. These guys are a little fussy," Alaric admitted.  "Zombies is one type of monster we don't have in Mystic Falls, so welcome. Actually, Ric, they are beautiful. For your Christmas gift, I was going to compel a nanny to come live with you but Jeremy said Jenna doesn't allow strangers in the house. So I got you ten cases of beer," Klaus shared.  "Thanks, Buddy. Between you and Damon, I'll be an alcoholic by the time the kids are two. He got me bourbon," Alaric laughed.  "Ric, can I take this one home? He's so sweet. Yes, he is. Yes, he is," Cami said talking to the baby.  "My Camille, you look so beautiful right now. I must paint you. Ric, can you take a picture of her and send it to me. I need to open these bottles of wine or Rebekah will tell Elijah that I let her use his credit card to buy half of those iPads," Klaus said softly.  "That's kind of a lot. It's a good thing you guys don't live on a teacher's salary," Alaric mused.  "Or a therapists," Cami whispered. Grayson had fallen asleep in her arms.  "Cami, do you have him? I'm going to hit the loo, as Klaus says," Alaric said.  Klaus stopped opening the bottle of wine.  "I wanted to wait, but with that babe in your arms, I cannot. Camille O'Connell, the love of my long life, my best friend, my muse, will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?" Klaus knelt and took out a velvet box from his pocket.  Klaus opened the box to show Cami a large princess cut sapphire. She was still holding the baby, but tried to hold out her hand so he could slip on the ring.  Cami nodded, "Yes, Klaus. Yes." "The ancient Egyptians believed in the vena amoris, literally the “vein of love” that runs directly from the heart to the fourth finger on the left hand," Klaus said as he slipped the ring on her finger, "Camille, I will do everything I can to make you happy, as happy as you have made me." "Yes, Klaus," Cami laughed.  Alaric came back from the bathroom, "What'd I miss?" ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Caroline found Tyler up in his room trying to put batteries in a remote control car for Finn and Henrik.  "Give me that other screwdriver," Tyler said to Matt, who was working on another toy.  "Hey Caroline, Merry Christmas," Matt said getting up to hug her.  "Hey Matt, you, too. Hey boys, um, Ty, can I talk to you," Caroline said in a shaky voice.  "Sure," he handed the car and screwdriver to Matt and took her into the younger boys room next door.  "Caroline, if you want to break up with me, that's fine. But I have been trying to call you back, I swear," Tyler exploded in frustration.  "Tyler, why are you yelling at me? I've been busy. I don't want to break up. A lot has been going on," Caroline said plopping down heavily on the bed.  "I'm not yelling. Fine, I was yelling. Sorry, it's been stressful, you know. I changed into a hybrid, can't go to school, crave blood, my senses are better, I feel things more acutely, it's intense. Really, I'm sorry. Tell me what going on," Tyler said sitting beside her.  Caroline shut her eyes and blurted out, "I'm pregnant." 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mikaelson Mansion Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010Christmas DaySaturday Afternoon "P-P-Pregnant?" Tyler stuttered. Tyler's eyes almost bugged out of his head.  "But I'm half vampire now, I can't even have kids, I-," Tyler gasped.  "I'm like three months pregnant. Ha, I guess you can have a period and be pregnant. Who knew!" Caroline laughed sadly.  "Oh my god, Car. Who else knows about this?" Tyler demanded.  "Elena, Bonnie, my mom, obviously," Caroline said.  "Do you realize that this is kind of a ...miracle? I thought after I became a hybrid, I'd never be able to have kids. Car, I mean, I'm sorry, the timing is no good, but this is amazing. Caroline, remember my dreams!" Tyler said suddenly excited.  "You mean about the wolf pups?" Caroline asked.  "Do you think it could be twins? Did you go to a doctor?" Tyler asked.  "Next week, my mom made an appointment for me. Tyler, she's not um, thrilled," Caroline said worriedly.  "Does my mom know?" Tyler asked suddenly. Mayor Lockwood was invited, but declined the invitation to dine at the Mikaelson's for Christmas.  "No, it's not my mom's place to tell her. That's your job," Caroline smirked.  Carol Lockwood was a formidable woman and Tyler was always a little intimidated by his mom.  "Caroline, what are we going to do? We're juniors in high school. We have no jobs. Oh my god, I'm freaking," Tyler asserted. "Tyler, we'll figure it out. Just promise me that we're keeping our baby. My mom was talking about adoption. No way," Caroline said.  "Car, this kid, our kid, is going to be a werewolf. We just can't dump it off with another family. This is our baby," Tyler said. He stood and pulled Caroline to him.  "You're really happy?" Caroline breathed.  "Yeah, are you?" Tyler asked.  "Nervous. Like really nervous. Tyler, what if-," Caroline began, until Finn and Henrik burst in.  "Why are you hugging in our room, Tyler?" Finn said jumping on the bed. Henrik jumped up, too.  "Guys, off the beds. You just fell off like yesterday," Tyler said letting go of Caroline and putting them on the floor.  "I think Tyler wants to play football with you!" Caroline suggested, laughing as both boys tried to tackle him to the floor. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Klaus and Cami announced their engagement to the rest of the family at dinner. Everyone congratulated them and seemed happy, except Penny, who scowled and didn't say a word. Since so many more people were there, it was a buffet style dinner. Freya took her plate over and sat by Penny. Sadie was trying to beg food from her, but she was ignoring her.  "Penny, hon, what's wrong? Are you upset about Klaus and Cami getting married? I know it's a big change but that doesn't mean your dad is going to love you any less," Freya acknowledged.  "He's not my real dad, he's my guardian," Penny huffed.  "No, Niklaus adopted you. That means he is your real dad legally and otherwise. He loves you and wants you to be happy. Think of it as Cami is a new...," Freya stopped before she finished her sentence.  "Mom? She's my new mom? I didn't even know my old mom," Penny clarified.  "You know, Penny, I didn't know my mom either. She gave me to her sister when I was little and believe me, my aunt was an evil witch," Freya conceded.  "She was mean to you?" Penny pressed.  "It's hard to explain. She controlled me and used me for my magic. She used to tell me that my mother didn't want me anymore, but I didn't believe her until...no one ever came for me," Freya recalled.  "No one came for me either," Penny said.  "But that's not true. We did come for you, Penny. And you are here now.  Your brothers are here and you have a new family, a new chance at happiness, always and forever," Freya smiled.  "What if my real dad is out there and tries to come take me?" Penny asked. Freya thought her eyes looked like the sea, so blue, but dark and stormy. "Hon, that's not going to happen. We won't let it. Your real dad is right over there," Freya said indicating Klaus across the room.  "Okay," Penny said, finally giving Sadie a small piece of ham. Sadie waged her tail and finally sat down.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Tyler tried to talk to Caroline alone again, but it was impossible. He finally caught Bonnie.  "So you know? Ah, congrats? I don't know what to say," Bonnie admitted.  "Bonnie, how come I can't heard the baby's heart beat?" Tyler asked.  "Cloaking spell. We knew where we were coming, so I cloaked it," Bonnie whispered.  "Thanks. And thanks for helping. I really can't believe this. It's something I never thought would happen since I became a hybrid," Tyler added.  "How is that? The drinking blood and I don't know, turning into a bat?" Bonnie joked.  "Very funny. The blood part is hard because the thirst is so strong, it's hard to control. We're only allowed to have like one blood bag a day and no drinking from the vein, unless it's an animal," Tyler shared.  "Wow, an animal? That's intense. I think Stefan does that. Damon, on the other hand, is Damon," Bonnie said with despair.  "Where the hell is Elena? I feel bad for Jeremy. He really wanted her to come," Tyler said.  "No idea. I'll talk to Jeremy. He seems okay, though," Bonnie said looking around for him.  "Yeah, Matt's the one who has PMS. Ever since, I don't know, Connor and Erik got here, he's been such a dick to me. I don't know why," Tyler complained.  "Tyler, you were his best friend. Now you have all these wolf buddies and he is left out. I can tell you're super close with Connor, but you should try to include Matt more," Bonnie suggested.  "It's just the things we used to do, like play football and work out together, we can't really do. Even video games, my reflexes are so fast...," Tyler realized he sounded obnoxious, "I'll figure something out. Thanks, Bonnie." Tyler realized he had bigger issues that Matt being pissy with him. He was going to be...a father. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Saturday eveningBackyard"So can we get married tonight?" Klaus said kissing Cami. They were alone in the backyard.  "Ah, no, but how about June?" Cami suggested.  "January?" Klaus pushed.  "Maybe?" Cami giggled as he picked her up and spun her around.  "That engagement ring once belonged to a queen, an empress rather," Klaus started.  "Really, an empress? Who?" Cami questioned.  "The Empress Josephine. The story goes that Napoleon met Josephine in 1795, despite the fact that he did not have much money, he splurged and bought her that ring in hopes she would accept. She did and later, the "You and Me" setting became very popular," Klaus added.  "Were they happy?" Cami asked.  "He loved her until the day he died, as I shall love you," Klaus promised.  Klaus didn't mention that people thought Napoleon was the anti-christ and that they later got divorced because she couldn't bear Napoleon any heirs and cheated on him, but it was true that he loved her and made sure she retained her title as Empress until her death. Napoleon, of course, died on St. Helena, in exile.  "Are you sure this is good for your kids? I mean, I'm going to be a step mom to six kids? I felt like Penny was glaring at me," Cami worried.  "Penny? I'm sorry, luv. I'll talk to her. I think the boys will be fine, but yes, Penny has been difficult. I know I'm walking around on eggshells around her, making excuses for her bad behavior, but I keep thinking she just needs a little more time. She looks like a little princess with her pale skin, dark hair, and those eyes, but acts like a villian," Klaus conceded.  "Hey, you knew it wasn't going to be easy and you still adopted those kids. Klaus, you're doing your best and I would be proud to stand by your side and help you," Cami said.  "Will you stay over tonight? It is Christmas," Klaus effused.  "I am not disputing that fact. Yes, I think I will stay. Thank you," Cami enthused as she admired her ring again. An empress she was not, but Klaus made her feel like a queen. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Saturday eveningGreat roomErik sat on the couch in between Davina and Kol and realized he was a buffer. They kept talking to each other over him. "So, are you going to wear your cufflinks tonight?" Davina purred. "Of course, Darling," Kol said putting them on.  Erik couldn't take it anymore, he shouted, "Why don't you two get a freaking room? Ugh!"  Elijah frowned, "Erik, that's enough. You're being very rude."  Erik's face colored to be scolded in front of other people.  "Whatever. This is bullshit," he continued. He took his plate and slammed it on the kitchen island. Vanessa said, "Maybe you ought to go after him? He seems awfully upset." "Of course, dear," Elijah said patiently.  Elijah caught up with Erik going up the stairs.  "Erik, come back here please," Elijah said in a calm, but firm voice.  Erik sighed loudly and stomped back down the stairs he had marched up.  "What?" Erik snapped. "Let's try this again, shall we?" Elijah said.  "Sorry, can I go up to my room?" Erik said more politely. Sadie ran and followed Erik.  "Erik, it's a holiday. I know this can be a hard day after losing someone. Want to talk about it?" Elijah asked.  "No really. Can I just go upstairs?" Erik said. Sadie went up with him. Maybe the dog would provide the boy with some comfort that humans couldn't, Elijah thought sadly.  Elijah relented, "Go ahead, Erik. Maybe get some rest, huh?" ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Tyler, Connor, Erik's room2nd floorTyler couldn't tell his dad tonight. Not when he looked so happy about Cami. What reaction could he expect his dad to give? Happiness? Pride? Disappointment? He knew it would be hard to argue that he was mature enough to raise a child when he just got spanked earlier for acting like a brat. God, would he be doing the same shit to his own kid? Would the kid be pouting about him being unfair and mean like he had often done? At least he could protect his baby more now that he was a hybrid. Tyler guessed the kid could hate him as long as he or she were safe. And Caroline? He would need to protect her. Would she turn? They had planned to go to college. Tyler always wanted to do something with sports or business. Would he have to work at the gas station now? Caroline talked about journalism and being on the news. Could she do that as a teen mom? Tyler walked in the bedroom. Half of their gifts were downstairs and half on the floor in here. He said Erik playing video games.  "Hey, man. Hey Sadie," Tyler said petting the panting dog.  "What up? Not a bad haul. How much do you think they spent on all this shit?" Erik asked.  "A lot. Honestly, I used to get a lot for Christmas. You know, only child and all that, but nothing like this. I can't believe I got that guitar. Pretty cool, though," Tyler smiled, starting to change.  "Yeah, they better get cases for those iPads. I saw Henrik drop his like three times. It's gonna crack like yesterday," Erik said still playing.  "Dude, that kid needs a helmet. He fell off the bed again yesterday when they were jumping. If it wasn't for our hybrid reflexes, I never would have caught him. I'm surprised those kids don't live in the emergency room," Tyler laughed. Now wondering if his own kid would be like that.  "Back home, we didn't go to no hospital. They would just put castor oil or honey on anything. Chop off a finger, wrap it in duct tape and put some castor oil on it, good as new. Got a fever of 105, here's some honey in hot water, good luck," Erik smiled, patting Sadie who slept beside him. "Oww, that sounds kind of rough," Tyler admitted.  "Yeah, well, there aint' too many clinics and doctors in the bayou so you have to make do.  That's where our kin lived, we stayed with them when we weren't with our mama in those motel dumps," Erik revealed.  "You should write a book about your life, man. I mean maybe leave out the wolf part, but the other stuff," Tyler suggested.  "Ain't nobody want to read about my sad sack life. Hell, I guess I don't even really know half of what really happened in the past," Erik said.  "Yeah, well, look, Bro, you got all the time in the world now. And no one can mess with us. We're almost as strong as Dad and they should fear us," Tyler said climbing up to his bed.  "Who?" Erik asked.  "Our enemies!" Tyler replied.  "Yeah, there seems to be a lot of those. Problem is, I'm half Guerrera, so you see how this could be an issue," Erik exposed.  Tyler hadn't thought of it. What if the Mikaelsons were fighting the Lockwoods? Would he be so quick to want to destroy them?  "I see. I guess I never thought of that. Didn't Marcel say that none of them would concede? Maybe they can hold them in dungeons until they change their mind and come around?" Tyler suggested.  "Maybe if they know we're half Guerrera's and half Mikaelson's now, they would be more likely to make a treaty? I'd like to go down home and try to make some peace. But the last time I tried to suggest it, it didn't go real well," Erik flushed.  "You mean you tried to go back to New Orleans to help with the wolf situation? Maybe you could help?" Tyler wondered.  "Klaus said it was too dangerous. I wanted to help look for Penny...," Erik ended his game and put down the controller.  "Dude, what happened?" Tyler pressed.  "I ended up getting a whooping with that traitor brother of mine handing Dad a ruler to wallop me with, right on the bare ass," Erik added. Tyler had never heard Erik refer to Klaus as "Dad" so he supposed that was making progress.  "You mean you got beat and your brother stayed and watched?" Tyler prompted, not sure this story made sense.  "Yup. Connor stood there while I got it, handed over the ruler, and didn't say a damn word to help me. It was the first and last time I ever went for a talk in Elijah's office. Didn't know arguing would get me that. Connor was even aiming for me to get a licking, all cause I wanted to brung back our damn sister. Some brother, huh?" Erik fumed.  "Sorry, Erik. I didn't know. That sucks. I mean, I knew you guys haven't been getting along but I really thought it was more because of your mom," Tyler said. He was glad to get his mind off his own problems for a few moments.  "Tyler, I know it's Christmas and all but if he weren't my brother, I would kill him for what he done. I mean it, kill him. The other stuff is just icing on the cake. I just feel like he ain't on my side. I feel like Penny feels the same way," Erik confessed.  Tyler was alarmed. For a moment, he didn't know what to say.  "Erik, I can't understand what you are going through, man. But I don't think your mom would want you guys to be this pissed at Connor. I mean she came here to us to save us, right?" Tyler said. "I reckon that's true. But anybody coulda been the sacrifice, some fuckin' rapist or no good scumbag. My mama mighta been a whore and junkie, but that's because she was forced into it. Here's the truth, Ty, Connor didn't kill her because she told him to. He ain't never listened to shit that woman said his entire life, he did it because he wanted her dead. He was pissed at our shitty lives and he wanted her to fuckin' pay," Erik finished.  Tyler was shocked, "Erik, I'm sorry. That's some dark shit. Do you think you should talk to someone about this?"  "Why? What's done is done. The past is the past. Mama is dead and we will live forever as orphans. Merry fucking Christmas. I'm going to bed, man. Sorry for rantin'," Erik said heavily. He sounded much older than 14.  "Brother, you are not an orphan.  Listen, we'll go out hunting tomorrow on my family property, okay? Maybe find a rapist or pervert, you can tear them apart and you'll feel better," Tyler was only half joking. He wanted to go to his Dad about this, but he knew Cami was here and he didn't want to violate Erik's trust.  Connor seemed in the dark about Erik's deep resentment.  "Thanks, man. Maybe a hundred would make me feel better," Erik said getting in the bottom bunk. He wanted to be asleep by the time Connor came in so he wouldn't have to look at him.  Sure enough, when Connor came in both Tyler and Erik were sleeping, or pretending to be. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Penny had asked Freya to stay with her over night. The bed was huge. Davina had been staying back in the room since they came back, but said tonight she had a headache and was going to sleep in her old bedroom.  Penny woke up suddenly. She had dreamt of witches. They were hanging from trees. Fires were burning and people were chanting and throwing things. She couldn't understand the language.  Penny got out of bed. She heard something. She went into the hallway. She didn't know what time it was. No one was in Klaus' room. He and Cami were downstairs. Outside Finn and Henrik's door, which was cracked, she could tell they were sleeping. Matt and Jeremy across the hallway, sleeping. She opened the door to Erik, Connor, and Tyler's room, sleeping.  Further down the hallway, she padded down on the thick carpet. Something was drawing her to that door, it was Uncle Kol's room. She couldn't hear anything. Something was wrong. Penny slammed against the door suddenly cracking it open and breaking the door. Her new strength alarmed her and jarred her awake further. "What the hell?" Davina shouted.  "Jesus-," Kol exclaimed.    Kol turned on the light. He was still in his suit. Davina was in her pajamas on his bed.  "Penny, what's going on?" Davina repeated.  "You broke the bloody door, you little...," Kol shouted. "Kol," Davina restrained him. Giving him a serious look.  Freya appeared behind Penny.  "What in the world in going on?" Freya asked. "Oh, god."  "It's not what you think," Kol interjected.  Davina said, "We were just exchanging gifts."  Klaus heard the door breaking from downstairs and vamped up.  Klaus was now behind Freya, "I bet you were. Davina, you best come with me."  "Brother, we were just talking. She wanted me to put on my cuff links and...," Kol seemed confused.  Freya gave Davina a firm look, "Davina, did you enchant those cufflinks?" Davina giggled nervously, "It's a new spell I learned. I just wanted to see if it worked."  "What the hell is going on? Davina, are you-?" Marcel thundered.  "Marcel, we were just talking!" Kol exclaimed.  "Oh hell, no! Davina, get your butt upstairs right now, young lady," Marcel thundered.  "Son, take it easy. Let's find out what happened," Klaus said putting a hand on his shoulder.  Freya again looked hard at Davina, "Did you use magic on those cuff links? Tell me the truth. You know I can figure it out."  Davina began to cry, "Just a little. It was nothing big. All it did was let us spend some time together. Kol, you understand right?" Kol didn't until Freya went over and unfastened the cuff links.  "Brother?" Freya said gently, cupping the magical cuff links in her hand.  "What happened?" Kol said dazed.  "We'll explain later," Freya said glaring at Davina. "Davina, darling, what's wrong?" Kol said getting up.  Marcel held up a hand, "Just stop there. She's in enough trouble. We are going home tomorrow. We'll deal with this then." Klaus winced when Marcel said "home." Marcel noticed and said, "Papa, you know what I mean. We got to get back anyway. Father K. called. Some shit went down today."  "On Christmas Day? Those Guerreras? What a pack of thugs! Do what you need to, son," Klaus offered.  Marcel took Davina firmly by the arm and marched her upstairs. She tried to turn and look back at Kol, but she didn't have the chance.  Freya turned to Kol and Klaus, "Brothers, let me take these cuff links. Kol, I don't even know what kind of spell she concocted, but you are blameless. I'm going to get Penny back to bed and I'll take a look tomorrow."  Kol was stunned and had no idea what happened to the door.  At this point, he didn't want to know. He took off his suit, throwing it on the floor and went to bed. Elijah would later reprimand him for not taking proper care of his clothes, but for now he didn't care. Klaus went downstairs and tried to fill in Cami. He hoped she understood what she was getting into with his family. Freya walked Penny back, "Honey, what woke you?" "I dreamt that I was in a clearing. There were witching hanging from trees, their heads were shaved. There were fires burning and dirty people yelling. Freya, I'm scared. It seemed so real," Penny shook.  Freya put her arm around her, "I'm sure it's just a bad dream. The boys shouldn't be watching those scary movies around you." "But it felt so real, I couldn't understand the words. Something, something Malleus Maleficarum, I don't know," Penny babbled.  "Did you say Malleus Maleficarum?" Freya stopped. "Yes, why?" Penny wondered. "That is a book from the 15th century on how to torture witches, it is translated as The Witches Hammer," Freya said slowly.  "How do you know?" Penny whimpered.  "They captured me in 1620 and tried to burn me at the stake for being a witch. My aunt had put a spell on me and I could not die. My aunt Dahlia came and killed all of them. Burnt them to a crisp. But now, that spell is off. I am no longer immortal. I wonder...," Freya whispered.  "What?" Penny demanded, getting scared again.  "I wonder if they are back and this time they mean to kill me for good?" Freya asked.  "But Freya, how did I get this vision? I'm not a witch," Penny scoffed.  Freya shook her head, "Penny, I'm not so sure about that. We don't know exactly what your background is, you could be the first tribrid. A witch, a wolf, and a vampire. Henrik has shown signs of becoming a seer, so I doubt you are too, but you are something. It's very rare. But you were able to suck a memory from my consciousness from 400 years ago and we don't know why. You were also able to sense Davina's magic in Kol's room...Let's go to sleep. I'll see if Bonnie will help me test you tomorrow." "A tribrid? People better not mess me, though," Penny smirked.  "Penny," Freya warned, "Back in bed. Don't think this will let you get away with murder around here. Hurry up or I'm going to count to 3. One." Penny scowled, flipped her dark hair back and got into the bed stiffly.  Freya was sensing that this child, who just sucked out her second darkest memory, was going to get more challenging. She needed a strong valerian, lavender, and lemon balm tea right now, but lacked the will to get up. Freya lay awake and thought about the time she burned alive, but could not die, until the sun came up. Christmas was over. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Either men will learn to live like brothers, or they will die like beasts.                                                         — Max Lerner Mikaelson Mansion Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010December 27, 2010Monday AfternoonCami didn't have to work the day after Christmas and ended up staying another night. She even borrowed some clothes from Freya and Vanessa so she didn't have to run back to her condo. As many future brides, she couldn't stop looking at the engagement ring.  Cami did have some concerns about Penny. Freya had shared her weird visions about from the 15th century with everyone. When everyone left the kitchen after breakfast, Cami stayed to help Freya help up so they could talk in private.  "Freya, do you think you could have sleep talked about it and maybe she heard you? Or did you have something about it written that she could have read?" Cami prodded.  "It's a possibility. I mean that gruesome scene happened 400 years ago and it's something I try not to think about. What is worse that what happened to me is what my aunt did to everyone else. She murdered everyone, even the other accused witches. Some of them she turned inside out. Dahlia was nothing if not dramatic.  Those witch hunters, though, they were there with the blessing of the Pope himself...I just don't know," Freya conceded helplessly.  "Freya, it's okay. We don't need to rehash all this. But maybe it would help for you to write out what happened. Just to get it out, from start to finish.  How did Penny seem to you today?" Cami asked.  "Just as sassy as ever. She was a sweet and quiet thing when she came here, but ever since that night her mother died and she got turned, she's been difficult. It's like all the anger she bottled up is coming to the surface. And Cami, she gets so mean with Connor, Finn, and even Henrik. Hell, she's mean to Niklaus. But it's like all he sees is this little beautiful doll," Freya went on.  "She hates my guts. As a therapist, we call that displacement. She doesn't know me enough to actually dislike me, but I either remind her of someone she hates or really doesn't care for," Cami smiled.  "Is it a good sign that she is reacting though? Like showing that she cares?" Freya asked. "I think it's a start. I might say something to Klaus about setting some limits with her. But I do think we all need to be careful to do the praise publicity, criticize privately thing. Kids like her can go into survival mode quickly. If she doesn't feel safe and secure, she could get triggered by something and throw a real fit," Cami mentioned.  Freya cringed, "She's strong. If she is a witch, and a wolf and a vampire...She would be virtually unstoppable. I'm not sure we can control her now." "I think it's more about teaching her to control herself while avoiding lectures, arguing, and threatening her. Easier said than done. Power struggles are something that neither side will 'win.' If she is not listening, she can be told to take a time out or be given an extra, what we call work chore, if she refuses that, that the step up would be privilege removal. But that would be the big guns, here. I think the more encouragement she can get, the better," Cami finished.  "That sounds wonderful, but I wonder how equipped we are to deal with this. I mean, that is not really the way my brothers and I learned to deal with things. I know we're terribly...old-fashioned," Freya admitted.  "Hey, I'm sorry, I wasn't trying to overwhelm you or say you guys haven't been doing a great job. That little girl has been through things that she can't even talk about yet. Freya, that's going to require a whole new set of tools. And this hybrid thing just adds fuel to the fire. I won't be naive enough to say that love alone is enough, it may not be, but it's a damn good start. Baby steps. Just try and do your best. No parent is perfect. Hell, sometimes shrinks haves the most screwed up kids, right? And what do I know about supernatural kids? Absolutely nada," Cami laughed. Freya joined her in laughter, but then got serious for a moment.  "Cami, promise me you'll be careful around her. As a human, you are vulnerable. If something would happen to you...Just promise me, okay?" Freya said taking her hands and squeezing them gently.    Tyler came in, "Hey, sorry to uh, interrupt, but do you know where my dad is?"  Cami said, "Yeah, he and Kol are in the garage messing around with his car." Cami was about to head home soon before her house plants all died. She promised Klaus she'd be back later.  "Thanks," Tyler said heading into the garage. He had to do this now or he would lose his courage.  "Dad, can I talk to you?" Tyler said as Klaus and Kol were leaning against Elijah's new 2010 Lincoln MKZ. Kol was saying something about a Jaguar, but stopped when he saw the serious look on Tyler's face.  "Son, yes, of course. Kol, we can take it out later for a spin, okay mate?" Klaus said hitting Kol on the back.  Klaus headed toward Tyler and directed him towards the exterior door, "Let's go outside. I want to check on those scrubs near the walkway. I think they are dying."  When they got outside, Klaus stopped and waited for him to say something.  "First of all, I'm worried about Erik. I talked to him the other night and he's like just boiling with rage against Connor. Connor pretty much has no idea, but Erik thinks Connor killed their mom out of spite," Tyler started. Klaus opened his mouth to reply. But Tyler just kept going. "Second of all, Caroline is pregnant. For real," Tyler said squeezing his eyes shut for a second.  "P-Pregnant? Caroline?" Klaus repeated in shock. His mind went blank for a second.  "Yeah, she told me on Christmas Day," Tyler said feeling overwhelmed.  "Oh Son," Klaus embraced him tightly, "It's okay. I will support you two with whatever you decide you want to do. I mean that."  Tyler swiped away the tears that escaped, and asked, "You're not mad?" "No, no, Son. Listen, the timing is terrible, but when you turned hybrid that night my first thought was that you would never have those little wolves like you dreamt of. Sure, you can adopt, look at us, but Tyler this is special, too. Does Caroline know what she wants to do?" Klaus asked.  "No, her mom knows. But I don't know, Dad. I mean we're still in high school. Just seeing Alaric and Jenna on Christmas, it doesn't look fun. I don't think we can do that, not yet," Tyler admitted.  "I'll support you whatever you want to do, but please don't leave. We need you here.  Caroline can move in here. You can keep the baby, but you know this child is special. You cannot\hand it over to be raised by strangers," Klaus clarified.  "No way, this is still our kid. We'd never do that. But I just don't think we are ready to be like, real parents. I mean, half the time Car and I fight. Just learning how to be a hybrid and not drain people dry is a struggle. Caroline is ambitious, but...," Tyler's mind raced in a thousand directions. Tyler still felt like a kid himself, he had been thinking about playing football again next year and taking guitar lessons, not changing diapers. Connor had just reamed Tyler for not picking up his dirty socks from their room, how would he take care of a real baby? He had never held one. "You have time. Nothing need decided now. And it's a decision that you and Caroline need to make on your own. Her mother, your mother, me, we can't decide the future of you two and this child. It is ironic, though," Klaus smiled. "What? What's ironic?" Tyler asked.  "My little sister has wanted a child for a thousand years.  She used to make dolls from scraps of fabric and corn husks. I always thought they were hideous, but to her, they were her babies. Would you ever consider...?" Klaus drifted. Tyler understood what he meant. Would he consider giving his child to Rebekah and Marcel? He saw how they adored Davina and each other.  "I could bring it up to Caroline, but I would assume they would have to live here. Even if we went to Whitmore College, I'm sure she would want an open adoption," Tyler said. He felt better, a spark of hope.  "Thank you, Tyler. I have a confession to make. A century ago, when it was just Elijah, Rebekah, Kol, and Marcellus, and me living in New Orleans, I found floor plans for their dream house. Yes, Rebekah and Marcel had been planning to live in this grand house. I'm afraid I became angry and didn't handle it well. I couldn't lose them, you see. But the thing that I recall from those plans is the nursery, even then, before 1913, they wanted a child of their own. I prevented that with my wrath and fear of letting them go...But feel no pressure, whatever you decide, I will stand by you," Klaus said clamping his hand on his shoulder.  "Thanks, Dad.  I'll talk to Caroline today," Tyler promised.   "What were you saying about Erik?" Klaus asked. But as Tyler filled him in, Erik was already gone. He was headed back to Louisiana. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Connor kicked Tyler's dirty clothes into a pile. He refused to touch them. What a slob! No wonder Matt and Jeremy moved out of this room. Connor finally decided he should take some laundry down. This house was like a hotel, there were four big washers and dryers in a laundry room in the basement level. They hardly used the elevators except when they took laundry up and down, but Connor used it today.  His hybrid senses picked up his brother's scent. That's odd. They typically didn't take the elevator to just go up or down one floor. Connor had assumed Erik was in Jeremy and Matt's room or somewhere with Penny. He took the laundry down and put in two loads. He felt like a sucker for washing Tyler's clothes but something was going on with him. Something was also going on with his brother. There had been times when he and Erik had not gotten along, but most of the time, they had been close. Since the night they changed into hybrids, he sensed an animosity from Erik that he didn't know how to deal with. His new wolf senses sometimes smelled hatred mixed with love rolling off of Erik. Pain mixed with sadness. Rage mixed with fear. Connor had tried to talk to him, but Erik just ignored him or gave him monotone answers.  Connor had let it go, but it had been over a month and he had had about enough. He was going to confront him today. What was done, was done. Erik had to accept that their mother was dead. Yes, it had been by his hand, but he had no choice. Connor had saved all of them, he thought to himself. He took the elevator back up to the second floor and knocked on Matt and Jeremy's door.  "Hey, it's me," Connor said. There was no answer. He opened the door. They were both still sleeping.  "What time is it?" Jeremy groaned.  "11 am. Hey, was Erik in here, y'all?" Connor intoned.  "Nah, why?" Jeremy asked, turned around to go back to sleep. Elijah and Vanessa had taken the boys out to return some things that they wanted to return and to go to the movies. So that room was empty. Connor didn't think that Erik would be with Kol, but he walked down and looked in through his still busted door. Empty.  Connor checked the game room upstairs. Empty. He could tell no one had been up there all day.  Going down to the first floor, he got some blood from his designated blood bag in the frig.  Kol was in the great room watching ESPN.  "Hey Uncle Kol, did you see Erik around today? At all?" Connor asked sipping on his blood.  "No, mate. Sorry. Saints vs. Falcons today," Kol said listlessly.  "Saints will win, hands down. I gotta support New Orleans. I'll be back. I can't find Erik's ass anywhere," Connor said. He was getting worried now and checked Elijah's study. Thinking of the Saints and the day Erik wanted to find their sister...surely, he wouldn't try to get involved in all that wolf stuff again. Would he? Erik vamped outside. He saw Klaus and Tyler talking. For a moment he felt a spike of jealously. It was hard to miss how close they were. Klaus treated all of them with the same affection, yet it was harder for Connor to accept it. Connor walked over as he could tell he was interrupting.  "Ah, have y'all seen Erik? He ain't in the house and no one has seen him all day," Connor began.  Klaus and Tyler looked at each other like they knew something he didn't. "What? Is there something you ain't telling me? He's my brother, dammit," Connor demanded.   Klaus took Connor by the arm, "Don't worry. We'll find him. He's been angrier at you then I think any of us realized. I hope to hell he didn't try to go down to New Orleans and find the Guerrera's responsible for what happened to your mother. I will call Marcel, just in case. We'll have Elijah check the security film." "Uncle Elijah is at the movies with the kids," Tyler added.  "Okay, let me see if Penny knows anything," Klaus said.  "I reckon she went grocery shopping with Freya," Connor mentioned.  "You two are hybrid now. Use your senses and try to track Erik's scent. Close your eyes if you need to. Start with the last place you know you saw him, probably his bed," Klaus ordered.  Klaus got Kol and they began to scan the property. Kol found a disturbance out by the tree line. He most likely went out the exit by the guest house and used the road there.  Klaus called Marcel just to make sure he was on alert. "Marcellus, we think Erik may be on his way down to New Orleans," Klaus started.  "What?" Marcel spat.  "He's been furious with his brother and at the Guerrera situation. I think he is hell bent on finding the wolves responsible for his mother's situation. This is all my fault! I was so wrapped up in myself and Cami that I wasn't paying attention to this. Can you post some guys in the Bayou also? I'm worried sick what those Guerrera's will do if they find him first," Klaus fumed.  "Don't worry, Papa. We'll find him. It's not your fault. There is a little bit of a situation here, though. Wolves have been gathering like crazy in the Bayou. I'm working day and night trying to get a witch to lift the Crescent curse, but you know witches," Marcel frowned.  "A pain in the arse. All except your lovely Davina," Klaus said smiling at Kol.  "Oh no, your little grand witch snuck out and got wasted. But don't worry, I don't think she is going to pull that one again," Marcel revealed.  "Oh dear, I certainly hope not. You know I never approved of you drinking spirits when you were that age. Though, it didn't stop you, did it?" Klaus smirked.  "Papa, let's not rehash the past. I got the perfect vampire to post in the Bayou. We'll find Erik and return him to you safe and sound, I promise," Marcel said with confidence.  "Marcellus," Klaus said in a low voice, "don't mention this to Rebekah, but Tyler's Caroline is pregnant."  "What? Oh my god, but I thought with him being a hybrid, that he couldn't...." Marcel started.  "It was either before or hybrids can indeed have children, we don't know yet, but they are young and...I was thinking of the plans for your dream house, do you recall?" Klaus mentioned.  "Of course. The nursery. I knew you could never understand why I added that, but it was what Rebekah wanted more than anything. A baby of our own. Do you think that they would consider it?" Marcel asked quietly.  "He is, he knows they are too young. I don't know about her, but Tyler thinks of you were here in Mystic Falls, it could be an open adoption," Klaus added.  "Okay, keep me posted. I won't get her hopes up," Marcel said in a low voice.  "Thank you, Son. Bring Erik back to us. He is just a boy, but he is also a Guerrera. I fear that they will poison his mind to us and we will lose him," Klaus cautioned.  "I won't let that happen. I love you, Papa," Marcel said hoarsely.  "Always and forever, Marcellus," Klaus said hanging up. Monday EveningConnor tried to ask Penny if she knew anything about Erik leaving. All she said was no. He didn't know if she was lying or not.  She was a stranger to him. Connor was sitting on the back patio throwing a stick back and forth for Sadie to catch.  Tyler came out and stood behind him.  "I never thought he would leave Sadie," Connor admitted watching her retrieve the stick again.  "Sorry, bro. I wish I would have said something sooner, but ah, well, Caroline is pregnant," Tyler admitted. He petted Sadie as she ran over to him. "What? So you're going to be a daddy? Hot damn. You know I washed your clothes today, boy?" Connor said shaking his hand.  "Yeah, thanks, for that. I don't know what we're going to do. At first I thought we could take care of a kid, but that I realized I literally can't take care of myself," Tyler said softly.  "I knew something was going on with you, but this didn't cross my mind. Hey, what exactly did Erik say about me? I mean, can you tell me? Cause he sure as hell wouldn't tell me a thing," Connor pleaded.  "Connor, I really don't want to betray his confidence. Really, it's not my place," Tyler conceded.  "I know. Sorry for asking. I just keep thinking back to where things went wrong. I mean I know he was furious about the night we got turned, but before that, things were okay," Connor acknowledged. "He brought up something about a ruler? Him getting beat for basically doing exactly what he did today, running off. You were there? Didn't help him," Tyler speculated.  "Jesus, really? He was pissed about that? He got his ass whupped for trying to go get Penny, like an idiot. It was crazy and he would not back down. If Dad hasn't kicked his ass, I was about to. Believe me, we both got licked plenty worse before but I guess he don't think of himself as a kid anymore. He thinks he's some kind of a damn hero now. Too big for his britches. I don't know what happened. Maybe I ought to go down there after him?" Connor said putting his head in his hands.  "Dude, you just said he was an idiot and now you want to do the same thing? Do you hear yourself? Maybe he went someone else? Why is everyone so sure he went back to Louisiana?" Tyler scoffed.  "Tyler, he's my little brother. You don't know what those Guerrera's are like. I feel like this is all my fault. I don't know what to do," Connor admitted.  "Hey, listen. Let Dad handle this. Marcel is down there. He's got a crew of vamps and contacts. They will find him.  You just gotta hold it together, okay? If it comes down to it and you need to go get him. Connor, look at me, I'll go with you. You're not going alone. Do you hear me?" Tyler questioned him gripping him firmly by the shoulders.  Connor nodded and could not answer in words. Maybe he still had a brother here after all? Sadie came up and waited for them to throw the stick again.
  
    Chapter Text
    “The human touch is that little snippet of physical affection that brings a bit of comfort, support, and kindness. It doesn’t take much from the one who gives it, but can make a huge difference in the one who receives it.”
                    ― Mya Robarts, The V Girl: A Coming of Age Story Mikaelson Mansion Mystic Falls, Virginia, 2010Tuesday, December 28, 2010Evening "I don't understand why this locator spell won't work. This is the 3rd one I've done," Freya griped. "Sister, maybe you have been exhausting yourself is why," Elijah stated.  "Perhaps. Between Penny's nightmares, my visions or whatever they are, and looking for Erik, I do feel worn out. I just don't know why it's not working. I've even had Bonnie try with no success," Freya conceded. Freya had dark circles under her eyes. Her blond hair was back in a messy bun and she was jumpy from too much coffee.  "We have some time. Marcellus is searching New Orleans and the full moon isn't until the 19th of January, that is, assuming that the Guerreras haven't figured out how to turn at will. I swear I thought we wiped out those thugs in the 1920s...," Elijah fumed.  "But then I would never have been born, right, Uncle Elijah?" Penny said coming from the hallway.  Elijah froze, he should have heard the girl coming. Elijah wasn't used to people surprising him.  "Penelope, I am sorry. I didn't mean it like that. We're just concerned with your brother and his safety," Elijah apologized.  "Erik? I don't think you need to be worried about him," Penny intoned.  Freya frowned, "Should we be worried about Connor instead? Penny, is there anything you need to tell us?" "No, nothing," Penny said.   "Can I get your something to eat?" Freya asked. "Just blood, please," Penny said innocently.  Freya got her a glass of blood and handed it to her.  Since the night Penny picked up on her memories from the past, Freya had stayed with her every night. More painful visions from Freya's life were surfacing from her life with Dahlia and Penny was having nightmares.  But Freya was afraid to leave the little girl alone. She would try another locator spell, maybe the next one would work.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Former medical office of Dr. Grayson Gilbert"Dude, why does your family still have this building? I mean, wouldn't it make more sense to sell it or rent it out?" Matt asked.  "Yeah, it would. I guess Jenna wanted to sell it, but since it was in my dad's family, she can't without permission from my Uncle John," Jeremy said slipping the key from the lock. "Your Uncle John is such a dick," Matt said.  "I know. Hurry up before someone sees us," Jeremy hissed.  "What exactly are we looking for?" Matt pressed.   The clinic was dusty and deserted. No one had used the building since the elder Gilberts had died on Wickery Bridge on that rainy night a few years back.  "I don't know, man. My father, Grayson, was in to something more than hunting. Things are starting to come back to me. Do you remember last Founder's Day, right after Vicky died, you know, the...?-" Jeremy started.  "The night that my mom tried to make out with Ty. Um, yeah, I kind of wish I could forget it. But what does that have to do with your dad being a hunter?" Matt inquired. That was the only Founder's Day celebration Matt and his mom had ever been invited to. He'd been having so much fun with Elena until his mom got drunk with Tyler and tried to kiss him. "There was a box of stuff that Ty's mom was pushing Elena to get out of storage to put on display. I remember looking through the stuff and my Uncle John comes out in the dining room and starts talking about the family legacy and all this crazy shit. I was high and didn't really care at the time, but I think he was trying to see what I knew. He was asking me about if I ever saw my dad with this old journal. Then, he was asking about some object. They are all hiding something," Jeremy swore.  "So is this connected to what you said Alaric was looking for, some relic for Damon? Mystic Falls seems like it was full of secrets from the start, man. And Jer, didn't Dad tell you to drop it?" Matt asked quietly as they descended to Dr. Gilbert's private office.  "Yeah, he did. But I need to know what they are hiding. If Uncle John and my aunt finally agree and sell this place, I might never know what my dad was up to. Uncle John said something like it was my duty to carry on the torch. He made it sound sinister," Jeremy admitted.  "Let's just go back to the Grill before we just busted for lying and not being where we are supposed to be. Holy shit! Look at all this stuff!" Matt said in awe. The office was piled with boxes set on gurneys and other medical devices.  "We were never allowed down here. I think my dad said there was a water leak and they found black mold, but look at this. I'll start here and you start over there," Jeremy directed.  "I don't even know what we are looking for. But why would a doctor have a crossbow?" Matt said holding up a wooden crossbow.  "Dude, look at these symbols. Matt, tell me this shit isn't weird," Jeremy said digging through a box of weapons.  "Do you hear something?" Matt said nervously.  Jeremy picked up a crossbow like he knew how to use it.  "Man, put that down before you kill me with friendly fire. This isn't Call of Duty. Fuck," Matt said in horror. Matt remembered when Jeremy was cursed by the Mark of the Five.  Before Jeremy could put down the weapon, Alaric and Damon walked through the door. Jeremy dropped the crossbow accidentally shooting the bolt into the wall by Damon's head. Damon brushed pieces of plaster off of the shoulder of his black leather jacket. "Ric, that's the second time this kid tried to kill me. Are you sure I can't kill him just because he's your nephew?" Damon said through gritted teeth.  "Alaric, Damon, what are you doing here?" Matt hissed.  "Sorry, Damon, it slipped," Jeremy panted. Damon lurched forward, but Ric restrained him with a hand.  "We are here on a mission from, well, actually Klaus. I guess a priest in New Orleans needs an object made by one of Jeremy's ancestors. It's called the Gilbert Device and it will determine who is supernatural and who is not. They need to make sure that all the Guerreras are out of hiding in the human population there. But I have a feeling Klaus doesn't know about you two being here, now," Alaric stated confidently.  "Uncle Ric, please, don't tell him. We'll be in so much trouble," Jeremy pleaded.  Matt just shook his head. "Dad thinks we are at the Grill. I told you this was a stupid idea, Jer!"  "Jeremy, what are you doing here? There are things here that I don't think your parents wanted you involved in," Alaric mentioned.  "Like what?" Jeremy questioned.  "They probably have something to do with these vampire-restraining gurneys that all this crap is sitting on for starters," Damon spat.  Alaric glared at Damon.  Jeremy and Matt looked closer and indeed saw steel restraints and more magical symbols burned into the table. "What is this place?" Jeremy asked in horror.  "Damon, keep looking for the device. I'm going to have these boys take me to their house. It's time we all sat down and had a little talk," Alaric said grabbing Matt and Jeremy by the scruffs of their necks and walking them out. Damon growled and began digging through the boxes quickly. He looked at the bolt in the wall and decided he needed a drink. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionLiving RoomLate Afternoon"They were doing what? Boys, I thought you went to the Grill," Klaus said in confusion.  "Dad, I'm sorry we lied, but I tried to talk to you about this before. I know you are all hiding something from me about my family. I need to know what it is," Jeremy concluded.  Klaus whispered something to Matt and he left the room.  Klaus took a breath, "Can you not trust us to say that there are some things you would rather not know?" "I'm not a little kid who can't handle the truth. My Uncle John hinted that whatever my dad was into would become my responsibility, my legacy," Jeremy countered.  Alaric added, "Jeremy, it would be your burden. Like Klaus said, ignorance in this case, is bliss. You need to trust us."  "Damnit, this is bullshit. It is my right to know. If you won't tell me, I'm going to keep searching until I figure it out. I mean it, Mystic Fall is my town too and I want to help keeping it safe," Jeremy shouted.  "Son, if I was you I would lower my voice and calm down," Klaus warned in a serious tone.  "Not until you tell me what the hell is going on," Jeremy shouted.  Elijah came in and brought Damon.  "Well, I guess I should be the one to tell the story since I got to personally experience the finer points of Dr. Gilbert's research. By the way, I think I found the Gilbert device," Damon said tossing a metal sphere to Klaus.  "Thank you. We'll send this to Father Kieran. It will help us a great deal," Klaus stated.  "Damon, what are you talking about?" Jeremy asked.  "So Jeremy, what no one else wants to tell you is that your dad, the saintly Dr. Gilbert, was actually a bit of a...monster," Damon began.  "Fuck you, Damon. You don't know shit about my dad!" Jeremy screamed, getting up quickly.  Klaus vamped over and grabbed his arm. "Jeremy, take a deep breath, this isn't going to be easy to hear. Sit by me," Klaus said calmly.  Damon went on, "I was captured in the 1950s by a secret society called the Augustine society. They held me in a cell for five years and tortured me, not just every day, but multiple times a day. They said they experimented on us for a "bigger purpose", whatever that is. The thing about being a vampire is, you can heal, they gave us just enough blood to keep us weak.  I was hungry and in pain for five years. I didn't think it would ever end. If I could have killed myself, I would have, but there weren't that merciful," Damon smirked.  "So what the hell does this have to do with my family?" Jeremy snapped.  "Your dad was in the Augustine society. It is led by the Whitmore family, yes, of Whitmore College, or what's left of them. Look Jeremy, those gurneys you saw today, they were the exact kind they would strap me down on 60 years ago. Jeremy, your dad was one of them. Ric has been helping me investigate and he found a membership list, Dr. Grayson Gilbert was a member until the day of his death," Damon insisted.  "No, my dad wouldn't torture people. Damon, you're lying. Just get the fuck out of here," Jeremy got up and ran upstair to his room.  "I'm sorry, Damon. He's clearly upset. I'll talk to him," Klaus said getting up.  "I get it, my dad was a dick, too. But Klaus, maybe give the kid some shooting lessons, he almost took my head off with a crossbow-again. Hate to cut this story time short, but it's way past happy hour," Damon said. "Thank you, Damon. Jeremy does seem to have some kind of repetitive urge to kill you. Does Elena know any of this?" Klaus wondered.  Damon shook his head, "No, Elena wants to be a doctor. Her father is her idol. I'm really not sure she could handle it right now." Klaus agreed, "I'll ask Jeremy to not mention it."   Alaric shook hands with Klaus and Elijah and left with Damon.  Elijah cringed, "The Augustine Society is still out there operating in tandem with the Mystic Fall town council. Who knows what else they are wrapped up in? It's okay, go talk to him, Brother. I'll ship this object to Marcellus."  "Thank you, Elijah. I really don't know what to do with him. I had asked him to abandon this search, but I can see he had no intention of that, Klaus realized.  "Letting go is a hard thing to do. Look at us, a thousand years and there are thing we still can't let go of," Elijah smiled. Klaus found Matt and Jeremy in their room.  "Matt, may I speak to your brother alone a moment? And I'll have a word with you later, Matthew?" Klaus asked. "Yeah, Dad," Matt eagerly responded. "I really can't even talk now, okay?" Jeremy noted.  "No, it's not okay. I can't imagine what is going through your mind right now, but I want you to consider that what Damon told you may not be the full story. You knew your father, what sort of man he was. Think about what would make him part of a society that tortured vampires. Why would he do that?" Klaus asked.  "I remember little bits and pieces of being in that office and I wonder if he was trying to help people. I mean, this is crazy, but do you think he could have been curing people with vampire blood? I remember people saying that he did miracles and saved their lives when other doctors couldn't...," Jeremy recalled.  "See? I'm sure there is more to the story than just the part Damon told you. He's clearly biased and still very angry, rightly so. But remember this Augustine Society is still operating. They have ties to the Mystic Falls council. They are still a dangerous group, that was one reason I didn't want you investigating and getting on their radar," Klaus asserted.  "Oh, I really didn't think there was anything worse than the town council out there," Jeremy admitted.  "I know that. You don't need to be worrying about all of this. Please don't mention anything yet to your sister. Damon doesn't think she knows anything about it. We'll look into it more. These Augustines are very secretive and well-connected, they are not a bunch of hunters fumbling along in the woods on a full moon, they are a different beast and more dangerous beast altogether," Klaus said.  "I won't say anything, Dad. My sister and I barely speak anymore anyway," Jeremy promised.  "I am not terribly impressed with your behavior tonight. The cursing, the disrespect, the lying! And what's this about you almost shooting Damon, again?" Klaus wondered.  "It was an accident. I know you want me to be sorry, but I still feel like I had a right to know this stuff," Jeremy insisted.  "Jeremy, I suppose I am more concerned about your safety than anything else. Can you promise me that you will drop this for now? You know the basics of what you wanted to know. Now, can you promise me that you will leave it alone, for now?" Klaus asked.  "No, I just don't see why I should have to stop," Jeremy argued.  "Because I am asking you to do so. Right now, Erik is missing. There is a chance I may have to go to New Orleans soon to retrieve him. I cannot do that and be worried you are going to get these Augustines after you," Klaus explained.  "Why would they come after me? That doesn't even make sense. Dad, you're being paranoid about this. Damon is probably lying about half the shit anyway," Jeremy exploded.  Despite trying to rationally discuss this with Jeremy, Klaus snapped. "I am done discussing this with you. You will not do anything to jeopardize you safety or Matt's again over this. It is done for now. When the time is right, I will help you figure out what is going on with this secret society. Do not test me on this, Son, or you will not like the results!" Klaus ordered.   "Whatever," Jeremy retorted.  "You have earned yourself well over your allotment for strikes for the day or even this week, young man. I will see you at 9:30 in my room, ready for bed. Do you understand me?" Klaus growled.  "Dad, you are overreacting," Jeremy whined. He suddenly realized too late that he had pushed Klaus too far.   "9:30 pm," Klaus reminded him. Klaus really needed to calm himself down. Jeremy had rarely been this defiant, especially over his safety.  "Dad, come on!" Jeremy begged. Klaus just gave him a stern look and tapped his watch. Jeremy cursed and flipped over on his bed. He yelled into his pillow and kicked some of his stuff onto the floor.  It really wasn't fair. It was his right to know things about his family and he didn't believe anything Damon said. Grayson Gilbert had saved as many lives as Damon probably took, Jeremy thought.  Thinking about his dad just upset him more and he found himself crying until he must have fallen asleep.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Finn and Henrik's RoomSecond floorEarly eveningMatt and Connor played a board game with Finn and Henrik while Klaus was talking to Jeremy. Tyler was at Caroline's house. It was hard to talk with the younger boys there, but Matt tried to fill in Connor.  "Matty, it's your turn. Hurry up, spin," Henrik said. Matt smiled. No one had ever called him that besides his sister Vicky.  "I'm going. There a six. Move my piece for me," Matt said indicating the board.  "Where is Jer now?" Connor asked. "He was downstairs having a talk. We got busted scoping out his dad's old office. Found some weird stuff," Matt whispered. "Connor, go.  You're probably going to lose because I'm ahead of you," Finn laughed.  "Yep. You already beat me twice," Connor admitted. Since Erik left and Tyler was working out things with Caroline, he'd been entertaining the younger kids. But Penny would leave the room when he came in. Matt went on, "Jeremy is pretty heated over this. We were supposed to be at the Grill, but of course, we went so I think that is considered lying."  Connor cringed, "That ain't good for you, is it?"  Matt agreed, "No, not really. Whatever happens, I just want to get it over with."  "Well, you're going to get your catch," Connor's supernatural hearing picked up Klaus opening the door in the hallway and walking in this direction.  "Hi boys, may I steal Matthew for a moment?" Klaus asked politely.  Connor gave Matt a sympathetic look as he got up and followed Klaus out into the hallway.  "Matt, let's talk in my study," Klaus said leading Matt a short distance down the hallway. He indicated to Matt to sit down in a chair across from the desk.  "I spoke to Jeremy and he'll quite adamant about finding out more about his family's past, no matter how painful or dangerous," Klaus started.  "I know, Dad. I tried to stop him. I was afraid if I didn't go with him, he'd go alone," Matt admitted.  "I know, Matt.  You were in a tough spot.  All I'm going to ask is that if he does it again that you will let me know. Dr. Gilbert was a member of an elite secret society that may have been involved in vampire capture and research. They are still operating out of Whitmore College. It seems that anyone who investigates them, gets up dead. You and Jeremy are very much mortal. If something happens to you...," Klaus noted helplessly. "It won't, Dad. Yeah, I'll let you know if he is getting crazy about this again. I wanted to say something, but it happened so fast. We were at the Grill and all of a sudden, he was off to the old office building," Matt admitted.  "I understand. But next time, send a text or something. He need not know it was you.  Matt, Jeremy is being very rebellious and defiant about this.  I'm going to try to reason with him again tonight, but I may need to be a little firmer with him.  I just wanted you to know in case he stays in my room tonight," Klaus alerted him.  Matt understood and wasn't sure how he felt about this.   "Okay, Dad. Am I in trouble, too?" Matt ventured.  "No, Son. I saw how volatile Jeremy was tonight. I would like to keep all of you close to the house for the next few days just in case, though. I just don't know if I can trust Jeremy not to run off and kick this hornet's nest of an organization. We have enough going on with Erik leaving," Klaus asserted.  "Any word on him?" Matt asked.  "Not yet. Marcel and his guys are working day and night to get a handle on the situation. There is a chance I may have to go down there myself if they can't find Erik soon. Freya is unable to do a locator spell. No one can track better than me in the Bayou. My presence there tends to make the factions tense. They don't like an Original possibility ruling over the city again, so I'm trying to hold off as long as possible," Klaus stood.  "You have no idea what it is like when one of your children is away, it's like a piece of my heart is missing. Matthew, please, come to me if Jeremy puts himself in danger. I beg you," Klaus said crossing the small room to put a hand on his shoulder and look in his eyes. "I will, Dad. I promise," Matt vowed. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Klaus' QuartersEvening, 9:30pmJeremy took his shower, brushed his teeth, and put on cotton pajamas that he hardly ever wore and knocked on Klaus' door at 9:30pm. He couldn't deny the nervousness and anger he still felt. A part of him just wanted to run away and go to his old house. But his parents were dead, Alaric, Jenna and the twins were there now.  And now his dad was a torturer? The thought brought tears to his eyes, he wiped them away and thought about the unfairness of his current situation.  "Come in, Son," Klaus said. Jeremy didn't reply but followed him in the room. Klaus led him over to the small couch area to sit. Jeremy didn't want to talk about this anymore, but he knew the alternative was him staring at the floor getting his ass smacked. He sat quietly.  "I'm still worried that you are going to run off and do something reckless," Klaus admitted.  "I won't. Look, sorry about everything today. Swearing, being rude, lying, going to the office, talking back. I won't do it again. You don't have to do this," Jeremy pleaded.  "Jeremy, you are lying to me even now!" Klaus said in disbelief. He could hear Jeremy's heartbeat. Every word was a lie.  "No, I'm not!" Jeremy yelled popping up in anger.  "That is a lie," Klaus responded, "Little boys who lie get their mouths washed out with soap." Jeremy was horrified, "No, Dad. I'm sorry. I am trying here. You can't do that."  Klaus took him by the upper arm and lead him into the lavish marble bathroom.  Jeremy resisted in panic. This wasn't what he expected, he was thinking he could talk his way out of a punishment, not get a worse one. "Dad, please. Don't," Jeremy whined. Klaus swatted the seat of his pants hard.  "Owwww," Jeremy wailed throwing his right hand behind him to protect his target area. Whack! Whack! Whack! Jeremy danced away and tried to yank his arm away reflexively.  Klaus sat Jeremy on the closed toilet sit and unwrapped a bar of Dial soap. Jeremy's butt already stung a little from the smacks Klaus applied on the way into the bathroom and he almost popped back up, but the stormy expression on Klaus' face stopped him. Jeremy noticed the orange color of the soap and wanted to gag already. This couldn't be happening to him, not tonight. Klaus ran the soap under hot water and get a wash cloth and started lathering it up. Jeremy became more and more nervous as this wasn't how Klaus had done this to him before. After a moment of this lathering, Klaus told Jeremy to come back the sink. He finally dragged himself there. Klaus took the wash cloth and ran it all over the inside of Jeremy's mouth and tongue until he was gagging. Then, he made him bite down on the soap, which was covered with suds.  "I don't want to hear another lie or curse word come out of your mouth, Jeremy. No one," Klaus said turning Jeremy to stand in the corner. Klaus gently pushed him into the corner although Jeremy was resisting him slightly and whining.  Klaus popped him again over the seat of his pants, "Stop it. Now stand there and settle down."  "Yessss, seeer," Jeremy struggled to say with the bar of disgusting soap in his mouth. Talking and crying made it go down his throat and he felt it go up his nose.  "You will think about how to speak more respectfully and truthfully for the next few minutes. Hands on your head. Do not let that bar of soap out of your mouth or I will get out the bath brush," Klaus threatened.  Jeremy's eyes got wide and he struggled to say he understood.  Klaus yanked down his pajama pants and briefs and had Jeremy step out of them which caused Jeremy to sob more, causing more soap to go down his throat. Klaus wiped off his face with a towel.  Klaus wasn't planning to leave him in the corner more than a moment or two as it broke his heart to have to wash out his mouth with soap, but every word that had come out of Jeremy's mouth had been a lie. That scared Klaus. Was he going to need to get a body guard to watch over him? He hadn't been planning to make this a severe punishment, but maybe he needed to be more firm? Klaus took out another towel, wash cloth, some salve, and put it on the other side of the bed.  He went to the drawer in his nightstand and fished out the ping pong paddle. It would do the trick as he wanted Jeremy to learn there were consequences for this defiance and disobedience.  It has only been about three minutes that Jeremy was in the corner and Klaus noticed a few red handprints on his behind. He looked at his watch and forced himself to give him two more minutes in the corner for a total of five. Ten probably would have been appropriate, but every minute felt like an hour to Klaus himself.  "Okay, Son, you can rinse and spit that out," Klaus ordered.  Jeremy spit the soap into his hands and quickly ran to the sink and rinsed his mouth under the faucet vigorously. Klaus handed him a towel. Tears were streaming down Jeremy's face and he was trying to stop crying. "Okay, that's enough," Klaus ordered, knowing that no amount of rinsing would get the aftertaste out for a good, long while. Jeremy now looked pitiful. Klaus wiped his face again and longed to hold him, but they still had a ways to go.  "You know I don't like doing that, but you are better than that. When you speak to me, I want to hear the truth, not lie after lie, got it?" Klaus said walking Jeremy out to the bed. "Yesss, D-Daddd," Jeremy was chastened and hiccuping from crying.  "I wasn't planning on doing this, but you need a trip over my knee and a paddling to get you back on track.  This defiant behavior will not be tolerated, young man. You need a reminder," Klaus said with his hand clamped on Jeremy's shoulder walking him to the bed.  Jeremy tried to stop short when he saw the paddle near the bed, but Klaus kept walking him.  "No, Dad, you already spanked me. I learned. I won't defy you or lie. No more going behind your back! I swear," Jeremy promised.  Klaus just continued to go to the side of the bed and held Jeremy as he sat down on the edge of the bed. "This will help a little," Klaus said applying the salve. Unlike the vampire salve tinged with vervain, the human salve had nothing in it that would sting, just heal. Klaus put a layer of it on Jeremy's backside and upper thighs until they were shiny. The red marks from the few smacks he had gotten had already faded.  Klaus put the white bath towel over his lap and then flipped Jeremy over his lap. He left his legs hang over the side of the bed and his upper body rest on the bed.  Jeremy grabbed a pillow to hold on to and hid his face in it.  The after taste of the soap was still strong in his mouth, but he knew the burning in his bare rump would be worse soon. He shifted and tried to get out of position. Jeremy tried to push himself up with his hands.  "Lay flat," Klaus warned smacking him lightly on the thigh.  Jeremy thought he could try again, "Daddy, I-I'm sorry I was so b-bad today. P-Please if you r-really love me, you w-won't do this."  Klaus didn't know what was getting into Jeremy, but he was going to get to the literal bottom of it. He rested his hand on Jeremy's now pale cheeks and patted them.  "I am doing this because I love you," Klaus retorted.  Pat! Pat! Pat! Pat! He began smacking Jeremy softly, almost tapping his behind all over. Klaus knew the salve, though it protected against bruising, tended to make the area more sensitive. Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. He swatted lightly for a minute, then two. Klaus didn't have to hit hard for him to start to feel it. Jeremy was able to keep still, though the light taps built up into a gradual warmth and sting, it was bearable. In this position, he thought about the poor choices that got him here. It was humiliating to have his legs free and he couldn't help kicking them as the heat built.  "Dad, Matt didn't get spanked did he? It was my fault. He didn't want to go, but he followed me to make sure I was okay," Jeremy reported.  "No, Jeremy. Matt isn't in trouble. He was trying to be a good brother to you.  I think you ought to apologize to him, though.  You put him in danger, too. What if some of the Augustines were back to collect some of those records or belongings? They don't leave behind witnesses," Klaus asked. He started spanking harder. "I don't know," Jeremy gasped as he got a particularly firm swat right on the center of both cheeks. The swat seemed to knock the air out of his lungs and propel him up further on Klaus' lap.  "Ouch! Dad, it's too hardddd," Jeremy wailed bursting into fresh tears. Klaus stopped a moment and rubbed Jeremy's sore posterior.  "There's a lot you don't know and that's okay. Sweetheart, I wish we could spent as much time as we used to painting and talking about art. These matters regarding your father Grayson are dark and I fear he didn't want you to know.  Will you trust me to take care of this for you, just for now?" Klaus asked gently.  "Y-Yess, just don't paddle m-me. I won't do it again. I'm done looking into it, please," Jeremy begged. His butt was feeling like all the nerves were lit up and sensitive. He didn't think he could take a paddling on top of this. He knew he couldn't. "Jeremy, you are still lying to me," Klaus said sadly picking up the ping pong paddle. He flipped it to the red rough side and lined it up with Jeremy's left cheek.  Pop! Pop! POP! POP! Klaus began to apply the paddle from right to left on the center of each check in a steady rhythm. Jeremy tried to wrench his right arm behind his back to protect his searing fanny, but Klaus easily pinned his arm to his back. Jeremy then tried to used his feet to block the swats from his behind.  "Young man, if you don't move those feet. You are going to get a sound paddling first thing in the morning. I mean it, you take this spanking because you earned it with your insolence and misbehavior," Klaus threatened. Jeremy forced himself to lower his feet only to be rewarded with the paddling escalating. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Jermey could not take it and was struggling to free himself. He tried to rock his hips from side to side, anything to escape the continuing popping down of the paddle on his burning behind.  "ARRRRRR, STOPPPP, NOOO!," Jeremy finally screaming and kicked his legs into the air. Klaus shifted him to throw his right leg over Jeremy's calves to stop Jeremy was moving so much. Klaus released Jeremy's right arm and encircled his waist to finish up sound paddling.  "I-I am s-so s-sorry, D-Dadddy, I won't d-do it a-again," Jeremy screamed as Klaus prepared to finish with a few quick firm swats to the under curve of Jeremy's backside. Klaus heard the truth in his words. They were almost done. Jeremy was crying into the pillow and it was wet with his tears.  Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! POP! POP! POP! POP! After smacking him on the sit spots, Jeremy's screams died to sobs and he stopped trying to get off Klaus' lap. He took the last few paddle swats to the center of his behind limply. Klaus was barely tapping him with the paddle, but it still made a soft whap sound with each tap. Klaus flipped the ping pong paddle to the smooth black rubbed coated side and rubbed it over Jeremy's seat slowly.  To Jeremy, the paddle felt almost cool against his hot burning behind. He felt as if he would never be able to sit again. His mouth did had the soap taste, but nothing was as back as the heat and aching on his butt cheeks and the top of his thighs.  "Tell me what you learned, Son," Klaus asked.  "To l-llisten and t-trust y-you and not to l-lie and s-swear," Jeremy sobbed out.  "I can't trust you when you lie to me and don't do what you say you are going to do. I want you to stay close to the house for the rest of the break. I'm going to ask you everyday about your activities. If you are snooping around in this business again, what's going to happen?" Klaus asked.  "Dadddy, noooo," Jeremy whined. Klaus tapped him lightly on each check with the paddle. Pop! Pop! Klaus noticed that Jeremy's behind was a bright red with some pink on his sit spots.  "I'll get a paddling!" Jeremy spat out.  "Yes, you will. I am not afraid to take down your pants and swat you with the school paddle on your briefs right in the kitchen if you lie to me again, not if it keeps you safe!" Klaus warned sternly.  Jeremy broke into fresh tears at the thought of getting paddled in front of everyone in his underwear.  "No, please. I won't lie anymore," Jeremy swore. "If you do or you continue to be defiant, you know what will happen. I love you so much, Jeremy. I can't risk losing you to your curiosity. If I have to spank you ever time you are rebellious, I will, for your own good," Klaus said giving him one last smack with the paddle on the center of his behind. Pop! "Ouch. Please Dad, I'll be good. No more," Jeremy begged. Klaus heard the truth in his voice and let him up to rub his behind furiously. Klaus wiped Jeremy's face clean and had him blow his nose.  He got Jeremy's underwear and pajama pants. Jeremy hissed when Klaus slipped the briefs back up Jeremy's backside carefully, followed by his pants. Jeremy wondered if Klaus knew that his briefs seemed to hold in the sting and warmth of the spanking longer, but he figured it was an okay trade off to get his modesty back. Rubbing didn't seem to help at all. Klaus pulled Jeremy into his arms and finally held him on his lap. This was the hardest he had been on him in a long, long time. Klaus rocked him and Jeremy tried to resist and whisper he wasn't a baby. Klaus patted his back. "All forgiven now, sweetheart. Let's not do that again, hmm. I promise you were going to spend some time together just like we used to when it was just the two of us. Remember that? A little spanking like this had you behaving like an angel for weeks.  And now we have so many people around us, but I'll never forget that time we had together. I know you won't either," Klaus whispered, a few tears of his own escaping. Jeremy had been his first son, after Marcel, when he still thought Marcel was lost to them. Jeremy had been his prince, the Prince of Mystic Falls. If this was what it took to keep him safe, then Klaus had to do it, no matter how hard it was.  Jeremy put his head on Klaus' chest and let the rest of his tears escape. He did recall when he wanted to end it all and Klaus had saved him. Jeremy remember the island, the maid Nicole, getting Tyler and Matt as brothers. The whole thing with the tomb and waking up his aunt and uncles. Yes, he owed his dad his life in a way. Jeremy would let all this Augustine stuff go for now, out of respect for that. But someday, Jeremy would find out the truth. Almost as if Klaus had read Jeremy's mind, "I will help you find out everything when the time is right. We have to focus on brining home Erik and getting Marcel, Rebekah, and Davina here. I wish the world we lived in wasn't such a dangerous place, but it is. We have so many enemies. You must obey me, Son."  "Dad, you wouldn't really paddle me in the kitchen if I didn't, would you?" Jeremy wondered.  "Yes, I would. But I won't use that school paddle on you, just the paddleball paddle should make an impression. I need to be able to trust all of you to behave and obey us for the safety of everyone. If it takes some red behinds to accomplish that, better than the alternative," Klaus reasoned.  "What's the alternative?" Jeremy asked.  "The ruin of all we hold dear. We can't let that happen," Klaus said kissing Jeremy on the head. Klaus peeled back the comforter and turned off the lights. "Let's get to sleep. Matt knows you are staying here. Who knows what tomorrow will bring," Klaus smiled sadly.  Jeremy was slightly embarrassed that Matt had been informed that he would be sleeping in here. He guessed it wasn't a big surprised considering his behavior today. Jeremy's backside still burned and he could taste the residue of the foul soap, but he felt safe again. Klaus got in the bed and pulled in Jeremy to hold him. Jeremy was going to protest that he was too old to be cuddled, but Klaus just shushed him. Jeremy forgot about the Augustines, his sister, and all that. He wondered where Erik was and if Klaus would have to leave again. He hoped not.  
  
    Chapter Text
    “Being a mother is an attitude, not a biological relation.”                                ― Robert A. HeinleinMystic Falls, VirginiaWednesday, December 29, 2010Mikaelson MansionAfternoon "Erik, is it really you?" Klaus said into the phone.  "Yeah, I mean, yes, sir, it's me," Erik conceded. He walked a little bit away from Marcel and the others for privacy.  "Are you alright, Son? I was so worried," Klaus said in a relieved voice.  "Yes, I'm fine. I'm sorry but I just needed to be here to help and I knew you wouldn't let me come down here. I-I," Erik started.  "What, Erik? You can tell me," Klaus said.  "I didn't think anyone much would care. How's Sadie? Penny? Everyone else?" Erik asked rapidly.  "Sadie is fine. She misses you.  Everyone does. Sweetheart, why would you think we wouldn't care? Have I been that remiss as a father?" Klaus asked pointedly.  "No, sir. Not at all. I didn't mean it like that. I just...I don't know. But this problem with my kin is still here. Wolves are coming from all over. Can I stay and help Marcel? Please?" Erik begged.  "Erik, I am saying this loud and clear and I want you to listen, okay?" Klaus asked in a serious tone that caused Erik to straighten up.  "Yes, sir?" Erik replied.  "I love you very much and so does everyone else here. We're going to get everything worked out. And with you and Connor? I really want you two to sit down and work everything out, but we need you here," Klaus said.  Erik blinked away tears, he expected Klaus to be angry and annoyed with him, not this. He almost wished Klaus would curse and shout at him so he didn't feel like such an ass, a failure.  Erik cleared his throat, "Sorry. Yes, I will try. But I feel like we ain't never going to be safe until these wolves here are put down." Klaus knew that Erik was right about that. He didn't want to lie to him. "Erik, you are correct, but I don't want you putting your life in danger. Do you understand that? You are 14 years old. Yes, you are powerful, but to fight a whole pack takes a pack. Please, just come home," Klaus asked.  "Just one more day, please. I come so far. I'll stay with Marcel the whole time," Erik promised. He ran his hand through his dirty blond hair.  Klaus thought a moment before responding, "Fine. One more day. If you aren't back safety by then, I'm coming to get you. And that my friend, may make our reunion less than pleasant for you. Do you understand me?'  "Yes, sir. I do. Thank you," Erik responded in resignation.  "I do love you. Be careful and obey Marcellus and Rebekah. I trust them to keep you safe," Klaus said.  "Love you, too. I will. Bye," Erik said hanging up.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^KitchenKlaus leaned his elbows on the kitchen island and held his head. He wanted Erik home now. He wanted them all back in Mystic Falls now. But he needed his son safety home and with his family and his beloved dog. It was almost surprising to him how quickly and strongly he had grown to love Erik and his siblings. Klaus' ancient heart felt empty without the blue-eyed hybrid boy there. Yes, sir. No, sir. Would Erik ever think of him as a father?  "Elijah, Marcel got Erik. He's flying him back tomorrow," Klaus told Elijah, who was in the great room with the boys playing.  "That's great new, Brother. Why not tonight?" Elijah asked.  "Marcel is taking him to the Bayou tomorrow. I am tempted to fly down there right now," Klaus admitted walking towards the great room. "If you do that, Marcel is going to feel like you don't trust him to handle this situation. He will resent it," Elijah cautioned.  Klaus sighed loudly, his brother was right. "I know. I just hate waiting. Boys, what are you working on?" Klaus asked.  "A tower," Finn said proudly, showing off his Lego creation.  "Look what I made, it's a police station," Henrik interrupted to show Klaus his building.  "Very impressive indeed," Klaus said in awe.  "Thanks!" Finn said, "Is Erik ever coming home?" Elijah and Klaus looked at each other in surprise.  "Yes, dear, tomorrow," Elijah responded.  "Oh, is he in trouble for running away?" Henrik asked.  Elijah's eyebrows raised, "That's really none of your business, young man."  "Then what if we run away?" Henrik asked cheekily. Finn laughed but then knocked half of his legos under the table.  "Do not even joke about that. I assure you, you would not like the consequences," Elijah said dryly.  "But what if we do?" Henrik asked again.  Klaus waited for Elijah to step in, but he was distracted by helping Finn find a Lego piece under the coffee table. Vanessa had been still encouraging Elijah to let the boys "express themselves more." Klaus was getting a little fed up with this and still miffed about the lamp they broke.  "Boys, it's very dangerous to do something like that. You could be kidnapped or injured. It's nothing to joke about," Klaus said patting Henrik on the head and getting up. "But you said Erik is coming back?" Finn asked. "Yes, but I will not feel better under he is back under this roof," Klaus admitted.  "Yes, we all will. I believe it is getting time for you two to go take a rest," Elijah said also getting up. To Klaus, Elijah looked tired. "You ought to take a rest too, Brother. These young ones are wearing you out," Klaus joked clapping Elijah on the shoulder.  Elijah smirked, "They aren't the only ones wearing me out."  Klaus shook his head, he knew Vanessa made his brother happy. He also figured that she had the best interest of the boys at heart with her modern ideas. Klaus was trying to be as patient as he could with Penny, but it was one step forward, two steps back at times.  Klaus let the dog out and then told Freya the news about Erik. Then vamped upstairs so he didn't have to hear the whining and arguing that followed Elijah trying to get the boys to clean up their Legos. He went to Connor and Tyler's bedroom first. "Guys, hey, I just wanted to let you know that Erik called and he should be back tomorrow," Klaus said. Connor was on his new iPad and Jeremy and Matt were playing a shooting game. Tyler was with Caroline.  "Really?" Connor said with relief.  "Yes, he should be home tomorrow. If not, I'll go get him and drag him back here," Klaus smiled.  "Did he say what he thinks he's doing?" Connor asked putting the iPad aside.  "Basically, what we thought.  I'm sorry, I tried to convince him to leave now, but Marcel promised to let him tag along to a meeting with the wolves. This all may come to a head soon," Klaus shared.  "Dad, should um, we also go. I mean, as hybrids, maybe they need our help?" Connor asked.  "Marcel said they have things under control. If they need us, we'll take a plane and be there in hours. I promise you," Klaus said with conviction.  Connor still looked worried. Klaus went to say something else to Connor, but then heard Penny call him from the hallway.  Mystic GrillSame time-afternoon"Tyler Lockwood, I am going to say this and then we are never going to discuss it again, okay? I will never give these babies up for adoption. I can't even believe you just freakin' said that," Caroline scoffed in horror.  "Care, I'm sorry. I just thought-," Tyler tried to say.  "Thought what? That we would give away our own flesh and blood? Are you crazy? Plus, they will be werewolf babies!" Caroline loudly hissed at him. Her eyes were shooting daggers at him. Caroline's hair and make up looked perfect, but Tyler could tell she was off today. Edgier than normal. "Yes, Care. I am aware of that. Forget I mentioned it," Tyler said holding his hands up. Tyler realized he should never argue with a pissed off pregnant Caroline.  "Mentioned what?" Caroline glared. She eyed his remaining fries.  "What?" Tyler asked in confusion.  "Are you going to eat those fries?" Caroline asked. "Um, they are yours. Honestly, I'd rather have blood right now," Tyler admitted.  "So are you going to be able to control yourself at school next week?" Caroline asked dumping ketchup on his plate.  "I guess we'll find out," Tyler smirked.  "Oh my God, look! There's Elena and...Damon? I'm going to go see what she is doing with him. Wait here," Caroline snapped, grabbing two fries for the road.  "Yes, master," Tyler muttered quietly. Caroline had not been thrilled with is adoption suggestion. Bonnie had removed the cloaking spell and the whole lunch, he could hear the fast beating of three hearts. Tyler felt terrified. He was going to be a father. Between him and Caroline, these kids were going be total anger kids! Baby werewolves and twins at that. Tyler heard his cell beep. It was from Connor. "Dude, Erik is in the Bayou. Remember your promise to me? You better come home now." Shit! Connor was going to take off to the Bayou near New Orleans. It seemed a million miles away. It was a 10-12 hour drive at least. How would they get a car? Tyler then remember that as hybrids they could compel people. But what if he got killed? Tyler didn't just himself to think about. He glanced over at Caroline talking to Elena. Tyler needed to be smarter than that. But could he break a promise he had made?  Tyler got up and tapped Caroline, "Hey Elena, what's up? Sorry, Care, I gotta get home."  Caroline turned and looked disappointed, "Oh, okay. I thought you were coming over. Are you leaving because I've been such a bitch today?"  Tyler put his arm around her, "Stop, no, it's not you. They found Erik in New Orleans. Connor is ready to run away. I have to stop him. Look, I love you and I love the babies. Forget about what I suggested, okay? Am I forgiven?"  Caroline finally smiled and kissed him, "Maybe just a little. Now go home and whatever you do, don't get yourself in trouble. Remember, you have to be the smart one now. Love you. Call me later, 'Daddy.' I didn't mean that in a weird way." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionTyler, Connor, and Erik's bedroom"Klaus, can we go paint in your studio?" Penny asked coming to the doorway of Tyler, Connor, and Erik's bedroom. Klaus had bought Penny several art kits for Christmas and the one she liked best was the painting one. He had asked her to come up the other day and for the first time, she seemed happy to do something. "Of course, beautiful. There is good news. Your brother is coming home tomorrow. He called from the Bayou," Klaus said stepping into the hallway.  "Oh, that's good, I guess," Penny frowned. Her blue eyes flashing with anger. "Why the frown, luv?" Klaus said. "He just runs aways whenever he wants to, doesn't he?" Penny said as they headed up to the third floor.  "Well, this will be the last time, I"m sure," Klaus reassured her. Klaus wondered if she was angry that he left her here.   "What are you going to do to him?" Penny asked.  Klaus hesitated, "Do to him? That sounds ominous. Probably embrace him, make sure he is okay. See that he has everything he needs. After that...? Would it be awful for me to admit that I didn't quite know?"  "Why don't you know?" Penny pressed as they entered the studio. Klaus had set up a little easel for her next to Jeremy's. Her paints were acrylics. Klaus also bought her little canvases for her to work on.   "Penny, you know, although I am very, very old, sometimes I still don't know what the right thing to do is. I'm sorry. I wish I could you a better answer," Klaus said starting to arrange his palette of oil colors.  "Okay," Penny seemed satisfied with that answer. But Klaus was feeling restless. Maybe Connor was right and they should all just fly down there to help. If Marcel didn't like it, too bad.  Then, Klaus was determined to focus on Penny for a while and not let himself be distracted.  "What are you going to paint today, Penelope?" Klaus asked.  "Not sure," Penny said concentrating. "See that makes two of us unsure of what to do today," Klaus admitted. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionTyler, Connor, and Erik's bedroomTyler went home and told Connor straight out that his plan was stupid.  "Look, your brother will be home tomorrow. What is the point of going tonight?" Tyler asked.  "I just have this bad feeling he needs me. I want to leave right now," Connor said pacing.  "You sound like a lunatic. I'm sorry. I know I'd promised you I would go but I just came from seeing Care and hearing my kids' heartbeats. I don't want to leave them without a dad before they are even born," Tyler said.  "What if something happens to Erik? How am I gonna live with myself" Connor spat.  Jeremy had been playing the video game quietly with Matt.  "Dude, you think you're gonna live if Dad catches you sneaking down there? Jeremy asked slowly, pausing the game.  Matt agreed, "It's suicide, man."  Connor softened, "Y'all are right. Ty, I shouldn't have even asked you. Just forget it. The less y'all know, the better.  I don't want to drag everyone done with me."  Tyler wasn't pacified, "You're still going to go aren't you? Jesus Christ, Connor, I can't let you do this.  Can you just drop it?"  Connor got up, "Look, I'll leave you out of it.  But don't you rat me out or I will kick your Yankee ass from here to that godforsaken bayou!"  Tyler's eyes flashed with anger, he didn't like being threatened. Matt and Jeremy looked at each other and started to back out of the room.  Tyler vamped down the hallway. It was childish, but he decided to just tell Klaus now before this stupid plan got anymore out of control.  Connor caught him on the stairs and tackled him.  "Just keep your damn mouth shut!" Connor growled.  "You are going to get yourself killed," Tyler retorted hotly as he threw Connor off of him. Connor hit the railing of the stairs hard and the wood cracked and split.  Kol heard the fight and came from the great room.  "What the bloody hell are you two blokes doing? Wrestling on the stairs?" Kol shouted. Connor growled and his eyes flashed yellow, "Just keep your mouth shut." "Will you stop this idiotic plan?" Tyler hissed back.  Connor got up and tackled Tyler again. This time he drove him into the wall and then through it. Kol went to pull Connor off him, and Connor snarled and pushed him. Kol went flying backwards down the stairs. He jumped onto his feet and before he knew it Connor was on top of Tyler again punching him. Kol growled himself and vamped over, he pulled him up and dragged him backwards down the remaining stairs.  "Stop! What is going on? Tyler, go in the kitchen," Kol ordered, as Connor struggled and tried to break free. Connor was angry, but in his human form, he was not as strong as Kol.  Kol looked up to see Klaus and Penny coming down the stairs. "What happened?" Klaus asked seeing the huge hole in the wall and the broken railing.  "Penny, love, can you go watch television or something?" Kol smiled as he still held a struggling Conner.  "No, I want to see what happened too," Penny shouted.  Klaus knelt to her eye level, "Sweetheart, let me talk to them alone, please. We're asking you nicely."  "No, it's not fair! I don't wanna," Penny said breaking away and heading down the stairs.  "I'm going to call Freya to put you to bed tonight at 7 pm. Now go," Klaus said firmly.  "AH! Fine. This is stupid!" Penny ranted kicking every stair she could.  Connor tried to shrug off Kol, but he was too strong, "I'm fine now."  Kol released him.  Klaus thundered, "I'm going to ask again, what happened?"  Kol stepped back, "I just found them fighting on the stairs. Connor was on top of Tyler. Tyler was trying to get away."  "Thank you, Brother," Klaus said dismissing him. Kol went back to the great room to finish watching his game.  Klaus grabbed Tyler and Connor by the ear lobes and marched them into the kitchen.  Freya was cooking at the stove, she turned and saw the disheveled, bloody boys.  "What happened?" Freya asked in horror.  "That's what I would like to know," Klaus barked.  Tyler clamped his mouth shut. He opened it to tell on Connor and then looked at Connor's eyes pleading with him not to say anything.  "We just got in a little disagreement," Tyler fibbed.  "I'm sorry, Dad. I'll fix the railing. Tyler, sorry," Connor said realizing that Tyler would play ball and not rat him out. "You know that I can still tell when you are lying, even now. Connor, you are not sorry, but maybe you shall be," Klaus said ominously. Freya just gave them a tired look as Klaus grabbed the Jokari paddle that he kept on the top of the fridge. Tyler winced and paled. There were holes drills into it that left circular marks on his butt last time. He knew that would heal fair, but sometimes the healing just allowed them to get a longer and harder spanking than a human could withstand."I just told one of your brothers that the next time he lied I would bend him over right here on this counter and swat the truth of him if I had to. I guess if you two cannot man up and tell me the truth, so I will treat you like naughty little boys," Klaus threatened.  "Dad, please,...not here," Tyler pleaded. He didn't like where this was going and he had been swatted with that paddle before when he and Matt lied about the truck. At least then, Klaus had done it in the garage. Anyone could walk in the kitchen. "Tell me what you were fighting over now. I'm counting to three. One," Klaus started.  "Boys, please, just tell your father now," Freya begged.  "Two," Klaus continued slowly.  "We already did," Connor reiterated.  "I want the truth. Three," Klaus said with finality.  Without another word, Klaus put the heavy round paddle on the kitchen island and yanked down Connor's basketball shorts to the floor. He bent him over.  "Stay down. Don't move," Klaus ordered.  Klaus then did the same to Tyler, dropping his jeans and pulling them down to his knees and positioning him over on the counter.  Klaus picked up the paddle and tapped it over Connor's briefs. He didn't want to do this, but these two had never had any tension between them and Klaus knew something serious was happening. He needed to know what was happening.  "One last chance, Son," Klaus said tapping the paddle a little firmer. Tap.  Connor was leaned forward on his elbows and didn't say a word. All he could think is that he should have left sooner. The granite felt cool on his arms and for a moment he almost felt relaxed, but that moment was short. Connor was grateful Klaus had kept up his briefs. Surely, they would provide some protection.  Thwap! Connor heard the sound first and then felt the result of the heavy blow. It was like a thousand bees had stung him at the same time. He bit his lip to remain silent and not move. He had been switched and belted, but this was a different sting that encompassed his whole backside at the same time. Before he could breathe in, he got a second whack.  Thwap! "Ah," Connor blurted out before he could stop himself.  Klaus moved to swat Tyler and gave him the same taps before smacking him firmly.  Thwap! Tyler thought he was prepared for the pain of the first blow, but it felt more intense and unbearable this time. He was leaning down on his crossed arms and bit into his hand. Thwap! The second swat landed right over the first and his body jerked a little.  Freya went back to her cooking and felt herself wincing with each blow. Why were these boys so stubborn? A part of her just wished Klaus would compel them, but she knew he had promised to never mess with their minds like that. It was too dangerous and intrusive.  "Connor, are you ready to talk? Or do you need me to keep paddling you?" Klaus asked again patting his now stinging rear with the paddle.  "Please, don't..." was all Connor could muster.  Klaus shook his head and gave him another firm swat.  Thwap! Connor stomped his foot and tried to rise up. Klaus pushed him back down and gave him another whack.  Thwap! Connor brought up his other foot to tried to move to get away from the sting, but it was pointless. Klaus rubbed his back a moment.  "Please tell me what is going on, I'm worried," Klaus pleaded. Connor just buried his head in his arms and cried quietly.  Klaus moved to Tyler and gave him another swat.  Thwap! Even through his cotton briefs, each smack left a deep burning that made it hard to take stoically.  Thwap! Tyler ceased to care about Freya and Connor being there and broke down. He couldn't take anymore.  "Stopppp," Tyler cried.  "I will stop when you answer my question honestly, Tyler," Klaus rubbed his back and then took a minute to inspect the damage. Klaus pulled up the edges of each boy's briefs to check for bruising or damage from the holes. "Sister, I apologize, but may I trouble you for some salve. These boys are healing quickly and I'm not sure I'm getting through to them," Klaus said.   Thwap!  Thwap!  He gave both Connor and Tyler another quick smack without holding them down. Both boys were now up and crying and trying to rub out the sting.  "It's no trouble, Brother. I think I can whip up a quick batch with extra wolfsbane and vervain in it. I'm sure it will sting a little though," Freya announced.  Freya went to her room to get a salve. She wasn't planning to add extra herbs to her salve, but was hoping the boys spit out the truth soon. She told Elijah she would take care of dinner tonight and it was almost ready.  "I just these briefs will have to come down. The whole family will be arriving for dinner soon. My, what a sight," Klaus said swatting them both again after telling them to move their hands.  Thwap!Thwap! Connor broke first. The thought of Penny seeing him getting his bare butt paddled in the kitchen was too much. She'd probably laugh. Plus, his backside was on fire.  "Okay, I'll talk. Please, can't t-take m-more," Connor sobbed.  "It's okay, tell me," Klaus said still holding the paddle.  "I was going to head down to the Bayou tonight. I feel like we need to be there. Something is wrong, Dad. I can feel it. Please, let me go. Tyler was just trying to stop me. You can whup me for the fight later, but please let me go now," Connor begged. Klaus put the paddle on the counter.  "You can get up and pull up your pants," Klaus said tiredly. He was afraid of something like this. Klaus got a couple of napkins and gave it to the boys to wipe their eyes. Both were very tentative about getting their pants back up. "Ouch," Connor hissed as the waistband of his shorts brushed the cotton of his underpants.  "Tyler, is that true?" Klaus asked.  "Yes, I was going to tell you so he didn't get himself killed. I admit that I promised to go with him, but now I can't. I couldn't do that to Caroline and the babies. I'm sorry, Connor," Tyler said, his voice raw with emotion.  "Me, too," Connor said hugging Tyler tightly.   "Thank you for telling me. Connor, I am listening now. We can go call Marcel and share your concerns. The fact that you were going to try to runaway...shows me how worried you are. Now you two are good? No more fighting? So I don't have to beat you again soundly tonight?" Klaus smiled.  "Dad, I couldn't take another one on this ass, fast healing or no," Tyler whined.  Freya came back in with the salve, "Can you take some more with my spoon for that mouth of yours, young man? Come here." Freya hugged Tyler and lightly smacked him on the backside.  "Owwww! No more swearing. Extra vervain and wolfsbane salve, Aunt Freya? That was just low," Tyler bantered, rubbing his butt without shame. It still hurt, but his healing with kicking in rapidly.  "I was trying to help. You two, so stubborn! Now don't go too far, the chicken is almost ready," Freya hugged Connor next.  Klaus opened his arms and pulled them both in to his chest. He was a few inches taller than both of them and kissed them both on the head. There might have been a better way to handle that, Klaus thought guiltily. Cami was supposed to come over after dinner and he was relieved she hadn't been here.  "Boys, I-," Klaus started.  Penny ran down to the kitchen with Finn and Henrik behind her.  "We're hungry!" she demanded.  Finn said, "What happened to the stairs? Did someone fall?"  Henrik had a Nerf gun that Kol bought him for Christmas and was shooting the walls.  "Dinner will be in five minutes. Don't worry about the stairs now. Why don't you kids set the table?" Freya said checking the oven.  "Why don't you?" Penny said in a mutter.  Klaus was about to take Connor into Elijah's study to call Marcel, but he turned. He glanced back at Freya and noticed she hadn't heard the girl's insolent remark.  "Excuse me?" Klaus fumed.  Penny rolled her eyes and giggled, "What? You two got spanked! Ha, you're like in high school. Connor and Tyler got spanked!"  Klaus snapped, "Unless you want to get a spanking of your own, why don't you apologize for being so rude?"  "Me, I'm not the one who got in TROUBLE," Penny chuckled.  Tyler took the younger boys and Sadie outside for a few minutes. He was walking a little stiffly, but glad his dad knew about Connor's plans.  Klaus crouched down, "Penelope, you are not being very nice right now. You can tell your brothers you are sorry or stand in the corner until you do."  "They aren't my brothers and I'm not sorry so no," Penny concluded. Klaus was at a loss for a moment, he needed to go call Marcel with Connor. He gently grabbed Penny and led her to the corner of the kitchen. "You will stand here until I come back and not move or talk, do you understand?" Klaus asked calmly.  "Why?" Penny asked sadly.  "Penny, I want you to think about that, about why you are in time out. We will talk about it in a few minutes. Can you do that?" Klaus asked.  "Fine!" Penny said. Klaus heard her kick the wall and she turned to watch him.  "Penny, face the wall," Klaus directed. He looked back at Freya and she motioned for him to go on and she would watch Penny. Connor was confused. He didn't understand why Klaus didn't just give Penny a couple of good smacks. Klaus put an arm around Connor, "I'm sorry you have to deal with all this. With the wolves, it's not fair that you've had so much strife and struggle in your young life. But Connor, I promise you, it will make you stronger." "Thanks, Dad. If you don't mind me askin', how's come you don't just give Penny a good lickin' and be done with it? I mean she's asking for it, in my opinion," Connor noted.  "I know her behavior is frustrating. Camille thinks that when she was in that Guerrera place, she was traumatized there. I'm just afraid it would make her afraid of me or scared," Klaus concluded.  "Or are you afraid to whup her cause she's a little girl and too pretty? Because she may be my sister, but she's a real brat at times," Connor joked. Klaus groaned, "Maybe I have been trying to win her over the wrong way? What would you do if you were me?" Klaus was curious.  "I would treat her the same as you treat the rest of us. Ain't nobody else getting away with that kind of crap. I'm sorry but all this modern stuff is about as useful as tits on a bull, if you pardon my French," Connor rebutted.  Klaus laughed, "Duly noted. We'll call Marcel, have dinner, and see if we can help."  "I am sorry about thinking about leaving, but I can't abandon Erik, not when he needs me," Connor admitted growing serious.  "You're as loyal as Elijah is to me, but Connor, he has sacrificed a great deal for me. The misguided fool. Yet, without him, I am bereft. Son, I'm sorry that if I tried to keep you from your brother for my own selfish reasons," Klaus said stopping right before they got in the office. "No, I know you mean well," Connor admitted.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^KitchenLate afternoonFreya put the finishing touches on dinner. How did Elijah make this look so easy every night? Vanessa was setting the table. The boys were outside and now playing with nerf guns and shooting things. Penny was stomping and kicking the wall in the corner.  The paddle was still on the counter. Freya was tempted to pick it up and apply a few whacks to the seat of the little brat's pants. Instead, she put it back up on the fridge. Penny was a hybrid, but still had the temper of an untriggered wolf.    Elijah was inspecting the damage to the railing and the wall. He went outside to talk to Tyler about was happened. She could tell Elijah was irritated about that. Freya looked out the window and saw Elijah had taken Tyler aside and was talking to him. She would assume that most kids would choose a paddling with the Jokari over a long stern lecture from Elijah. She saw Tyler nodding and laughed to herself a little.  Bam! Freya heard Pam kick the wall hard this time. She was going to kick a damn whole in the wall.  Then, Elijah would really flip.  Freya stopped shaking the salad dressing and put it down. Vanessa was filling water glasses with ice.  "Penny, you can turn around a minute," Freya said carefully, wiping her hands off on a dish towel and walking over to her.  Penny scowled and turned.  "I know you are frustrated right now. Take a deep breath like this," Freya showed her. Freya sat down on a kitchen chair.  "Feel better?" Freya asked hopefully.  "No, I want to run away! Erik did. I'm going to go and none of you will find me," Penny threatened.  "Erik will be back tomorrow, okay? When Niklaus gets back, you tell him that you are ready to apologize. Then, all you have to say is sorry to Tyler and Connor. Can you be a big girl and do that?" Freya asked in a low voice.  "No! I'm not doing it," Penny screeched. Sparks seemed to fly from Penny's eyes. Her pale cheeks reddened.  Freya stayed serene, "Okay, do you want to sit with me a minute?" Freya held out her arms to Penny. Penny huffed and let Freya pull her onto her lap a minute. Penny was smaller for her age and Freya rocked her a little as she stroked her hair. Freya felt Penny finally relax as she hugged her and got her calmed down.  "Feel better?" Freya said quietly.  Penny nodded and whispered, "Sorry. Do I have to go back in the corner?"  "Will you talk to your brothers?" Freya asked.  Penny nodded solemnly.  "Okay, help Vanessa and me get the food on the table and then we'll call the boys for dinner, okay?" Freya said standing her up. Penny now looked glum.  Freya lifted up her chin, "We love you, Penny, even when you are a bit sassy. When I was your age, I tried to turn my aunt into a lizard. It didn't work and she couldn't figure out why she got this scaly rash. It's going to get better."  Penny laughed at this, "I want to be a lizard." "Okay, lizard, carry the salad into the dining room. Vanessa, should we open up a bottle of white tonight?" Freya called.  But before Vanessa could answer, Freya heard the salad bowl shatter.  Penny's eyes turned orange and she began to turn. Freya yelled for help and cast a protection spell, but by the time anyone got there, Vanessa had already been bitten...and Freya felt herself passing out. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, VirginiaWednesday, December 29, 2010Mikaelson MansionEveningKlaus vamped down the hallway and found Penny in her wolf form snarling. Her eyes were orange and she was larger than her usual werewolf self. Klaus went and tried to restrain her. She snarled and tried to snap at her, but even this beast could not overpower Niklaus Mikaelson.  Vanessa had been bitten and was cowering over by Freya, who had been knocked unconscious.  "Connor, go to the garage and get the chains. We can't let her bite anyone else or escape," Klaus ordered.  "Freya, wake up. Oh my god, Freya," Vanessa was calling, cradling her head.  "Vanessa, take my blood for that wound," Klaus said offering her his wrist. Vanessa drank, but nothing happened. She looked at Klaus with confusion.  "Take Freya to her bedroom please, I'll hold Penny here," Klaus said.  Connor came back and they chained up Penny. Elijah and Kol had come in and were shocked at the chaos that had ensued in just minutes. Elijah ran to Vanessa. "My dear, what happened?" Elijah said looking at her bite. "Penny transformed, her eyes turned orange. She knocked out Freya and when I tried to stop her from mauling her, she bit me. Klaus' blood didn't heal me. I am starting to feel funny," Vanessa said.  Elijah looked at Kol, "She's poisoned by the venom. We best get them to the safe rooms downstairs."  Kol nodded, "I'll get them down there."  Klaus carried Penny down to the cells in the basement level. He tried to call Marcel, but there was no answer.  Connor caught him, "Dad, please arrange the jet. We've got to get them all down there to the Bayou. This is all connected. I know it."  Klaus nodded and called for a jet.  If his blood wouldn't heal Vanessa's bite, it was something else.  Matt and Jeremy were trying to keep the younger boys calm.  Elijah called Alaric, "We have a problem here. Could the younger boys and Matt and Jeremy stay with you and Jenna for a day or so?" Alaric agreed to pick them up.  Elijah tried to calm them down.  "I've packed you a few things for Alaric and Jenna's. It's going to be really fun. Matt and Jeremy will be with you. Vanessa and your Aunt Freya are sick and we're taking them to New Orleans to get better. I'll call you when we arrive," Elijah promised.  "But where's Vanessa? Can't we see her?" Henrik cried.  "No, buddy. She's sleeping, but Alaric is going to be here in a minute.Let me talk to Matt and Jeremy," Elijah said handing the boys their backpacks.  "Thanks, boys. Please keep an eye on them. If anything seems strange or out of the ordinary, tell Ric, okay? I don't know what is happening here," Elijah said.  "We will, Uncle Elijah. Don't worry about us, they will have fun. But I think we should probably leave the nerf guns here," Jeremy admitted. "Good point," Matt smiled.  "I'm sorry about this guys, but we're taking Kol with us. If the Guerrera can trigger all of the kids they had in those facilities, they could have a virtual army. Please behave and we'll call when we can," Elijah said hugging both of them.  "We will. Should we pack up this food and take it?" Matt wondered.  "Yes, that's a great idea. Maybe it will save Ric and Jenna from cooking one night. I'm giving you $1000 cash and a credit card.  Remind the boys that they should be on their best behavior. Ric knows he has our full backing to discipline any of you as he sees fit, though I swear if he has to, you will get double when we get back, you hear?" Elijah concluded. "We'll be good and we know not to cross Ric. Good luck down there," Jeremy said.  Alaric picked up the kids quickly. A special car service came for the rest of the family.  Klaus had requested a special cage for Penny. They got hospital gurneys for Freya and Vanessa, as Vanessa was becoming delusional. Elijah, Klaus, Kol, Connor, and Tyler got in after they were loaded.  Klaus pulled out his cell phone to try to call Marcel again. "That's odd. No answer or even a voicemail message," Klaus said in confusion.  "Weird," Tyler said.  Elijah was sitting by Vanessa's side. She was not making senses and had to be restrained. Connor and Tyler sat by her. Kol was near Freya as the medics worked on her. They revived her and stated that she had a severe concussion. They sedated her to let her heal. Kol then fed off the medic. All they had missed dinner, Connor and Tyler also had a little snack. But Klaus wanted the blood put in a cup for them, as they only drank from animals live.  "Wait, isn't the air strip that way?" Elijah said looking up from Vanessa.  "What's going on?" Klaus compelled the medic.  The medic said, "I only do what they tell me to do." The medic then crunched down on a pill and crumpled to the floor.  "Was that bloody cyanide?" Kol said in disbelief.  Klaus was already trying to pry open the back door.  "It won't budge," was the last thing he said before vervain was piped into the back and all the vampires passed out.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Freya woke up first. She had been having another vision of her previous lives. She looked around, it felt like the floor was rocking. Were they in a boat? In a cargo hold? Freya was by a cage, but not tied or restrained. She was dizzy and unable to completely get up.  Kol was beside her and she tried to wake him up, but he seemed to be sleeping. It was dark, but in the shadows, she thought she saw Penny in the cage. "Penny? It's Aunt Freya! Wake up," Freya shook the cage. Penny stirred and seemed to be back in her human form. Freya took off her long sweater to cover the nude girl. It was chilly in here. Where the hell were they? "Aunt Freya, is that you? What happened?" Penny asked shivering. "I don't know, baby. We have to wake everyone else up? Are you alright?" Freya asked urgently.  "Yes, just cold. I don't remember why I turned. Did I hurt Vanessa?" Penny asked timidly, putting the sweater around her. "Penny, it wasn't your fault. Somebody has taken us, though. I don't know where we are," Freya admitted.  "You were dreaming of your baby again, weren't you? Where is the baby?" Penny asked.  Freya's voice caught, "Sweetheart, that happened in 1410, a long time ago. Though to me, it was only about six years ago." "What happened? I don't understand," Penny said.  "Remember I told you about my mean aunt, who kept me her prisoner? Well, she made a spell that only let us live one year out of each 100. I vowed to never fall in love and have a baby because she would take that child to increase her power. But I got lost one day in the forest and a man helped me. His name was Matthias. We fell in love and...," Freya stopped and remember his smile. How happy he was on his farm, and how he used to laugh when he'd see her. "And?" Penny pressed.  "And I was ready to have a baby. I knew it was a boy. I could feel him in me, moving, kicking. Then, one day, my Aunt Dahlia found Matthias and killed him, right in front of me. I went to her cabin and took her strongest poison. Not because I wanted us to die, but I wanted to save my boy from her, from being her slave like I was...But she cursed me to live forever. My baby died, but I couldn't die," Freya revealed.  Penny inquired softly, "Where is Dahlia now?" "Oh, you don't have to worry about her. She dead, like my mother. They are together, forever and always," Freya smiled in the darkness.  Freya felt Kol's hand on her shoulder, "I'm sorry, Sister. I didn't know. I wish Dahlia would rise so we could kill her again."  "Oh, Kol. You're awake. Can you move? I can't get up. They drugged me. I think we're in a boat," Freya pointed out.  "It's a good thing Bex isn't here, she loathes boats.  I think they are pumping vervain in the air. One thing about vampires is that we don't necessarily have to breath, like humans. Let me cover my mouth and nose," Kol said tearing about his dress shirt. He was wearing an undershirt.  Freya started to try to wake up the others. Vanessa was still unconscious.  A few moments later, after the vampires had awoken, another cloud of smoke puffed through the vents and then all passed out again. Even Freya. They woke up in a well-lit room with padded walls and a floor.  "Where are we now?" Klaus growled. He went over to the cage Penny was in. "Sweetheart, don't worry. We'll get out of here soon," Klaus promised.  "Dad, what is this place?" Tyler gasped.  "Don't worry, boys. We've been in tighter places. We'll get out," Klaus assured them. "You better!" Penny threatened in a small voice. Everyone laughed a little, but stopped when the door opened.  "You have got to be kidding me?" Kol said loudly.  It was Mikael. The old Viking warrior was in a brown rumpled suit and looked tired and worn. He was not the same man that Klaus remembered cowering from fear from. "Father?" Freya yelped in confusion.  "Yes, children. Do not worry. I am going to get you out of here and I'll explain everything," Mikael promised.  Mikael handed Elijah a little vial of amber liquid, "Give this to your girlfriend. It is the antidote to that bite she got. The child should be alright for now until tomorrow evening."  "Father, could you please get us out of here?" Klaus asked. Mikael unlocked Penny's cage and Klaus helped her out. "Yes, I killed all the guard up here. We should disembark and then blow up this boat. The Augustines will think it is one of their many other enemies," Mikael stated.  "The bloody Augustines!" Klaus growled.  "Yes, I'm afraid so," Mikael said leading them outside. Dead bodies were everywhere.  The family got into another speed boat and Mikael pressed a button when they got a certain distance away. Boom! The boat rocked and shockwaves ripped through the water. Penny moaned and Klaus held her tighter. "It's okay," he said. She was still wrapped in Freya's oversized sweater. Vanessa was hungry, but seemed fine.  "Are you here on behalf of the Strix?" Elijah asked.  Mikael nodded, "Anything that could put your life in danger is of course their top priority."  Vanessa asked, "Why is that?"  Mikael answered, "The Strix are all of Elijah's sire line. If he dies, they will all perish instantly, too."  Vanessa looked at Kol, "I guess I bet guard your ass, huh?"  "Somebody ought to," Elijah smiled punching Kol on the arm.  "So are the Augustines behind all the issues with the Guerreras?" Klaus asked tiredly.  "Yes, they formed an alliance maybe a decade or more ago. The Augustines had been experimenting and killing vampires for years, but the Guerreras got them werewolf samples, so to speak," Mikael said.  "They sold their own kind down the river? Just to get their revenge on us?" Elijah asked.  "I think their maybe be more to it. The Guerreras were breeding wolves to make super wolves that can turn at will. They have a way of triggering these wolves and having them follow an alpha that they were bonded to somehow. Very dangerous creatures," Mikael said slowly looking at Penny. "Is there a cure for that yet?" Klaus asked patting Penny's back.  "Not yet, I'm afraid," Mikael said. "Freya, how are you feeling?" "Dizzy, they drugged me with something. I don't understand why the Augustines would get into bed with the Guerreras. It seems like a deal with the devil," Freya reported.  "Well, both sides didn't trust the other. The Strix had agents on infiltrate both organizations. From our sources, we found out that the Guerreras plan to trigger their hybrids tomorrow night in the Louisiana Bayou," Mikael revealed.  "Oh my god, that's where Erik is!" Connor pointed out.  "I don't think I know these two, Niklaus," Mikael said.  "This is my son, Connor and daughter, Penelope. Children, this is our...father, Mikael," Klaus introduced.  "Hello, children, Tyler. How is everyone else?" Mikael asked.  "Enough smalltalk, Father. What is our plan?" Kol said rudely.  Elijah scolded, "Kol, please. He's trying to help."  Kol chortled, "Fine, pretend he was Father of the Year and didn't almost kill Nik here about ten times. So he saves us once, after chasing us a bloody millennia." Elijah opened his mouth again, but Mikael stopped him.  "No, Kol is right. I have no right to have a relationship with any of you. No amount of penance can make up for what I did, how I treated you, and Niklaus, what I did to you, but please allow me to help you now. These Augustines and Guerreras are the nastiest of groups. They will kill anyone to get what they want," Mikael urged.  Freya pressed, "And just what is that?"  Mikael looked surprised that it wasn't obvious, "Why the destruction of all the Originals, of course. If they kill all of us, our sire lines will die. And every single vampire on earth will be eradicated."  Klaus groaned, "So about that plan?"^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Isle Dernière, Louisiana (Strix Hideout)Thursday, December 30, 2010Mikaelson MansionAfternoonSo for the next day, the Mikaelsons worked on a plan to eradicate both the Augustine and Guerrera threat. Mikael took them to a Strix hideaway on Isle Dernière, on the Gulf Coast of Louisiana.  "Where are we exactly?" Vanessa asked Mikael. They were going through supplies for the attack in an underground warehouse.  "We call this Last Island, it was a pleasure resort until it was destroyed by a terrible hurricane on August 10, 1856. Over 200 people were killed. Did you notice when we came in that there was no vegetation? That's from that storm," Mikael responded.  "Oh my, how awful. I did see quite a few sea birds out there. I suppose man's demise is nature's botany," Vanessa mused.  "My dear, you have a lovely way of looking at things. I can see why my son is so charmed by you," Mikael complimented.  "He's been wonderful to me. Truly. And he's a terrific father to Finn and Henrik," Vanessa verified.  "That gives me great comfort. As you no doubt have heard, I was not a good father. My children did well in spite of me, not because of me," Mikael admitted.  Freya came in, "Father, you never wronged me, except when you later wronged my siblings. But tell me, do we have a chance to destroy these beast tomorrow?"  "We do with the power of the Originals, the wolves of the bayou, and the Strix, but there is a very specific reason I am here. I couldn't say this in front of Niklaus," Mikael said.  "What is it?" Freya pressed.  "The Strix plan to destroy all of the Guerrera wolves and the off spring. Freya, I mean all," Mikael emphasized.  "You mean, Penny? Connor? and Erik? How can they even think of killing children? They are innocent," Freya exploded.  "They are dangerous. Vanessa, without the cure I gave you, you would not have died, you would have turned into a vampire who feeds on other vampires. To death. Those are the kind of nasty experiments that the Augustines pride themselves on. They call it the Ripper Virus," Mikael shared.  "What are we going to do? We can't let those children die," Freya exclaimed.  "The thing is that when they activate that switch, the one that affects Penny, all of those infected with the orange eyes will turn.  Their bite causes vampires to kill other vampires if they aren't ripped to shreds.  I'm sorry, but I don't see a solution," Mikael admitted.  "Can't we just restrain them until we find a cure?" Freya asked tightly.  "They are too powerful to contain, especially on a full moon. But the truth is, not one really knows what will happen. These wolves were an experiment," Mikael said.  Penny came out from behind a shelf.  "You mean that I'm an experiment and I'm going to die?" Penny cried.  Freya reassured her, "Penny, it will be fine. What are you doing snooping around? Didn't your father tell you to rest? Let's go find him and see what he thinks of you sneaking around when you are supposed to be napping."  Freya led her out and Mikael was destroyed. No, they couldn't let these children die. Not at all. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Tyler and Connor were also supposed to be resting before the attack tonight.  "So man, you feel like vindicated?" Tyler asked as he laid down on the bunk.  "What y'all mean, Lockwood?" Connor asked.  "Like you were right? We should have been down here the whole damn time," Tyler responded.  "Really? That's how you feel? I sorta feel like maybe it was too dangerous. Do you realize that my whole life is a lie? I think Erik and me were supposed to end up in a camp like Penny but mama kept sending us away to hide us. I wonder if our so-called daddy was actually trying to help her hide us, too. If they injected us with that stuff they put in Penny, I could have turned yesterday, too, man," Connor scoffed.  "That's messed up," Tyler agreed.  "I mean if you wouldn't have stopped me yesterday, I'd have no idea what I was getting into. So I guess thanks?" Connor said tentatively.  "Yeah, can we wipe that from our memories? When we got kidnapped yesterday, all I could think about was how is it possible that my ass still hurts," Tyler admitted.  "I know. I reckon it's cause we didn't get enough blood. When we were on that ship, I kept thinking that we should have drained that medic before he offed himself. How many whacks were you going to take if I hadn't wimped out?" Connor pressed.  "Dude, I was done. I would have confessed to just about anything. If we got that no healing shit and then that paddle, I couldn't-," Tyler conceded.  "You're gonna be a daddy of two and still getting licked with thing," Connor laughed.  "Shut up, that's not even funny. 'Daddy can't drive you to little league because he had a bruised ass.' Or hell, if Caroline got a hold of that paddle, that woman would make my life a living hell. We should probably destroy it, maybe burn down the entire mansion with it in it? I'm sure there is plenty of insurance," Tyler joked.  "What this about burning down the mansion?" Klaus said walking in.  "Oh, forgot there's not sound proof walls here!" Tyler confessed.  "Son, the door was wide open," Klaus said plainly.  "Oh, true," Tyler responded.  "Can you two please actually rest? We don't know what tonight will bring. We'll also hunt before. But boys, we're not going to hunt animals," Klaus said. They looked at each other in confusion. Klaus shut the door.  "One of the reasons my father Mikael was such a strong match for me was, not only because he was a trained warrior, but because he only drank vampire blood. Animal blood is okay, human blood is good, but vampire blood will make us even stronger. The Strix have a little problem warehouse they have asked us to clean out before we go to the Bayou tonight," Klaus stated.  "You mean, we'll be hunting real vampires?" Connor asked in awe. "As a hybrid, they will be no match for us. They are evil doers and no one will miss them. I'll be with you. Now in the beds and rest," Klaus commanded lightly. He pulled the covers up to their chins and kissed them both on the forehead. Tyler flushed at little at the childish gesture, but it was dark and no one else was there except Connor. Plus, nothing was as bad as what happened yesterday in the kitchen. Freya came by with Penny, "Little Miss Eavesdropper was in the warehouse behind a shelf."  "Excuse me, boys. I'll wake you up soon. Love you," Klaus said shutting the door. Klaus heard Connor whisper, "You're going to have like five kids and still get tucked in." Tyler hissed, "Shut up, man. You can't even get a girlfriend." Klaus held Penny's hand and let her get in the cot in her room.  "You must be tired. You're not even arguing. This will all be over soon, luv. Then, we'll be home," Klaus said. He kissed her on the forehead.  Klaus watched her until she felt asleep. What Klaus hadn't told the boys was that the Strix didn't want Elijah involved in the vampire hunting. They needed to keep their sire safe at all costs. The Strix could have cared less if the rest of them got a dose of the white oak stake to the heart.  Freya went to her own room. She couldn't sleep. She had to think of a way to save Penny and her brothers. *Refer to "Factions" Chapter 8 to find out what happened in New Orleans. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, VirginiaWednesday, December 29, 2010Saltzman-Gilbert ResidenceLate Evening "Finn, Henrik, you two need to keep it down! You're going to wake up the babies!" Jeremy hissed.  "Look, Jeremy. I can jump from this bed to the other!" Henrik said jumping from one bed to the other.  Matt came in rubbing his eyes, "Little dudes, what are you still doing up? It's like 10:30 pm."  "It was Henrik! He was jumping on the beds, not me. Tell him, Jer," Finn yelled.  "Finn, if you wake up the twins, you are going to be in big trouble!" Jeremy whispered in frustration.  Just then, they heard the sound of the babies screaming in the next room.  Matt and Jeremy looked at each other.  The door opened, Alaric looked in, "Guys, what's going on in here?"  Jeremy spoke first, "Sorry, Uncle Ric. I was trying to get them back in bed. Henrik was jumping on the beds-again." "No! I wasn't! It was Finn," Henrik bellowed.  Alaric sighed, "Matt, Jeremy, can you go see if Jenna needs help with the twins? Then, bed. I got this. Thanks."  They left and shut the door.  "Finn, back in bed. Come on. Henrik, no more jumping on the bed. We don't want to have to take you to the hospital emergency room, okay?  Come on, back in. There we go," Alaric said tucking them both in. He heard a scratching at the door and let Sadie in. Sadie laid down on the floor in between both twin bed.  "Uncle Ric, can you tell us a story?" Finn asked.  "A story, geez, I don't know. What kind of a story?" Ric asked perplexed. He was drawing a blank.  "Daddy tells us stories about what happens to bad kids!" Henrik said now sucking his thumb. He seemed too old for that thought Alaric. Finn agreed, "Yeah, like the bad boys who tied up the chicken grains with a string to trick people and killed the chickens. They messed with the people and got then got sewed up in a sack and then ground up in a mill." Henrik laughed, "The chickens then ate them. Get it? The chickens ate the kids." "That sounds like an awful story. Well, if you like awful stories, let me think. Okay, I got it, but then you both have to go to bed, again," Ric said with determination.  "We will," Finn promised.  "Story! Story!" Henrik chanted.  "Okay, shh, I'm thinking...This story is called The Rat Catcher of Hamelin or Rattenfänger von Hameln in German. My grandfather used to tell me this one, and he was pretty mean, so brace yourselves," Ric started.  "I'm scared," Finn said.  "It's not scary, I swear. So the time is during the Black Death. The people of Hameln, in lower Saxony of Germany were dying, like so many others in Europe. The Plague was a bad disease, but we have medicine for it now, don't worry. So the people got the plague by little fleas on the rats. They thought if we get rid of the rats, no Plague, right?" Alaric paused.  "So the rats were bad?" Henrik whimpered.  "Well, in the story they spread the plague, so I guess. Anyway, the town was desperate so they hired a pipe player to lure the rats away from the town,-" Alaric said dramatically. "Why didn't they just get a cat?" Finn asked shortly.  "I don't know. But they thought the music would lure the rats about and save the town from getting sick. Because if you got the plague, you could get these big sores filled with puss and die. So the piper actually does a good job and saves the town from the sickness BUT,-" Alaric paused again. "He died?" Finn asked.  "No, but good guess. The townspeople refused to pay him," Alaric paused.  "No fair," Henrik complained. "No, it wasn't fair.  He got so mad that he used his pipe to lure away all the town's children into the sea for revenge. The end!" Alaric finished.  "So they went swimming? That doesn't make sense," Finn said.  "Well, what if the kids couldn't swim?" Alaric reasoned.  "They would die," Henrik said.  "So they died? He killed the kids? Why didn't they just pay him?" Finn asked. "Guys, it just a story, like the one your dad told you about the kids who got ground up in a mill. Now shut your eyes because if I have to come in here again, it going to be a different story," Alaric said.  "What?" Finn asked.  "The bad little boys who got spanked for not going to bed on time. It's a painful tale," Alaric smiled.  "You can't spank us. We get time outs now!" Finn argued.  "Do you really want to argue about this now, young man?" Alaric warned standing to his full height.  Finn turned away from Alaric and scowled.  He kissed Henrik good night, "Love you. No more jumping on the bed."Henrik was asleep.  Alaric pulled up Finn's comforter and kissed him, "Finn, I love you. Go to sleep so we can have a good day tomorrow. Come on, guys, it's late. Night, Sadie"  Finn whispered, "Good night."  Alaric left a night light on and cringed. He needed to up his repertoire of stories before his own kids got older or they'd never sleep.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Matt went to bed and Jeremy stayed up to talk with Jenna as she fed the twins until Alaric was done.  "Gray seemed like he's getting bigger. Sommer looks the same size," Jeremy whispered.  "It's because he never stops eating. Oral fixation, I'd say. I wish your sister took a bigger interest in the twins. Jeremy, I'm starting to share your worry about her and Stefan and Damon. Have you talked to her at all?" Jenna asked now burping Grayson.  "Not really, she texted me. Tyler said he saw he at the Grill with Damon. Sometimes I wonder if she is actually in love with Damon, rather than Stefan. It's a weird situation," Jeremy admitted.  "Yeah, I just wonder what your mom would do. Why did I let her move into that boarding house? I think back and it's a blur. She always had it so together with you kids. She made it look so damn easy," Jenna said tearfully. Jeremy cringed remembering how Klaus had compelled Jenna to sign over custody of him. He knew she didn't remember that either. In her mind, she was still his guardian.  "Hey, Aunt Jenna, she was a great mom, but so are you. She wouldn't have wanted us to be sad over her, you know that. Did you and Uncle John make any decisions to keep or sell my dad's old office building?"  Jenna nodded, wiping Grayson's face clean with a burp rag, "We compromised. We're going to rent it out. John is cleaning it out tomorrow and Friday to get it ready. Sorry, Jer, I know he's your uncle and that I had that small period where I dated him, if you can call it that, but I detest that guy." Jeremy absentmindedly agreed, "He's a dick, for sure. Aunt Jenna, do you ever remember my dad and Uncle John like, being a part of a secret society?" "When they were at Whitmore, they both got rings with an A on them. I assumed it was an Alpha, you know, some kind of fraternity, but when I started grad school there, I realized they don't have Greek organizations... Whose my big boy?" Jenna cooed at Grayson, putting him in the crib.  Jeremy was bouncing Sommer and she started to fuss, Jenna took her to feed next. At first, the breast feeding freaked Jeremy out, but now it didn't bother him. He didn't know how Tyler and Caroline were going to do this.  Alaric slipped in. "Hey Jer, you better not be so helpful or we're going to keep you here," Alaric joked sitting in the rocking chair. Jeremy felt a flash of guilt for not being around more, "I'll stay over spring break. Did the boys go back to bed? Sorry about that, they've been getting crazy lately."  "I had to tell them the story of the Pied Piper of Hamlin. Do they always jump on the beds like that?" Alaric wondered.  "Yeah, we caught them doing it a bunch of times. They haven't been listening that well lately," Jeremy admitted.  "I'm surprised Elijah puts up with that. I threatened to spank them if they kept misbehaving and they told me they only get time outs now," Alaric mused.  "Ric, you can't spank someone else's kids!" Jenna hissed horrified.  "Oh, he can and he does," Jeremy laughed remembering when Ric set him straight when he had the hunter's curse and tried to kill Damon, "but Vanessa doesn't want Uncle Elijah being hard on them. You know, I guess she wants them to...I honestly don't know, but they broke my dad's favorite lamp and didn't get in trouble. My dad's so pissed about it, but he's trying to not say anything."  "That, I might like to see. Anyway, Jer, go to bed, we'll caught up more in the morning,-" Ric said yawning. CRASH! The babies both began crying.  "What the hell was that?" Alaric boomed.  Jenna put Sommer in her crib and the three of them went toward the sound. Finn opened the door, "Henrik broke another lamp! I told him not to jump." "Is he hurt?" Jenna asked anxiously.  They turned on the light to find the light shade off, the base of the light shattered, and Henrik on Finn's bed.  "Are you okay, Henrik?" Alaric asked.  "Finn dared me to do it! He did it, too," Henrik wailed. "Honey, are you hurt?" Jenna asked again.  "No, I'm okay," Henrik answered.  Jeremy said, "I'll get the vacuum."  Alaric picked them both up and said, "Let's get you guys away from the glass. Come on, Sadie."   Matt woke up again, "What happened? It sounded like something broke!" "Lamp. Help me, would ya?" Jeremy said.  Matt groaned, "Bed jumping again? This had got to end."  "Yup, they wouldn't go to bed either and Alaric threatened to spank them. They told him they only get time outs now," Jeremy shook his head.  "But we get our asses busted at our age? Dude, it's not right. Not that I want to get grounded for like a month again, but those kids need more than a talking-to. You good here? I'm going to go see what's going on?" Matt said.  "Yeah, bro. Almost done. Hey, I wonder what's going on in New Orleans. Any texts yet?" Jeremy asked.  "Nah, I'm trying not to think about how we got left behind. Actually, I'm grateful. Fighting a bunch of wolves sounds awful. They promised to call tomorrow," Matt sighed.  Matt found Alaric putting the boys in Alaric and Jenna's king size bed. Henrik was crying and Ric was trying to get him settled down.  "Are they sleeping in here?" Matt asked. Finn ran to Matt and hugged him around the waist.  "Yeah, I'll just sleep on the couch," Alaric suggested. "Actually, Jeremy's almost done cleaning up the glass. I hope you apologized to Ric for this mess, guys," Matt said sternly. "Sorry, Ric," Finn cried, still hugging Matt. Matt put his arm around Finn. "Henrik, what do you want to say?" Matt asked.  "I'm sorry for jumping again," Henrik almost whispered.  Finn looked down. Jenna came back in carrying Sommer, "Are you boys okay?"  They nodded.  "She won't go down. Jeremy cleaned up the glass if you want to take them back in their room. It's way past your bedtime and ours. Matt, you better get back to bed to, honey," Jenna said. Matt nodded and said goodnight again.  To Alaric, she mouthed, "Spank them!"  Alaric smiled to himself, he knew she was joking.   "Come on, boys. Let's get you back to bed," Alaric repeated holding their hands. "So why did the children follow the Piper?" Finn asked.  Alaric sighed, "Honestly, I have no idea.  How about I'll tell you another scary story? About a boy who wanted to be an archaeologist and ended up a high school teacher...,"  "Was he bad?" Henrik asked hoping for a more interesting story.  "Well, he got arrested once for defending the honor of a lady, but when he was a kid...yeah, he was pretty bad at times," Alaric shared.  Ric sat on the armchair in the corner and ten minutes later, all three of them were fast asleep. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Thursday, December 30, 2010The next time passed with no word from anyone in New Orleans. After the excitement of the previous night, all of the kids slept in. Ric and Jenna were up and down several times.  The day passed in a blur of feedings, crying, diaper changes, and bath time. Henrik wanted to hold the twins and play with them. Finn was not interested and played games with Matt and Jeremy.  Jeremy's thoughts lingered on what Jenna told him about Uncle John and his dad. He shared it with Matt as he was holding Grayson on the couch. The television was on with the sound low. The boys were in the kitchen with Alaric and Jenna and Sommer. "You're not thinking about investigating again, right?" Matt asked.  "No way, I didn't just get paddled, I also got my mouth washed out with soap for lying. It was awful, Dad like used this washcloth and got it all over my mouth. Hell, no, I'm not going through that again. But I feel like Dad should at least know about this, like my Uncle John has got to be involved in the Augustine Society... but they aren't answering their phones," Jeremy added.  "I'm surprised I didn't in trouble with you, too, since I was with your dumbass that day. I don't know, Jer. Is it even important? I mean, everyone is in New Orleans, we're here. I say let them handle it. Don't worry so much," Matt advised.  "Yeah, I just wish they would call. They are probably just busy," Jeremy agreed. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^LunchJenna was making sandwiches for lunch. Alaric had Sommer in a bouncy chair by the table.  "Boys, let's talk about last night. You know that you could have been hurt when you broke the lamp right?" Alaric asked.  Finn said, "But we weren't. It was an accident." "I know, Finn. But no more jumping around on the furniture. I mean it," Alaric said firmly.  "Are you telling Dad?" Henrik asked suddenly as the thought occurred to him.  "No," Alaric answered slowly.  "But we have to right?" Finn said glumly. "That's right. Don't you think that's fair?" Alaric asked.  "But we're gonna get into trouble," Henrik whined.   "I'm sure it will be fine. Now, why don't you go wash your hands before dinner?" Alaric suggested. They got up glumly and headed towards the downstairs bathroom.  Jenna turned, "Hmm, those don't seem like boys who are going to get a time out, do they?"  Alaric agreed, "No, not at all. Hey, it's strange. Elijah said they would call today, but none of us heard from them. I hope everything is okay in New Orleans."  "It's your fault!" "Ouch! Stop it!" "Let go of my hair!"  Alaric heard the fight and asked Jenna to watch Sommer in her chair. He jogged to the bathroom to find the boys pulling each other's hair and scratching each other.  "Boys, stop that right now," Ric said separating them. He grabbed one boy with each arm and brought them into the kitchen. He thought Finn's face was bleeding. Henrik was holding his hand up to his eye. He had them sit down on opposite sides of the table.  "What is the world are you two fighting over?" Jenna burst out. She rushed over to check Henrik's eye and get him some ice.  Finn's face was red and he was furious. Alaric looked at his scratch and noticed it wasn't bleeding.  Henrik was trying to talk, but yelling, "He hit me!" He threw the ice at Finn. "We're going to get in trouble because he broke the lamp. He's a....an idiot!" Finn shouted. Throwing the ice back.  "Boys, stop! Right now," Alaric roared before someone else got hit in the face.  Their yelling drew Jeremy and Matt from the family room and caused Sommer to start screaming. Jenna put the sandwiches on the table for lunch.  "I'll take her up for her nap," Jenna picked up Sommer and went upstairs. Sadie also ran in the kitchen to see what was going on.  "Guys, there was a little tiff in the bathroom," Alaric explained to the older boys.  Matt shook his head in disappointment, "You guys don't act like this at home." "Shut up," Finn said sharply.  Jeremy gasped, "Finn! You better watch yourself. I don't know what is going on, but I heard your dad say if you got in trouble here, he was going to double whatever you got at home. Good luck."  Matt gave Henrik a more sympathetic look. Henrik was crying softly, but Finn was glaring at his old cousin's defiantly.  Matt and Jeremy put Sadie on her leash and took her for a walk.  Alaric stood up and got two notebook and some pencils. "I'm going to do what we do at school. I want you both to write out your version of what happened on the paper. Go ahead. Get started," Alaric prompted.  The boys looked at him blankly.  "Guys, write out the first thing that happened, like 'I was washing my hands and...'" Alaric prompted.  Finn was gripping his pencil tightly and started writing furiously. Henrik wrote slower and more painstakingly. After a few minutes, Alaric read the accounts and tried to make sense. "So Finn, you got mad at Henrik and attacked him first. Is that true?" Alaric asked evenly. "Yes! It's his fault. We could lose all of our toys or have to go to bed early for a week! Stupid...,-" Finn fumed.  "That's enough. You know, you can't just physically attack someone like that, plus, he's your little brother. He's smaller. You know what that makes you? A bully," Alaric said plainly.  "Yeah," Henrik said softly.  "Shut up, idiot!" Finn yelled.  "Finn, you need to stop right now," Alaric yelled.  To Henrik, "Henrik, why don't you eat your sandwich. I'm going to talk to Finn in the family room a minute, okay, buddy?"  Alaric said, "Finn, come on, let's talk." Finn scowled and followed him to the couch and sat beside Alaric stiffly.  "Finn, what you did was wrong? You attacked your brother and hurt him. He said last night that you encouraged him to jump out of bed, right?" Alaric pressed.  "I was joking. I didn't think he'd do it," Finn sassed.  "I don't believe that. I know you love your brother, but you hurt him today and that's not okay. How can you make this right?" Alaric pressed.  "I don't know," Finn said defiantly.  "Finn, you are a very smart young man. I think you do know. I'm going to give you another chance. How can you make this up to your brother?" Alaric asked. This is why Alaric didn't teach elementary aged kids, this was painful to him. Did Finn really not know or was he playing? Alaric suspected he was playing him.  "Punch him again?" Finn glared.  Alaric grabbed Finn and flipped him over his left knee. Smack!"Let's *smack* try *smack* this *smack* again!" Alaric lectured smacking the seat of his pants again. He swatted each cheek and then across both.  "Stop! You can't! Help!" Finn shouted in panic. Alaric didn't know who he was calling to for help since the room was empty. He paused.  "Answer the question. Unless you want me to keep spanking your backside," Alaric warned. Finn started kicking and trying to throw himself off of Alaric's knee in anger. Alaric just tightered his grip around his waist and pulled him so he wouldn't fall on the floor. Smack! Smack! Smack! Alaric popped him another three times. "Ouch! Fine, I could tell him that I'm sorry," Finn groaned.  "Are you?" Alaric asked raising his hand over Finn's bottom.  Crack! Crack! Crack!  "Yes!" Finn sobbed, "I was mean. I just didn't want to get in trouble."  "Then, behave and you don't have to worry about losing your...toys or whatever. Now I'm going to call in Henrik for you to apologize to. I'll let you up, but anymore of that name calling or rudeness and you will be back over my lap for another spanking.  Smack! Smack! Smack! "OWWW. S-Sorry, I'll stop," Finn promised.  "Then, I want you to hug him and eat your lunch. You also need to tell Matt you're sorry," Alaric said.  "I will! Just let me up," Finn wailed. Alaric knew that he was not swatting him hard and the tears were from the emotional turmoil, not the actual pain of the spanking.  Alaric stood up Finn and gave him a firm look. Finn rubbed one side of his backside violently. Alaric didn't know whether to laugh or cry at these theatrics. He had cupped his hand and just popped him lightly for effect to get his attention. "Henrik, would you come here please?" Alaric called.  Henrik was hugging himself and looked miserable.  Alaric went over and patted his shoulder, "It's okay, buddy. Finn has something to say to you."  Alaric gave Finn a pointed stare and he exhaled loudly.  "Sorry, Henrik," Finn mumbled.  "For?" Alaric demanded.  "I guess, um, hitting him and being mean," Finn muttered.  "Finn, you need to tell him, please," Alaric repeated. "Sorry, I hit you and was mean! Okay?" Finn spewed with an attitude. "Henrik, do you accept his apology?" Alaric said. Henrik nodded sadly.  "Okay, hug, and then Finn you can eat your sandwich. Henrik, you can have ice cream or something, okay?" Alaric smiled.  Finn made no attempted to hug his brother so Alaric gently guided him over.  "There we go, we all love each other. See? That wasn't so hard was it? Look, the boys are back with the dog!" Alaric said.  Henrik let Finn hug him and then pulled away awkwardly.  They went back into the kitchen. Finn plopped down in the kitchen chair with no problem and Alaric turned and rolled his eyes. What a little actor? Alaric gave him the sandwich Jenna made and got Henrik a cup of fruit.  When Matt and Jeremy came in, Alaric asked them to watch the boys so he could go relieve Jenna with the twins. He could hear Sommer crying and knew that Gray was probably feeding.  Jeremy let Sadie off the leash and she went up to Finn at the table. He fed her half of his sandwich.  Matt scolded, "Finn, come on, man. You know better."  Finn remembered he was supposed to tell Matt he was sorry for telling him to shut up.  "Sorry," he blurted.  "About feeding the dog or how you talked to me?" Matt asked softly sitting on the chair beside him.  "Saying 'shut up', I guess," Finn conceded.  "Listen, I know you miss everyone, they will be home soon okay. Then, we can go home. Can you just hang in there one more day?" Matt asked. Finn nodded, "Daddy's going to be mad that we were bad." Jeremy couldn't disagree with that, "You know, our dad wouldn't put up with the way you've been acting lately. Did you guys make up?"  Henrik was only picking through and eating the cherries in his fruit cup. "He made us," he said quietly.  "Like Matt said, everyone will be home soon. Vanessa will be there, Aunt Freya, your dad, our dad, Uncle Kol, the other guys, Penny, and I'm sure they are not going to be happy to hear that you two were fist fighting," Jeremy shared.  "Alaric smacked me already," Finn huffed.  "Maybe not hard enough because it seems like you still have an attitude. Guys, there are two babies here, Jenna and Alaric can't entertain you all day like we do at home. If you had been good last night or today, we'd see if we could take you to Fun Town, but do you think you deserve to go today? Be honest," Matt asked. He wasn't surprised that Alaric smacked Finn, he was surprised that he hadn't smacked him before this. The kid was in rare form.  Neither boy responded.  Jeremy paused, "However, maybe we can take you to the Grill for dinner and then you can run around the square after, how'd you like that?. That might tire you out more so you don't get in trouble again for jumping on the furniture. Do you think you can behave yourselves if we take you out?"  "Yes!" Henrik promised.  "We'll be good. I swear it. Take us please," Finn begged.  Jeremy arranged with Alaric for them to borrow his car to take the boys out. He'd bring back dinner for Jenna and Alaric on their way back. It was too hard for them to take the twins out because they were so young and not on a strict schedule yet.  "Have fun, guys! Call us if you need us. Boys, listen to Matt and Jeremy. They are in charge of you, okay? Any issues and you will go to bed tonight with no tv or story," Alaric warned.  "Yes, Uncle Ric," Finn said politely. "Bye!" Henrik said happily.  Alaric was amazed at how fast their moods had recovered. He hugged Henrik and then Finn a little tighter.   "Finn, I mean it. You good, little man?" Alaric asked looking him over. "Yes, good!" Finn smiled. He did seem fine now.  Ric went upstairs and found Jenna tending to the babies. She was feeding Grayson again.  "Finn and Henrik are as happy as pigs in-," Alaric started. He was playing with Sommer. He swore she smiled at him.  "Eww, I know, gross, don't say it. They are little, Ric. Everything is a big deal. That was sweet of Matt and Jer to take them out," Jenna added.  "Honestly, as naughty as the the younger two have been, Klaus' boys really have straightened up. I wonder if that's from him being up their asses all the time or just them growing up and getting older," Alaric mused. He started to change Sommer's diaper. He had done it so many times, he could do it in his sleep. He actually thought he had done it in his sleep a few times.  "Maybe a combination of both? No, maybe more Klaus. When I had Jeremy here by myself he was a foul-mouthed, rude, suicidal, drunk, drug addict having sex with another addict when he was 14, 15 years old. He skipped school and basically I couldn't control him. He's not that same kid," Jenna admitted.  "Well, his parents had just died, honey. You can't blame yourself. You also had Elena, who had been in that car and you were young yourself. No one is prepared for that type of thing.  At least you didn't have to share custody with Grayson's brother, John," Alaric mentioned.  "Oh hey, did I tell you that he's cleaning out the office today? So we can start to rent it out," Jenna said now burping Gray on her shoulder.  Alaric shrugged, "No worries. There's nothing valuable there. Damon and I went through it. He won't find anything big he can paw through if that is what he is looking for. Joke is on him. The guy is such a dick." "Good one," she laughed as Gray burped, "I know, right? John, gag. I feel bad that Jer and Elena are related to him. Any word from Elijah or Klaus?"  Alaric frowned, "None. I'm starting to get worried."^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Outside the Mystic Grill After dinner, Matt and Jeremy let the boys roll around the town square. They ran into some girls from school and talked to them for a while. Jeremy and Bonnie had just become friends again. She was busy with her witchcraft and always ditching him for Elena, Damon, and Stefan. Jeremy was moving on.  Matt hadn't really been seeing anyone serious.  He did find a girl to tutor him in math, but she wasn't really his type. It was hard to find a replacement for Elena in this town.  After the girls said goodbye, Matt and Jeremy looked around for the boys. "Henrik! Finn!" they started calling.  "We told them not to go far!" Matt fumed.  "We should have been watching them," Jeremy admitted.  Matt added, "True! But they don't listen worth shit. I'm telling you Jer, I'm reaching my-,"  "Matt, Jeremy, we're over here!" Finn yelled from across the square.  "See? Jesus Christ," Matt ranted stomping over to where they saw the boys.  "Guys, what are doing so far over here. We told you not to go so far away," Jeremy scolded.  "I wanted to show them something interesting that I found. Why don't you two join me also?" a voice said from behind Jeremy and Matt. "Uncle John? What the hell are you doing?" Jeremy asked in alarm.  "Is that the way you speak to your only blood uncle, young man? Grayson would be so disappointed in you," John reported.  "Don't talk about my father! What do you want? We need to get home," Jeremy said in alarm.  "Home? You mean your real house? Or the vampire infested mansion where you live with the abominations?" John said with his hands on Finn and Henrik. When he lifted his arms, they saw a pistol in his waistband.  "And where were you? My parents died and you were barely there long enough for the funeral. How dare you question my family now.  They have been there for me a hell of a lot more than you ever have been!" Jeremy spat.  "That's because I was trying to protect you and my daughter," John said pushing the boys towards Dr. Gilbert's old office building.  Matt asked, "Your daughter?"  "Elena. Elena's my daughter," John revealed, "Now, let's get in the office building before someone gets hurt."  Stunned, Jeremy and Matt followed him into the old medical offices of Dr. Grayson Gilbert. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, Virginia Thursday, December 30, 2010EveningAlaric was getting worried. The boys should have been home by now. He took Jenna's car and drove to the Grill. He found Jenna's car, it was locked, but no sign of the boys. They weren't answering their phones.  Alaric put his hunting skills to work. Nothing looked out of order. There were no disturbances or police calls in the area.  He walked around the town square until his eyes fell on the former Grayson Gilbert medical practice.  "Damon, hey buddy, I need you. Get over to the former Gilbert medical office. Something is going on. I think someone has my nephews," Ric started. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Jeremy couldn't believe that his own uncle was holding them hostage.  "So you are in the Augustine Society? Uncle John, how could you and my dad do something like that? Torturing vampires?" Jeremy asked disgusted.  "I was trying to protect Mystic Falls. That's our legacy as founders. The council just didn't do enough. Your father was trying to utilize the vampires for their healing properties. It worked, too. But then, once we figured out that the bloodsuckers blood actually healed, the Augustines demanded more. There is a price for all knowledge. They forced us to do more heinous experiments and they threatened us, they threatened this town. Jeremy, I know that you can't forgive me, but believe me, we made a deal with the devil. The price was my soul," John spat.  Matt growled, "What did you mean about Elena? Before when you said she was your daughter?"  "She is my biological daughter. I got my high school girl friend pregnant, her name was Isobel. I never thought that she would leave me, but she did. She disappeared for months. When I found her again, she was ready to give birth. My brother delivered Elena in this very office. Miranda and Grayson had tried for a child for years. They fears they would never have one of their own. Your parents took her and we went our separate ways. Isobel took off again. Now Elena is surrounded by monsters, just like you. This must all end. I don't like it, but the Augustines don't leave any room for choice. They all have to die," John ranted.  "Vampires? What the hell are you talking about?" Jeremy scoffed.  "There was a device here that would not only identify all vampires, but destroy them. Yet, it seems to be missing. I know you have been snooping around here, nephew. You, and your other uncle, the wonderful Ric, he must have stolen it," John said. "Are you just going to keep us here all night? It's getting late. The boys need to be in bed," Matt declared.  "Oh, we'll be here until I get what I need. Now, get comfortable," John retorted. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^New Orleans, Louisiana French Quarter, The CompoundThursday, December 30, 2010Evening"Kol, just come up, man. I know you're down there," Marcel called going out on Davina's balcony. He had opened her door to check on her and found her bed empty. She tried to pretend like she was sitting on her balcony alone. "Dad, he went back inside. I was just sitting out here alone," Davina lied.  "Really, that's the best you can do, D.? There's a wine glass that smells like blood to me sitting out here. I don't think you're starting to drink blood, unless there is something I don't know. And since when are you allowed to drink wine coolers? KOL! I'm going to go get Klaus," Marcel warned brandishing the empty wine cooler bottle. Kol vamped back up to the balcony from the street below. "Take it easy, Marcellus. Is it illegal to have a chat on a balcony now?" Kol asked causally leaning against the railing. He winked at Davina when Marcel put down the wine cooler. She laughed and shook her head at him. "No, it's not.  I just don't see why you have to take a header off the balcony if it is such an innocent little chat, though," Marcel pointed out.  "Dad, we were just talking. You're freaking over nothing. Actually, I'd like to go to bed, it's been a long day. So, good night," Davina smiled kissing Marcel on the cheek on her tippy toes.  "We'll talk about the wine cooler and a few other things tomorrow, but you better get some sleep for now. Love you," Marcel smiled.  "Good night, Darling," Kol said smiling and following Marcel out of Davina's quarters. Kol whispered, "I just hopped down in case it was Nik or Elijah, to spare myself a long lecture on whatever they felt like ranting on about. Nothing untoward was happening. Trust me." "Hang on, is that your cell phone ringing in your room?" Marcel said. Kol vamped down the hallway and found his phone in his jacket and answered it. It was from Mystic Falls "What? Okay, hang on, I'll get him," Kol said.  A moment later, Klaus woke Elijah and Vanessa, "Get your things. We need to get back to Mystic Falls. The boys are missing!" ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic Falls"I finally got a hold of Klaus. They're on their way back," Ric said to Damon. "Yay, so happy to hear that. All we need in Mystic Falls, more Originals, the murder rate to shoot up again," Damon complained.  "I guess that is your job, huh?" Ric said trying to pick the lock on the office.  "Back up, Ric," Damon said ripping the door off the hinges.  "Wait, Damon, there are kids in there. Do we have a plan?" Ric asked.  "Um, yeah! Kill the bad guy, grab the kids, drop them off at a day care or preschool, and then drink bourbon," Damon quipped.  "That's a great plan, Damon. But don't forget that these are not only my nephews, but Klaus and Elijah Mikaelson's kids so...don't mess this up, follow my lead, okay?" Ric counseled. Alaric and Damon snuck in the building only to be held up at gunpoint 20 feet in.  "Are these the two?" they heard a voice ask as a stake was pointed at Damon's heart and a gun at Alaric's head. John answered, "Yes, that's them."  Damon groaned, "I thought I killed you! I killed your entire family."  Then, the world went black. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Jenna called Elena when Alaric never came home with the boys. "Stefan, that was my Aunt Jenna. She's worried about Ric. Didn't Damon leave with him a couple of hours ago?" Elena said shaking Stefan awake.  "Elena, I try not to keep tabs on my brother. But if it makes you feel better let me see if he's here," Stefan said getting out of bed.  Elena got up and got dressed. She checked her phone. "Hey Stefan, he sent me a text saying that he was at my...this is weird. My dad's old office in town. Why would he be there? What is going on?" Elena wondered aloud. "Why did he text you?" Stefan asked in confusion. He ran a hand through his "hero hair", as Damon called it.  "I have no idea. Let's go. We need to check it out. I'm going to call Bonnie, just in case," Elena revealed.  "You're the boss," Stefan smiled.  "And don't forget it," Elena said tossing her long brown hair into a ponytail. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic Falls"Stefan, the door is broken. No one has been here in months. Jenna said my Uncle John and her were going to rent it out, but why would the door be messed up?" Elena asked.  "Elena, I'll check it out. Just stay in the car, okay? I'll be right back," Stefan said lightly.  "Did you really think that was going to work?" Elena said her brown eyes challenging him to argue with her.  "No, of course not. Just stay close to me," Stefan said getting out of the car.  They crept through the abandoned medical office until they reached the basement level.  "My dad always said there was black mold down here. It's creepy," Elena said.  "Elena, we're not alone!" Stefan realized.  From behind him, a voice said, "Finally. I thought we were going to have to wait all night." Elena turned, "Uncle John? What is going on?"  "Ah, Elena, meet Wes Maxfield," John said awkwardly.  "What a lovely daughter you have," Wes said smoothly. Stepping out of the shadows and avoiding the glare of John Gilbert. Wes was not supposed to be here, John wasn't sure what was going on now, but he didn't like it. "Daughter? I'm not his-," Elena said sharply.  "She didn't know, Wes," John admitted.  "Uncle John, where's Alaric? Where's Damon?" Elena shouted.  Stefan was shot with a vial of vervain and collapsed.  "Stefan! What did you do to him?" Elena screamed.  "Elena, we'll get you caught up. But for now, we need to restrain this vampire. He's very old and dangerous. We only have a few hours to get the objects location while the Originals are gone. I'll take you to your brother," John said.  "Jeremy is here?" Elena gasped.  "Yes, right in here," John said opening the door to the other room.  "You tied him up? What the hell is wrong with you? Matt? Boys? Oh my god, are they dead? This is a nightmare," Elena cried.  "That are fine. We dosed them with sedatives. They didn't know anything. We just used them as bait," Wes added.  "Bait for what?" Elena scoffed.  "The Gilbert device, of course," Wes revealed.  "What are you talking about? Why are you doing this? Where is Stefan?" Elena demanded.  "I think you know more than you think you do. Think Elena, remember the night you walked in on your father down here. He was extracting blood from a vampire to heal another little girl of a heart condition. Do you recall that night? It was a long time ago," John prompted.  "I thought that was a nightmare! That was real," Elena said in shock. "Yes, your father joined the Augustines to rid the world of vampires. He had to do some vile things in order to help humans. The Augustines will not harm humans. For example, we need Alaric's cooperation, but they would not kidnap or threaten Jenna or her children. But vampires, on the other hand, are all going to die anyway. So they can be made to suffer," John went on. "Suffer? For what?" Elena spat.  "To locate the object. We believe that Ric and Damon here stole the Gilbert device out of here weeks ago and hid it. That device has the power to destroy all of the abominations, even the Originals," Wes interrupted.  "How is that possible?" Elena asked in shock.  "Jonathan Gilbert made a deal with the devil in the 1860s, around the time of the Founding, is how the story goes. In reality, your friend Bonnie's ancestor, Emily spelled the device to retroactively dissolve all of Qetsiyah's immortality spells. Only a descendent of Qetsiyah, a Bennett witch would have this power. It must also be cast by a Bennett witch. Sadly, I'm afraid, casting the spell will kill your friend Bonnie, but she's not human either," Wex continued.  "Let me go!" Bonnie screamed as a man in armor threw her into the room. She was cuffed and her feet were tied.  "Bonnie, are you okay?" Elena yelled, running to her.  "Elena, I can't do magic. What is going on?" Bonnie asked frantically.  Elena shook her head. She couldn't talk in front of these psychos.  "Why are you doing this, Uncle John?" Elena repeated.  "Elena, you're not just my niece, but my daughter. I know Grayson wanted to keep all this from you and Jeremy, but if he saw the way you are surrounded by the undead...it would kill him again. I need to free, not only you, but the world of these abominations, even if it kills me," John said.  "And it will kill you," Klaus smirked as he appeared in the doorway. The smile froze on Wes' face, "But you are in New Orleans." Elijah appeared next, "Did you ever hear of a private jet? It's a tad faster than commercial. I guess the Augustines just focus on kidnapping woman and children, hmm? Just want did you think you would get out of this little venture?"  John seethed, "The destruction of your kind. My ancestor sold his soul to the devil to get the power to destroy all of you. And with that, your deaths, all of the abominations you sired would die." "Well, I'm afraid, you wouldn't live to see that day because I am going to rip your heart out in about ten seconds...," Klaus said matter of factly.  "Wait, didn't you already die, little man?" Elijah said slamming Wes up against the wall.  "That's my fault, Son," Mikael said walking into the room.  "Father, shall we assume you betrayed us? I suppose the explosion was a ruse, to get us to let our guard down," Klaus growled, his eyes flashing yellow.  Wes demanded, "Cooperate and we'll let your kids live. We have them drugged in the other room. Resist and we'll start killing the little ones." "Niklaus, forgive me. Remember the good times we had, like how I gave you that dog you loved, Fenris," Mikael said quickly before an army of Augustines came in and began to restrain them with vervain infused chains. Elijah and Klaus looked at each other, they never had pets. Fenris the wolf, was an old Viking tale about a wolf who could bite through his chains.  "Now, tell us where the Gilbert device is!" Wes demanded jerking the chains.  "I don't think so," Klaus smiled.  "We'll kill the blond kid first," Wes threatened.  "I thought you didn't harm humans," Elena corrected.  John looked nervous, "The deal was that my daughter and my nephew would be released to my custody."  Wes took a knife and stabbed John in the side, "We don't need you any longer."  Klaus jerked his chain loose ignoring the burning in his hands and used it to strangled Wes. He stopped before he was dead and used the chain to tie him up. He broke Elijah's chain and they began to kill the soldiers employed by Wes. Mikael freed the hostages. "Boys, are you okay? Alaric, Damon, wake up!" Klaus said after the Augustines were either dead or ran off.  "Dad, is that you?" Jeremy gasped.  "Yes, Son. We're here to take you home? Just rest," Klaus said.  Mikael said, "There's a hidden tunnel. That's how they were getting in. Where is the Gilbert device?"  Elijah said, "We gave it to Father Kieran, but I got it back yesterday. They never needed it. We thought the purpose was to identify supernaturals, not kill us all. We have it in a safe location. Bonnie, perhaps you will do the honor of deactivating it?"  "Yes, of course. Did they really think that they would get away with it?" Bonnie asked.  "These Augustines are a deeper threat than even the Strix realized. We've had this undercover operation going for decades. I need to follow them. The more we can capture, the more leads we can get. But Wes here will be a great start to bringing down this organization. Sorry for all the subterfuge, but I really had been planning to use myself as a bomb. Then, I found out about John here and thought that I should wait," Mikael explained.  "What was the explosion we saw in the Bayou?" Elijah asked.  "Just some gasoline and a few other ingredients we used to burn some bodies they dumped. I need to go, please give my regards to Freya, Kol, and Rebekah. I don't know the next time I'll see any of you any time soon," Mikael said.  "Thank you, Father," Klaus said. "You're welcome," Mikael said going through the tunnel.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Jeremy and Elena stood over the body of Uncle John. "I'm sorry, Elena. He told me the story about how you ended up adopted.  I wish you didn't have to find out like that," Jeremy said.  "Jer, I don't care.  He was a terrible person. So full of hatred for vampires that he would rather die. Did you see Elijah try to heal him? He wouldn't take vampire blood, he'd rather die. I won't mourn him. He wasn't my dad, no matter the DNA," Elena professed.  "I know. What did vampires ever do to him? He hated something he knew nothing about. Sad, really. Hey, is everything all right with you? You've been so distant," Jeremy pressed.  "Everything is good. I've just been busy," Elena looked back and saw both Stefan and Damon waiting for her. "Better go, your boyfriends are waiting," Jeremy quipped.  "Yeah, see you around, Jer," Elena said, not even glancing at the body of her biological father a second time. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^A few hours later, the boys were all back home.  Elijah drove Alaric home and picked up their things and the dog.  "Are you sure you don't want some blood?" Elijah asked. Alaric might have had a concussion and was under the influence of a heavy sedative.  "No, thanks. I just need to sleep," Alaric said.  "I hope the boys weren't too much of a handful, before all this," Elijah said.  "They were perfect angels," Alaric said and then looked at Elijah. They both started laughing.  "Okay, we had a few rough patches, there may have been some bed jumping, a broken lamp, and a fist fight, but we got it all worked out. The older boys were a big help though, really," Alaric shared.  "A fist fight? I feel like I owe you more than a gift card for a dinner out. Anyway, thank you for watching them. I hope your head is feeling better," Elijah offered.  "Honestly, Finn started the fight because he was mad about Henrik jumping off the bed and breaking the lamp...something like that? He scratched Finn's face. Henrik pulled his hair, but I think more in self-defense. Finn was pretty defiant and I swatted him a few times, not hard, but just trying to get through to him to make up with his brother. He did, so not sure you need to rehash it with them, but Finn was pretty old of sorts," Alaric shared.  "I'm so sorry. I know you have your hands full with the twins. I'll speak to them.  I know I've probably overindulged them lately, but that is no excuse for them to act like barbarians. I owe you one, Ric," Elijah promised, embarrassed that his kids got a terrible report. There were only there one night. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionKol and Freya stayed with Penny, Connor, and Erik while Elijah went to investigate the scene at the Gilbert office. Freya was making tea. "Elijah called. All is well again. Father is alive and well. He's been undercover with the Augustines or something. He's hunting them down now," Kol informed her.  "Really?" she intoned surprised. Freya hadn't even had time to process his death, now he was alive again.  "How do Penny and Erik seem to be getting along?" Kol asked drinking from a blood bag.  "Sometimes I think better, she's been better. I wonder if she was always afraid the Guerreras would come for her. But Erik? I think he feels guilty for running off, you know?" Freya said stirring honey into her tea.  "No, luv. I never felt guilty when I ran away. I usually had plenty of company. It wasn't until my big brothers were dragging me home that I started getting repentant," Kol admitted giving her a look.  "What? You think he deserves..., Kol, he's a sweet boy," Freya reasoned.  "Aye, sweet boy or no, he ran off into danger by himself. I got a right good thrashing every time I took off, hell, sometimes more than one.  Let me just say, I wouldn't want to be in his...boots this week," Kol cautioned.  "Damn, will you help me make some salve tomorrow? I'm going to bed," Freya yawned.  "Of course, Sister. Night," Kol said finishing his blood bag. 
  
    Chapter Text
    “Everything is hard before it is easy.”                             – GoetheMystic Falls, Virginia Friday, December 31, 2010New Year's EveEveryone slept in late on Friday morning, except Elijah and Klaus.  Elijah had to deal with some international money transfers and real estate issues. He also wanted to pay some bills and get some laundry started.  "What in the devil?" he gasped aloud in his empty office. His credit card bill from Christmas had finally come in. Rebekah had charged half of those iPads to his account? He was livid. They hadn't even opened some of the boxes yet.  Elijah was thinking of regifting his iPad to Ric and maybe giving him a sizable gift card to a winery for taking in the kids. He still winced to think of them fighting and jumping on the beds.  "Brother, why the angry face? It's 7:30 am!" Klaus asked coming into Elijah's study.  Elijah rammed the credit card bill into Klaus' hand without a word.  "Oh, I see. That is a sizable sum. But it's just money. Let's not get our knickers into a twist about it, hmm. We've had a hell of a week. The children are safe. Our siblings are alive. Relax," Klaus advised.  Elijah took a deep breath, it was nice to have Niklaus be the voice of reason these days. Had love and family finally tamed the Hybrid?  "I agree that you are right, about everyone being well. I will have a chat with our beautiful little sister when she returns home. Plus, I worry all these elaborate gifts are spoiling the children. Finn and Henrik actually got into a scratching, hair pulling brawl at Ric's!" Elijah admitted.  "Elijah, they are children. Isn't it normal for them to fight like that? Hell, we were hundreds of years older and we got into much worse fights, have we not?" Klaus argued.  "I wish I knew if it was normal. They also broke another lamp with the bed jumping!" Elijah added coyly. "In that case, a good spanking is in order. You know, Brother, I really loved that lamp they broke. When you touched the base, it went off and on. It was like magic. Plus, it had a dimmer switch and...," Klaus stopped when he saw Elijah's face. Klaus tried not to smile.  "Are you serious right now?" Elijah pressed.  "I love those boys, too, but it's just not like you to be so lenient. They are taking advantage of you. You might not know this, but there have been times I've been afraid to cross you. We have all watched our step around you more than you may realize. Now Finn and Henrik have become more defiant in front of you than any of your own siblings would dare behave, save our lovely sister, who I'm sure will regret her splurge soon.  I only say this out of concern," Klaus faltered.  "You? Afraid to cross me? I'm not sure about that Niklaus, but I do take your point. I will find a middle ground with them before they burn this whole place to the ground. And I promise you, I'll replace your lamp. I truly did not know it's 'magical' properties. Are you still having Camille over today?" Elijah continued.  "Yes, but I do feel like I need to have a long 'talk' with Erik. After what he did, I thought about letting that go, but I sense he feels guilty and unsure of his place here. He persists on calling me 'sir', I mean, maybe that's better than Penny calling me 'Klaus' but still...," Klaus rambled.  "Are you afraid Cami will disagree with how you handle Erik? It's a delicate situation. I know how tender hearted Vanessa is when it comes to the children, though I haven't mentioned any of their behavior at Ric's to her yet...she may change her mind when she hears about them drawing blood from each other," Elijah concluded.  "Perhaps. As to Camille, I think she'll probably say Erik needs therapy or some modern consequence. How could I restrict him to him room and isolate him more? Or take away the few things he has? I can't. But at the same time, I've barely spent any time with her and she's been off this week," Klaus muttered.  "Brother, I'm sure she will understand that you sometimes need to put the children first. This is not a typical situation. Until we get the green light that everything is clear from Father with the Augustines, we should  keep everyone in tonight. I know it's a holiday, but maybe they could invite their friends over if they need to," Elijah suggested.  "Yes, we should. I don't want to scare them, but just until we hear back, we should be cautious. Another thing, we haven't really talked about Caroline and Tyler. He said she wants to keep the babies. I'm not sure how I feel about this, but I told him I would support whatever they decide," Klaus reported.  "There's always the guest house, too. We could get them a nanny? I mean, we don't have a great track record for live-ins, but they are going to need a lot of help. Or, we could turn the game room on the 3rd flood into quarters for them?" Elijah mentioned.  "That's an idea. I had thought for a moment that perhaps Marcel and Rebekah could adopt their twins..." Klaus said softly.  "Really? I can't see Caroline, or even Tyler doing that. Do our sister and Marcel really want a child that badly?" Elijah wondered.  "I feel like they always have. But this was not to be, I suppose, I think I hear the boys up," Klaus said.  "Time to make breakfast," Elijah smiled.  "Brother, I feel petty bringing up the lamp. Please forget it. We can replace objects, let the children be children. They meant no harm," Klaus said softening.  "It is so short of a time, childhood. There is a part of me that only wants to instill happy memories, not like what we went through, Brother," Elijah expressed.  "I'm not sure it works like that, but it's a nice sentiment," Klaus said putting his arm on Elijah's shoulder a moment.  They went out into the kitchen to find Freya pouring orange juice for Finn and Henrik, who were fighting over who would open the sliding glass door for Sadie. Freya yelled for them to stop it, but they ignored her. "Move! It's my turn," Henrik roared. "Stop it, Henrik, you idiot," Finn retorted.  "Guys, hey, come on, it's just a door. Let me help," Elijah said. "He pushed me!" Henrik groaned.  "Boys, settle down. There, she's out. Come on, let's sit at the table," Elijah said herding them to the table.  Klaus went over to Freya, "Sister, please sit. Allow me to do this, for once."  "If you insist, Niklaus," Freya smiled as she sat down with Elijah and the boys.  Elijah reminded Finn, "No name calling, tell Henrik you're sorry." Finn grumbled, "Sorry."  "So how were the twins? Did you get to hold them?" Freya asked.  "Yes! I got to hold them! Grayson threw up twice," Henrik announced proudly.  Elijah chuckled, "I hope not on you." Finn scowled,"They were boring and they cry all the time. It's too loud there. I don't like it."  "I'm sorry that you had to stay there on such short notice, but we needed to go help in New Orleans for a little bit. I hope that doesn't happen again," Elijah reassured them.  "You're not the only one. But guys, now everything is all good. Tonight is New Year's Eve. Party time. Vanesa went to the store to pick up some groceries and party supplies, like some noisemakers and stuff like that. Hats? Is that a New Year's thing?" Freya wondered.  "Not sure about the hats, but champagnes, noisemakers are a yes. Tomorrow it will be a new year, 2011. That's pretty exciting," Elijah stated.  "A year with less enemies and more friends perhaps?" Klaus mused.  "Uncle Klaus, why do we have so many enemies?" Finn asked.  "That might be my fault.  In the past, I should have controlled my temper better," Klaus answered, "or left less witnesses." "Niklaus!" Freya scolded laughing.  "No, he's come a long way, believe me," Elijah said with authority.  "Do you want to eat this or wear this, Brother?" Klaus said dishing out eggs with a mischievous smile.  "In front of the children, really?" Freya proclaimed.  "I'm not eating those," Finn griped looking at the eggs.  "He doesn't eat eggs," Elijah said to Klaus.  "I'm getting your cereal, boys," Freya said getting up. She let the dog back in. Elijah thought his talk with his sons could wait.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Cami came over later in the morning. "Finally," Klaus groaned,"you're here."  "Hey, I've been here, you're the one who took off to New Orleans," Cami protested as he picked her up and spun her.  "Yes, we had a crisis. Did you talk to your uncle or brother?" Klaus asked.  "I did. They said they lost a lot of good people, but the bad guys were taken out, right?" Cami pressed.  "Yes, pretty much. We couldn't have done it without Father K. and our father, out of all people. I could tell you the whole story, but you wouldn't believe it," Klaus admitted.  "Oh my, what happened to the stairs? Was the battle here?" Cami exclaimed.  "Ah, well, Connor and Tyler got in a fight. Elijah's going to have them help him fix it today. See some natural consequences in action?" Klaus shared.  "Nice, but it looked like a bad fight," Cami said inspecting the size of the hole in the drywall near the stairs and the broken railing.  "They are two hybrid teenagers so it actually could have been a lot worse. Come in, let's put your things away. Have you eaten?" Klaus asked ushering Cami in.  "Dad! Penny is calling you," Jeremy called down the stair.  "Excuse me. I'll take your bag up and be right back. Why don't you get some wine. It's a holiday, right?" Klaus asked kissing her on the cheek.  Klaus walked past the damaged wall and railing and entered the second floor. The boys were all in Tyler, Connor, and Erik's room playing video games and blasting music. The room was in disarray and there were suitcases and piles of clothes on the floor.  "Morning, boys. I hope you weren't up all night," Klaus called in the room.  "We just got up," Tyler said tiredly.  "Go down and eat. I'm not even going to comment on this room right now. Penny, luv, I'm coming," Klaus said as she called again.  "KLAUS!" she hollered from her quarters.  "What is it, luv? There is no need to shout like this," Klaus said coming in.  "My tv won't work!" Penny huffed.  Klaus took the remote and took at look. She had something on the wrong setting. One of the older boys could have easily fixed it for her.  "Sweetheart, Camille just got here. How about some breakfast and we'll get this house cleaned up? Freya and Vanessa want to have a little party tonight," Klaus said reaching out to touch her arm gently.  "Why?" Penny asked sourly.  "It's New Year's Eve, luv. Remember, we talked about that on the plane? It's a holiday," Klaus reminded her.  "Oh," Penny replied gruffly. She was still in her pajamas and her hair was in disarray.  "Come now, brush your hair and let's get you something to eat. Everyone pretty much slept in today, but Freya made pancakes and left them in the kitchen," Klaus coaxed. Penny made no attempt to move, Klaus got her brush and tried to straighten out her hair a little better.  "There. Now want to tell me what's bothering you?" Klaus asked quietly.  "Why didn't Davina come back?" Penny asked.  "She will, sweetheart. They need to wrap some things up in New Orleans and she started school there. It may be a few more weeks. Why?" Klaus asked with concern.  "The boys all hate me," Penny admitted. She looked at Klaus directly with her blue eyes clouded with pain.  "Why do you think that?" Klaus asked softly.  Penny shrugged.  "Sweetheart, it's hard because they are different ages and have different interests than you. But I know Connor has tried very hard to talk to you and sometimes you aren't very nice to the boys, are you?" Klaus attested.  "I guess not," Penny admitted.  "I know you were angry with Erik for leaving. But he's back now. And all the threats you were worried about are now gone. No one is going to take you away from us, do you understand. Davina will be here again soon. Camille is here now, let's go down and see her now. She's going to think that you ate me up!" Klaus joked.  Penny laughed at that.  "There's a smile. I knew one was hiding. Actually, I had an idea. We can go talk to Erik now a moment? Hmm?" Klaus prompted.  Penny agreed.  Klaus and Penny went to the boys' room.  "Erik, can we speak to you a moment," Klaus said from the hallway.  To the boys in the room, Klaus warned, "Gentleman, I'm giving you an hour or so, then, start cleaning up. The laundry needs to be downstairs and unpack. I hate to tell you but this holiday break is almost over." Erik came out, pushing his hair behind his ear.  "It's good to see you home, Son. Happy to be back?" Klaus smiled.  "Yes, sir. I am. Hi Penny, y'all just get up, too?" Erik asked.  "Yes, I did. Why did you leave?" Penny confronted suddenly.  Erik looked at her in surprised, he replied, "It was a real stupid thing to do. I should have stayed back here. It was a mistake. I ain't gonna do it again."  Penny nodded, "Okay. I'm going to get pancakes." She headed off by herself.  Klaus said, "Do you mean that, Erik?"  Erik flushed, "Yes, sir. I do.""We'll talk about it more tonight. I know it's New Year's, but I don't want this hanging over your head. Come here," Klaus said hugging Erik tightly.  "Go on, play your games. Spend time with your brothers," Klaus said letting him go. Klaus went downstairs to find Camille. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Vanessa came home shortly after and began to put away the groceries and parties supplies. Elijah and the boys helped until Finn's behavior came to a head.  "It's mine, Henrik!" Finn screamed yanking one of the party decorations out of Henrik's hands.  "I was just looking at it!" Henrik began to sob. Vanessa put down the bag she was looking through. "Finn, that's for tonight. Let him look at it," Vanessa said sharply. "Shut up, dumbass!" Finn said to Henrik throwing the decoration at him.Elijah and Vanessa stared in shock a minute.  "You know better than to talk like that. I think it's time for that talk in my study," Elijah said firmly taking Finn by the hand.  Kol told Henrik he would watch one of Henrik's favorite animated movies with him. He stopped crying and watched as Finn threw another fit on the way to the study.  "Stop pulling on me, Daddy. Stooopppp, no!" Finn cried. Elijah didn't respond and kept walking. When they got to the study, he got him in the room and shut the door.  "I can tell that you are angry right now.  But I don't want to hear anymore of the name calling or you telling people to shut up. That is not nice and I will not put up with it," Elijah said sitting on the leather couch. He stood Finn in front of him so he could look him in the eye. "Anything you want to say for yourself?" Elijah prompted sternly.  "He's so stupid!" Finn spat out.  "Okay, I think you think a few minutes to think before we have our talk. I'm not sure what is going on or what you are acting like this, but it stops now. Come on," Elijah said in a low voice. Elijah moved a small stool into the corner and indicated that Finn should sit on it facing the wall. "Wait! I don't want to-," Finn started complaining. Elijah smacked him hard on the seat of his pants. Whack! Whack! Whack! The smacks stung and Finn changed his mind about arguing for the moment.  "Okay, okay!" Finn sobbed going to sit on the stool.  Elijah shut his eyes, he really didn't want to be doing this, but some turmoil was raging inside Finn.  "Finn, I want you to sit here and think about how it makes your little brother feel when you are so mean and talk to him that way. I am very disappointed right now," Elijah admitted.  The last bit might have been over the top, but Elijah's heart broke for Henrik. Finn's sharp tongue was always directed at him. Maybe it was time for separate bedrooms or more time apart. Elijah saw Finn sobbing into his hands. He got out his handkerchief and handed it to him.  "Here, Son, blow your nose," Elijah said. He rubbed his back a moment and murmured for him to let it all out.  When the crying died down, Elijah asked, "Are you ready to talk now?" "Y-Yes," Finn whimpered. "Okay, let's try this again," Elijah said leading him back over to the couch. This time Elijah just pulled him onto his lap.  "Finn, I love you, but I really don't like how you have been acting towards your brother and in general. Do you know why?" Elijah asked.  "I was bad at Ric's house and I told Henrik to shut up," Finn admitted.  "Do you need a break from Henrik? You cannot continue to treat him like this. What if someone else beat him up like you did at Ric's? Would you like that? He's your little brother, you're supposed to protect him," Elijah said.  "He makes me mad sometimes. He does things and doesn't get in trouble. Then, I do something and everyone yells at me," Finn started sobbing.  "Finn, who yells at you? I know all the adults in this house are very patient. Just because someone is correcting you, that doesn't mean they are yelling okay?" Elijah said softly.  Finn said, "Okay. Sometimes he does stupid things and I tell him not to and he doesn't listen."  "Son, you can really only control your own behavior in the end. If Henrik is doing something dangerous or hurtful, you need to get an adult. I am starting to think that you two may need to spend some time apart. Do you think that would help?" Elijah suggested.  "Maybe," Finn replied.  "But your attitude, the arguing, the rudeness, the kind of language I heard today is going to get you a spanking," Elijah informed him.  "No! Ric just spanked me," Finn argued.  "Ric said he smacked you a few times because you refused to make up with your brother after you attacked him. Is that true?" Elijah asked.  "Yes, but...," Finn continued.  "Not buts about it, from now on, you tell someone to shut up or curse at them, or are rude, guess what? You're getting spanked. And after I am done punishing you today, you are going to give Henrik a very sincere apology. Do you understand?" Elijah asked.  Finn nodded sadly, tears streaming down his face. Elijah hugged him a moment and then stood him up and stood up himself. He went to his desk and got the study wooden ruler.  To Finn, it looked kind of flimsy and unimpressive.  Elijah sat back on the couch and quickly flipped Finn over his lap. He began to smack the seat of his pants with the flat of his hand all over. He swatted for a minute and then stood Finn back up. Finn's hand's automatically went to his behind. It didn't hurt badly, but was stinging a little and feeling warm. Elijah pulled his hands to his side. "Why are you getting a spanking right now?" Elijah asked.  "For saying 'shut up' and not listening. Sorry, Daddy. Please, no more," Finn begged starting to twist out of Elijah's hold. Elijah turned him to deliver a few more swats to his behind which had him dancing out of the way, but Elijah held him firmly. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! "Do you need to settle down in the corner?" Elijah threatened.  "No!" Finn answered quickly.  "Then, stand still. I want to see the polite, kind, caring boy we know from now on. Because I'm warning you, if I have to spank again for this same thing, it's going to be much worse. Do you understand?" Elijah warned.  "Yes, Daddy," Finn said. He was getting nervous about what was going to happen next.  "These pants are coming down," Elijah said undoing his buttons and yanking down his pants to his knees.  Elijah tugged him back over his knee and rested the heavy ruler against his behind. He tapped it over both cheeks a few times before bringing it down with a snap. Crack! "Arggh!" Finn yelped in shock. He felt a line of fire land on his behind and he didn't like it one bit.  Crack! The second one landed lower and felt harder.  "Stop! Stop!" Finn thrashed trying to jerk himself away from the pain.  Crack! The third blow of the ruler landed below the crease of Finn's backside. He screeched a protest that went unheeded and kicked out his legs helplessly.  Crack!! Crack!! CRACK!! The last three landed on the center of his behind and caused Finn to yell and kick wildly.  Elijah pulled down Finn's underwear to check that he wasn't being too harsh. It was most pink, some red where the ruler had swatted, but not overly so.  He put the ruler to the side.  "This spanking is for misbehaving at Ric and Jenna's. When you are away from home, you are still expected to do as you are told and cooperate," Elijah said. He rubbed Finn's rear a bit to make sure he didn't have any welts. He seemed fine in that regard. Elijah rested his hand on Finn's bare cheeks preparing to give him a few more smacks. Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! "Okay, all done, now back in the corner for five minutes. I should wash out your mouth with soap for cursing, but I think sitting on a sore rear will remind you not to do it again," Elijah added. He left Finn's pants and underwear down and sat him on the stool facing the wall again.  "Sit and do not squirm," Elijah ordered.  Finn was miserable. His backside stung especially where the ruler had cracked down on his sit spots.  Finn felt a throbbing there that didn't seem like it would ever go away and sitting was the worst thing for it. He did try to shift his weight to the right, then left and then back again. Finn cried until there was little left to cry and it was time to come out. "Let me wipe your face again, Son," Elijah said, this time using tissues.  He led him back to the couch and sat lifting him to his lap carefully. "Do you learn your lesson?" Elijah questioned.  "Yes, I'm sorry," Finn said hiccuping. "It's all forgiven with me, but you have to talk to your brother," Elijah admitted.  "I know you don't see it, but he looks up to. That's why he follows you and tried to do things you do. But I mean it, Finn, you don't have to be with him all of the time," Elijah conveyed.  "It's okay. I'll be nicer," Finn promised.  "Good, because if not...," Elijah picked up the ruler and brandished it. "No," Finn said burying his head in Elijah's chest.  "Son, you've had plenty of warnings and you didn't listen. This spanking was the last resort, so that means you are out of warnings and we go right to the ruler on your behind next time," Elijah cautioned. Elijah held him and talked to him in a low voice on the couch.  "I'm going to pull up your pants and then we'll find your brother.  You can have some time alone, though, if you want. That should not be a problem in a house of this size," Elijah said gently pulling up his underwear and pants.  Finn still felt a sting and mild heat, but the effects of the punishment were not lingering long. Elijah looked Finn over one last time and fixed his hair. He felt a flash of guilt, but it faded a moment later when they found Henrik. He was in the great room playing with Legos with Kol, Penny was sitting on the couch. "Henrik, sorry about calling you a bad word, and telling you to s-shut up," Finn said haltingly. "Finn! Want to do Legos with us," Henrik asked in excitement. "Sure," Finn said looking back at Elijah.  "Go on, Son," Elijah said.  "Thanks for entertaining Henrik, Brother," Elijah said to Kol.  "No problem. We had fun. You okay?" Kol said casually.  "As long as they're okay, I'm okay," Elijah said candidly. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, Virginia Friday, December 31, 2010New Year's Eve DayAfternoon"So I heard it's been quite the few days around here, huh? I'm glad everyone's okay," Cami said to Vanessa and Freya in the kitchen.  "It was unreal. Luckily, the kids all seem unaffected, but Cami, if you don't mind, can you keep an eye on them. Especially Penny, she didn't fight in the battle, but her hybrid nature was triggered by whatever the Guerreras did to her," Freya asked as she was cutting a block of Gruyère. "Of course, I told Klaus that I'd talk to all of them, but he seems to think they are all fine. I'm not sure judging by the size of that hole in the wall by the stairs," Cami joked.  Vanessa laughed, "Oh that was before we left. Elijah went to get the materials to fix it. The boys are supposed to help him.  God, I hope they don't do that at school next week." "Don't worry. I don't think that will happen again," Freya intoned remembering how Klaus how dealt with the boys not telling him what the fight was over.  "I don't know. Elijah said that Finn and Henrik drew blood in Ric and Jenna's bathroom yesterday! Cami, did you and your twin fight like that? I was an only child," Vanessa mentioned.  "There were times, yes, we did. But our parents didn't put up with much so we'd try to make it look like we were fooling around or joking. Believe me, though Sean is a priest now, he was no angel when we were kids. He used to do all kinds of pranks on me. He must have had a book of idea and like tried them all. Then, I'd retaliate and get in trouble," Cami recalled.  "We need to hear some of these pranks. Come on, Cami, spill!" Freya said looking around to make sure no one else was around.  "The messiest was when he slipped a overly ripe tomato down the back of my pants when I was sleeping and when I rolled over...," Cami laughed.  "Ewww, that is horrible. Come on, more," Vanessa pressed getting into this. She was cutting up vegetables. "The most annoying is when he would set a bunch of alarm clocks and watches for different times and they would go off. So not only was it the middle of the night and you couldn't find them, as soon as I'd get back to sleep, the next one would go off. Super irritating," Cami remembered.  "Elijah would hate that one," Vanessa giggled.  "Oh, he'd wear one of those Scream masks and stand over me in the middle of the night and then disappear. Baby power in my bed, it got everywhere.  Oh, he'd swap the salt and sugar and then switch it back so I'd be the only one to get the wrong one. He was pretty slick at times. The one time he did get in trouble was when he put food coloring in my toothpaste and I had blue teeth for days! Couldn't hide that one," Cami revealed.  "Are you sure Sean is really a priest now?" Freya asked. "Pretty sure. Oh, he glued a fake mustache on me before school picture day. I kicked him in the ah, family jewels pretty hard as revenge so I ended up saying I got a rash. Needless to say, didn't pass out that year's picture to many relatives," Cami admitted.  Freya squinted, "The guys around here better watch themselves and not take us for granted. These could work on vamps, some of them anyway."  Cami held her hands up, "Keep me out of it. My days of a prankster are over. And Sean did finally tell my parents it was him and they still didn't believe him. 'Oh Sean, you would never do anything like that.' He literally admitted it!" Cami laughed and shook her head.  "Admitted what, luv?" Klaus said coming into the room. "Oh nothing! What were you up to?" Cami said smiling.  "Just trying to get everywhere in gear today, fixing tvs, and putting down minor skirmishes. Would you like to take a walk outside?" Klaus said.  "I would love to," Cami replied to Klaus.  "Thanks, Cami," Freya laughed again. "Ladies, it has been a pleasure," she retorted.  "Shall I ask?" Klaus wondered.  "You can ask, but we won't tell. No, it wasn't sex talk, just your mind out of the gutter," Cami said punching him on the arm.  "I didn't say a word, Camille," Klaus said innocently.  "Okay, I'll let you off the hook. I know you had a kind of crazy few days with your battles and kidnappings.  Do you think it's over?" Cami asked with concern.  "Luv, our enemies never rest. There will always be more battles. I will tell you, though, seeing my own hybrid children fight was new for me. Fighting with my siblings, I never had to worry because unless someone had a white oak stake, they were fine. With Marcellus, it was different, he could be staked or his heart could be ripped out, but the hybrids fought with a savagery that I've only seen in myself. Is it wrong to admit, it made me proud?" Klaus said staring at the tree line.  "No, Klaus, it's not wrong. Your family is stronger now. I know my uncle was worried that even all the factions were outmatched. You must fight fire with fire, right?" Cami concluded.  "Yes, indeed. But enough talk of war. Did you give anymore though to moving in? Just say the word," Klaus remarked.   "Yes, my lease is up in a month or so. How about then? I still feel like I need to get to know your kids better. I don't want them to see me as some wicked step mother," Cami bantered. "No one could ever see you as wicked. Well, our lovely Penelope sees the world as a bit wicked. She's fed up being the only girl and she thinks the boys hate her. Truthfully, they are probably afraid of her and her wicked tongue," Klaus ruminated.  "It's a defense mechanism, Klaus. She's afraid to let people get close, so she pushes them away. It's hard to trust when you've never been in a safe environment. She's going to keep testing you and making sure that you don't leave her. Be patient, but don't let her abuse the others. I love that you are painting with her, that could be the best therapy. She is spending time with you and expressing herself," Cami said holding his hand.  "What would I do without your wisdom? You, and my siblings. Freya even tries to sleep in her room. She has been able to pick memories out of Freya's mind from hundreds of years ago. We don't really know what all that is about or if Penny is a witch or psychic," Klaus said bringing Cami's hand to his lips to kiss.  "Really, now that's out of my area of expertise, but interesting. Klaus, your family has a dynamic that no other family on earth has, yet you all make it work. It's refreshing to see," Cami smiled.  "My empress, oh Cami, we've put each other through hell, my family. I could tell you a thousand times the monsters we used to be, the castles we burned after draining everyone and the victims we left behind, but I believe you would forgive us all that with your endless compassion. I can't forgive myself now, but for the sake of the children and you, I will try. Every day is a new experience that I see again through human eyes," Klaus marveled.  "You can't change the past. Don't forget that you never chose any of this, to be a wolf, to be a vampire, to be immortal. It was thrust upon you. If I went through the bloodlust and all the trauma you had, who could say I would do any differently. Klaus, the real gift I want from you this holiday season is for you to have some more compassion for yourself. Just a smidge, can you do that? Please, for me. I know how you suffer on the inside and hide it so well these days, but be kinder to yourself," Cami implored him.  "A smidge? I don't think I've ever said that word before, but if it will make you happy, I will try, luv. For you, for me, for the family. I love you, Camille," Klaus said stopping to kiss her in the middle of the yard.  Cami kissed him back and wished that this moment would never end. For a second, it was just them in the world. In the cool air on New Year's Eve day.   "Love will make you strong. It will make you the man that I know you want to be. And I will be your empress, if that is what you need me to be. I will stand along side you, until I cannot stand, after that, you can carry me. But I want to be with you until the day I die," Cami said somberly.  Klaus didn't want to think of her dying, but like Marcel, he did not want to thrust the immortal life on her. Her humanity was the most precious and delicate thing.  Someone let out Sadie and she ran to them.  "Hey girl! We should get back. I'm sorry to do this but I need to have a long overdue talk with Erik about him running away," Klaus advised.  "You mean talk with your hand on his backside, don't you?" Cami guessed.  "Yes, things could have gone a lot differently with him running away. I just can't let it go when it comes to their safety. Maybe it will clear the air between us too, I feel like he feels guilty around me. I don't know how to explain it. I'm sorry, luv, do you think I'm being cruel?" Klaus asked nervously.  "No, Klaus, of course not. The child did something very foolish and dangerous, and he is still a child, hybrid or no. You do what you need to do. Let me see if I can talk to Penny in the meantime. I love you and I'll be here for you, through it all, okay?" Cami said. She could tell Klaus was upset.  "Thank you," Klaus said. They walked back in a companionable silence holding hands. Cami went to find Penny and Klaus went to find Erik.  The boys were still playing video games in Tyler, Connor, and Erik's room. "I see you picked up two sweatshirts. Turn off the game now and get the rest of this stuff down to the laundry now please. I'm giving all of you a strike and if I hear one word of complaint, that will be another one.  Game off," Klaus repeated sternly.  "Dad, we already cleaned our room," Jeremy maintained still playing the game.  "Shall I check now? Because I will check your bathroom, too," Klaus added.  Jeremy huffed and shut off the Playstation.  "Going now," Jeremy growled.  "Hey, you guys all have school in a few days again. Let's get it back together. These boxes can go in the garage, if you don't need them. Erik, come with me, please," Klaus said firmly.  "Don't remind us," Tyler grumbled.  "Tyler, you haven't been to school in months. You'll be fine. We'll put blood in thermos for you. You've been keeping up with the tutors right?" Klaus asked as Erik got up and stood beside Klaus.  "Yeah, of course. It's just going to be a lot different. I don't know, I guess I'm just kind of nervous about it," Tyler admitted.  "Connor, how about you? Are you happy to go back?" Klaus asked evenly.  "I guess I'm just worried about my temper, more than anything. You know, if kids make fun of me, I don't wanna vamp out," Connor confessed.  "I see. Maybe you can talk to Stefan about what he does in those situations during school. There are going to be bumps in the road, I know. But guys, I think it is important that you get back to normal life as much as possible. And right now, that means cleaning your room and getting your clothes washed. By the way, did Uncle Elijah talk to you about tonight?" Klaus asked suddenly. "Yes, sir," Erik said, "We oughta stay in, but folks can come over if they need to."  "Correct. We'll have a little party here. You can have some champagne or beer, as long as you drink it here, okay?" Klaus promised.  Matt smiled, "Thanks, Dad.""I'd rather have you guys all here than out with drunk drivers on the roads. I trust you," Klaus said.  "Dad, Uncle Elijah also wants us to help him fix the wall, so I don't know if I have time to clean," Tyler said.  "Tyler, you had hours to clean. Come on, Son, don't make me give you another strike for not doing your chores," Klaus pleaded.  "Fine, I'll do it," Tyler moaned.  "And I'm giving you another reminder about your language, especially around the younger boys. Finn got into a touch of trouble this morning for cursing at Henrik. I sincerely hope he didn't hear that kind of talk from any of you because if it continues, there are going to be consequences," Klaus threatened.  "Dad, you know they were not good for Uncle Ric at all. They broke a lamp and got into a fight before we got kidnapped by...John," Jeremy had to bite his lip to avoid calling John a fuckhead, but it was true.  "Oh, they even woke up the twins two or three times with the bed jumping and crap like that, I'm telling you, Jer and I were embarrassed," Matt added. Klaus winced, "Elijah talked with Finn this morning, I don't know about Henrik. But I am very proud of the two of you for how you handled yourselves with the boys. Actually, I'm extremely proud of all of you, for how you fought for this family and with this family. I should say that more."  "Thanks, Dad," Tyler said piling boxes up to throw out.  "I love you all. Now clean up this sty," Klaus smiled. "Come, Erik."Klaus started walking to his quarters.  Klaus put his arm around him, "It's going to be okay. I hate to see you look so miserable. But that is how I felt when I didn't know where you were and you wouldn't come home, I suppose."  "You said I was gonna get it worse the last time you licked me, is all," Erik almost whispered.  "Come on, in now," Klaus said ushering him in the room.  "Let's talk over here on the couch," Klaus said.  "Like how much worse is worse," Erik whispered.  "Sweetheart, I am going to use the salve on you. It stops you from fast healing. But that shortens your spanking. Think about it, when you heal constantly, it almost means that you can take a very long session of discipline. With the salve, you are almost, but not quite, back in a human state of healing. I would never want to be too severe with any of you. Yes, the spanking is going to hurt, but only enough to make sure you learn your lesson and get through your guilt, then it's over," Klaus promised. "Guilt?" Erik asked in confusion.  "I know you know what guilt is, do you think you feel it for leaving?" Klaus asked.  "I guess I do feel real bad that folks were worried and y'all had to come down and get me. I mean, I know it turned out okay, but what if it didn't. Would that have been my fault?" Erik wondered.  "See? That's the type of thing we are going to clear up.  Like a very wise woman told me 'The past is the past', you have to let it go and move on. Are you planning on running away again? Finding more dangers to run into by yourself?" Klaus prompted.  "No, sir," Erik smiled, "Of course not."  "Erik, you know I'm legally your father now. I adopted you, I'm not just your guardian. You don't have to call me sir, unless you want to," Klaus informed him gently.  "I don't deserve to be your son, not after all I done," Erik revealed.  "That's more of the guilt that we are going to spank out of you," Klaus said standing.  Erik though he could do this, the first spanking he got from Klaus was a shock and he didn't know what was going to happen. This time he could feel himself panicking and wanting to run out of the room, he started backing up as he watched Klaus go dragged a straight back chair next the bed. There was already a few towel there and a glass bottle, he assumed was the infamous salve.  Any other time someone had punished Erik, he had been grabbed and quickly whaled on before he knew what was happening. This was difference and more terrifying to him.  He couldn't just stand here and cooperate with getting his butt beat, could he?  Erik was still wearing his plaid sleep pants with a navy t-shirt over them. Klaus indicated that he should come near him, Erik considered vamping out of the room, but running away was what got him here in the first place. He had to trust that this wouldn't be that bad. The first spanking that he got for going over three strikes and screaming at his brother had hurt a little, so maybe this one wouldn't be that much worse.Klaus arranged the straight backed chair so he could rest his foot on the bed frame and reach the side table if needed.  "Erik, come here," Klaus demanded.  Erik came just close enough for Klaus to slip down the back of his pants and underwear only in the back. He grabbed the glass bottle and began to smooth the ointment on Erik's skin with a cloth. It felt cool and light. His face flushed at having his pants pulled down, but at least it was only in the back. Erik pushed both sides of his hair back behind his ears in an effort to keep his hands off his rear. He had wanted to ask Tyler what the worse version of a spanking was going to be like, but he was too embarrassed. He didn't even consider asking Connor as he wasn't sure if Connor would even know.  "It may start to tingle a little, but you don't want to touch it with your hands because they is some vervain and wolfsbane in it and it could burn your hands, okay? I want you to keep your hands on the floor," Klaus said.  By habit, Erik responded, "Yes, sir."  Klaus pulled Erik's pants and underwear back up and held him a minute between his knees.  "I'm going to start with my hand as a warm up for the paddle. I did tell you that if got another spanking, it was going to be different," Klaus opened his bedside table and took the heavier round paddle out of the drawer. "I'm scared. I ain't never been whupped like this," Erik said quietly. Erik had been smacked hard and fast, but always quickly and out of anger. He had learned that if they couldn't catch him, they couldn't punish him. "I know. This is heavier than the paddle in the kitchen drawer. It's going to smart on your bare bottom, but I think you will think twice before you disobey me again. It might sting a little tonight at the party, but you should be fine by bedtime once the salve wears off," Klaus assured him.  "I learned my lesson. I won't leave again," Erik swore.  "I know, but you're still going over my knee. No more stalling," Klaus said pulling him over his lap. Erik found himself with his face almost near the carpet a moment and his hands on the rug until Klaus tugged him so his backside was upturned over his knee thigh. The chair was high enough so that Erik's legs did not touch the floor. Smack! Smack! Smack!Smack!Smack! The first five spanks were hard and aimed right for the center of Erik's bottom. Klaus' hand reached across both checks.  Erik heard the loud cracks and then felt the sting even over his pants and underwear and involuntarily began kicking his legs.  Then, Klaus began to swat the center of each cheek for another minute.  The sting built slowly and the salve prevented the supernatural healing from stopping it. Erik began to squirm. Klaus paused and patted his rear. "These pants are coming down," Klaus informed him pulling the flannels to his knees. Connor had on briefs, but the white cotton didn't seem like it would provide too much protection. Klaus began another round of random cracks, this time swatting Erik's bare thighs every time he tried to launch himself off Klaus lap. Klaus also pressed him flat using his left arm.  "You're not going anywhere until you get a sound paddling on your bare behind, Erik. Running away? So dangerous and naughty of you. I suggested to your big brother Marcel that he ought to give you a red bottom when he caught you in the Bayou. He refused, saying that you were a sweet boy and he couldn't do it, he saw himself in you, but then I heard from my sister," Klaus started, still spanking Erik firmly over his white cotton briefs. "She spanked me for for sassing her cause I didn't want to talk," Erik shouted. "Yes, she did. And do you know why?" Klaus pressed. "Because I was a-acting up," Erik yelped as a hard swat whacked his bare thigh. "No, because she loves you and wanted you to know that we care about you and will not let you harm yourself or behave in a matter beneath what you are capable of, if it takes more than one session over my lap to prove that, that is what we will do. Okay, take a break," Klaus said as Erik was really struggling. He had kicked his pants off and was really bucking over Klaus lap. There was no sign of tears yet.  "I'm going to give you another coating of salve. Erik, do you want to go to the restroom?" Klaus said. "Thank you," Erik agreed. He went to the bathroom now only wearing his navy t-shirt and his white briefs. He turned in the mirror and saw his completely red backside. It was stinging and burning all over evenly. He rubbed a moment over his briefs and realized he was just rubbing in the salve more.  He opened the bathroom door and came out. Erik knew the worst was yet to come, but he had earned it.  "Come here, Son. I love you. Almost over, but I'm not going easy on you," Klaus said firmly.  Erik let Klaus yank down his underwear to right below his backside and put him back over his knee. This time Klaus sat far back on the bed and let Erik's upper and lower body rest on the bed while his bare bottom was now over his right knee again. It was a much more comfortable position, yet it would be harder to stay in place as Erik could push himself up. Klaus slid his brief down to his knees to uncover more of his thighs. "Here we go with more salve. I want you to try to stay in place. If you are getting out of control, I'm going to have you sit on this chair in the corner until you can do better. That will not be pleasant," Klaus warned.  "I will try," Erik replied. Tears will forming now out of fear and frustration, he wanted this to be over. Yes, he screwed up, but he was trying to save his family and avenge his mother. Klaus handed him a pillow for his head to rest on.  Erik felt the hard smooth wood pat against his rear, he breathed in. Thwap! Erik heard it before he felt the paddle swat him. The paddle covered his whole backside at once.  Thwap! Before he could process the first whack, he got a second one.Thwap! The third swat caused him to try to raise up and get off Klaus lap. His behind felt like it was burning hotly all over at the same time.  "Owwww, okay, I get it," Erik wailed. He began to cry in the pillow. Thwap! Erik was pushed down flat again by Klaus' left arm.  Thwap! Erik didn't know how many more smacks of this paddle he could take. He was moving his hips from side to side in order to escape, but there was no escape. Thwap!  "Please, stop. I c-cccan't. H-Hurts," Erik balled.  Thwap!  "OWWWWW!" Erik couldn't talk but he was kicking and trying to throw his hands back for all it was worth.  Thwap!Thwap!Thwap! "Daddddy! D-Daddy, stop. I'm s-sorry I leftttt," Erik screamed through his heavy tears. The sobs and kicking continued after Klaus had stopped paddling.  Erik's backside was a bright red and had several white spots. It looked very sore. "No more, sweetheart. You're forgiven. Daddy is here," Klaus had put down the paddle and was rubbing Erik's back. He let Erik cry another few seconds and then pulled him up and slipped his briefs back on. "That's a very sore backside, but you have paid for your misbehavior. Now the slate is clear and we can get back to normal life. Well, as normal as it can be around here," Klaus admitted.  Klaus set Erik carefully on his lap with his bottom off his thigh. He hadn't swatted his thighs much so that was more comfortable for him to put weight on. Klaus inquired, "Are you alright? I know that was a lot, but when you put your life in danger, you can expect a hard paddling." "I won't do it again, Dad," Erik whimpered.  "Say that again," Klaus smiled.  "I won't do it again," Erik said.  Klaus laughed and playfully tapped him on the thigh, "Not that."  Erik smiled, "Ouch, Dad. Is that better?"  "Yes, it is," Klaus shared.  "Is everyone gonna know I got spanked?" Erik asked.  "Not unless you tell them or act like your butt is on fire when you sit down. But Erik, aside from your sister, every kid here has been where you were this afternoon. Probably some more than once, you don't have to feel ashamed," Klaus said patting his back.  "I want you to go to your room and rest now okay? You know that Camille is staying here overnight? If not, I'd have you take a nap in here, but I get the impression you don't want her seeing you right now," Klaus intoned. Erik was wiping his face with a towel and still in his briefs.  "Can I get dressed?" Erik asked. "Sure, and if any of the guys say anything, tell me and I'll swat them, too," Klaus teased.  "I should be more afraid of them smacking me on the butt or snapping me with a towel trying to be funny," Erik admitted.  "Again, warn them that I'm going to be coming through checking on that bedroom and paddling any slackers or jokesters," Klaus added.  "Okay," Erik smiled shyly as Klaus hugged him again standing up. Klaus kissed him on the top of the head. "Go, get in your bed. Right now, I'll wait you up," Klaus promised.  "Yes, si,I mean, -Dad, I promise," Erik smiled.  It would take time, but Klaus felt like things were coming together for his family. He hoped the other boys wouldn't give Erik a hard time and tease him.  Klaus wanted to spend the rest of the day getting ready for their little party tonight. But he needed to rest himself, he planned to find Cami and see if she wanted to take a nap with him.  It was their first New Year's as a family tonight and he wanted it to be a good one for everyone. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Should Old Acquaintance be forgot,and never thought upon?" -Robbie Burns Mystic Falls, Virginia Friday, December 31, 2010New Year's Eve DayAfternoon Erik walked back down to his room slowly. He dreaded going in there; he could hear his brothers carrying on from the hallway. Music was blaring as usual. The other guys were wound up today, in high spirits, and now he was supposed to take a nap? Erik didn't even think he took naps when he was a kid. His backside throbbed as he walked stiffly, but he thought he was appearing normal. They probably wouldn't even know he got spanked at all. "There he is! He survived," Tyler shouted, clapping.  Connor laughed and clapped, making a hooting sound. Jeremy throw a pillow at them, "Leave him alone."  Sadie ran up to him and licked his hand.  "Are you gonna show us the damage?" Matt laughed. Erik felt himself flush on the back of his neck, they all knew. Erik wanted to see the damage himself, but not in front of them.  Connor and Tyler looked at each other and nodded, they grabbed Erik suddenly. They eased down the back of his shorts. "Hey, don't. Come on, guys. I'm supposed to...," Erik started.  "What?" Jeremy asked.  "Take a nap," Erik said chuckling himself trying to twist around to see. Matt whistled seeing Erik's posterior, "Damn! Paddle, huh? He didn't go easy on you. Boy, you got taken to the woodshed."  Tyler and Connor let him go, cringing a little. There were no bruises, but they knew there didn't have be for it to hurt.  "Lemme see," Erik said, moving to the mirror above the dresser. His backside was red and shiny from the salve. He yanked his pants back up and hissed as the fabric scrapped past his stinging skin.  Tyler grabbed him in a bear hug and spun him around, "It's okay. We've all been there, buddy." Tyler lightly swatted him on the ass, Erik tried to dodge but failed.  "Stop, that hurts!" Erik whined as he laughed a little, "Plus, y'all best get this shit hole cleaned up quick cause Dad is coming down here to check. And I aim to be in the bed so if y'all done whaling on me here...Move outta my way."  "He's coming now?" Connor said in alarm. "In a little bit. He said it best be clean or he's gonna wallop y'all, too. Now leave me be, he told me to get in the bed and I ain't taking any chances," Erik said roughly.  "Matt, we better finish or we'll be next," Jeremy announced indicating their room.  "Glad you're back, bro," Matt said messing up Erik's hair.  "Thanks," Erik mumbled as Matt and Jeremy left.  Tyler went to take more clothes down to the laundry room.  Connor and Erik were alone with Sadie. It was awkward for a moment. Their family had never been very affectionate, but Connor grabbed Erik next. The heightened emotions that Connor felt as a vampire also made him feel tenderly towards his baby brother. He hugged him tightly. "Come here," Connor said with emotion. Erik was cried out, or so he thought. Connor was taller and Erik found himself crying on his shoulder. "It's all good, really," Erik assured him. "Yeah?" Connor said pulling back, "Okay, get in bed."  Erik got in his bed on the lowest bunk on his stomach and Connor covered him up. He smoothed his hair back.  "When you were gone, there was so much I wanted to say...-" Connor started.  "You don't have to say nothing. I know," Erik said softly. He had let it all go, the anger, the resentment, the blaming. "Oh, I do have to say one thing, y'all have to get this hair cut," Connor teased him.  "We'll see. You best get cleaning. I wasn't kidding about him coming down here checking," Erik restated.  "Dad?" Connor pressed.  "Yes, Dad," Erik answered closing his eyes. Connor sat a moment, feeling better that Erik was calling Klaus 'Dad' now. He guessed Penny was the last holdout.  By the time Tyler came back in, Erik was sleeping.  "Uncle Elijah wants us to go help with the stair now," Tyler whispered. "Okay, I'm coming," Erik replied.  "Did you talk?" Tyler asked.  Connor nodded and got a lump in his throat when he realized Tyler had left them alone on purpose to give them a minute. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^EveningThe guests started arriving around 7 pm. The Mikaelson's invited everyone who was at Christmas. Elijah had the party catered. He wasn't crazy about strangers coming in, but he figured with five hybrids, a witch, and two Originals, any enemy wouldn't stand a catch.  Vanessa was amazed that Elijah and the boys fixed the stairs so quickly. "Wow, how did you do that in one afternoon? Aside from where it needs painted, you can hardly tell," Vanessa gushed.  "Connor is mighty handy. Remember how Penny wanted a wood shop for some reason? I think Connor needs one, he really has a knack for it. Do you know if the high school has a Vocational-technical program?" Elijah inquired.  "Vo-tech? Yes, I believe they do. That's a great idea. I know he hates his academic classes. This might be a big help for him. Are the boys getting ready?" Vanessa asked looking up the stairs.  "Yes, they aren't happy about the clothes, but I told them they can stay up to midnight if they wear them," Elijah admitted.  "Elijah Mikaelson, look at you! Some stick, but also some carrot today. By the way, you look very dashing tonight in that new suit," Vanessa purred.  "Thank you, my dear. You look even more captivating than usual. Thank you for helping get this little party off the ground. Aside from being fairly vicious killers, the Mikaelsons are also know for giving great parties," Elijah confessed.  "Kol was a big help, too. Did I just see him take a keg upstairs?" Vanessa wondered.  "That's all Niklaus. He's letting the older boys drink as long as they stay here. They are setting up in the game room on the 3rd floor. Do not let me go up there. I'm sure I won't like what I find," Elijah begged.  "Oh, you'll be too busy down here entertaining. I'll go bring the boys down," Vanessa smiled.  "Dear, you are too good for me," Elijah said kissing her hand. Elijah's mind flashed back to the other women he had loved: Tatia and Katerina, the doppelgängers, and Celeste', the French Quarter witch. Vanessa seemed too good to be true. He thought about how angry he had been with Kol when he turned her and realized that he hadn't really checked in on his brother.  Elijah found Kol in the game room. "So Niklaus is really allowing this?" Elijah asked in horror. Kol was setting up the keg. There was a music system ready to go. The arcade games were blinking and the televisions were on sports channels.  "Elijah, honestly, if he doesn't, they will just find somewhere else to drink and party. The kids around here either drink openly at the Grill or party in the woods. Is that safe?" Kol asked.  "No, not at all. I suppose you are right, I just don't like it. I hope they are all staying here for the night then," Elijah pressed.  "If not, I'll drive them home. I have nothing else to do," Kol offered glumly.  "Brother, I'm sorry. I've been so wrapped up with the boys I haven't made time for us. Doing okay?" Elijah prompted.  Kol shrugged, "I guess. It's hard to see her in New Orleans. In our old house, in Bex's old room."Elijah asked, "Davina? Why? Why does that bother you?"  Kol stopped and threw himself down on the couch.  "When it was just us in the Compound, we were always together. You, Bex, Nik, me, and even Prince Marcellus. Here, it's different. Without Davina, I guess I sometimes feel like I'm going through the motions," Kol attested.  "Kol, I spent many years like that. When we lived in New Orleans, I was focused on all of you, probably too much. We were always together and very close, maybe too close. It's different here, you know we have grown to depend on you," Elijah insisted.  "I don't mind. It's just the danger of the past week got to me, Davina is mortal. She put herself in danger at the Bayou to defend the family. Elijah, if something happens to her again, I don't think I could survive," Kol declared.  "Kol, she's with Rebekah and Marcel. They will keep her safe. Actually, I see I just got a text...You better head downstairs, little Brother," Elijah smiled mysteriously. "What's going on?" Kol asked skeptically. "But Kol, you behave yourself. For better or worse, I will always be here to take of care of you and rein you in, if need be. And you know, you're never too old for me to take you in hand," Elijah warned, lightly holding Kol back with a hand to his chest.  "Yes, Elijah, I know," Kol said sounding like the teenager he would forever be to his older brothers.  "Good," Elijah noted letting him go. Elijah made a mental note to keep a closer eye on his little brother. He could sense that it might be time to sort him out soon. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^GarageKlaus threw his arms around Marcel, "About time! I thought you would be here hours ago!" He had stopped Marcel in the garage to have a word with him. Marcel griped, "Don't ask. It was a mother-daughter thing. I wasn't sure we would even make it." Klaus whispered, "Elijah is vexed about the iPad bill. Did you bring the bottle?"  Marcel produced, "A bottle of 1949 Domaine Leroy Richebourg Grand Cru for $6k. How is this going to pacify him?" "We'll tell him we can sell it for the money and then he will realize how silly he is being. We have a vast fortune and he acts like the 2008 housing crisis bankrupted us. It didn't," Klaus mused.  Marcel shook his head and let Klaus lead him into the kitchen.  Kol greeted Rebekah first and then Davina.  "What's wrong, Darling?" Kol whispered.  "Nothing. Happy New Year's eve," Davina replied.  "You are lying. Tell me who did it so I can rip their heart out through their throat," Kol growled.  "Stop! I got into a little fight with Rebekah, okay? I want to move back here and they want to wait until the school quarter is over. Like it matters," Davina scoffed.  "Luv, you can't get into trouble over us. Remember, you are supposed to be living a 'normal' life and all that," Kol cautioned.  "Normal. Kol, our family just got into a wolf war in the Bayou. I do have a friend now and he's a gay baby vamp. Like nothing about my life is normal. I don't want normal, I just want a night with my boyfriend. Is that a crime? So I heard the party is in the game room tonight, help me take my bags up and you can show me," Davina giggled. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^Kitchen"Cami, we have a little surprise for you," Marcel announced.  "Yes? Should I be afraid?" Cami said coming into the kitchen.  "Probably," said a familiar voice.  "Sean!!! Is this real? Sean, how did you get here?" Cami squealed.  Marcel laughed, "We tried to get Father K. to come. We took a private jet, but he was too busy, so we kidnapped Sean instead. We'll fly back tomorrow. Or maybe the next day!"  "Klaus, this is my twin, Sean. Sean, this is my fiancé, Klaus Mikaelson," Cami gushed happily.  "Nice to meet you," Sean said shaking hands with Klaus.  "You, too. Welcome," Klaus said putting his arm around Cami. He could see they both had the same blond hair color, blue-green eyes, and strong jaw line. Cami was 5'6", but Sean was taller. He wasn't wearing his priest clothes, just jeans and a jacket.  "Freya, meet my evil twin Sean, the one I was telling you about," Cami laughed.  "Hi Sean, we heard about some of the pranks you used to pull. I have to say I'm impressed," Freya said. She flipped her blond hair back and grinned at the handsome, young priest. Maybe it was time for her to find religion?  Sean blustered, "In my defense, that was twenty years ago. And my sister gave as got as she got. I bet she didn't tell you about how she sewed the fronts shut on all my underwear before summer camp or cable tied together every single item I owned right before I left for seminary." Freya now laughed, "Cami, you did not mention that. Sean, can I get you something to eat or drink?"  As Sean answered, Cami turned to Klaus, "Thank you so much! What a surprise. I haven't seen Sean in months.""Of course, luv. He seems to be hitting it off with Freya.  How'd your talk with Penny go?" Klaus asked.  Cami cringed, "Well, I wouldn't say it was a talk as she actually refused to speak to me. However, she didn't glare, so that is a plus." Klaus frowned, "I'm sorry. That's very rude. You are just trying to help her. Maybe we do need to set up a formal appointment with your coworker. I'm just not sure I can get her to go without physically carrying her there." Cami agreed, "Klaus, she is pretty strong-willed. And with her being a hybrid...I'm not sure she's ready for school."  "We might need to keep the tutor then. I'll talk to Elijah. But enough of this, it is a holiday. The guest should be arriving soon. I'm going to go get dressed, would you like to help me, ah, tie my tie," Klaus asked provocatively. "You're wearing a tie tonight?" Cami smirked.  "No," Klaus said.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Game RoomParty timeJeremy and Matt ended up inviting the girls that they had talked to the night they were kidnapped by Uncle John. They came to the house and brought a friend. The guys got the stereo working and someone brought up food and put it on a coffee table. Matt was playing pool with the friend, Dana. Caroline and Bonnie came without Elena, to no one's surprise.  "Let me guess, Elena is busy," Tyler mimicked.  "Tyler, don't be mean," Caroline scolded.  "Sorry, Care. It's just she's like married to the Salvatores. Both of them. It's weird," Tyler defended.  Bonnie gasped, "Your dad got us a keg?"  Matt smiled, "Yeah, I guess Caroline is your designated driver though."  Kol handed Bonnie a cup, "Here, luv." "Ah, thanks. Hey Davina! Are you back for good?" Bonnie asked.  "Nah, just tonight. I should be back next quarter though unless something happens," Davina explained.  "I hear you on that," Bonnie said drinking her beer.  Jeremy was in the corner with the two girls.  "Is Jeremy getting high already?" Davina asked Bonnie.  "Yep. Those girls are losers and tramps. Why are they here?" Bonnie demanded.  "Jeremy, can I talk to you a minute?" Bonnie asked sternly. "Ah sure, Bon. Is my sister coming?" Jeremy asked following her.  "What do you think?" Bonnie snapped. Jeremy looked hurt.  "I'm sorry, Jeremy. I didn't mean it like that. It's just she's my best friend, too. Hey, you aren't doing drugs over here with Heather and Jamie are you?" Bonnie questioned.  "No, I told them to put it away or leave. Honest, Bonnie," Jeremy promised.  "Good, because just because we aren't together doesn't mean I don't care about you," Bonnie said touching his forearm.  "Bonnie, I miss you. I know you were seeing that other guy, but it there any chance for us?" Jeremy pressed.  "It's a new year, Jeremy. Who knows? Want to play ping pong? Or beer pong?" Bonnie laughed taking another big gulp of her beer.  Across the room, Dana asked Matt, "Whose that kid who just came in?"  Matt looked, "Our little brother, Erik."  "Ah, he's cute. Is he single?" Dana purred.  "Dana, he's like 14. A little young for you," Matt rolled his eyes.  "So I'm a cougar. Sue me. What about that brother? Connor. He's cute too, but he looks, harder. Not as sweet," Dana giggled.  Matt rolled his eyes again, "I can try to hook you up with him. You like a guy with an accent? Like a country one."  "Who doesn't?" Dana said almost scratching the pool table.  "Um, Dana, do you even know how to play pool? You scratch this felt and my ass is grass. Come on, I'll introduce you to Connor," Matt said finally. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^First FloorBy midnight downstairs, Elijah had almost forgiven Rebekah for the credit card bill when Marcel gave him the $6000k bottle of wine from Klaus' wine cellar in the Compound. Rebekah had drank enough to almost forget about her fight with Davina.  Klaus and Cami were about to elope. Alaric and Jenna came at 9 pm after finding a neighbor couple to babysit. Freya and Sean were chatting and laughing on the couch. Elijah and Vanessa put on New Year's television and played a board game with the boys. Penny sat on the couch on her iPad and refused to play. Marcel and Rebekah were keeping everyone's drinks filled and trying to figure out when they should move back to Mystic Falls.  "Gentleman, how about you go to your beds and we will wake you up at midnight. I'm sorry, but I don't think you are going to make it," Elijah laughed.  "No! I want to stay up. Dad, you promised," Finn whined.  "You're right. I did. Can you at least put on your pajamas now?" Elijah asked tickling him and Henrik.  "Okay, okay, if you stop," Finn begged.  Elijah carried Finn on his shoulders and Henrik in his arms up the nearly repaired stairs.  Jenna was happy to see them having fun. "Elijah is so good with them. I'm afraid they had a rough time at our house. With the twins, all of our attention is on them. And this pumping and breast feeding is an around the clock job for me," Jenna groaned.  "I'm sorry they were such a handful. Elijah had a very serious talk with Finn, if you know what I mean. I guess he's going through a stage or something. It's funny, I never wanted kids now they are my whole life.  I know you are crazy busy, but you are glowing! You look beautiful," Vanessa attested.  "Ah, thanks, Vanessa.  I never thought I'd be here either. All I ever wanted was my doctorate and now I can't imagine finishing, just getting through the day is a victory. And now with Ric going back to school, it will be just me again," Jenna lamented.  "Hey, call me. Or bring the twins over. The boys are in school full time, I think Penny might be the only stay back. Now that she is easy to handle either, though," Vanessa confided.  "She's such a beautiful little girl, like Snow White or something. Is she jealous about Klaus and Cami?" Jenna pressed.  "I think so. It's hard to tell. One day at a time is how we take it with her," Vanessa concluded.  Penny glared from the other room. Did they not know she could hear them? Freya was ignoring her. Elijah had his boys and was coddling them as always. Klaus was with his woman. Kol was with Davina. Her brothers were with the kids and Penny...she was alone. Davina had barely said hi to her.  Penny threw down her iPad and went looking for the other kids. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Davina's 3rd Floor BedroomKol tried so hard to resist, but he failed.  "Did you lock the door?" Kol breathed.  Davina smiled and twisted her hand, "Done." He heard the click. God, he loved witches.  "Darling, we shouldn't," Kol swore.  "I know, we won't," Davina said straddling him.  "Davina, please. I may be an Original, but I am powerless against you," Kol confided.  "Happy New Year," Davina giggled and they stopped talking.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Penny found all the kids in the game room. The music was loud and the lights were low.  The teens were sitting in a circle playing some kind of a game where they were flipping glasses and tossing quarters.  Penny saw her brother Connor with some red haired girl almost on his lap. They were all laughing and loud.   No one noticed Penny. She found a red Solo cup and sniffed it. Beer? She took a sip and almost sip it out. It was foul tasting.  "Penny, what are you doing? Put that down!" Caroline demanded. Caroline had been resting on the chair. "I'm allowed in the game room," Penny sassed back. "Maybe. But are you allowed to drink beer?" Caroline asked with her hands on her hips.  "It's none of your business," Penny scowled.  "Penny, let me walk you downstairs. You shouldn't be up here," Caroline said talking her hand.  Penny squirmed out of her hand, "Let me go. I want to see where Davina is!" "Davina?" Caroline said also looking around. Where was Davina? "Ewww!" Penny hissed as she saw Connor making out with the red haired girl. Things were getting out of control up here and this was no place for a child.  "Come on, let's go find her!" Caroline said in her fake cheerful voice.  Penny followed Caroline out into the hallway where it was much quieter. She noticed Davina's room was now shut and ran to it to find it locked.  "Let's go to your room and you can show me your art work, okay? Or we can go downstairs, it's almost midnight," Caroline suggested.  Elijah came up, "There you are, Penny. I was looking for you. The boys just put on their pajamas. Why don't you get ready for bed and we'll go back downstairs?"  "I'm not going to bed. I want Davina," Penny demanded.  "Caroline, do you want to rest in Penny's room? You look tired, dear. Or I can drive you home?" Elijah offered.  "Yes, I think I will do that. Come on, Penny, I'll help you," Caroline said taking the little girl's hand again.  "NO! I don't wanna go. Leave me alone," Penny said shoving Caroline away from her. With Penny's hybrid strength, it launched Caroline backwards and she lost her balance. Elijah caught Caroline before she hit the wall. He grabbed Penny by the arm.  "Are you alright, Caroline?" Elijah gasped.  "I'm fine," Caroline said a little stunned.  "Why would you do that? You could hurt her!" Elijah scolded. "Is that beer on your breath?" "I caught her taking just a sip," Caroline admitted.  "Caroline, I'm going to take her to her room, but there is a couch in that art studio in there. There's also a tv in there. Make yourself comfortable," Elijah said politely.  "Thanks," Caroline said.  "Apologize to Caroline," Elijah demanded firmly. Penny muttered, "Sorry."  "About what?" Elijah prompted.  "Pushing you," Penny said her eyes filling with tears.  "It's okay," Caroline said turning to go in the art room. Tyler came out to check on her and they went in together.  "I just wanted Davina!" Penny yelled.  "You are going to your room for the night," Elijah said sternly.  "NO! You can't make me," Penny growled.  "What? Are you going to bite me? Give it a try and see what happens. Now come along, Penelope," Elijah intoned taking her arm.  Penelope started to cry and let him take her downstairs to the huge room she inhabited.  "Okay, you can stop that. Why are you crying?" Elijah said once they were in the room.  "She has babies in her. That's what the sound was, wasn't it?" Penny sobbed.  "Yes, you were hearing their heartbeats. Dear Penny, the babies are fine. You didn't hurt them. Now can you listen to me very carefully?" Elijah asked softening. It was hard to resist feeling pity for her with tears dripping down her cheeks.  Penny nodded. "I want you to change into your pajamas, wash your face, and then come downstairs quickly. You're not in trouble. We can talk about all of this later, but right now it is almost the new year. I wanted to do something very special tonight. Can you help me out and do what I asked?" Elijah questioned quietly.  "Yes, Uncle Elijah," Penny said.  "It's okay, Penny. I mean it. We'll find Davina and you can spend some time with her. I'm sorry if I was a little hard on you. Now get dressed and come down," Elijah said kissing her on the forehead.  Elijah found the adults passing out champagne and getting ready for the countdown. A part of him knew that he needed to find Davina and Kol, but he also didn't want to miss this time with Vanessa and the boys.  Vanessa said him and laughed, "On the couch." Finn and Henrik were both fast asleep on the couches in the great room, covered by blankets. Jenna and Ric were sleeping on another.  Penny came down in her pajamas and Klaus picked her up.  "Hi sweetheart, I'm glad you came down," Klaus said. Most of the older kids came down and they got poppers, hats, streamers, and noisemakers ready. Five!  Four! Three! Two!  Happy New Year 2011! The television blared, "Should auld acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind?..." Penny asked, "What's 'auld lang syne' mean?" "It means 'Old Long Since'," Klaus said smiling as he put her down.  "What's that mean?" Penny persisted.  "For Old Time's Sake," Klaus answered.  "What's that mean?" Penny repeated.  "Look!" Klaus said pointing at Elijah. "My dearest Vanessa, would you do me the honor of becoming my wife?" Elijah said kneeling and producing a ring from his pocket.  Vanessa jumped in his arms, "Of course, I would."  Everyone cheered and drank more champagne.  Cami whispered, "Did you know about this?"  Klaus said honestly, "I had no bloody idea!"  Kol and Davina made their way downstairs and blended in.  "Davina, where were you?" Penny asked running over.  "I was in the game room," Davina replied.  "No, you weren't. I was looking for you," Penny corrected.  "Shh, we'll talk about it later. Are you getting tired? I'll sleep in your room tonight. I don't even see Freya around," Davina said.  Kol went to congratulate Elijah and Vanessa.  "Thank you, Brother. I think we're going to have a good, long talk tomorrow though, aren't we?" Elijah asked. Kol followed Elijah's gaze to Davina and Penny. He knew.  "Yes, Brother. I'm sorry," Kol spilled.  "Sorry you did it or sorry you got caught?" Elijah pressed.  "Can it be both?" Kol asked glibly.  "I love you, little brother," Elijah said putting his arm around his shoulder.  "Say, where is Freya?" Kol asked suddenly.  Elijah looked around, "I have no idea."  A second later, they heard Cami ask Klaus, "Where's my brother?"  Elijah and Kol looked at each other.  "No, no way. He's a priest," Kol smirked.  "Exactly," Elijah agreed.
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, Virginia Monday, January 1, 2011New Year's DayMorning Marcel heard something in the game room. It was right next door to his and Rebekah's huge third floor quarters. Their bedroom door was open and Marcel vamped down the hallway.  "Connor? What are you doing up here?" Marcel said and then he noticed the girl.  Connor groaned, "What time is it?" He must have rolled off the couch he was sleeping on. Connor had been having a nightmare that he was back in the motel living with his mother and Erik, before she sent them away. "Who's your friend here?" Marcel said pointing at the buxom half-dressed female red head on the floor.  "Does it matter?" Connor grinned.  "Young man, you better wipe that grin off your face. If Dad comes up here and finds you...," Marcel started. He stopped as the girl stirred.  Connor looked a little alarmed as he looked at the trashed room."Oh my god, we're dead. Aren't we? Marcel, what should I do?" Connor asked softly.  "It's 5 am. So I think you need to go down to your room and go back to sleep. I'll get her a pillow and some blankets. And maybe a water bottle and some pain killers.  You didn't, ya know...?" Marcel asked.  Connor blushed, "I think I did. I didn't mean for it to happen, but, you know..." "Tyler and Caroline weren't enough for you to learn your lesson?" Marcel scolded.  "Can we talk about this later? I'm going to head down. Ah, thanks. Sorry, if we woke you up," Connor said sheepishly.  "Sleep it off," Marcel ordered. He got the girl set up with some supplies and made sure she was still on her side. What the hell was his Dad thinking getting them a keg? Wasn't Kol supposed to be up here babysitting? Marcel became alarmed.  He walked down to Davina's room and opened the door. She seemed to be sleeping peacefully in her bed. He didn't want to wake her up, but something stopped him. Were those Kol's suspended under the bed? Marcel thought it was kind of goofy how Kol wore these under his jackets, an old fashioned habit he clung to. With a sinking heart, Marcel vamped over and pulled them from under the bed. He checked the closet, no Kol in there. Marcel looked at Davina, she shifted in her sleep and he saw something. Were those fang marks on her neck? Marcel saw red. He went back to the bedroom and woke up Rebekah.  "Come with me," he whispered.  "What it is?" Rebekah said alarmed.  "Here's where I found your brother's suspenders and look at her neck!" Marcel hissed when they got back to Davina's room.  "Oh my god, Marcel, he's feeding off of her? Damn him. What is he thinking?" Rebekah ranted quietly.  They exited the room and went to talk in their quarters.  Marcel was angry, "She is just as guilty, Rebekah. If she snuck him in there and let him feed of her. Plus, while he was supposed to be keeping an eye on the kids' party, Connor was in the game room screwing some red-hair chick who is still in there. I sent him to get some sleep. The game room is trashed. God knows what else happened!"  Rebekah cringed, "Marcel, we should have checked on them, too. What do we even do about this? I feel like if we can't trust them, we need to stay in New Orleans until she is old enough to think straight. Nik is just going to have to deal with that. Our daughter needs to come first."  Marcel nodded,"First of all, Penny will be crushed if we don't move back soon. Did you see her looking for D. last night. Secondly, Klaus has Cami and six kids to worry about so I'm not worried about him. He can let us go for a year or two. Thirdly, I think I'm too angry to think straight right now about what we're going to do with her." Rebekah nodded, "We already monitor her phone, her friends, her laptop...We can't trust her around him. She continues to disobey us at the risk of her own safety and sanity. Okay, let's talk about this later. It's barely 6 am. Um, Happy New Year?" ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Cami found Sean sprawled out on Freya's floor the next morning, fully clothed. She got him up and dragged him into the adjoining kitchen. Sean couldn't function until he had coffee. "Oh thank god!" Cami gasped. "What?" Sean asked.  "I just, um, nothing. Okay, I thought maybe you hooked up with Freya," Cami confessed.  "Camille, I admit that there may have been an attraction, I am a man and human. But I'm not going to break my vows despite the amount of very expensive Irish whiskey I consumed. I would hope you know me better than that. I married the church, you know that," Sean reprimanded.  "I do. Sorry," Cami cringed making the coffee and shoving one of Freya's muffins at Sean. "These are good. What's in them?" Sean asked biting into the muffin. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Did we really get engaged last night?" Vanessa asked. She was still wearing the 4 carat diamond ring he gave her last night. She held up her left hand to see it sparkle in the dim morning light that streamed through the crack in the curtains.  "Yes, I hadn't planned it like that. I wanted us to go away along, but I couldn't wait," Elijah admitted.  "You know think it's too soon?" Vanessa worried.  "No, I don't. But we can get married whenever you want. Tomorrow, today, or a hundred years from now," Elijah offered.  The boys were sleeping between them. They had woken up after Elijah had carried them up from the great room couches sleeping.  Vanessa rubbed sleeping Henrik's arm and said, "When are we going to tell them?"  "I guess today? I'll let you tell them, my dear," Elijah smiled.  Vanessa's eyes filled with tears as Elijah reached across and clasped her hand.  "I will love you, always and forever, Vanessa," Elijah pledged.  "Always and forever," Vanessa replied letting the tears fall. She was happy, but scared that it was too good to last.  There was a knock at the door.  "Brother, I'm sorry. We need you," Rebekah said opening the door a crack. Elijah excused himself and put on his robe.  "What's wrong?" Elijah asked in concern when they got in the hallway.  "Marcel found Kol's suspenders under Davina's bed and...," Rebekah began to sob. "What, little Sister, tell me," Elijah prompted.  "Fang marks! Like he fed from her," Rebekah cried. "He what? I warned him to be on his best behavior yesterday. Sister, don't worry, I am going to give him the thrashing of his life! Does Niklaus know? I thought Kol offered to watch the kids in the game room," Elijah fumed.  "Not yet. Marcel thinks Connor screwed some high school friend without protection. He found them there this morning. This is our fault, too. We know what Davina has been like. I should have been watching her. I guess I wanted to be the cool mum and not embarrass her by hovering and acting like I didn't trust her. Elijah, what should I do?" Rebekah sobbed.  "I would make sure she couldn't sit comfortably for a week.  Kol is guilty, but Rebekah, Davina is not innocent in this. You know that. She's young, but smart enough to sneak around and get what she wants. Don't forget the powerful motivation that a sore backside can provide to help her learn to follow the rules. I assure you, Kol, will get a good reminder from me and probably Niklaus, too," Elijah thundered.  "Maybe that's what she needs? A good spanking from Marcel and me together. Aside from a convent, this is our last resort," Rebekah replied.  Elijah tapped on Klaus' door and woke him, too. They filled him in and he was also furious with Kol.  "Let's get dressed and talk to him up in Rebekah's quarters. We'll have some privacy there," Klaus said.  "Fine, a half hour?" Elijah replied.  "Good," Rebekah said. She needed to calm down and get dressed. She was shaking. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Kol got up and took a shower. He was shaving when he heard the knock. He knew this wasn't good.  "Come in," Kol called finishing and washing the shaving cream from his face.  "Brother, get dressed. We would like to speak to you upstairs," Klaus announced. Elijah was behind him not looking happy.  "Am I too be hanged at high noon?" Kol said seeing their expressions.  "Kol, please just get dressed," Elijah said tiredly.  "Can't this wait until the bloody guests leave?" Kol snapped.  Klaus vamped over and smacked him over his robe. Crack! "Ouch, Nik, just give me a minute. I just got out of the shower," Kol growled. Klaus yanked up his robe and swatted him on his damp backside. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Kol tried to move out of the way, but Klaus' grip on his arm was tight and the swats were powerful. "OWWWWW, that's hurts. Let me dry off better. OUCH!" Kol felt tears pop into his eyes.  "Now, Kol," Elijah repeated.  Kol hurried and threw on his clothes quickly as he was afraid they would march him upstairs in just his robe. He struggled not to try to rub his backside as they walked up the stair silently. He was getting nervous. In Rebekah and Marcel's room, Davina was sitting on the bed contritely. Connor was sitting in a chair near the wall. Marcel started, "So Kol we thought you were going to be hanging out and watching the kids last night. But this morning, I woke up and Connor here had a half naked chick in the game room, which is trashed, by the way...Then, I check on Davina and not only find your suspenders, but something else. Show them, Davina," Marcel said.  Davina flipped backed her hair and showed the fang marks. "Kol was in my room, okay! But he didn't bite me. I swear it. He's never done that-ever," Davina cried.  "Then, who did?" Rebekah asked glaring at her brother.  "I don't know. It wasn't there when I went to sleep," Davina sobbed. Kol was angry. Why were they making Davina cry? They could hear the truth in her voice. Kol hadn't drink from her when she was aware of it.  "Darling, didn't you tell Penny you would sleep with her last night?" Kol prompted. "Yes, that's right. I did go to sleep with Penny. Then, I had a nightmare and came back up to my room in the middle of the night," Davina recalled.  "So maybe it was the little hybrid? Did anyone thing of that? I know you are all so quick to accuse me. By the way, I don't recall saying I would be your babysitter. I offered to drive home anyone, but no one asked me to stay there the whole night," Kol defended.  Klaus realized Kol was right. He had assumed Kol would stay up there... "I should have asked you, Kol. I just I just assumed you would supervise," Klaus shared.  Elijah stepped in, "Oh no, he doesn't get off the hook that easily. I warned you to be on your best behavior yesterday, didn't I?"  Kol bristled at being scolded like a child in front of Davina and Connor."You know what, Elijah? I am not a child so how about you stop talking to me like I am one," Kol retorted.  Klaus stood up in front of Kol,"Connor, Davina, why don't you go to your rooms. We'll talk to you lot, later."  "Yeah, you know what they mean by 'talk' around here. It's a freakin' prison," Kol grumbled.  Elijah snapped, "Dammit, Kol. That's it." Faster than Davina's human eyes could see, Elijah took off his belt and began to thrash Kol. He had turned him and bent him over the back of a chair and all that could be heard were the cracks of the belt coming down. Kol struggled but Elijah was stronger and had him in a firm grip.  Connor was in shook and just stood there.  Davina screamed, "Stop it!"  She cast an aneurysm spell on all the vampires in the room except Kol and Connor they fell to the ground.  "Run, my love," she shouted.  "Thanks, Darling. I love you," Kol kissed her and then vamped out of the room.  Connor saw his father and the other vampires writhing in pain on the floor and begged Davina to stop. She wanted to give Kol time to go. She cast a boundary spell and released the aneurysm spell, not caring what this meant for her.  In a few seconds, all the vampires were able to get up.  Klaus' eyes turned yellow in anger, "Where is he?"  "I let him go. There is a boundary spell. You can't leave this room," Davina said with more confidence than she felt. Klaus vamped to the door way to test it. He pounded against the boundary.  Rebekah was furious, "Davina, you are in more trouble than you can imagine, however, it will be less if you let us go. Kol could do a lot of damage out there in the world when he is upset. Do you know what an Original vampire can do?"  "He just needed to get to safety. Uncle Elijah was hurting him," Davina wailed.  Marcel tried next, "D., Elijah lost his temper, okay? But it would take a lot more than a few licks with a belt over his clothes to hurt Kol. He heals almost faster than he can be hurt. The only thing that would have been injured is his pride."  Elijah held his head in his hands a moment.  "He's right. I'm sorry. I didn't sleep much and yes, I lost my temper. Davina, Kol is our baby brother. We have been taking care of him for ten centuries. If you let him loose out there and he slaughters someone, then he is going to have to live with that guilt. Please let us out and let us bring him home. You both need to be punished and will be, but not like that, alright?" Elijah insisted.  "You're going to whip Kol? I don't think so. Why does he need to be punished? If you would listen to us, we didn't even fucking do anything last night. We cuddled in bed and kissed. If you don't believe me and check, I'm a virgin, so there. Why don't you get punished for not listening to people and assuming the worst about Kol? I know what you did to him. Daggering him for centuries because what? He killed people. Like the three of you never killed people? How dare you?" Davina spat.  "Davina, that is on me. I daggered him. I was wrong. I have apologized for it. No one's going to whip Kol, I promise you. Let us go," Klaus begged.  "Promise me, he won't be 'punished'!" Davina demanded.  "I cant' do that. That's not our way and I won't lie to you," Klaus conceded.  "I don't even want to know what that means," Davina scowled.  "Maybe I can show you," Marcel said. Using his vampire strength and speed, Davina found herself over Marcel's lap on the bed. Rebekah tossed him her wide flat backed hair brush that he immediately smacked down over her pajama pants.  Whack!Whack!Whack! Davina's boundary spell was still in place, but she couldn't cast a new spell when she couldn't concentrate. Whack!Whack! Davina's eyes were wide open as she was shocked at the sharp sting of the hair brush. She bit her lip in an effort to not react or yell out. She couldn't help herself from kicking or trying to get up. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! "Stop!" She heard from the door. Marcel rested the brush on her backside.  It was Kol, he should have been away by now.  "Please, Marcellus, let her up," Kol begged.  Marcel looked at Rebekah, she nodded and Marcel swatted her one last time hard on the center of her cheeks and stood her up.  Crack! "Davina, luv. Just let them out, I can't leave you here to be punished for something I did. Please, don't get yourself in anymore trouble," Kol pleaded.  "Kol, I'm afraid they will hurt you, tell them you didn't do anything. They are blaming you and you are innocent. Tell them," Davina cried.  "Darling, they won't believe me," Kol swore.  Davina said the words and the boundary came down.  Klaus whispered to Connor, "Go to your room. We'll talk later. I mean talk, okay. I'm sorry you had to see this." Connor nodded and vamped out.  Kol grabbed Davina and they embraced.  "Say goodbye because we are leaving and it may be a while," Rebekah warned.  They parted when Marcel took Davina by the arm.  "What do you say?" he prompted indicating Klaus and Elijah with his head. Davina bit her lip, "Sorry for using my magic against you."Klaus nodded, "You just best hope Freya doesn't find out, young lady."  Elijah agreed, "Indeed. Davina, if you can forgive me, then I can do the same."  Rebekah hugged Kol, "Talk later?"  "Yes, Sister," he replied dutifully as Rebekah, Marcel, and Davina left. Elijah didn't know what to say, he felt like he was at a loss for words.  "We were wrong to accuse you of feeding from Davina and you're right, it wasn't your job to supervise the game room..."Elijah apologized.  Freya came up, "What is going on up here?" "We had a little disagreement," Klaus retorted.  "Can I go to my room? I really don't feel like doing this now. Elijah, if you still want to belt me, could you do it in my room? Or would you prefer me to strip down in the great room in front of the entire family for somethings I didn't even do?" Kol quipped bitterly.  "Kol, I-," Elijah interrupted.  "Save it for someone who cares, Brother," Kol said walking out.  "Why don't you two start from the beginning?" Freya insisted making them both squirm with her stern gaze. They looked like two guilty little boys whose hands were caught in the cookie jar.  They filled Freya in and she was horrified.  "So you assumed it was Kol who drank from Davina, but it could have been Penny? Then, you got mad at Kol for not babysitting YOUR kids who YOU provided alcohol for while you two partied downstairs? Then, you accused Kol of having sex with Davina when she is a virgin? What am I missing?" Freya pressed.  "I lost my temper and took off my belt...," Elijah confessed.  "And that's when Davina cast the aneurysm spell? I'm not sure I disagree with her methods. So you were going to whip Kol in front of Connor, Davina, Marcel, Rebekah and the two of you for things he didn't do?" Freya yelled in disbelief.  "Sister, he feels terrible," Klaus defended.  "Niklaus, you defend him, but did you lift a finger to defend Kol. Your baby brother, you say he is like a boy forever at 17 and yet you were going to let Elijah thrash him and humiliate him in front of the love of his life?" Freya scolded.  "I, I, sister, it happened so fast. He'll forgive us," Klaus stammered. "He may, but I shall not. You two are quick to give out consequences, but I don't see you receiving any yourselves," Freya said as she shut and locked the door. She spoke a spell over it sealing it.  "Sister, we must bear the guilt of our actions. That is our punishment," Elijah informed her.  "Today, I shall purge you of that guilt. I should have Kol come up and watch, but I know he would not wish that. He loves you both so dearly and looks up to both of you as not only brothers, but as fathers to him. You have no idea how deeply you wound him with your false accusations and low expectations of him, time and time again," Freya said calmly.  Klaus and Elijah were staggered by her strong words. Made the more painful because they were true.  Elijah started to protest, to argue with her, but Klaus put a restraining hand on him. "Sister, it's been a long time since either of us got thrashed ourselves, but you need not use magic, I will accept your punishment," Klaus said.  Elijah agreed, "I will also as your words ring true and are painful to hear."  "Who wants to be first?" Freya said sternly.  "I guess I will," Klaus offered flushing.  "Then, Elijah, you can go stand in the corner," Freya ordered. Elijah was in shock, he never in one thousand years thought he would be submitting to a punishment himself. He saw his discarded belt by the chair that he had had Kol bent over and dropped his pants to his ankles. He felt horrible right now.  "Niklaus, take down your trousers. Over my lap," Freya said sternly.  She sat on the edge of the bed at first. Then, she decided to move back as to allow his body to rest on the bed. She wanted them to feel childlike and helpless, yet due to their healing, this could take a long time. Freya had an idea.  "I'm going to stop your healing. This is going to make you feel human for a few minutes and learn a good lesson. Then, I'll reverse it so your fiancés don't ask why you have red behinds this week. I appreciate your cooperation and I swear that I will never tell another soul about this, okay," Freya promised.  Freya said the words to slow his supernatural healing for a short time. She wasn't sure it would completely work.  "Thank you, Sister," Klaus said nervously. He hadn't been in this position since he was probably 9 or 10 years old. It was humiliating, but Klaus recalled the look on Kol's face and forced himself to remain still. Freya rested her hand on Klaus' black boxer briefs. She gave him a light tap and then a hard smack.   Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  Klaus felt the smacks over his underpants and there was a slight sting. There were going to be here a long time if that was as hard as Freya could spank.  "I think we're going to have to try something else. It's not much of a spanking if you can't feel it," Freya said. She whispered more words over him. "Let's keep going. *Crack* Wonder when you were last in this position? *Crack*" Freya asked.  "I think I *smack* broke a bowl *smack* that I was mixing *smack* paint in. I was forbidden from using it. Mother kept *whack* it on a high shelf *spank*  and I climbed up to put it *whap* back and dropped it. She caught me *slap* red-handed. Spanked me right there *crack*...It was a long time ago," Klaus recalled. "I wish I had *whack* been there to know *whack* all of you. But I'm here for you now, Niklaus. I love you and won't allow mistakes to tear us apart," Freya said smacking him hard on each cheek back and forth.  Klaus had been keeping his arms under his head. His feet were starting to tap on the bed, to his horror, his healing had shut off and he felt the pain. It started as a burning on his cheeks but spread as Freya randomly swatted the whole surface of his backside. She paused and rubbed the area a moment.  "Okay, that's a good warm-up. I think you're ready for me to paddle you with the brush," Freya shared.  Klaus stiffened in horror. The spanking was already stinging a great deal. He wasn't sure how he would handle a paddling, though he had dealt out plenty to his sons. Freya rested the brush and rubbed it over his sore rear end.  Pop! Pop! Freya swatted the center of each check back and forth working into a good rhythm. Klaus began to kick his feet and twisted his hips as the pain was sharp.  "Is this spanking getting through to you?" Freya demanded spanking him firmly. Freya didn't want to bare his backside, he was still her brother, but she needed to see, she slid down the waistband a bit. Pink, not red. "Yes, Freya! It really...smarts. T-Truly," Klaus said wiggling.  "Stay still and behave. It would be awkward to explain to the children that their father was getting sent to bed early for a bedtime spanking," Freya lectured with a slight smile.  Klaus kicked and tried not to push himself up but the fire was too hot. Freya pushed him down with her left hand and gave him some hard swats on his sit spots until he settled down. "Tell me what you think you did wrong and why you are getting a long overdue spanking, Niklaus?" Freya asked.  "I blamed Kol for things he didn't do. I assumed he was guilty. I spanked him in his room for not getting ready quicker," Klaus felt tears well up. He had been in pain ten times worse, but the guilt was eating away at him. "I expected him to watch my kids all night. I didn't bother to even ask him."  Freya added, "What about the wisdom of providing alcohol to children? Did the parents of those girls know they were drinking here? Connor bedded one. Whose fault is that? Yes, you talk to him about that and being safe, but if anyone deserves punishment for that, it is you, little brother."Klaus sniffed and admitted, "I thought they would be safer here, but we should have watched them better. They are not Kol's responsibility, or yours. I am sorry, Freya." Crack! Crack! "I forgive you, Brother. Like you said, Kol will, too. Because we love you and the children do, too. You are a good father. But sometimes the best intentions lead us astray. That keg was a mistake, but let's learn from it. Are you doing okay?" Freya inquired pausing. She rested the brush over his black cotton underwear. She knew they couldn't have been providing much protection. This was hard for Freya to do, but she reminded herself that she had to hurt him first in order to let him heal.  "It hurts more than I remember, but I deserve it. I'll do better," Klaus promised.  "Almost done. You're doing so well," Freya whispered. She wasn't sure if she could do this, but she forced her self to raise the brush a little higher.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Freya cracked down the brush in a flurry of smacks that had Klaus' feet kicking and hips wiggling. He never reached back or tried to push up. Her left arm was restraining him, but with his strength, he could have easily overpowered her. When she finally heard him sobbing softly. She stopped. "All forgiven. We're not going to need to repeat this, are we? No, no, I don't think so," Freya soothed. She rubbed his back and cried her own tears silently. After he calmed down, she let him get up. She brushed away her own tears quickly and let him fix his pants. She stood, almost as tall as he and hugged him to her for a long moment.  "Trade places with Elijah," Freya said. "Elijah bring that belt with you, please."  Elijah exchanged a look with his brother and saw that he looked like he had been weeping. He know how tough his brother was and patted him on the arm as they passed.  Elijah walked over to the bed with as much dignity as he could muster. Freya had a look of determination and compassion on her face as she thanked him for the belt. She laid it down next to the hairbrush.  "I texted the girls that we were doing something and would be down soon. They said the kids are still sleeping," Freya reassured him.  "Thank you," Elijah offered. Elijah obeyed Freya's order to drop his trousers to his knees and get over her lap. She rested her hand on his boxers and also did a spell or two to stop his healing.  The first whack was a shock. The second an eye opener. Unlike with vampire healing, the sensation of burning lingers until all the smacks blended together. It was only a minute or two or continuous swats all over until he began to squirm and move. The heat built until it turned from a sting to a fiery sensation.  "Settle down!" Freya ordered. Elijah took a breath and tried to control himself. He felt Freya's left arm encircling his waist and holding him in place and her right hand never stopped. Until it did and he felt a sense of relief that maybe it was over. Then, he felt the hard flat brush patting his cheeks.  "I'm going to switch to the brush to begin your real spanking. I shouldn't have to remind you that you are to stay in position and keep your hands away from your bottom. I would like to keep your underpants up, but if misbehave during your spanking, they are coming down. Do you understand?" Freya prompted.  Whack! "Um, ah, yes, Sister!" Elijah belatedly answered. The thought of her baring his backside was too alarming to him.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! "Why are getting your backside swatted over my knee, brother?" Freya interrogated.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! "I-I accused Kol of doing things he didn't do-again. I lost my temper and whipped him in front of everyone. I should have checked on the kids last night but I was in a rush to propose to Vanessa and never did," Elijah confessed.  Freya was surprised at the last one.  Elijah could not breath for a minute or so as she peppered his bottom with hard, sharp cracks. He brought his feet up and Freya pushed them back down and then paddled his sit spots for a long moment. Elijah could not stay still and felt himself twisting to escape the blows to his cloth covered behind. The sensation was a burning agony and he never knew where the next smack would land.  "It's all forgiven, Elijah. I love you and doing this is painful, but you need to forgive yourself. You have carried so much for so long, let me take care of some of it for you, Brother. Let it all go." Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Elijah felt stubborn tears fall down his face and felt himself crying into his elbow.  "I mean it, I will paddle your backside as hard as I need to until you let you. I'm the big sister. Listen to me now, you did something wrong, I punished you, you are forgiven. Let it go," Freya whispered. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Elijah felt her stop as he broke, he knew he should feel ashamed and foolish, but he felt relief for a moment. The burden of all the faults of the family need not only rest with him alone. Freya waited until he was ready and then helped him up. "I mean it, it's not all on you anymore. You're my little brother. I can't let you hurt like this. We spend a thousand years apart. I am mortal, I want the years we do have to be good ones. I will not let you suffer needlessly anymore," Freya hugged him tightly.  "Niklaus, come him please," Freya called. Freya picked up the belt. Elijah winced.  "Shh, don't worry," Freya reassured him. She knew he was afraid of what she would do to Niklaus.  Freya handed the belt to Elijah to hold.  "Would you ever beat Niklaus with that belt?" Freya asked softly. "Never. I couldn't," Elijah said. He wanted to add not after what Father did to him, but he was afraid he would break down again.  "What about me? Would you use this belt on me or Rebekah?" Freya pressed.  "Never. You know that," Elijah admitted.  "Then, Elijah, you don't use it on Kol. He's not your whipping boy. I already told you that I won't say a word, but please talk to him. I hope I never have to do this to either of you again, but I will if I see your behavior spinning out of control. It's not just you guys anymore. There are children involved. They depend on you. You will both be married men soon to fantastic women, they deserve the best of you also," Freya exclaimed.  "Thank you, Freya. We won't let you down. I'm going to admit that that spanking hurt a good deal more than I remembered one hurting. What kind of spell was that?" Klaus asked.  "It was just a little spell to give me the strength to carry it out," Freya admitted.  "You mean, you didn't slow our healing?" Elijah asked in shock.  "No, you should be fine in a few moments," Freya smiled.  "Oh god, what is a spanking from you like with the slow healing salve?" Klaus asked in horror.  "That, little brothers, you do not want to find out. Now give me another hug and go. I'm sure everyone is waiting on you," Freya said hugging them both. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, Virginia Monday, January 1, 2011New Year's DayMorning Dana, that was her name. The one he thought he had slept with...everything was a little fuzzy. He remembered talking to her, drinking, and then waking up falling off the couch. Although it was just last night, he didn't remember anything they talked about. That was odd.  Dad had told him to go to his room so they could talk about it. That was the last thing Connor wanted to do, talk about sex he may or may not have had. Connor found himself walking down to Kol's room and knocking. The door had been broken, but he and Elijah had fixed it yesterday after the stairs.  "Uncle Kol, it's me," Connor said.  "Hey mate, come in," Kol said. He was in his bed watching ESPN. It was a commercial, but his eyes were glued to the screen. Kol's arm was behind his head and his eyes went to the ceiling. "I just want to see if you were alright," Connor said slowly. He brushed his hand over his no longer buzzed hair. It was growing in, but still short. It was light brown, not as blond as Erik's, but no where as dark as Penny's.  "Oh, darling, this isn't the first time my brothers thrashed me in front of my girl. Funny story, I used to date one of Davina's ancestors. A lass named Mary-Alice Claire, a very powerful witch, not as powerful as Davina, but strong and...," Kol drifted off.  "And what? What happened?" Connor pushed.  "It's a little sad because she was helping me with something and her own sister betrayed her. Nik and Marcellus tricked us and to this very day she is locked in a witch prison cottage in New Orleans, can you believe that? All for helping me. Sorry, lad, maybe I am not the best company right now," Kol revealed.  "It's okay," Connor said.  Elijah was now at the doorway, "Connor, I think your father wanted to speak to you in your room now." Connor glanced back at Kol and left. "It's fine, Elijah. You don't have to go through this song and dance," Kol said muting the television.  "Kol, please, let me come in," Elijah pleaded.  "Fine, have a seat. Stay a while," Kol said indicating the chair near the tv.  Elijah closed the door quietly and said, "I think I'll stand. Thank you."  There was something in his tone that made Kol look at him a little closer. Elijah and Klaus had discussed telling Kol that Freya had disciplined them. They decided he had the right to know since he was the wronged party.  "Freya was not impressed by our behavior towards you. She made that very clear. Brother, she put me and Niklaus in a position I haven't been in since I was maybe 14 years old and I failed to tend to the pigs properly and I thought no one would notice, but Mother always noticed everything about those damn pigs," Elijah confessed.  Kol sat up.  "Are you serious, Elijah?" Kol questioned.  "Very. Kol, I am so ashamed of not believing you, and then losing my temper.  Every time she walloped me with that hairbrush, I tried to take it thinking of how I hurt you. All I can say is that I'm sorry," Elijah said standing stiffly and putting a hand on the dresser.  "The hairbrush, really? Nik, too. That's something you would never do although you know Nik's deserved a good hiding more than once. Elijah, how would you feel if your own siblings always believed the worst about you first? You wouldn't know because it never happened to you," Kol said pointedly.  "Kol, the way I treated you is the worst way I behaved. You know why I could never discipline Niklaus. I have my limits, too. I think I even tried once in the 14th century after he did something egregious and he just looked at me and I saw him cowering from Father. I dropped the strap. I wish I did that with you yesterday. What can I do to make it up to you?" Elijah asked. "Nothing, Elijah. I just need a little time. I'm worried about Davina. Someone or something bit her and she doesn't remember what. Connor was out of it. I feel like something odd is happening here. I'm trying not to be mad at you, but I can hear that belt coming out and how I felt knowing Davina was there. Then, seeing her get it from Marcel because she was defending me...It's a lot," Kol admitted.  "I understand. I love you, always and forever," Elijah said. He vamped over and planted a long kiss on Kol's head and touched his shoulder. It was hard for him that Kol couldn't forgive him, but he understood. Elijah wondered if Freya shouldn't have dragged Kol upstairs to watch him and Niklaus get a going-over. Kol's anger might have dissipated, but even so, Elijah was grateful that Freya hadn't done that. He wasn't sure he could have faced his little brother again. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Tyler, Erik, and Connor's RoomLaterConnor walked in to find Erik still sleeping and Tyler in the shower. The room was a mess. They had sort of cleaned it up yesterday, but Tyler had this habit of throwing his clean clothes on the floor. Connor also started to pick up some wrappers and bottles on the tables and floor near their gaming stations. Someone's iPad was on the floor dead.  They were supposed to keep them in the cases, but this one wasn't. Connor guesses it was Tyler's. He really was a sloppy roommate. "Hey, there you are, Son? Erik sleeping?" Klaus said quietly.  "Yes, sir. Ty must be in the shower," Connor said throwing the garbage away.  "Good lord, this room! No one is going anywhere today until this house is clean. You know, maybe you need another closet in here? That could be the problem, storage? I'll see if we can do something about that. Let's go talk in my study," Klaus said taking him by the arm.  When they got in there, Klaus sat behind his desk and Connor in one of the two chairs in front of the desk. He felt like he was in trouble.  "Son, it's okay. I just want to talk. This is more on me than you," Klaus started.  "No, Dad, it's just that girl, Dana...I must have blacked out. I remember Matt bringing her over to me. She was on my lap, we was playing quarters," Connor explained. Klaus looked confused.  "Quarters?" Klaus prompted. "Oh, it's some drinking game," Connor said hastily.  "Okay, go on," Klaus continued.  "So we were playing quarters and then it's like Marcel was in the game room the next morning. I fell over the couch and woke up out of a terrible nightmare," Connor said recalling the dream.  "About what, Connor?" Klaus inquired.  "Erik and me was in this dirty motel with our mama. She was working, ya know, turning tricks, and we were like hanging out in the front away from the customers. This woman came over to us and told us we were special...she had red hair, too," Connor said in surprise.  "Red hair? What does that have to do with it, Son?" Klaus asked.  "Dana, the girl Marcel found me with, had red hair, too. Dad, I can't even recall anything before or after that. Like, how did she get home. Who did she come with?" Connor asked. "Don't worry. We will look into it," Klaus said.  "Okay, thanks. Sorry about hooking up with her. I think I did, but I can't be 100% sure if we, ya know, did it," Connor confessed.  "Connor, all I wanted to say is that the alcohol and the girl were probably not a great combination. If you want to have sex, fine, just just the condom in the drawer. I mean, I had this talk with Tyler and it didn't really go over too well, eh?" Klaus smirked.  "Condoms, yeah. No, I would use them, if I was, ah doing it," Connor stammered.  "I mean, have you done it, Son?" Klaus asked.  "All the way. No, I guess I was always afraid of catching something or getting someone pregnant. When you're always with  the working girls like my mama, you see the kind of men they go with. I always stayed away from that, best that I could," Connor answered.  "Good. And I can tell you that having sex with faceless, nameless women can be an empty pursuit. It's different when you have a relationship with someone. And you have plenty of time to have a girlfriend, okay? This Dana may not be the right woman," Klaus laughed.  "I can barely remember her face," Connor added.  "Really, you weren't that intoxicated, were you? I got quite a tongue lashing from your aunts for getting that keg," Klaus mused.  "No, Dad. It was just beer. I mean, it's not like we were drinking tequila," Connor said.  "Good, you are much too young to be drinking strong spirits like that. And if I caught any of you, you'll be attending those alcoholic meetings," Klaus smiled.   "Alcoholics Anonymous? Really, Dad?" Connor laughed.  "Try me and find out. Hey, did your Uncle Elijah speak to you about the vo-tech at your school? He thinks you have a real talent for working with your hands. Is something you would rather do?" Klaus asked.  "Yes, 100%. I would do anything to get out of those academic classes. Like anything!" Connor said excitedly. He had been dreaded going back to school. He should have been a junior by age, but by credits he was only a sophomore. Maybe vo-tech would even let him work half a day.  "Excellent. We'll go see the guidance person and get that set up for you. I don't think they take people in the middle of the year, but I'm sure I can make a 'compelling' argument for why they should take you," Klaus offered.  "Dad, could I try to compel them? I mean, I'm now half vampire," Connor asked.  "Son, thank you for asking me. The answer is no. Compelling is very delicate and can backfire if you don't do it the right way. I'll teach you how and you can practice a little before you do it on people in your life. Remember, even an Original cannot 'un'compel someone or a vampire who has been compelled. We can 're' compel them, but only the original compeller can undo what has already been done," Klaus tried to explain.  "Weird," Connor said. "Oh, Son, I'm sorry you had to see that scene upstairs with Kol and Davina. You know we adore Kol, but in the past, things have been difficult. I made mistakes with him, Elijah did. That was just an awful scene and I apologize. I'm going to go see Kol after you," Klaus said.  "I was just in there. Uncle Elijah came in when I was talking to Uncle Kol," Conner reported.  "Okay, good. Can you help me get started on this house in a bit? It's not fair to Elijah that we leave him with 90% of the laundry. We all need to pitch in me, me included. It is my New Year's resolution," Klaus said getting up to leave the study.  "Can I wake up Erik to get cleaning? He ain't as big of a slob as Tyler, but he ain't, I mean isn't gonna win no, any cleaning prizes," Connor said correcting himself. Connor got up to follow his father.  "Is the tutoring helping you with your grammar?" Klaus said impressed.  "Yes, sir. Miss Lily. She told me to just try to replace my 'ain't' and double negatives first. Start little," Connor explained. They stood in the hallway talking a moment.  "Good. I'm proud of you Connor. I mean that, I know I was rough on you and Tyler that day in the kitchen after the fight, but you really came through. I do shudder to think about what would have happened if you went down to that Bayou by yourself. Look at me, Son. You can come to me about things, whatever they are. That's what it means to have a family.  You know that right? Things are good with you and Erik again?" Klaus prompted. "Good. Penny, not so much, but Erik and I are good. Dad, good luck with Uncle Kol," Connor said in closing.  "Thanks, Son. I'm going to need it," Klaus replied walking down the hallway.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Matt and Jeremy's RoomKol's room was empty but the time Klaus got down there. He went back down the hallway to wake up Matt and Jeremy. They had missed all the excitement of the morning by sleeping through it.  "Boys, come on. It's almost noon. Get up. We have things to do today," Klaus ordered.  They both groaned and rolled over. Klaus opened the blinds and saw their room was pretty disgusting, too.  "Gentleman, I thought I told you yesterday to get these rooms cleaned up!""We did, Dad!" Matt groaned.  "Matthew, if you call this clean, then we need to come to an understanding of what clean means," Klaus lectured evenly.  Jeremy whined, "Dad, can you yell at us about this later? We kind of had a late night."  "Young man, it is the afternoon. Keep up and get dressed. We still have guests and your uncle was planning to make a big lunch. By the way, how was your party last night?" Klaus asked. It did annoy Klaus how they always said he was yelling although he hadn't raised his voice in the slightest, but he let it go. It was a New Year and he was going to be better with them. Klaus tried not to think of the little conversation Freya had had with Elijah and him earlier about Kol. Surely, that was a one time thing! "Good. Those girls Matt invited were kind of weird, but good weird, I guess," Jeremy said.  "Who was this Dana?" Klaus pressed.  Matt admitted, "The other two brought her but they didn't really hang out with her. She liked Erik and I was like 'He's too young' and then she clung onto Connor. I like redheads, but she apparently only likes southern dudes."  Klaus said, "Hmm...I need to go check in on Penny. When I come back you two better be up, dressed, and cleaning. Got it?"  "Fine," Jeremy said sitting up.  "I love you," Klaus said kissing Jeremy on the head, "You guys doing okay after everything?" Matt replied, "Yeah, we never liked his Uncle John anyway."  Klaus smoothed back Matt's hair, "That doesn't mean you want to see him dead!"  Jeremy retorted, "Dad, seriously, we're fine about it. You were right about all that Augustine crap. I just hope it's over."  "Me, too," Klaus said walking out.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Penny wasn't in her room. The younger kids usually woke up earlier. Klaus felt like an errant dad as he assumed that Freya or Vanessa had taken care of the little girl this morning.  Klaus heard the family downstairs before he got there. As promised, Elijah and Freya were making a big lunch.  "Good afternoon, everyone! Happy New Year," Klaus boomed.  "Happy New Year," Sean replied.  "Hello, Sean. I'm glad you were able to stay. I see my siblings have put you to work in the kitchen," Klaus commented.  "It was either this or listening to my beautiful twin lecture me about my alcohol consumption. I chose kitchen," Sean joked.  "And your beautiful twin is?" Klaus pressed. "Outside with the kids," Freya answered.  "Thank you, Sister," Klaus answered. Freya smiled slyly and waved at him with her wooden spoon.  "Muffins, again?" Klaus asked inwardly groaning. He'd rather take a hundred whacks with her spoon than try to choke down one of her fiber filled monstrosities.  "Your favorite, Niklaus!" Freya retorted.  "Indeed," Elijah said laughing. Klaus shook his head and headed outside.  Cami was sitting on a bench with Vanessa talking.  Kol was playing frisbee with the kids and dog Sadie in the yard.  Klaus went behind the ladies and put his arms around Cami.  "I missed you," Klaus whispered kissing her neck.  "Stop. Children are present," Cami laughed.  "Vanessa, I don't know if I saw the ring. How did my brother do?" Klaus asked.  "Very nicely, I think. So you didn't know anything about this, Klaus?" Vanessa smiled.  "Nada. It's like he didn't trust me with a secret! It is beautiful. Welcome to the family, again. I mean, you already are in the family but now you can never escape us," Klaus jested.  "I would never try. Thank you, Klaus. The boys were very excited. I'm not sure they understand what married means, but they are psyched," Vanessa shared.  "Excuse me, ladies. I better go eat crow, I mean, talk to my little brother," Klaus muttered.  Klaus walked over and grabbed the frisbee mid-air. He redirected it back to the door.  Finn yelled, "Uncle Klaus, you cheated!"  "Sorry, lads!" Klaus laughed.  Henrik ran and tried to tackle him by pushing his legs. Klaus picked him up and spun him and then Finn. Penny ran up and stood there.  "Hi sweetheart, I need to talk to you," Klaus said.  "About what?" Penny asked suspiciously.  Klaus put the boys down and threw the frisbee to Sadie. Klaus crouched down, "Did you feed from Davina last night? It's okay, Penny, just tell me the truth and I won't get angry."  "Is that why she left? I didn't feed off of her. I don't know how to feed off of people. You said we weren't allowed to," Penny huffed.  "It's okay. Shh, I believe you. No, that's not why they left. It was business in New Orleans," Klaus said absentmindedly.  "You're lying!" Penny accused.  Klaus had been lying, but how the hell did Penny know that? "Excuse me?" Klaus said sharply.  "They didn't go back to New Orleans because of business. That is a lie! You said don't lie and then you lied," Penny growled.  Klaus was taken aback to be busted by his own daughter.  "Penny, I'm sorry. Can we talk about this later? I need to speak to Uncle Kol," Klaus said calmly.  "Liar, liar, pants on fire," Penny uttered harshly.  "You know, Penny, I am still your father. I don't know who you think you are talking to like that!" Klaus corrected.  Penny just glared at him more defiantly. "Sweetheart, can we not fight today? Hmm, I'm not having a particularly great day myself," Klaus said softening. "Can I go play?" Penny asked.  "Yes, go," Klaus said watching her a second.  Kol was getting the frisbee from the dog and throwing it back. The older boys yelled they were taking everyone in. Vanessa and Cami went in also. "Nik, I already told Elijah, you don't have to do this whole routine," Kol said lightly.  "Kol, could you listen a minute, please?" Klaus begged.  "I'm listening," Kol said.  "I'll never forgive myself for assuming you were guilty this morning. I mean it, I never should have assumed you'd just watch all the drunk teenagers, too. That was on me. I took advantage of you and then I didn't defend you when you needed me. I should have stopped Elijah yesterday," Klaus admitted.  "But you didn't. Just like with Mary-Alice Claire, I get it right in front of my girl. At least that time, I bloody was guilty. By the way, I actually did feed off her once. But Davina? Never. And like she said, we never had sex, ever. I promised Bex that, but I want the best for Davina. I want her to have a life, get married, have her own kids, get old with someone. I know she can't have that with me," Kol spat.  "Kol, I want you to be happy. You deserve it and so does Elijah. If you can't forgive me, I understand, but give him a chance. He will never do that again. Believe me, Freya made it both pretty clear to us that she is not afraid to ah, intervene if she thinks we're being unfair to you.  It's a pretty different perspective to be on the other end of that hairbrush. That should give you some satisfaction," Klaus retorted.  "It does. You deserved it, if not for this morning but for daggering me or biting me that time.  But Elijah never would take you to task like he did the rest of us, would he? Just because what? Father beat you and he felt bad," Kol scoffed.  Klaus felt ashamed, "Kol, I always thought I was getting the worse end of the bargain having to deal with guilt and regret rather than just get a thrashing and be done with it. But hell, until this morning, I don't think I realized how much it bloody just hurt. It hurts more as a vampire, doesn't it? Believe me, our sister had me crying like a baby and then..." "What? I'm sure it's something you did to me a hundred times," Kol smirked.  "She made me stand in the corner! I was afraid to defy her. The look on her face. Witches, I guess, they have always scared me a little. Kol, maybe all the centuries of me thinking I was immune from chastisement myself did make me impudent and impervious to your pain. If I have been presumptuous and too quick to judge, I am sorry for it now. I know I've only been humbled this one time, whereas Elijah and I have punished you many more times, but I swear that we did it more out of love than anger," Klaus professed. "There was some anger," Kol smiled.  Klaus agreed, "Yes, there was anger. If I could go back in time, I swear I would take back those times I hurt you. The time I bit you, the words spoken in rage, and the times I struck you when I should have talked to you, or hugged you...,"  "Nik, are you bloody crying? Jesus, you get one little smacking and now you're an emotional wreck. Come here," Kol laughed hugging him.  "It wasn't little. That woman is deceptively strong. I thought she did an anti-healing spell, but I don't think it took too well. Oh, bloody hell," Klaus said pulling away and getting out his handkerchief. He wiped away the tears that fell. He hadn't cried two in one day...since he was human. "Look, big brother, I know I have a way of getting under your skin and pushing you to snap. I don't try to do that, but sometimes it's like I can't stop my own smart mouth. Yes, there have been times I got the dagger or stick and didn't quite deserve it, but most of the time I did. Aye, getting a licking hurts, probably more as a vamp, but I would have rather taken that, than have you, Elijah, Bex, and even Marcellus vexed at me all the time. Let's just let it all go. Some of this happened a century ago. The thing I want now is to know who bit my girl. I really don't think it was Penny," Kol said moving on.  "Me, either," Klaus agreed.  Freya came out the back door, "Nik, Kol, it's lunch. Everyone is waiting. Hurry up!"  "She has the spoon in her hand, doesn't she?" Klaus trembled.  "She called you first! Go!" Kol pushed him.  "No, you go. You're her favorite!" Klaus chuckled.  "Boys! NOW!" Freya repeated.  Both ancient vampires vamped to lunch, but could not avoid Freya's hard wooden spoon cracking against the seats of their pants as they came in the door. "I called you two four times," Freya reprimanded. Freya was done playing.  
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, Virginia Monday, January 1, 2011New Year's DayLunch "What are you laughing at?" Jeremy asked Erik at the dining room table at lunch on New Year's.  "I thought I just saw Aunt Freya smack Dad and Uncle Kol with her spoon. Nah, she musta been just screwing with them," Erik mused.  "Ha, yeah, for sure," Jeremy agreed. His phone beeped and he grabbed it and looked down at his message.  "Matt, those chicks want us to meet them at the Grill today! Heather and Jamie," Jeremy whispered to Matt.  "Put your phone away at the table please, Jeremy, or I'm going to take it," Klaus warned walking over to his seat.  "Ah Dad, can we meet some friends at the Grill?" Jeremy asked.  "Is it even open today? It's a holiday," Cami wondered.  "I guess. We won't be gone long. Promise," Jeremy persisted.  "Your uncle and aunt just made this huge lunch!" Klaus countered.  "Oh Niklaus, let them go. It's no big thing," Elijah argued.  Klaus was surprised Elijah was pushing for them to go.  "Do you all clean your rooms?" Klaus pressed.  "Yeah, I mean, we can finish more when we get back," Matt added.  "Okay, but boys, I will hold you to that. Do you need money?" Klaus pressed.  "No, Dad, I still have the money you gave us for when we stayed at Ric and Jenna's. We're good. Guys, those girls will be there, they invited all of us. Erik, you can come, too," Jeremy said.  "Nah, thanks. I'm good here," Erik responded.  "Can we take the Porsche?" Tyler asked hopefully. All the adults responded with various forms of "no."  "Fine, Erik, you're staying? Okay, Matt, you drive...truck," Tyler said getting up.  "Sorry, Uncle Elijah! Aunt Freya! We'll eat it later," Jeremy apologized.  "It's fine, guys. Have fun," Freya said.  Klaus got up to see them out, "Gentleman, no speeding, no drinking, no smoking, answer your cell phones if I call, and..."Tyler grinned, "You forgot no drugs, no draining tourists, and be home by midnight." "I'm not sure Mystic Falls has tourists, but if you want to take an extra blood bag, you ahead. Be home before 8 pm. Love you and no drugs," Klaus said. Connor nodded, "I'll keep an eye on them. Thanks, Dad."  Back at the dining room table, Freya asked, "Why didn't you want to go, Erik?"  Erik shrugged, "I'm kinda tired. They are all older anyhow, those girls, too."  "Erik, how old are you?" Sean asked. "I just turned 14," Erik said shyly.  "And you were from Louisiana also?" Sean pressed.  "Yes, sir. We was living near Monroe, but I had kin in the Bayou and up here near Mystic Falls, too," Erik explained as everyone passed around the food. They had made pork with various sides.  "I was just in Monroe for a retreat a few months ago. This all looks wonderful, by the way. Do you always eat this this? You might have to roll me out the door," Sean laughed.  "Stop, Sean, you're as skinny as a rail!" Cami laughed.  Klaus added, "I do hope your Uncle Kieran can join you next time, Sean. You two are always welcome here. I'm just sorry that Marcellus, Rebekah, and Davina had to leave so suddenly." "Yes, I will put the pressure on Uncle K., he seems to get just as wrapped up in faction business as Marcel does. It's a full-time job," Sean added.  "As I'm sure your job is, tending to your flock. I would like to make a toast to a happy new year, may we continue to have good health and many blessings. And may all your troubles during the coming year be as short as your New Year's resolutions," Klaus said as everyone cheered.  Elijah laughed, "You got that off the internet didn't you."  "So what if I did? At least I know how to use it. Your iPad is still in the box," Klaus countered.  Kol raised his glass, "May I, Brother? Here's to doing and drinking, not sitting and thinking." Sean drained his glass, "I like that one!"  "So we had a very successful party last night. How about we just have left overs and do nothing tonight?" Freya suggested.  "I could live with that," Vanessa smiled.  Cami agreed, "Elijah, Freya, this is the best pork that I've ever had. Really, it's divine."  Klaus kissed her, "You are divine, luv."  "Klaus, I'm assuming my sister never told you about the time she threw out my teddy bear onto the interstate when I was three. I as still in therapy over that," Sean announced.  Penny grumbled, "That's not very nice." "No, it wasn't. Was it, Penny?" Sean agreed.  Klaus laughed, "Camille, I'm not sure we know enough about this dark side of yours. Sean, do tell more!"  After a long lunch where Finn and Henrik fed the dog under the table and Penny kept trying to kick Erik and then pretend like he was kicking her, Klaus, Elijah, and Kol said they would clean up.   Freya, Vanessa, Cami, Sean and Henrik and Finn went in the great room to make a fire and play board games. Cami yelled, "Kids, don't you want to join us? We can play a different game. Come on, it will be fun." "No thank you, ma'am. I'm going clean up the room," Erik said respectfully. He didn't feel like socializing. Penny didn't respond.  Erik and Penny headed up to their rooms.  "Penny, what do you remember about where you was before here?" Erik asked softly as they went up the stairs.  "Nothing too good. I was in a place with lots of people, like a hospital. It was a school too, I guess. Why?" Penny asked.  "I don't know. I was just wondering. Do you ever miss it?" Erik prodded.  "No! It was disgusting, but I miss my friends. I think they are all dead," Penny said sadly.  "How come?" Erik said as they got to the door to his room.  "Cause they got messed with, too. Shot up with poisons and stuff. Sometimes people got sick and died," Penny revealed.  "Oh, sorry. Ah, you want to come in. I was just gonna play Call of Duty," Erik said.  "Okay, I'll play," Penny said matter of factly.  "Okay," Erik agreed. He knew Finn and Henrik weren't allowed to play or watch them play violent games, but that was from Uncle Elijah. Klaus had never mentioned Penny not being allowed to play, so he figured it was okay. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Kitchen"Does the dog look sick to you?" Klaus asked looking closely at Sadie. "I hope the boys weren't feeding her again! She was sick all night the last time they did that," Elijah remarked.  Klaus took Sadie out the back on the leash.  "Just like Nik, he volunteers us to clean and then leaves," Kol joked.  "Par for the course," Elijah smiled.  "Elijah, that story you mentioned before about the pig sty...," Kol started.  "Yes, what about it, Brother," Elijah said putting a big pan in the sink and adding dish detergent.  "It made me remember something...I was supposed to clean that pig sty that day, wasn't I? I had told you that I would do it, so you could you to the village and buy something for Tatia. Then, I went looking for some herb for one of my spells and I lost track of time. You depended on me and I let you down and then you took the punishment for me. Why?" Kol asked quietly.  "Mother was livid. She was thrashed me starting outside and all the way in the house and believe me, if she found out about our little deal, we both would have gotten it again. Plus, Kol, if I was 15, you were what? Nine. I shouldn't have put that job on you. I didn't ask Niklaus because I knew he fancied Tatia also. So why would I tell Mother?" Elijah asked wiping his hands off on a towel.  Kol put the tupperware bowl he was holding down suddenly on the counter and hugged Elijah.  "Elijah, you always protected me, too. Even when I didn't deserve it and did stupid things. Of course, I forgive you," Kol acknowledged. Elijah pulled back, "Thank you. I don't ever want to forget what I did so I don't repeat it, but I promise you that I'll never jump to conclusions like that or hit you like that again. I would give anything to take it back."  "I know. We've all made mistakes. Look at me, I'm made plenty and some not so far in the past. You never rub my face in them after you 'deal' with them, Let's let this go," Kol said.  Klaus came in alone, "About time you two made up."  Kol looked at him, "It was like three hours."  "I know. I just don't like it when we fight," Klaus said.  "Me, either," Elijah admitted.  "Sadie is sick, isn't she?" Kol asked.  "She just threw up a bunch of pork," Klaus cringed.  "I'll talk to the boys-again. God, they love that damn dog, but they are going to love it to death at this rate," Elijah stated.  "I think she's okay now," Klaus clarified.  "So did we ever figure how what happened to Davina with the bite marks?" Elijah asked. Klaus answered, "I don't think it's Penny. She said she didn't know how to feed from a human and she was telling the truth."  Elijah went to talk to the boys about feeding the dog in the great room.  Kol added, "Davina said she had no memory of anyone feeding from her. I mean, have you have had someone sleep through that."  "Not unless they've been compelled or...drugged," Klaus recalled.  Freya came in, "Come on, we're starting the movie. Aren't you guys done yet?"  "Oh lord, you're not going to give me another hiding are you? I'm going to start stuffing newspapers down my bloody pants," Klaus joked.  "Stop it, or I will whack you. You know I love you so much," Freya smiled, kissing Klaus on the cheek and then hugging Kol.  "We love you, too, Freya," Kol said.  "I spent so many years alone with just that beast Dahlia that I never imagined that I would have this time with you. She always told me that...," Freya stopped overcome.  "What, luv? Tell me so we can murder her again," Klaus ordered.  "She told me that my family didn't want me. That they forgot I ever existed. Then, when I met Kol at Christmas in 1912, remember that, Kol? I asked you how many sibling you had. You told me that you had six and that ...your sister Freya and your brother Henrik were dead. I knew then that Dahlia was a liar. I knew that my family hadn't forgotten me like she told me," Freya cried. Klaus put his arm around her until she shooed him and Kol out of the kitchen so she could quickly finish up. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^The GrillJeremy, Matt, Tyler, and Connor got to the Grill quickly. Matt did not speed, but there were few other cars on the road. Tyler pressed, "So Connor, did you get laid last night or what? It's all a fucking blur. Like I went into the art studio with Care and we both passed out, she wasn't even drinking."  "Don't pregnant ladies get real tired?" Connor said dodging the question.  Matt agreed, "The last thing I remember is that Dana asking about Erik and then going over to you Connor. Do you remember that?" "Nah, I woke up and she was on the floor next to be, with her clothes all messed up. Y'all was gone and Marcel was like staring at me. It was not good," Connor admitted.  "Dude, is anyone gonna tell us what happened with Davina this morning? They left in an awful hurry," Matt added.  "All I know is that I don't think I had sex with that girl. I mean, if I did, I don't recall a damn thing," Connor revealed.  "Well, I'll be damned. Connor, isn't that your girl Dana there? Looks like she's waiting for you," Matt smirked.  The boys got out of the truck.  "You guys go in without me. I'll see what she wants," Connor said. "Fine, don't be long," Tyler said patting him on the arm. There was something about this Dana that made him uneasy.  "Hey, Connor, recovered from the party?" Dana said smiling innocently. Connor realized she was very young. This morning he had been so frazzled and out of it that he hadn't really noticed. She had green eyes and freckles, but didn't look much older than Penny. "Hi, ah Dana, how's it goin'? Yes, crazy party, huh?" Connor asked nervously.  "It was good, Connor. Can you wait out here with me while I have a smoke?" Dana giggled.  "Ah, sure. I guess," Connor said looking around. Dana took out a hand rolled cigarette and lit it. It had a floral smell.  "It that some kind of a joint?" Connor asked.  "No, just a clove cigarette. Want one?" Dana offered.  "Ah no, my dad would hit the roof," Connor cringed realizing how babyish that sounded.  "Do you always do exactly what your rich daddy says?" Dana smirked blowing smoke right into his face.  "No, of course not," Connor started to say as the smoke hit him. Dana grabbed Connor's arm. "You will follow me to my car and do as I say," Dana said slowly to Connor.  Connor followed Dana to her car. Tyler just happened to see Connor getting into Dana's car and got up to see what he was doing. He saw them drive off and looked at the other guys in disbelief.  Matt asked the girls, "What's with Dana? Why would she do that?"  They looked at each other in confusion, "Who's Dana?" Jeremy interjected, "Um, your friend. The one you brought to our house last night."  They had no idea what the boys were talking about. They hadn't brought anyone with them. Tyler yelled at the other guys to hurry, they decided to try to follow Dana's car. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Ugh, are those your brothers following us? So annoying. Can you tell them that you decided you want to take me back to your house? Call one of them," Dana said as she blew more smoke on him.  Connor called Matt and told him that they were on their way back to the mansion.  In the truck, Tyler said, "I'm calling dad. Something fucking weird is going on."  When Dana and Connor got to the Mikaelson mansion, the family was on full alert.  Dana took another puff and blew it, "Tell your family that we are going to go upstairs and hang out."  Connor came in through the front door with Dana. Klaus was waiting there with Freya. "Hi Son, what's going on?" Klaus asked casually.  "Nothing, Dad. We were gonna hang out upstairs," Connor said robotically. Freya interjected, "Connor, who is your friend here?"  "This is...," Connor started.  "I'm Dana, ma'am," Dana said. Freya reached out to shake her hand and Dana jerked back.  "Sorry, I don't like to be touched. You know, germs," Dana giggled. Klaus asked, "We you two smoking?"  Dana admitted, "Sorry, sir. I was. Connor didn't."  Klaus replied, "We don't allow smoking in this house."  "Yes, sir. I understand," Dana said emphatically.  "Have fun," Freya said watching as they went up the stairs.  Klaus and Freya crept to the kitchen.  Klaus said, "She's a vampire" as Freya said, "She's a witch."  "It's so rare," Klaus gasped.  "She wouldn't touch me. She knew I'd be able to feel it. Klaus, she's a siphon witch!" Freya said with alarm.  Kol came in the room, "What do you think she wants? Do you think she bit Davina?" "I don't know but she is probably using a smoke from Lobelia maybe mixed with wolfsbane and some other herbs to control Connor. Lobelia in small amounts can prevent a witch from being able to focus...I could smell it on them," Freya exclaimed.  Kol tried to remember what he knew of siphon witches.  "She wouldn't be able to use vervain if she is a vampire herself. But it's actually dangerous because she can siphon her own vampire magic. Wait a minute, if she somehow had Penny bite Davina, she could siphon the venom into an amulet to harness the magic. Let's get Connor away from her," Kol said vamping upstairs.  "They are not in here," Kol yelled.  Klaus growled, "I'll check Penny's room."  They found Penny and Dana talking excitedly. Erik and Connor looked on in shock. They had never seen Penny so happy.  Klaus burst in, "Hello sweetheart, what are you doing?""Dad, this is my friend Dana. We were prisoners together! She came to find me," Penny said.  "Dana, you were here last night. Why didn't you just reveal yourself then?" Klaus asked.  "Sorry, I panicked. I tricked those girls into believing I was their friend and tagged along. Then, I drugged the party with smoke. It wasn't working on everyone so I need to siphon some magic. I tried but some of the kids were human and I was afraid the other witch would sense me...I did a spell to make her go off with her boyfriend to try to get Connor. I didn't realize they were hybrids," Dana lamented.  "You couldn't siphon them?" Kol asked.  "No, I had to have Penny bite the witch and then siphon the magic from the venom. She doesn't remember because I was using the smoke. Sorry, Penny, but I was in a bad place. I ended up siphoning so much of my own magic that I passed out cold," Dana admitted.  "Dana, what are you doing here?" Freya asked.  "I wanted to get Penny to see if she could help me get into the vault. The Guerrera's told me that if I helped them, they would cure me. You know, their goal was to kill all of you Originals off, but then I would die as would all the other vampires working for them. They told us that they developed a cure," Dana shared.  Kol pressed, "A cure for what, luv?"  "A cure for vampirism. But the vault can only be opened by the blood of a Guerrera wolf and they are all dead now pretty much except for Penny and her brothers, I guess," Dana explained.  Klaus asked, "What do you want this cure for? And how do we know it works?"  Dana shared, "We've seen it work on vampires before. I wanted it for myself. Being a siphon vampire is a constant balance of trying not to draw too much power, consider that on top of the blood lust..." "So how would you open this vault?" Connor asked finally speaking up.  "I would need some of your blood and someone to siphon power from. It's dangerous I guess because the Guerreras liked to use booby traps, but it's worth it if I could be free from this curse. And even if I die, at least I got to see Penny again. We were in the same cell for years, like sister," Dana said smiling at Penny.  Penny came and let Dana hug her. Freya, Kol, and Klaus went out into the hallway and shut the door. Klaus said, "What do you think? Could we help this girl? Freya, you could train her. Kol, no one alive knows more about dark objects than you do. Penny seems to need her, but it's up to you two."  "We can't throw her out on the street. I'll need your help Kol, but I will be responsible for her magic," Freya promised.  Kol nodded, "I'll help. Siphon witches are usually shunned or killed by their own covens. They are extremely rare and powerful. She needs us."  "As long as she is no danger to the others, I am for it," Klaus said. They went back in the room.  Freya suggested, "Dana, what if we could teach you how to control your magic and vampirism? I'm sorry, but I think your plan is too dangerous. If you could learn to control it, could you stay a siphon vampire?"  "Control it? I mean, sure, but how? The herbs I use now are hit or miss. I've almost killed myself about three times like last week. My own family sold me to the Guerreras just because they were afraid of me and what I could do. Is it possible for someone to help me?" Dana asked.  Freya looked at Klaus and Kol and they nodded. Yes, she could do this. "Dana, if you'll let me, I could help you. It won't be easy, of course, but you could not only learn to live with it, you could be very powerful," Freya offered.  Kol stepped in,  "A siphon witch can get power from anything magical from dark objects to doppelgängers. I could help you create objects to store magic in. I think you will need that to protect yourself from yourself."  "Really? Thank you. Yes, I'd give it a try," Dana pledged.  "Great. We do have some rules here. The first one for you, young lady, is no more smoking. Is that going to be a problem?" Klaus asked.  "Ah, honestly, I have turned into a bit of a chain smoker. I've been trying to quit," Dana admitted.  "Dana, honey, how old are you really?" Freya asked.  "About 14," Dana answered.  "So 13?" Klaus pressed.  "Yeah, pretty much," Dana shrugged.  "Dana, where have you been staying?" Freya asked gently.  "My car," Dana gulped.  Kol smirked, "You stole a car and you're 13 year old chain smoking siphon vampire? Welcome to the bloody family."  Penny chirped, "Dana, can I have a ride?"  Klaus said, "Absolutely not. But Penny, you have yourself a new roommate, I suppose."  "Dana, are your clothes and things in your car? There is actually a washing machine and dryer in the closet here," Freya showed her.  "Okay, boys, let's let them get settled," Klaus said steering all of the guys out of the room.  "Dana, you won't ever leave again, will you?" Penny asked hopefully.  "Penny, I'll never leave you again. No matter what, I promise," Dana said.  Freya asked, "Come on downstairs and we'll get you something to eat."Dana cringed, "I really need a smoke. Can I go outside?" "Oh honey, I'm sorry but you are quitting cold turkey. Let me make you a tea that might help. I know it won't be easy, but promise me you will try," Freya said with sympathy.  "I will but I am really going to freak out from the cravings. Hope you don't mind dealing with moody, crabby people," Dana replied.  "I wouldn't have it any other way. Do you like pork?" Freya asked.  "Sorry, I'm a vegan," Dana explained.  "That's okay. We'll go shopping tomorrow," Freya assured her.  Freya realized that this was still only the first day of 2011 and the day wasn't over yet. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, Virginia Monday, January 1, 2011New Year's DayEvening, 9 pm Dana had to have a smoke, it wasn't like she really had a choice. If she didn't smoke, she would feel jittery and sick. It might have been more of a mental thing, since she was half vampire now, but she just needed it to function. "Can I smoke too, Dana?" Penny asked as they stood on the balcony.  "No way, Pen. You're too young and I'm trying to quit. So have you really been living in this mansion all these weeks?  The rug in there is so thick it's like walking on a cloud. I don't know, Penny...it's not like our old place, huh?" Dana said blowing out a stream of smoke.  "Dana, it's nice here. I have brothers now and I guess, two cousins, or three with Davina. They don't make me eat things I don't like and I get to paint! But I'm a vampire now, too," Penny added. "I tried to tell you what it was like. Remember that time, I drained that new orderly? I think that was like my first week. How do you feed here? I'm actually getting a little hungry," Dana mentioned.  "We get one blood bag a day. But we can hunt in the woods in the backyard and there is this other place we go, like by a lake," Penny shared.  "I don't mind feeding from animals, just as long as I get my blood. Your Aunt Freya and Uncle seem real nice. It's been a long time since I've been around other witches. Someday I'm going to find my family again," Dana said in the darkness.  "Do you miss them, Dana?" Penny wondered.  "No, silly, I'm going to kill them for getting rid of me. You know, just like they taught us how to kill. No hesitation," Dana boasted.  "My parents are dead now, too. I didn't know them, but Klaus is my dad now. He is getting married, so I will have a mom soon," Penny mentioned.  "An evil stepmother? That ain't good. What's he like anyway? The hybrid. He seems a little strict, but you can tell he likes you," Dana said, flicking her ash over the balcony. "My dad? He's nice to me, sometimes even when I'm kinda mean to him, he still, I don't know, takes it. He's not like that with the boys. I don't really get why they act so nice to me, even when they hardly knew me," Penny admitted.  "Pen, I told you this, you're beautiful and sweet looking. I think you could like, be a model or an actress. People eat that stuff up. You can get away with...murder, if you want to! Just kidding. I always thought they had something special planned for the both of us...The Correas," Dana grinned.  "Guerreras. Correa was a fake name. Dana, how did you survive when everyone else died?" Penny wondered.  "I don't know, Penny. Like a couple of weeks after you left, they told me I was getting placed in a home. I was put with this lady and then no one ever came for me. I think maybe they meant to trigger me or someone dropped the ball. The lady was human so I ended up just compelling her and living there until I heard about the wolf fight in the Bayou. I found out about you being alive and here I am," Dana shared.  "You didn't hurt any wolves, did you? You know they are still my people," Penny warned.  "Pen, since when do you care about wolves? I may have siphoned some, but they should heal right? I didn't try to kill any wolves, they are pretty tough fighters. This one girl almost bit me. I guess I could have tried to siphon the bite, but I wasn't 100% sure it would work," Dana said.  "Girls?" they heard from the balcony.  "Shit," Dana cursed tossing her cigarette off the balcony.  Klaus opened the sliding glass door.  "Just checking to see how you two are getting along," Klaus said. He could smell the smoke.  "Real good, sir. Can I have some blood, though? I haven't fed today," Dana inquired politely.  "Of course, luv. Penny, you start to get ready for bed. Dana, come down with me and we'll have a talk while we are downstairs," Klaus said lightly.  Klaus opened the door and let Dana and Penny go first.  "Dana, please feel free to let us know if you should require anything," Klaus emphasized.  "Thank you, sir. You've all been real kind. Penny and I go way back and I'm glad she found such a nice family," Dana confessed. Klaus turned and said, "Dana, you are welcome to join this family. But we do have some rather strict rules here. I have six children of my own and my brother has two younger boys. We cannot have chaos and anarchy, so those rule are enforced with consequences. I believe I asked you before to refrain from smoking." Dana found herself flushing, "I'm sorry but I am really addicted. I can't just stop like that." Klaus nodded, "How about we work on getting you to cut back. Could you go half for now?"  "Yeah, I could try that," Dana agreed.  "But please, no smoking in front of or around the other children," Klaus said. He opened the frig and let her choose a blood bag. "Thank you. Where can I smoke?" Dana asked.  "On your balcony is fine or out here on the patio will do. Hi Sadie," Klaus said petting the dog.  "I'm not good with animals," Dana said shyly. "She's very tame. Anyway, we have a strict bedtime of being in bed at 10 pm.  I expect all of the children to go to school. Now, Penny may have a tutor for a while longer. Have you have attended school?" Klaus asked. "Yeah, Penny and I both did when we were at the training center, as they called it," Dana said.  "Dana, I really don't know that much about Penny's past. Maybe, when you are more comfortable, you could fill me in on my daughter. She's been very reluctant to speak about it," Klaus admitted.  "Yes, I will," Dana agreed.  "Freya and Kol will handle all your magical training. They may have some different rules for you about that, but I think they would agree that you are not to swear, lie, steal, do drugs, fight, or be disrespectful when you are here. I will leave your discipline up to Freya and God help any of us who disobey us," Klaus smiled.  "She seems so sweet, though," Dana argued.  "She is, luv, as you do, but all the women in my life prove to be quite fierce," Klaus revealed. He then, paused as if he needed to say more.  "What is it, Mr. Mikaelson?" Dana asked.  "Please, call me Klaus. I must confess that I feel somewhat responsible for all you went through with the Guerreras. My family had a major war with them in the 1920s during Prohibition and it got...ugly. We thought we wiped them out, but we didn't. I am grateful because they gave us Connor, Erik, and Penelope, but all of the other suffering it caused is on me, on my family," Klaus shared.  "Sir, that hospital we was in, I mean, looking back, it was bad. But at the time, we didn't know no different. We had schooling, art and music classes, some sports, and training. Now, I see that they were experimenting on us, but some of those tests made us stronger. Look at me, my own family would have isolated me or locked me away themselves, the hospital at least, gave me the chance to meet Penny. We was real close, like real sisters. I know she thought I was dead or gone forever," Dana drifted off.  "I'm glad to hear it, I was afraid that Penny had been through worse. With you at her side, perhaps she can heal and get to know her brothers and thrive as she should have all along. The cure sounds tantalizing, I know. But in 1000 years, my family has never found a cure for vampirism, I doubt the Guerreras could have done so safely. I trust nothing connected to their evil legacy," Klaus spat.  Freya came out, "What are you still doing up? Dana, it's been a long day for you." Klaus cut in, "Dana is having some trouble with the no smoking rule. I suggested that maybe cutting back may help her at first. Ease into it."  Freya folded her arms, "Well, you can't be compelled to quit smoking since you are half witch. The teas and herbs may not help your vampire side.  Okay, let's give it a couple of days. Niklaus, can I steal Dana a moment? I wanted to see if she could siphon a little magic from me just as a reserve." "Of course, Sister. Good night, Dana. We'll get you more settled tomorrow," Klaus smiled. Klaus wondered if Dana could siphon him right now, with just a touch. If so, he could see why her own coven feared her. Siphon witches were the magical vampires of nature and they could take power where and when they wanted.  Klaus walked up the stairs about to check in on the boys. Was that smoke? Klaus vamped further down the hallway to Penny's room and burst in. "Penny, what is that-,?" Klaus started. To his horror, he saw Penny's bed on fire and her trying to stamp out the fire with a small pillow. He grabbed a heavier blanket and smothered the flames. He picked up Penny and whisked her out to the balcony. The room was smoky and the fire alarm was going off. Klaus opened the door the whole way to let it air out.  "Are you alright? Penny, look at me?" Klaus said.  "I was just...It started so fast!" Penny said in shock.  "It's okay. What happened?" Klaus said. "You're going to get mad," Penny moaned.  "Sweetheart, just tell me," Klaus demanded. "I just wanted to try it!" Penny added. "What?" Klaus pressed.  "A cigarette! Dana wouldn't let me have one. I tried to lit it and it caught on fire and it burnt me. I dropped it and then the bed started to burn," Penny admitted.  "Penelope, listen to me. You may be immortal, but fire can kill you just as easily as a wooden stake! You are not allowed to play with fire. And smoking? What were you thinking?" Klaus scolded.  Penny began to cry. The fire alarm finally went off. Elijah burst in the room with Tyler and Connor.  Klaus pulled Penny to him and hugged her, "Shh, you're fine. I didn't mean to yell at you. You're safe now."  "What happened?" Elijah asked looking at the bed.  "Uh-oh, someone was playing with matches," Tyler announced.  "Yes, the bed caught on fire. Penny got frightened. She was trying to put it out herself," Klaus explained. He released Penny from his embrace, but kept his hands on her shoulders.  Elijah frowned, "Penny, that's very dangerous. Are those cigarettes?"  Klaus said, "Yes, ah Dana, is trying to break her habit and Penny got curious. It's over now. Boys, go on now. Everything is fine."  Connor and Tyler went back to their room.  "Let me get rid of this," Elijah said removing the singed blankets and bedding.  Klaus saw the extent of the damage on the bed.  "Penny, you are not to play with the lighter or fire again, do you understand? Brother, do we have another comforter?" Klaus asked rubbing his temples. "Yes, I'll get one," Elijah offered.  "Penny, everything is alright. You know, it is natural to be curious about smoking, but it is a very bad habit. Dana is going to have to work hard to quit. This incident may bring highlight our need to talk to everyone about a safety plan," Klaus started.  Elijah came in with a new set of blankets. "You know, Henrik learned about that at school. We should practice what to do if there is a house fire. How to evacuate, get to safety and all that. We do have sufficient fire alarms, but maybe with so many children and mortals here, we need a sprinkle system," Elijah suggested.  "Yes, we can check with the security company this week. See Penny, you made a mistake, but maybe some good will come out of it. Can we trust you to let us know if you see lighters or matches around? That could be something dangerous for Finn and Henrik to be around, also," Klaus added patiently.  Penny nodded. Elijah made the bed and turned down the comforter for her to get in. Penny crawled in the bed. The room was cool now as the balcony door were still open. Elijah leaned over and kissed her, "Good night, dear. Fire is no friend to vampires, but we won't let anything happen to you."  "Thank you, Brother," Klaus said gratefully.  "Is Dana going to be in trouble?" Penny asked Klaus.  "No, I will hang on to her lighter and tobacco until she is able to quit completely. Penny, you do not play with matches. If there is a fire, you get to safety first and get an adult. Don't try to put it out yourself. I really don't want you to be afraid to get help because you are afraid to get in trouble, but...," Klaus trailed off.  "But what?" Penny asked in a small voice.  "Nothing, luv. Just be safe, okay?" Klaus said. He kissed her goodnight and waited until Dana came in. He filled Dana in on what happened.  "Dana, please give me your cigarettes and lighter. I will give them to you when needed. Two or three days grace is about all of this we can do. Now, come on, you are probably exhausted, too," Klaus said.  "I am, thanks," Dana smiled.  Klaus left them alone and went to check on the boys. He found them all up and still in holiday mode.  "Gentleman, it's 10:30. I told you that I want you back to bed at 10 again. None of you will be able to get up for school with this schedule you are all on," Klaus attested firmly.  "At least we didn't catch the house on fire!" Tyler laughed. Erik was also playing with Tyler and didn't say a word. Connor was in bed on his phone in his clothes.  "Hey, Mr. Smart Mouth, turn off the video games and get to bed now!" Klaus hollered. "Fine! Dad, you know we still have three days until school, right?" Tyler sassed back.  "I am aware. Tyler, if I have to say it again. I am unplugging it and taking all of your game controllers with me!" Klaus warned.  "Jesus Christ! Fine," Tyler growled back. Klaus was going to let it go until Tyler threw down the controller on the floor. Sadie was sleeping on the floor and it bounced near her and woke her up. Klaus grabbed him by the upper arm. "Stop, get dressed for bed, and then go to sleep. One more word and you and I are going to go talk in my study. Got it?" Klaus whispered in his ear.  "Dad! Yeah, I got it. Owww, my arm," Tyler whined dramatically rubbing his arm where Klaus had grabbed him. Klaus gave him a stern look and he stopped and started to change for bed.  "Erik, you almost ready? Good. Connor, off the phone or I'm going to take it. I also wanted to let you know that Dana is going to be staying here for the foreseeable future. She was with Penny in that institute that the Guerreras had her in. Dana is also a siphon witch and vampire. Without the training and assistance, Aunt Freya and Uncle Kol can provide, she could actually siphon herself to death. I hope that won't be a problem for any of you," Klaus stated.  Connor balked a little, "Ah, she tried to kidnap me. The last place I would want to go is to some Guerrera vault with that girl. Can we trust her? Especially with Penny? I mean, Penny ain't never started a fire before and here Dana gets here..."Klaus assured Connor, "Freya will keep a close eye on her. I do want you boys to be careful around her. She can siphon us at any time right now. Which makes me a little nervous myself, but just like you, I can't see abandoning her. She is a child and an orphan made by the Guerreras, too.""We'll watch her real close, Dad," Erik promised.  "Thank you, Son," Klaus smiled. He hugged him goodnight. Patted Connor on the head and then caught Tyler when he was coming out of the bathroom. Klaus knew Tyler was still miffed at being reprimanded by him. "Son, I love you," Klaus said, but Tyler just nodded and turned away.  It crossed Klaus' mind to just let him go, but he didn't want them to go to bed angry with each other. "Tyler, please," Klaus said. Tyler exhaled and turned and let Klaus embrace him, after that it was impossible for him to still be mad at his dad. "I'm getting you up early tomorrow," Klaus warned. He checked on Matt and Jeremy next. He told them about Dana. They were under less danger from her, as she could not siphon them. However, just like any regular witch, she could perform spells.  "Okay, now to bed with your two, also. I'm getting everyone up early tomorrow," Klaus repeated.  "Is this the whole 'get back on a school schedule thing'? Yeah, Dad, that never works," Jeremy protested.  "Well, you all shall wake up for school the early way on Thursday or the hard way, but you shall wake up," Klaus shared.  "This sucks!" Matt groaned.  "You know I don't like that word, Matthew," Klaus reminded him.  "I know, sorry. I just don't want to go back," Matt complained.  "You'll be fine," Klaus said, He kissed them back on the foreheads and told them he loved them. His foot hit something on the floor and he went to see what it was. It was an old wooden box.  "What's this?" Klaus said picking it up.  "Nothing!" Jeremy hissed grabbing it.  "Jeremy, show me what it is right now." Klaus ordered.  Jeremy opened the book to reveal an old book.  "It's my ancestor Jonathon Gilbert's journal, or one of them anyway. Technically, it is my property," Jeremy added.  "How did you obtain this property, Son?" Klaus asked.  Jeremy flushed, "I stole it from Uncle Alaric's desk at school."  "You what?" Klaus said.  "Dad, I didn't mean to, but I think this is what my Uncle John had been looking for. There is something in this journal, some secret that goes back to the founding. There is something still hidden in Mystic Falls and I wanted to find out what it was," Jeremy mumbled.  "So you stole from your own uncle?" Klaus questioned.  "It was from a box of historical stuff from Founder's Hall. There's a lot in there about a cave, I think it all has to do with this cave and what is in it," Jeremy concluded.  "I will take this for now. We will call Ric tomorrow and sort this out. Until then, hand over your phone and iPad, you are grounded," Klaus said.  Jeremy wanted to argue, but knew what would happen if he did. He really struggled to keep his mouth shut and give his dad his devices. Klaus said, "I appreciate you not arguing with me. We'll talk about this tomorrow. I love you. Now, go to sleep."
  
    Chapter Text
    If you do not wish to be prone to anger, do not feed the habit; give it nothing which may tend to its increase.— EpictetusMystic Falls, Virginia Monday, January 1, 2011New Year's DayLate EveningKlaus stalked into the bedroom holding the journal box, Jeremy's iPad, and Jeremy's phone.  "I was going to send a search party after you," Cami laughed, "What's all this?" Cami was in Klaus' bed waiting with a bottle of red wine that was almost empty. "So, Penny started a fire in her room with Dana's lighter and cigarettes. Apparently, Dana can't stop chain smoking just yet. Tyler, who is going to be the father of twins in a few months, threw a gaming controller on the floor when I told him to go to bed and almost hit the dog...Oh, and this is a journal that Jeremy stole from Ric at school," Klaus groaned.  "Oh, you poor thing! A fire? And here I was drinking wine in your giant marble bathtub. Never tell me how much that cost because I think it's more than my condo..But anyway, here, lay down. Let me take care of you now. Here, put this stuff down," Cami said in a soothing tone.  Klaus followed her directions. She got him on the bed and tried to rub the tension out of his shoulders.  "Is everyone all right?" Cami asked.  "I believe so, at the moment. Though tomorrow, we need to call security about fire safety and I need to call Ric about this Jeremy incident," Klaus shared.  "How's that? Too hard?" Cami purred.  "No, luv, it's perfect. My empress is also an accomplished masseuse. I am the luckiest man alive...Though, I am perhaps not completely alive, but I am very lucky by any metric. Oh Cami, how can I convince you to stay?" Klaus asked softly. Cami laughed, "If it wasn't for my patients, I would be here in a second, Klaus. My brother is leaving tomorrow. He's begged me to fly with him and see Uncle Kieran, would that be okay with you?"  "Of course, Camille. Just allow me to arrange a private jet," Klaus said gasping as she pressed into a knot of tension in his back.  "Stop! Sean already bought me the ticket, but thank you. You are too generous. Do you want to talk about the kids?  You actually haven't said much about Tyler's situation lately," Cami prodded.  "Well, they decided they want to keep and raise the babies. Of course, they are too young to marry. Elijah suggested they could even live on the third floor here or the guest house. We'd hire them a nanny, hell, maybe two. They still have another year of high school, but Caroline's mother wants her to live there, of course," Klaus noted.  "Sounds like a plan.  Vast wealth does have it's perks. I mean most people are just scrapping by to make ends mean and hardly have time to see their kids, no less, get to spend quality time with them. They are lucky in that regard," Cami replied.  "I just don't want Tyler living away from me.  I know it sounds selfish, but with him being a hybrid, he is even stronger and faster than he was as a wolf. I fear that without a firm hand, he would grow unruly and aggressive. I am trying to teach him to control his emotions, but this is still all very new to him, then add being a teenage dad!" Klaus revealed.  "Oh yeah, I see what you mean. Tell me about Penny and Dana," Cami prompted.  "Dana is a very rare siphon witch vampire hybrid. Witches fear nothing more than siphons because they can steal magic from other witches, but when Dana became a vampire, she could get magic from any source of magic, including herself. She and Penny grew up in that Guerrera training institute and Dana wanted to open some secret vault to find, it's a little silly, the cure for vampirism," Klaus laughed.  "What? Why are you laughing?" Cami asked still kneeling his back.  "Because it's probably some Guerrera ruse? There is no cure for vampirism that I know of. So Freya and Kol pledged to help the girl harness her siphoning to protect her from herself. But she's a chainsmoker and Penny tried to experiment and...," Klaus paused.  "What did she do, Klaus?" Cami said chopping him on the back.  "That's good! Do that harder. Um, she caught the bed on fire trying to smoke one of Dana's cigarettes. She's fine. I shouted at her a bit and she started crying. Poor child. I suppose I was too hard on her," Klaus admitted guiltily.  "Niklaus Mikaelson, don't you dare feel guilty for raising your voice at her for almost burning herself alive. My word, I am starting to think that she has you wrapped around her little finger! Are you really telling me she didn't know it was wrong to try to smoke a cigarette?" Cami asked him skeptically.  "Well, she seemed very sorry about it," Klaus defended.  "Hmm, did you give her any consequences?" Cami inquired.  "Oh Camille, she was crying and in shock. I mean..., I just told her not to do it again and to be safe. If that was one of the boys, I probably would have given them a proper hiding right there. What am I going to do?" Klaus wondered.  "Klaus, I'm not trying to make you second guess yourself, but sometimes kids get a fascination with fire and will play with it again for fun...Other times, kids do things for attention.  I don't think it would be wrong for you to tell her that if she repeats the bad behavior there will be a consequence. I would hate to take her painting after from her, but you could tell her no tv or no iPad as a threat," Cami said finishing the massage.  "And if she still doesn't listen, smash the bloody tv? I am afraid she is testing me to see how far she can go," Klaus griped.  "All kids are different, but you are treating this one with kid gloves. I'm afraid she might be playing her dad to see if you will actually discipline her," Cami teased.  Klaus rolled over and kissed Cami."You're right, luv. I suppose I learned with the boys that if I let their behavior slip, they just act out more until they end up earning a worse punishment," Klaus admitted.  "Testing limits is normal. They need to feel secure and they actually want boundaries, to know how far they can go, in a sense. It's like when you tell them to go to bed at say 9, but you let them stay up until 9:15 one time. The next night they may try for 9:30, because you already didn't enforce the limit, you know?" Cami asked.  "Yes, that makes sense. We never thought of things like this with Marcel, it was do as we say, or else. We lived in New Orleans and no one questioned that children should blindly obey their parents, wives their husbands, men, their religion, perhaps.  Of course, that was a time when people had to wear lifts because the streets were piled so high with horse shit that if you didn't, you could barely walk. Then, on top of that, when you'd been riding in a carriage, sometimes the bloody horse would drop dead right in the street. They were too big and heavy to move and so they would rot, bloat, and sometimes explode," Klaus offered.  Cami laughed in horror, "Stop! Why did horses explode? What are you talking about?"  "Oh, sorry, luv. The horses that used to draw carriages would at times just die from natural causes, and then rot where they fell in the city and then the gasses in their abdomen would cause them to literally explode if they weren't carted away fast enough, especially in the heat. Aye, it was awful, even then," Klaus recalled.  "Yeah! Sounds like it. Okay, drink more wine. You're still tense," Cami ordered.  "I've never thought so much about feelings before. But through you, I can see now how better the world could become if people can learn to communicate and care from a young age. My anger used to fuel me through centuries of running from Mikael and battling enemies all over the world, but the enemy I could never conquer was me. I was holding onto that rage because I thought if I let go of it, there would be nothing left of me worth having. But now, I see that my anger was an excuse to not feel, to not deal with my feelings. I don't want my children to feel the rage and resentment I felt toward my parents toward me, so thank you for helping me do better," Klaus said softly.  "You're still worried, though," Cami smiled.  "About Jeremy, stealing from his own uncle. He can't seem to stay away from all this Mystic Falls town nonsense. The deeper he digs, the more skeletons he is going to find. Oh luv, I will deal with that tomorrow. For right now, I'm only focused on you. Let's go to bed," Klaus said and Cami agreed. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic Falls, Virginia Tuesday, January 2, 20113 amJeremy lay awake in the dark, tossing and turning.  "Jer, you still up, man?" Matt called from his bed.  "Yeah, I can't sleep," Jeremy admitted.  Matt turned on his bedside lamp.  "Dude, why did you steal that journal? I thought you were putting all that stuff aside. You know, everything with the Augustines, hunting, and all that crap," Matt said quietly.  "Matt, I didn't mean to take it. I went to drop something off in Uncle Ric's room and it was on his desk in a box. I mean, I saw my last night and picked it up. I told myself I would tell Uncle Ric I borrowed it, but I guess that was a lie. Now, I feel like a...just horrible. Like a thief and a liar," Jeremy confessed.  "I'm a little surprised Dad didn't start smacking your butt right here. I mean, you were smart not to argue, but between him and Uncle Ric, you're going to be sitting on a pillow tomorrow night for dinner," Matt joked.  Jeremy's face colored, "I almost wish he had just done it. Now it's like I have to wait for Dad and Uncle Ric to yell at me and then, you know, just spank me." "Maybe he'll just keep your phone and make you apologize to Uncle Ric?" Matt offered.  "He doesn't need to make me...I just wish they would stop treating me like a little kid who can't help protect the town. Jonathon Gilbert wasn't much older than us when he made the Gilbert device himself. He was just trying to protect humans from what they saw as monsters. I mean, look at Dana, even the vampires can't protect against her and that freaks them out. Don't humans have a right to some protection? Besides vervain?" Jeremy spat.  The door opened. "What are you two doing up? It's 3: 15," Elijah scolded.  Jeremy balked, "I got in trouble with Dad and he told me we'd talk about it tomorrow." Elijah understood,"Jeremy, what happened? I only knew you were up because Henrik had a nightmare and I saw the light under the door." "I took a journal from Ric's stuff at school home to read and dad found it in here. Uncle Elijah, I was going to return it! Dad took my cell phone and iPad and grounded me until further notice," Jeremy muttered.  "And you feel bad now?" Elijah said sitting on the bed.  Jeremy nodded,"Uncle Elijah, I'm not trying to be a baby but Erik, Connor, and Penny get here and stay. Fine. Then, they become hybrids and all that other stuff happens. Now, this Dana witch is here and Cami. Matt and I are just human. Sometimes I just I feel left out, like not important anymore," Jeremy moped.  Elijah looked at Matt, "Do you feel that way, too? Matt, it's okay to tell me if you do?"  Matt shrugged, "For me, honestly, I'm not used to getting that much attention at home so I'm okay. Jer, Dad has been busier, but isn't good to see him happy with Cami?"  Jeremy wiped away the start of some tears.  "Yeah, you guys weren't even here, though, in the beginning. It was just the two of us and well, that maid Nicole. Sometimes I guess I miss that," Jeremy cried.  Elijah sat on his bed and put his arm around him. "You know that was a special time for you when you had 100% of your father's attention. No one can take that time away from you. It does get hectic around here with so many people. Your father didn't mean to make you feel like he isn't there for you. But you boys are getting older. Sometimes we try to pull back and let you guys do things on your own and give you more freedom. That doesn't mean anyone is trying to ignore you or let things go," Elijah said pulling him tighter.  Jeremy wiped his face and nodded. "Thanks. Sorry to whine about this. I know those other kids don't have any other place to go. If you think about it Tyler could go back with his mom, I could go with Jenna, and Matt's parents are still out there. They don't have parents," Jeremy affirmed.  "Your father would never see any of you leave his side unless it was to go to a university or job. I know my brother and he loves you three always and forever. Just as I do," Elijah let go of Jeremy and kissed Matt on the forever.  "Night, Uncle Elijah," Matt said laying back into his bed as Elijah flipped the covers over him.  "Goodnight. Things will settle down, boys. You'll see," Elijah said.Jeremy did feel better because he knew he father did love him and would never let him go. "I guess I was being dumb," Jeremy admitted in the darkness.  Matt agreed, "Yeah, Jer, just cause Dad didn't bust your butt tonight doesn't mean he doesn't care anymore. I mean, sleep on your back now while you can. Or hell, you might have to write an essay or something worse." Jeremy groaned, "That really makes me feel better..." Matt laughed, "You were a bad boy, Jer! Ric is going to stare into your soul until you confess it all. Forget about feeling better."  They finally fell asleep after this. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic Falls, Virginia Tuesday, January 2, 2011MorningCami and Sean left early for their flight back to New Orleans. Marcel had asked Cami if she would talk to Davina while she was down there. She agree. Elijah made Belgium waffles and pancakes and Klaus woke up all of the kids at about 9am. They were groggy.  "Come on, luvs. Get up, your uncle made a nice breakfast. Then, you are actually going to clean up this room today, for real," Klaus said in Connor, Erik, and Tyler's room.  "Dad, I was supposed to go over Care's house to um, work on a project," Tyler said.  "For what class?" Klaus asked,  "Ah, history," Tyler responded.  "I'm seeing Ric today. I'm sure he can fill me in more about that," Klaus added.  "Well, it's early. We were going to work on it early to get a head start," Tyler explained lamely.  "Tyler, let me make this clear, you are grounded until this room is clean to my satisfaction. The bathroom, too. I'm done nagging you. You will march back with to this room after breakfast and clean until the job is done, understood?" Klaus asked firmly.  Tyler wanted to say that it just wasn't his mess, but as he looked around, he realized that it was.  "After I clean, can I go? I mean, if it's done to your 'satisfaction'?" Tyler snapped.  "Yes, you may. However, I am warning you that your attitude is sorely testing my patience right now," Klaus warned.  "Dad, can we go hunting tonight?" Erik asked putting on a wrinkled shirt.  "Yes, that's an idea. Erik, throw that in the dirty laundry and get a clean shirt please. By the way, your Uncle Kol took Sadie with him to the park with the younger boys this morning. He was going to wake you, but I told him I would let you know. Is that okay?" Klaus asked Erik as he changed again.  "Yes, sir. That's fine. Sadie seems to like them kids more than anybody now.  I reckon, she's as much theirs as mine now," Erik smiled.  "That's very kind of you to say so, Son. Thank you that shirt is much better. The contractor is coming next week about building some bigger closets in here. Actually, we might be adding in sprinklers and some other safety features," Klaus said looking at the ceiling at the fire alarms.  "Tyler, watch it, man!" Connor growled as Tyler roughly brushed past him on his way out of the room. Klaus watched and then called Connor's name. Erik followed Tyler downstairs.  "What's going on with him?" Klaus asked.  "I think Caroline is puttin' some pressure on him. I think she wants him to live with her, you know, after their babies are borned. He told her he don't want to, but her ma don't want her living here. I guess thinking she aint' going know what she's gettin' into. He's been kind of a dick," Connor admitted.  "Thank you for letting me know, Connor. How is everything with you and Penny and Erik?" Klaus asked softly.  "Good with Erik, but Penny? She still don't want nothing to do with me. Dad, she is pretty hard to get along with," Connor insisted.  Klaus nodded, "I know, Son. Thank you for trying.  I appreciate how much you do to keep the peace around here. Please don't think that I don't notice, I do."  Connor's neck grew hot at the compliment. He wasn't used to being told good things about himself. Not many kids in juvie were, he wasn't sure how to respond.  "It's okay, you don't need to say anything. Come on, time for breakfast. Elijah told me that the last person to arrive has to clean up," Klaus smiled and they vamped to the dining room. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Vanessa and Elijah had some time alone when Kol took the boys with him to walk the dog. They talked about maybe going away to get married or possibly getting married at the house. They really couldn't decide on what they wanted to do as there were pros and cons to both. They did agree that sooner was better than later.  Freya found Dana and Penny awake and watching tv in their room. "How'd you sleep, girls?" Freya asked. The room still smelled a little like smoke.  "Good, I guess," Dana smiled. She needed blood and a smoke. Freya had let her siphon some magic last night, she was hoping she could try to do that again today. She had never felt so much magic in one witch before. "Pancakes, today?" Penny asked.  "Yep, and waffles. Get dressed and brush your teeth. I'll help you with your hair," Freya said making the bed.  "Freya, I can do that now. You do an awful lot around here, don't you?" Dana noticed. "Honey, we all do. My brothers had hired a series of housekeepers, but none of them...worked out. In a house and family this size, everyone needs to pitch in or it piles up quickly. What's nice about this room is you have your own washer and dryer in this closet unit...and here's the rotating shoe closet that everyone is obsessed with," Freya shared.  "Hot damn! This is amazing. I mean, I have no idea how to use the shower with all those buttons, but this is all really cool. Is your brother like super rich?" Dana enthused seeing the shoe closet.  "Hey, let's watch the language, please. I'll show you how to use the shower. This room was designed for my younger sister Rebekah and she is pretty extravagant herself, but now she is in New Orleans for a while," Freya declared.  "Wow, sorry, I'm just not used to all this. Where Penny and I lived was okay, but pretty basic. Hey, I'm not trying to be a pain but I really need some blood and a smoke," Dana reminded Freya. Dana's red hair was longer than Freya realized. Dana had let it down and it was half way down her back.  "Sure, let's go to the kitchen and get you a blood bag and you can smoke on the patio. Penny, are you brushing in there?" Freya called. Penny would often just wet her toothbrush and feign brushing unless Freya watched her, but Freya could tell Dana was getting anxious. "I'm done," Penny said. She had tried to put her own hair back in a clip. It was a mess, but Freya liked the initiative. "There you go! All ready by yourself," Freya smiled.  "Shut up, Aunt Freya! I always get ready by myself," Penny shot out. The smile froze on Freya's face. It took everything in her not to react. She didn't know if Penny was showing up for Dana or lashing out, but she was hurt. She had spent a lot of time and effort taking care of the little girl and had always modeled kindness and civility.  Dana's mouth popped open as she had never seen Penny be this rude since she came to the house. Freya just said evenly, "Let's go. Last one to breakfast has to clean up." Dana's eyes were wide and Freya just shook her head to Dana to let it go.  Freya took care of Dana and made sure she was settled in at the table.  Klaus said to Jeremy at the other end of the table, "Ric is coming and he is bringing something for you." Matt elbowed Jeremy, "Is it an historic relic for Jeremy, Dad?"  Klaus nodded, "I believe it is actually. What's so funny?"  Matt laughed more as Jeremy grew pale thinking about the school paddle and the Jokari paddle that Alaric had found in the dusty storage units of Mystic Falls High School.  Klaus realized what he was concerned about, he should let him worry, but he didn't have the heart.  "No, it's a different kind of relic, gentleman. Nothing like that," Klaus smiled. Jeremy exhaled, he was dreading facing Ric, but he also wanted to make his case that he had a right to help with the town history.  Elijah noticed Freya's silence, "Sister, what's wrong? You aren't ill are you?"  Freya smiled, "I'm fine. Thank you, just tired."  Dana looked at Penny who was dumping an entire bottle of maple syrup on her pancakes in oblivion. She loved Penny, but not when she was being a horrible brat. "Penny told her to shut up!" Dana blurted. The whole table got silent.  Klaus put down his fork with a clank, and gasped, "She what?"  "Penny told Freya to shut up when she told Penny she did a good job," Dana added.  "Penelope, is this true?" Klaus thundered.  "Klaus, just let it go. We can talk about it later," Freya said glaring a little at Dana. Freya had wanted Penny to realize the error of her ways on her own. Plus, Freya was a little embarrassed that a child she had nurtured and cared for so tenderly had disrespected her like that. "Penny, you best answer me, right now!" Klaus said sternly in a lower voice.  "She acted like I never get ready myself before! I'm not a baby!" Penny growled with no remorse.  Klaus looked at the hurt on his sister's face and got up.  "Please excuse us, we'll be back when Penelope can learn some respect," Klaus promised.  Klaus went to Penny's chair and pulled it back carefully. Penny went as if to stab him with her fork.  "You really think a fork is going to hurt me?" Klaus said. Penny dropped the fork and let Klaus pick her up. When she realized he was taking her to the kitchen, she began to squirm and kick.  Klaus had truly had enough. He was angry and hurt for his sister. With Penny still throwing a fit, Klaus went to the drawer and took out the paddleball paddle and took Penny to Freya's room.  Penny was spitting mad. She spit on Klaus several times and actually did bite him twice.  "You son of a...dick. Let me go! I hate you! I will kill you!," Penny screamed in her rage.  Klaus went into Freya's room and shut the door.  He put Penny on the bed where she immediately rolled off and began to attack him. Klaus sat on the bed and put the paddle down to his right. He took at deep breath and grabbed Penny's hands.  "Penny, stop, please," Klaus said calmly.  "No, I hate you. I hate all of you," Penny shouted.  "Penny, I love you very much. I don't like how you are behaving right now, but I know you are afraid and angry. Can you listen to me?" Klaus said in a low voice. He wanted to lower his voice so she would have to stop yelling to hear him.  "Go to hell. This isn't fair. Dana is jealous. She's lying," Penny yelled. "You are getting a spanking whether you want one or not. First, you're going in the corner until we can both calm down a little more. I'm going to put you over my knee and paddle you. Then, you are going to tell your aunt that you are sorry. You will never talk to her like that again. Finally, it will be over and you will be forgiven and we don't have to talk about it again. Do you understand?" Klaus asked slowly.  Penny said, "I don't want a spanking. It slipped out. I said worse stuff before and no one said anything."  "Sweetheart, I see now that I have been spoiling you rotten. Forgive me, but that ends right now. You ever speak to anyone like that and you will be over my knee again. I don't care where we are or how old you are, you are going to learn some manners," Klaus promised.  Penny began to wail when she realized Klaus was serious. She fought him as he tried to led her to the corner. She was wearing a long sleeved t-shirt and black sweat pants. "If I have to spank you for not going into the corner, it's not going to count towards the spanking you have coming for disrespecting your aunt," Klaus warned.  Penny continued to fight him until he gave her the first smack. Crack! Penny's eyes opened wild and she screamed and began hitting Klaus a new.  He barely felt it. Klaus didn't think she even felt it over her pants, so he popped her slightly harder twice. Smack! Smack! "Stop!" Penny screamed.  "Go stand in the corner!" Klaus said pulling her into the space he made by moving a plant. "I don't want to," Penny cried. Penny's dark, almost black hair, had fallen out of it's clip. Her white skin was flushed with anger and her blue eyes flashed with rage. Her little foot stomped in defiance and her lip curled up in a scowl.  Klaus could not believe this power struggle he was getting into. "Shhh, come on," Klaus said arranging her posture to face the corner. Penny was rubbing her backside frantically.  "No rubbing. Hands at your side," Klaus ordered.  Crack! Crack! He had to popped her upper thighs twice before she moved her hands. He left her there a moment and went to go splash some water on his face. Klaus wasn't sure he could do this, but he had to. He wished Cami was here but at the same time, he had to rely on his own instincts. They had kept him alive and semi-sane for ten centuries after all.  "Face the corner please, Penny," Klaus reminded her as he saw her turning. Her behavior was out of control, the fire last night, the abuse she spewed at everyone, he wondered what else she had done that he didn't know about.  If she were human, Klaus would just use his hand, but she wasn't human. Penny would heal quickly. He was reluctant to bare her to apply the salve that would slow her healing. After all, this was only her first spanking. If he could just make an impression and get her to apologize to Freya, he'd consider that a win.  "Okay, Penny, it's time. Come over here," Klaus said firmly. Penny didn't move from the corner.  Klaus walked over and held her gently by the arm. Klaus' own green eyes were flashing now with determination. He had to draw the line somewhere.  "It's going to sting and then it will be over.  I won't take down your pants this time, but if I have to paddle you again for the same thing, it will be on your bare bottom and I'll use the cream to slow your rapid healing, do you understand?" Klaus asked.  "Yeahhh, Daddd," Penny moaned stomping and kicking. Klaus sat on the bed and pulled her over his lap as she struggled wildly.  "Give me your hands. I'm going to hold them back here so you don't reach back," Klaus said grabbing her wrists with his left hands.Klaus began to swat Penny's behind randomly as she kicked and growled. Klaus was smacking all over and not all that hard. He didn't feel like he was getting through to her and began spanking harder and faster.  Penny cried in anger and felt a mild heat, but she was angry at the fact that she was getting a spanking. She had figured that she was immune and not in danger of getting one like all of her brothers and cousins. With his right hand, Klaus picked up the wooden paddle and tapped it on her squirming backside. The surface of the paddle covered her whole bottom."Settle down. Are you ready?" Klaus asked patting more firmly. Pat. pat. pat. POP! Klaus brought the paddle down hard in the center of her backside. Pop! With the second swat, Penny felt a sting. Over her pants and underwear, it was not severe or intense.Pop! Pop!Pop!Pop!Now Penny was starting to feel a little heat and burning. She shifted and tried to move her bottom out of the way. Pop! Pop! Pop!POP! Klaus whacked her a lot more firmer with the 10th swat. "Ouch! That hurts," Penny finally cried out."You will learn not to attack, curse, and defy your family, little girl," Klaus said. The little round paddle finally started to be felt around swats fifteen and up. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!Klaus kept paddling as he saw that she still wasn't reacting too much. He gave her another five swats and paused, rubbing the paddle over the seat of her pants. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!"Are you ready to say you are so to Freya?" Klaus asked. Penny cursed and yelled out that she hadn't done anything wrong.Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!"Penny, I don't want to keep paddling you. You know Freya loves you and would do anything for you. Why were you so cruel to her?" Klaus asked. "I d-don't k-know," Penny blurted. Klaus heard a knock. 
"Come in," he called as Penny jerked and tried to swim off his knee. He assumed it was his sister. It was. Freya looked upset, "Oh my, Penny. I hate to see you like this. I am assuming that you are giving your father a hard time. Klaus, do you want me to help?" "Yes, sister. I don't seem to be making an impression," Klaus admitted. Freya nodded. She grabbed a glass bottle of salve and put it on her bedside. She sat down. "I'm going to give a paddling now, young lady. Only I am going to swat your bare bottom and see if that gets through to you," Freya said indicating to Klaus to stand her up.  Freya looked Penny in the eyes until Penny covered up her face with her hands. Freya used this moment to slip down her pants and underwear. She turned Penny to Klaus to show him that her backside was barely pink. The thick sweats and underwear combined with her hybrid nature did not make this an effective spanking.  "Daddy is going to hold your hands as I do the salve," Freya said firmly. Freya pulled Penny over her lap and Klaus held her wrists in front of her. Freya applied the salve to her bare bottom as she thrashed and kicked. Freya was able to touch the salve with no problem as vervain and wolfsbane did not affect her.  "Stop it!" Freya reprimanded with a solid crack. Swat.  Penny wailed at the real pain she got from that one smack. That one actually hurt. Not like the play pats she had gotten before.   Freya pressed the paddle to Penny's bottom as Penny screamed she didn't want to be spanked. Freya looked at Klaus and brought the paddle down with that loud popping sound. POP! Penny shrieked and kicked violently. Pop! Pop! Pop! POP! POP! POP! POP!Freya waiting at least five seconds in between swats before landing the next lick.  Freya held the paddle out to Klaus. She really thought he needed to end the punishment to let Penny know that if she kept misbehaving, her father would not be afraid to give her a paddling.  "Penny, your daddy is going to give you the rest of the spanking. I want you to think of all the way you need to start behaving better. I'm going to ask you to give me three ways and if you can't answer, you getting another spanking tonight before bed," Freya warned sternly. Freya transferred a sobbing Penny with a now pink bottom to Klaus, he took the paddle and with a light flick of his risk swatted her sit spots and then the center of her checks. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Penny kicked and brought her hands back to cover her stinging cheeks. "Tell me how you are going to start behaving," Freya demanded.  "No m-meanness sooo be nnniceer, listen when I am t-told to d-do something, and nnooo mmore playing with f-fire. S-sorrrry," Penny sobbed. "I love you, Penny. Now tell Aunt Freya you are sorry for what you did and I'll finish paddling your behind," Klaus promised.  "S-sorry I said shut up, I didn't m-mean it. I won't do it again," Penny swore. "Good, almost done!" Klaus said and gave her five more pops right on the center of her behind. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Now, her behind was red and shiny. With the salve, she would still heal, just not as fast.  "Okay, luv, all done. All forgiven," Klaus said patting her back and putting the paddle on the bed.  Penny was crying still, but Klaus helped her up. With her pants still down, Freya hugged her. Penny resisted at first and then gave in and accepted the comfort. Freya peeled her pants and underwear off. Klaus then pulled her into his lap and cuddled her.  "We love you and it hurts us to do that. But no more naughtiness. I'm not saying you are getting spanked for everything, but if other punishments don't work, you can expect that same treatment," Klaus warned.  "No more," Penny whined.  "Penny, Aunt Freya is going to give you a bath and get that salve off your bottom. It will sting, but that will also allow you to heal at your normal rate. Maybe Daddy will get your soft p.j.s and you can take a nap in here afterwards?" Freya suggested.  "I will get them," Klaus smiled. He stood and put Penny in Freya's lap. She wrapped a blanket around Penny's lower half and rocked her gently. "Feel better now? Got all your crying down with?" Freya said patting Penny softly on the back.  "I think so. Will you take a nap with me," Penny begged.  "Yes, I think I will, actually," Freya smiled. She was glad the little girl harbored no hard feelings from her first spanking.  "S-sorry, Aunt Freya. I don't know why I said that," Penny admitted.  "I don't know, Sweetheart. I know you are forgiven and you won't do it again. Because if you do, what's going to happen?" Freya prompted.  "Paddled," Penny whispered.  "Penny, you know, you have to treat people the way you want them to treat you. Once you can behave, you can go to school with Finn and Henrik and start having your own friends and social life.  I think sometimes you get a little bored here, even with all the stuff we have. Do you think you can try to go to school?" Freya prompted.  "Yes! If Dana is going, I want to go. I don't want to stay home with that stupid tutor. It's so boring," Penny grumbled.  "Want to try that more respectfully so you don't get a good swat on your sore behind?" Freya said raising her eyebrows.  Penny still didn't have her pants back and covered the exposed part of her bottom, "Yes, Aunt Freya, please. Can I try?" "Better. We'll talk to your father. But we're going to practice how to talk to people and things like that before you go anywhere," Freya said.  "Sorry for the delay. Ric came. He's talking to Jeremy now. Penny, here's your p.j.s for after your bath. One more hug?" Klaus asked.  "Yes, Daddy," Penny said as he picked her up still wrapped in the blanket.  Freya went to start the bath.  "Can I go to school next week?" Penny asked.  "Are you ready? I thought you didn't want to go," Klaus asked in confusion.  "I do! I want to. I don't want Dana to think I'm a baby. Please, I'll be good," Penny promised.  "I know you will be. Okay, if you think you are ready, I'll talk to Uncle Elijah. Was your first spanking worse than you thought?" Klaus asked.  Penny nodded, "Sorry, I made fun of the boys when they got spanked. I didn't know it stung."  "Sweetheart, you can tell them you are sorry. They will forgive you, okay. And please, talk to your brother Connor. He would do anything for you. Give him a chance to get to know you," Klaus pressed.  "Penny! Come on," Freya called. She had filled the tub with bubbles.  Penny hugged Klaus tightly and hopped down to take her bath. He was grateful that Penny seemed fine. Klaus went to look in on Ric and Jeremy and see what was happening with that situation. Klaus took the round paddle and put it back in the drawer. Then, Klaus recalled the first time he swatted Jeremy with it the time he mouthed off to Nicole on the island and hoped he didn't need to use it on him again today. It was not even noon yet. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, Virginia Tuesday, January 2, 2011Morning After Klaus dragged Penny off to the kitchen from the table, Henrik became upset.  "What's Uncle Klaus going to do, Daddy?" Henrik asked Elijah. "Never you mind. Eat your waffles," Elijah said absentmindedly.  "But I have pancakes!" Henrik smiled.  Elijah smiled back and tickled him, "Then, eat your pancakes!"  Dana looked at Freya saying, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have spoken up, but that's not the Pen I used to know."  Freya shook her head, "It's alright, Dana. You didn't do anything wrong. Can I get you pancakes? You didn't eat very much."  Dana declared, "Vegan, remember? The fruit is good, though."  Kol snickered, "How can you be a vegan vampire? Darling, you realize that makes no sense?" Some of the older boys laughed in agreement.  "Kol, dial it make a notch," Elijah scolded lightly.  "Sorry, luv. Accept my apologies," Kol smiled gallantly.  Dana returned his smiled, "Don't worry, I won't siphon you for that!"  "Oh, Uncle Kol, you better watch out. Dana can drain you like a battery.," Tyler quipped.  Kol gave him the finger when Elijah wasn't looking and Tyler smirked.  "Dad said we might be able to go hunting tonight. I mean, if everyone gets things done," Erik said without reproach. "I know, I know. I have to clean the room first," Tyler said in a high voice.  "Tyler, I don't care for your tone. I've been trying to not say a word about that disgraceful room, but after this, I want everyone to get their things and take them up to their rooms. There are still Christmas presents everywhere. I want all dirty laundry downstairs by noon, is that understood?" Elijah asked.  "Yes, Uncle Elijah," Connor said kicking Tyler under the table as he fed Sadie a pancake.  "Tyler, you're about out of warnings," Elijah reprimanded.  "Can I be excused, please?" Tyler asked rudely.  "No, you may not be," Elijah said turning to cut Finn's waffle.  "Why?" Tyler asked.  "Because you didn't eat and I would like you all to help clean up. Then, I want you to go around and get all this sports equipment and other junk and take it up to your room or the garage," Elijah answered.  Kol reached across Matt and smacked Tyler on the the arm. Freya cleared her throat at Kol. Honestly, he was as bad as the boys today.  "Mate, you best eat more and talk less," Kol whispered.  Freya followed, "Follow your own advice, little Brother!"  "Yeah, enough people are in trouble around here," Matt snickered looking at Jeremy.  "What'd you do? I thought you lads were actually starting to behave yourselves a little better-for once," Kol said to Jeremy.  Elijah and Vanessa were talking to Finn about something in low voices and were distracted. Jeremy figured he might as well just share what he did as Ric was on his way. Dana was asking Henrik about his favorite toy he got for Christmas. She promised to do play-doh with him later on. "I stole this old journal from Ric's classroom. It was from my ancestor, Jonathan Gilbert. You know, the one who made the Gilbert device?" Jeremy admitted.  "Stole? Why would you do that? Are you daft? Ric would have probably just given it to you," Kol mentioned.  "I meant to just borrow it and return it, but then I started reading it. It's pretty weird. He talks about some cave where treasures were locked away at the founding of Mystic Falls. The language is cryptic. I wouldn't mind looking for this cave. Are you guys hunting on the old Lockwood property tonight?" Jeremy asked.  "Oh Jeremy, that sounds dangerous. This is exactly why your father wanted you to stay out of all these Mystic Falls secrets," Freya added.  "Aunt Freya, what if there are more objects that are dangerous stored there and our enemies could get them?" Jeremy asked.  "Not sure, honey. I just can't concentrate right now. Sorry. I'm going to go check on Penny," Freya said getting up. Everyone watched her walk out and wondered what exactly was happening to Penny right now.  Kol considered Jeremy's point, "You best wait to see what Nik and Ric have to say before you start sleuthing around in this town's past. Also, wasn't that Gilbert device spelled by a Bennett witch? One of Bonnie's ancestors?""What a Bennett witch?" Dana asked eating a strawberry slowly. Dana had her foot resting on her chair. She was very well developed and had a low cut tank top on. Elijah thought he'd have to talk to Freya about the girl's attire. It was lewd. Elijah noticed Erik was watched Dana closely. Dana's red hair was in two braids today and her eyes were quick and sharp. "Descendants from Salem witches, Tituba likely. Freya will introduce you to Bonnie soon. She's very powerful and the last Bennett witch around here," Kol shared slowly.   "Wow, Salem, huh? I always thought those witches were innocent," Dana mused.  Vanessa chimed in, "The ones they hanged for witchcraft were. Apparently, the real witches were either never accused or let off."  "Hanged? Why'd they get hanged? Does that mean dead?" Finn inquired.  "Okay, boys, if you are finished, you can clear your plates," Elijah said directing the whole clean up. Vanessa, Kol, and the younger boys went to start cleaning up the great room. There were Legos and nerf gun targets and other toys everywhere. Klaus came out to get Penny's pajamas in her room and quickly returned with them. He spoke to Elijah who was finishing up in the kitchen. "How'd it go?" Elijah said.  Klaus admitted, "I couldn't have done it without Freya there. It was rough. For a good while I was just patting her uselessly until Freya, well, did her thing. I hated it." Elijah patted him on the shoulder, "I know you didn't want to do that, but I think now you can move on with her. Start again. Remember Brother, you have to do what is in Penelope's best interest. Letting her act like hell spawn will not endear her to others and she would not have a happy life." "Freya is giving her a bath now and then going to have her take a nap in her room," Klaus said as they heard the doorbell ring. "Ric?" Elijah asked.  "Aye, let me get it. He's going to talk to Jeremy," Klaus said going to the front entrance.  "Hey Ric, thanks for stopping by, mate! Whoa, that's a big box," Klaus added.  "Yes, it is. Where is our little researcher?" Ric asked as Klaus grabbed the box and handed Ric the pajamas.  "Don't ask. Those are Penny's. I need to head back in there, but let me grab Jeremy for you. You can talk in Elijah's study," Klaus said.  "Jeremy! Uncle Ric is here," Klaus yelled.  Jeremy came down the stairs.  "Hey, Uncle Ric," Jeremy faltered.  "Jeremy, hey buddy, look at me. It's gonna be okay," Ric said still holding the pajamas.  Klaus took the big box and put it on Elijah's desk in his study. He took the pajamas from Ric and patted him on the shoulder.  "Jeremy, you are very lucky to have so many people who love you so much. I hope you realize that, Son," Klaus said solemnly and left.  "I feel awful, Uncle Ric. I didn't mean to steal the journal, I just started reading it and I couldn't stop," Jeremy started lamely.  "Jer, you did violate my trust by stealing something from my classroom. However, I'm not sure I can say that it didn't belong to you exactly. It is one of the relics Damon and I scavenged from your dad Grayson's medical office. But that wasn't the only journal Jonathan Gilbert left behind," Ric explained.  Jeremy spied the box, "Uncle Ric, are you going to punish me? I'm imagining like a bunch of whips and sticks that you are going to beat me with one after another from that box."  "Open the box, Jeremy," Ric laughed . Jeremy opened it and found it filled with stacks of papers, journals, and books. Some were dusty and in very bad condition.  "That is your punishment. You are going to go through Jonathan Gilbert's life works and see what you can find. Yes, there is a secret he was hiding. What? No one knows, hence secret.  The Augustine society thought the answer was encoded in his works, but they never could figure it out," Ric stated.  "Really, I can read all of this! Thanks, Uncle Ric. Why is this my punishment?" Jeremy asked suspiciously.  "Well, you are going to have to transcribe some of the texts and make reports to me of what you learned. This is big, you will not act on anything you learn without permission. There could be something very dangerous hidden in Jonathan Gilbert's so called treasure, okay?" Ric insisted.  "Sure, fine. I can do this, Uncle Ric. I'll get started right away," Jeremy said excitedly.  "Jer, look at me," Ric said seriously, "if your dad and I caught you snooping, you will get one of those old relic you're so afraid of used across your bare butt. I mean it. We need to trust you on this. Because trust me, you don't want to get a licking with a razor strap."  Jeremy gulped, "No, Uncle Ric. I won't let you down. Do you really have a razor strap?" "Yeah, buddy. I have the one that was used on me. If your aunt even knew I had it, she'd probably divorce me, but I couldn't throw it away when my granddad died. Jeremy, I know that you are young and feel like you are immortal like some of your family, but you're not. You and me can die with just one blow to the head or stab wound. There are still people in this town that would go a long way to protect the secrets of Mystic Falls," Alaric warned.  "But I thought the Augustines were gone?" Jeremy pressed.  "They are still lurking, hiding, the Strix are on to them because they were a threat to Elijah. But the Mystic Falls town council is no picnic, either. I don't have any proof yet, but there are some very dark things happening in this town," Alaric insisted.  "But Tyler's mom is the head of it, the mayor. And Caroline's mom, the sheriff. I mean, these are people we know!" Jeremy argued.  "I know, Jer. I'm telling you right now. Trust no one on this, except me and your Dad. Don't even trust Tyler. He's not involved, but we want to keep it that way," Alaric mentioned.  "Okay," Jeremy said, "What about my sister and the Salavatores?" "Damon has been looking into this for 150 years, he never had the journals though. They were hidden by your relatives, your grandparents, great-grandparents, and so forth. Oh, did you dad mention that he volunteered you to babysit?"  "Babysit? Ah, no. When?" Jeremy asked.  "Oh, tonight," Ric laughed.  "Great," Jeremy cringed.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Tyler, Erik, are you boys feeling okay?" Elijah asked with concern. He had come up to check on their progress in their bedroom. "I do feel kind of hot, now that you mention it," Erik said. Elijah got up and felt his head. "I'm not sure what is going on, but I think you have a fever. Tyler, Connor?" Elijah said.  Connor said, "I feel fine. And how do hybrids get sick? Ain't that impossible?"  Connor went to go take a shower. Erik left to go get another blood bag in the kitchen. Tyler frowned, "I haven't been feeling great, but I though it was just because I haven't been sleeping that well."  Elijah went over to him, "May I?"  Tyler nodded and Elijah felt his head.  "Tyler Lockwood, you are burning up! Vanessa, feel his head," Elijah called to her from the younger boys' room next door.  "It is hot. Why don't you get into bed? I'll get a wet washcloth and a thermometer," Vanessa said. "No, I'm fine. I'm allowed to go to Caroline's if I clean," Tyler argued.  "Tyler, march over to that bed right now," Elijah enunciated in a tone that brooked no argument. Tyler groaned and went to the bunk bed and climbed up.  "Why haven't you been sleeping well? Have you been your phone all night again?" Elijah asked firmly.  Tyler had been on his phone a lot at night. He looked at Elijah and couldn't lie. "Please don't take my phone. I'm sorry. It's just I'm worried about the future. All this stuff is going on and I don't know what's going to happen," Tyler admitted.  "Tyler, I understand you are going through a lot now. I'll let you keep your phone this time. You know we are here for you every step of the way with this pregnancy, right? Lay down. I'm not afraid to swat your behind for you if you don't listen," Elijah said knowing how stubborn the hybrid teen was.  Tyler balked, "You know, I actually think I'm fine. I'm going to get up." Tyler vamped down the ladder. If he got in the bed, it meant he was really sick and he'd get suck there. "Are you out of your mind, young man?" Elijah scolded. Whack! Whack! Whack! Elijah's palm swatted Tyler's nylon covered rear end hard.  "No, damm! Uncle Elijah, that fuckin' hurts!" Tyler hissed.Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Tyler's hands flew back to protect his backside, but it was too late.  "Now, back up there, unless you want your shorts pulled down for a real spanking," Elijah warned.  "Owwww, you can't spank me if I'm sick!" Tyler gasped climbing up and still holding his behind with one hand. Elijah pulled down the back of Tyler's shorts to bare his white bottom. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Red handprints instantly appeared on both of Tyler's cheeks.  Since Connor was in the shower in this bedroom, Vanessa had gotten a washcloth from the hallway bathroom.  "Maybe I should put this on his backside instead of his forehead?" Vanessa said eyeing Elijah.  "He was misbehaving and trying to leave," Elijah said defending his decision to smack Tyler.  "I just don't think I'm that sick. I can get up," Tyler whined with his pants still down. Swat! Swat! Swat! Swat! "Stay in the bed and let Vanessa put this rag on your head. I'll pull your pants back up. On your back," Elijah said. Tyler hissed as his briefs and shorts were pulled over his stinging rear.  Tyler cringed as he had to roll over on his sore behind to let Vanessa put the cloth on his head. "Sorry, honey. I didn't know your uncle was going to spank you the second I left. I should have had him get this. Here, let's take your temperature. Elijah, why don't you get Freya please?" Vanessa asked softly. Her eyes were casting daggers at him. Elijah answered, "Yes, dear. If he had been behaving, I wouldn't have had to spank him. I'll get Niklaus and Freya."  "Tyler, I'm going to put this blanket on you, you're shivering. Poor thing," Vanessa soothed.  Tyler rolled to his side as his backside was stinging fiercely. It was almost as if he wasn't healing, he rubbed it.  "Ah, you got some hard smacks. Ah, I bet that hurts.  Just rest, we'll figure out what this is, poor baby," Vanessa soothed.   Tyler liked the sympathy from Vanessa, but he was feeling worse each moment. Vanessa's attention was diverted by Connor.  "Honey, did you need help with your clothes?" Vanessa asked. Connor seemed out of it. Vanessa got Connor out sweats and a t-shirt for him to put on.  Klaus, Elijah, and Freya came in with Erik, who looked pale and sick. In a few moments, all three boys were dressed and in their beds.  Tyler whined, "Dad, Uncle Elijah spanked me really hard and it still hurts." Tyler turned to his side and Klaus pulled down the back of his shorts.  "Look! He's not healing. Elijah, you left handprints on his bottom," Klaus informed him.  "I thought he would heal. He was trying to get out of bed and not listening to me," Elijah defended.  "No, it's fine. You didn't know. I'll get some healing ointment," Freya offered.  Klaus added, "She's right. Tyler's been asking for a few smacks the last couple of days, haven't you, Son? But I just can't stand to see you sick and not healing."  Tyler cried, "Yes, Dad. Sorry."  Klaus rubbed his back and sore bottom, "You'll be okay. Just rest."Connor and Erik seemed to be sleeping.  "Is there a supernatural doctor we could call?" Elijah asked. The boys had temperatures of 105 and 106 degrees.  Freya wondered if Dana could try to siphon the sickness out of them. Dana came in and was able to siphon the magic out of the little werewolf bite Penny had given Klaus. It was like a small itch to him, but could have killed another vampire without the siphoning or Klaus' blood to heal the toxin. Dana laid her hands on Erik, "I'll just try a little."  Dana pulled a little vampire magic, but didn't sense any of the sickness. She tried the same with Connor and Tyler.  "Nothing. I'm sorry, but I'm not getting anything except their vampire magic. It feels normal to me," Dana said.  "Can you siphon any of their werewolf side?" Klaus asked with concern.  "No, it's like the vampire energy has overpowered it. I can't touch it. Is Penny sick, too?" Dana asked.  Freya said, "No, she was sleeping when I came up. I'll check her again. I'm going to call Bonnie and see if any of her grandmother's contacts at Whitmore College know if a supernatural doctor."  Freya came back up with a slip of paper for the number of Dr. Keelin Malraux.  "Penny seems a little warm, but not as bad as the boys. Bonnie gave me the name of a clinic with a special doctor. She arranged for the kids to be seen right now," Freya said.  Twenty minutes later, Klaus and Elijah helped the boys into the clinic exam room.  Connor was whining about needles, "I ain't getting no shots. No doctors."  "Connor, Son, you are not thinking clearly. If you need a shot, you will get on," Klaus said softly.  Erik groaned, "He don't like needles. One time he punched out a nurse who tried to give him a tetanus shot. I don't like them either, but now like him."  Elijah scoffed, "That's ridiculous. Do you know what lockjaw used to do to people? It's deadly." Freya interceded,"Brother, if it's a phobia of needles, it's not a rational thing. He could have had a bad experience and not even know where it came from. Some compassion?"  "I just don't understand the silliness and fuss," Elijah went on.  Penny was in Klaus' arms, "Dad, I don't want to get a shot either!"  "Shh, just concentrate on getting better. No one said anything about you getting shots. Settle down," Klaus said feeling her head. She felt hotter to him.  Elijah paced in the exam room, "Where is this doctor? These children are sick!" The door opened and a pretty doctor with large brown eyes, shoulder length curly hair and terra cotta skin. Freya felt her heart catch in her throat.  "Hi, sorry to keep you folks waiting. I'm Dr. Malraux, but you cutie, can call me Dr. Keelin," Keelin said to Penny.  Penny turned to hide in her father's shirt.  "I'm sorry, she's shy, Doctor. I'm Klaus Mikaelson. This is my brother Elijah, and my sister Freya. The children are ill, Tyler, Connor, Erik, and this is Penny," Klaus explained.  "I see that," Keelin said, "And they are all hybrids? Recently turned?"  "Yes," Klaus said, "Have you ever seen anything like this?"  "Actually, yes. I'm a werewolf myself and I remember getting the same thing as a child," Keelin said examining Connor's eyes and ears.  Connor croaked, "No shots, please."  "I'm sorry, dear. But if this is what I think, it's not serious, but you will need a series of shots of vitamins," Keelin explained.  Freya asked, "What is wrong with them?" Keelin explained, "In the wild, wolves would be getting a certain amount of nutrition from feeding. Since we don't really do that anymore, their systems are lacking the proteins they need to transform. As hybrids, this could be exacerbated if they transform into wolves more. They are going to need to take the shots every time they turn. I'll go prepare them."  Connor heard this and became frantic.  "No shots! I'm fine," Connor shouted.  "Connor, are we going to have to hold you down, Son? You're a little old for this," Klaus scolded.  Connor was frantic and didn't even hear Klaus.  Freya tried to calm Connor down and get him to breath.  "Okay, sorry, but these go into the gluteal muscle of the buttock. Can you pull down those pants for me?" Keelin cleaned the area with alcohol and injected the shots into Erik.  Tyler was next. Keelin saw the handprints on his behind.  "Someone was a naughty boy. It's okay, sweetie, you'll start healing again as soon as this kicks in," Keelin informed him. Tyler winced and rubbed the injection site.  Elijah joined Freya and went to comfort Connor. Keelin decided to do him last. Penny whimpered and also got her shot on her pink backside. She had healed some until she started to get sick and her healing delayed again.  Keelin chuckled, "There isn't a wolf family around that doesn't have to take a firm hand with their kids. Wolf kids tend to not be the best behaved. Just a little pinch. Good girl."  "I told Aunt Freya to shut up," Penny confessed.  Keelin put her hand over her mouth in mock horror.  "You told this beautiful lady to shut up! If I said that to my nana, y'all would be seeing the spirit version of me 'cause I'd be dead!" Keelin said. Penny giggled as Keelin put a band-aid over her injection site.  "I got in trouble," Penny whispered. "Well, good, because you shouldn't talk like that. Dad, can she have a sucker?" Keelin said giving him a lolipop. Klaus nodded.  "I'm going to have my nurse take them out so we can get this young man taken care of, is that okay?" Keelin asked. Klaus agreed and a nurse took Penny, Tyler, and Erik to another room. "Connor, is it? Okay, you need this shot or you are going to get sicker and sicker. It will be quick, but I need you to try to hold still," Keelin said firmly.  Klaus said, "Come on, Son. She needs you to lower your pants. If you can't cooperate, I think you know what is going to happen." Klaus meant hold him down, but then hoped he didn't think Connor thought he was going to smack him. He could hear Connor's heart rate and knew that he was not faking his fear.  Connor just went blank and started to panic as he saw Keelin coming with the needle. It wasn't a big one, but it was very sharp and he suddenly couldn't breath.  Elijah said, "We're going to have to hold him down. I'm sorry."  "Don't apologize. This happens. Just slip down his pants. Dad, maybe you can hold him over your knee so he can't move," Keelin said. Klaus got up and sat on the gurney and Elijah helped pull down his pants. Klaus threw his leg over Connors legs. Freya took his hands and looked him in the eye, "Honey, just breath, it's almost over. Then, you're going to feel better, okay? Hold my hands."  Connor was still struggling in the humiliating position, but Klaus was able to tighten his hold enough to keep him still so Keelin could slide in the needle and depress the syringe. Connor yelled, but was pinned and couldn't move.  "See, not that bad. All over," Freya said kissing his hands. She hated to see him so afraid.  Keelin popped on the ban-aid.  "They should be okay until the next time they transition. They need lots of iron and I can suggestion some vitamins you can all take daily. When they get this low, you will see some changes in their behavior, irritation, lack of concentration, etc. They need more sleep, at least 8 to 10 hours a night, if not more, especially around the full moon if they change," Keelin advised.  Klaus grasped her hands, "Doctor, you have been so helpful. We can never repay you. Would you do us the honor of being our dinner guest this Friday night? I don't know any wolves socially here and it would be a great honor if you would attend. Bring a date." "I am single, no date. I'll love to. I'm sorry, I have other patients waiting. It was nice to meet all of you. Call me with any questions, Connor, you did fine. Freya, see you Friday," Keelin smiled.  Elijah helped Connor just up and redressed.  "What did you do? That was so obvious!" Freya laughed at Klaus.  "I could tell you two liked each other. Sister, I want you to be happy. Is that a crime?" Klaus asked.  Elijah called over, "I'll give you the credit card. Buy yourself a nice outfit and Dana, too. He's right, Freya, we want you to be happy."  Connor groaned, "What was in that shot? Cement? My ass feels like I got kicked by a mule."  Even Elijah laughed at that. Klaus felt Connor's head and realized that his fever was gone. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, VirginiaTuesday, January 2, 2011Late Afternoon"Twins? Are you bloody serious? There's another one running around down there? Let me get Freya and Elijah...Okay, we'll investigate her. Son, Marcellus, I mean it, be careful. These witches are very dangerous. I love you. Call me back," Klaus said hanging up.  Klaus was in the garage. The kids had already gone into the house with Elijah and Freya. Klaus vamped in to make sure everything was okay. He breathed a sign of relief when he saw Vanessa, Dana, Kol, and the younger boys doing Play-Doh at the kitchen table.  "What artistry!" Klaus said admiring their little clay buildings and space ships.  "Uncle Klaus, I made a pie? Are you hungry?" Henrik stated with pride.  "Oh indeed, I am ravished, Henrik. Thank you," Klaus said pretending to eat the purple and puce colored dough pie.  Finn wheezed, "That doesn't even look like a pie! Mine is better."  Vanessa added, "That are both nice. Let's make some cakes next. Then, you can smash them again."  "Kol, Elijah, may I have a word? In Freya's room, excuse us, boys," Klaus said reluctantly. Klaus relished the normal, quiet moments with his family. He could already see the boys getting taller and growing up. It was bittersweet as these last few months had passed so quickly. Finn and Henrik were also trying to show Elijah what they made quickly before he left.   "I actually wanted to go talk to Connor. I was a little short with him at the clinic," Elijah started.  "No time for that now. Freya! Can we talk to you?" Klaus called shutting the door.  Freya said, "What it is?"  "Marcel said that a young Crescent was attacked in the Bayou," Klaus began.  "Okay, so?" Kol asked.  "She was siphoned of a wound and drained of blood by a red-haired witch vampire," Klaus stated dryly.  "But Dana is here! Siphon witches are too rare for it to be a coincidence." Elijah said.  Kol smiled, "Not unless they are Geminis. They have the most siphons out of all the covens. Twins. She's a bloody twin! "  "Dana?" Freya gasped, "We've trusted her this far. Unless she is watching to get Connor, Erik, or Penny alone...to open that blasted vault" Elijah vamped out to the kitchen to find Dana still sitting there calmly with Vanessa and the kids. He breathed a sigh of relief.  "What's wrong?" Vanessa asked in surprise.  "Nothing, dear. Nothing at all," Elijah smiled. He went back to Freya's room.  "Should we just confront her?" Freya said after seeing that everything was fine on Elijah's face.  Klaus nodded, "I grow tired of games. What the hell could they possibly want? I already told her that cure was probably bogus."  "Shall we just call her in here? Freya, can you defend us if she tries to siphon us?" Kol asked.  "The truth is, I'm not sure. With all of you being so powerful, it is actually unknown how long she could siphon you. I mean, you can see why these witches are so feared. Lobelia is the only real defense against their witchcraft, and I suppose vervain against their vamp side. I'll have some ready just in case she attacks after we confront her," Freya shared. Freya opened a secret panel in the floor that only she and Klaus knew about and took out a glass dropper and several darkened bottles of liquid.  Elijah frowned, "Let's find out what is going on. I don't like having her around the children when we don't know her true intentions."  Klaus went out and called Dana into Freya's bedroom.  "Dana, can we speak to you a moment?" Klaus said.  "Sure, am I in trouble? Did I do something?" Dana asked, stepping into the room with the vampires and the powerful witch.  "Honey, you tell us. We hear there is another red haired siphon vamp attacking wolves in the Bayou. Anyone you know?" Freya asked sharply.  Dana's face fell, "Damm her. She promised she wouldn't hurt anyone."  Klaus asked gently, "Dana, do you have a twin?"  "Yes, but I can't always control her. She's the one who made me come up here. I swear, I didn't even think this would work," Dana admitted.  Elijah smiled, "You're not even Dana are you?"  "No, that's my sister. I'm Rachael. She is the one who was with Penny in that place. My family didn't think that I was a siphon. I hid it from them using an amulet from the time I was little. I spent years trying to find out where Dana was. But the Guerreras messed up her head, so by the time I finally found her a few weeks ago, she wasn't the same. All she wants now is this cure and revenge," Rachael explained.  "How did you find her?" Kol asked.  "I used my own blood for a locator spell. They didn't bother to cloak her since they didn't think anyone was looking for her. I couldn't get to her until she was out of that hospital, or whatever the hell it was. My twins wants to kill our family for selling her. Dana doesn't believe that the cure is a fake. She thinks we can sell it to the highest bidder and then life free," Rachael shared.  "So you don't want to be cured?" Kol asked.  "No, Dana turned me. We're much more powerful as vampires. As long as we don't draw too much of our own magic, we can still draw some magic of our own.  I'm sorry for lying to y'all. But I thought if I went with Dana's plan, it would make her happy. I see now that she needs help, she doesn't really care about the cure or money, she just wants to hurt those who hurt us, twins should never be separated," Rachael said.  Freya spoke up, "Dana, I mean, Rachael, your sister is in a lot of danger. If someone else finds here before we do, they could kill her. Will she come with us willingly?" "She might. She really does love Penny, she considers her more of a real sister than me now. Getting her in trouble like I did, that was something Dana would have never done. Penny was getting suspicious of me," Rachael admitted.  Kol grew suspicious,"Have you been siphoning the hybrids? Is that why they got sick?"  Dana paled, "I needed to. I call it skimming. I didn't mean to make them sick, but the only way I can communicate with my twin is through magic. You, Originals and Freya, couldn't be siphoned without knowing about it, so I did the kids while they were sleeping."  Klaus chided, "All this deceit, Rachael. We asked you to be honest. Now, how are we supposed to trust you? I can see that you love your sister and I do want to help you both, but do you see the danger for us?"  Rachael flushed, "I'm sorry. Please understand that we are just trying to survive. Dana wanted revenge on our family, I don't. But there is a chance that if they knew we are alive, they will hunt us down. Our family is the most ruthless of the Gemini coven.""Why is that, luv?" Kol asked.  "If we are both alive, we would have to merge to be the next leader of the Geminis. Our coven was promised that the Guerreras would provide muscle when they needed it to control other rival covens. They were to kill Dana when they were done with her. It didn't entirely matter, though, because if they didn't kill Dana, I was next on the chopping block," Rachael said bitterly.  "But they didn't even know you were a siphon," Freya reasoned.  "Exactly. And they would have killed me anyway. Do you see why we have trust issues? My sister is a good person, she just got warped by the Guerreras, but taking care of Penny helped her remember her humanity. Please, help us. I'll see anything," Dana begged.  "I know you are still children, but we have other children of our own to protect," Elijah said plainly.  "Sir, with two hybrid siphon vampire twins in your family, you would be unstoppable. Us, along with Original vampires and hybrids. Imagine the power. I admit that I am untrained in fighting, but I can learn. Help us and we will pledge our loyalty to you for our immortal lives. Without you, I think you know we will be executed, if not by our own people, but by other supernaturals. We were born like this, we don't deserve to die for it," Rachael cried.  Freya thought a moment.  "Rachael, you shouldn't have to beg for your life. I've seen too many witches die at the hands of other witches. There could be a way to make this work. Maybe I can make you a magic blocking bracelet, for the time being. As for your sister, she may require heavier artillery... Brothers, do you still have some of those dark objects, like the bracelets of obedience? We might need these to at least get the real Dana up here," Freya suggested.  Klaus nodded, "We can get what we need. Father Kieran has a store of objects. Kol, I also have some things in the vault here."  "Good. Who knows what we will actually need. Rachael is right. Though they are dangerous, siphons are extremely powerful. Given what they have been through, I think I can forgive Rachael/Dana a little deceit, but no more Darling," Kol said seriously.  "I promised. All I have told you is the truth, on pain of death," Rachael professed.  "Oh, we won't kill you, luv. We'll just hand you over to Freya for a good drubbing," Klaus smirked. Freya rolled her eyes, "Excuse me, I need to go downstairs and check on some supplies if you are done. Dana, I mean Rachael, Kol, can you both come help me?"  Klaus called Marcel back with orders to tell the wolves to keep the girl alive. He thought that Kol and Freya would have to come down there themselves.  "Papa, Rebekah thinks you should be here, too. We don't know what we are getting into here. What do you say? Cami is here. It could be a romantic little getaway," Marcel tempted him.  "I don't know, Marcellus. The children go back to school on Thursday. Hmm, but if you think you need me to wrangle this witch, Son, then I'll be there. I'll arrange the jet. Elijah can stay here. I'll see you as soon as we land, Son," Klaus said hanging up.  "Elijah!" Klaus called to see what he thought. A few hours later, Freya had equipped Rachael with a magic blocking bracelet that was spelled for her not to be able to remove. If there was an emergency, Elijah or Vanessa could take it off.  Klaus, Freya, and Kol took the jet to New Orleans to save Rachael's twin, the real Dana. Freya hoped they would be back for here Friday dinner with Keelin. They had been talking on the phone and texting. At first, about the health of the hybrids, and then about everything.  Elijah caught Vanessa while she was dressing in their bedroom. "Well, we have the house to ourselves," Elijah purred.  "Oh, we only have, let's see, six teenagers and three tweens here so I wouldn't say we're exactly alone," Vanessa clarified.  "I don't think the three youngest are tweens yet. We still have some time for that," Elijah retorted laughing.  "And pizza tonight, right? Paper plates? Tyler asked if they could have friends over and I told them no," Vanessa shared.  "Good. I'm surprised, though," Elijah prodded.  "Oh, I heard him ask Klaus earlier and Klaus had told him no!" Vanessa smirked.  "Well, done, future Mrs. Mikaelson. Do we really have to go back out there? Oh my, is that the dog scratching at the door?" Elijah said getting up from the bed that he had lain in for one minute.  "Mrs. Mikaelson, I like the sound of that. But yes, we need to get these kids fed, washed, and in bed in the next four hours. Oh, and we also need to keep an eye on the teenage siphon vampire who likes to chain smoke, but is a vegan. Don't forget that part," Vanessa giggled.  "What part? Vanessa, let's turn the clocks back and put them all to bed early, okay?" Elijah suggested.  "Now that's a plan," Vanessa agreed. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^KitchenWednesday, January 3, 2011EveningAfter dinner the next night, Elijah caught Connor in the kitchen.  "Hey Connor, look. I'm sorry about being hard on you about the needles. I should have been more sensitive. I've been meaning to talk to you since yesterday. I had no right to be so short with you," Elijah apologized. It had been a hectic day with most of the adults gone. Elijah and Vanessa tried to keep everyone busy cleaning and organizing the house. Some participants were more helpful than others. Connor and Erik had been very helpful and Elijah felt even worse about how insensitive he'd been to Connor over his needle phobia.  Connor was surprised, "Oh, it's no problem. I had a bad experience this one time and now they make me real nervous. I try not to make a fuss." Elijah was curious, "Was it a bad experience at the doctor's?"  Connor wasn't sure how much to share. He had some pride and didn't want people to feel sorry for him.  "Um, one time, this junkie my mom scored from wanted her to pay him, ya know, in trade. She let him do it and then still wanted the money cause he said she weren't no good. She told him to get out. He told her that he had AIDS and grabbed a needle, sucked out some of his blood and held it to me. He said if she didn't give him the money, he'd give me AIDS," Connor spat.  Elijah was horrified, "What happened?"  "Oh, her pimp came in and beat the tar outta of the guy. Then, he beat up my mom for shooting up," Connor revealed.  "Connor, I'm so sorry. I had no idea," Elijah whispered.  "It's okay. It's just that afraid that I keep thinking that maybe he did give me AIDS and I was gonna die," Connor admitted.  "Connor, did you tell that therapist you were seeing about this?" Elijah asked rubbing his arm.  "No, sir. I mean, he really didn't ask. A lot kind of happened. The truth is that I can't really remember what happened. A lot of it was bad," Connor spoke softly.  "I know. How about we make sure that you get to talk about these things? They don't just disappear, it helps if you can deal with them. Thank you for telling me about what happened. You didn't deserve to have any of that happen to you," Elijah affirmed.  "Erik don't remember a lot of it and I don't really want him, too. Mama was too messed up to be thinking straight. The only good things she done were to send her away to her kin. He remembered her being real nice sometimes," Connor mumbled, "but he was too young to realize that those were the times she was too high to feed him or care if he ran out into traffic."  "You did those things, didn't you?" Elijah prompted.  Connor nodded, "He don't really remember that kind of stuff. I think he only thinks of me hollering at him or hiding with him in a closet when things got real bad. Erik don't know what really happened and how can I tell him? I tried but it wasn't good enough." "Connor, please listen to me. You were a child. You are still a child and none of that should have fallen on your shoulders. I tried to keep my brother safe too, but I failed. I suppose I failed all my siblings as our parents ended our mortal lives, and I did nothing to stop it. You cannot blame yourself for the failure of the adults in your life to protect you. Or maybe I should say 'we' Connor, but I don't want you to suffer needlessly like I have, there is no reason for it," Elijah said with emotion.  "I know. I try not to think about it, but it times like when things with the needles that...hits me out of the blue. I can't rightly control it," Connor admitted.  "You don't have to go through this alone. There are other therapists out there, okay? When you are ready, we'll give it another try. I'll go with you or take you, whatever you want," Elijah reassured him.  "Okay," Connor agreed.   "Uh-oh, I think your sister isn't happy. Excuse me," Elijah said going to see what the yelling is about in the great room.  Rachael was holding Penny back from hitting Finn.  "You give it back!" Penny screamed.  "No, it's mine," Finn said holding something to his chest.  Elijah grabbed Penny from Rachael, "I've got her. Thanks. Now, what's going on? Let's stop yelling please."  Finn shouted, "Dad, she's trying to say this is hers, but it's mine."  "You're fighting over an etch a sketch?" Elijah said tiredly.  Henrik piped in, "It's Finn's. She took it, Daddy. For real." "Did you see what happened, dear?" Elijah asked Rachael. They had decided to not say anything to Penny until the real Rachael was found, but Elijah didn't want to call her Dana.  Rachael admitted diplomatically, "I think Penny got a little confused, Finn was playing with it and she grabbed it."  "Thank you. Boys, it's almost bath time. Why don't you head upstairs and I'll be up in a minute? Vanessa's finishing up in the kitchen," Elijah said. Finn tried to yank the etch a sketch out of Elijah's hand. "Excuse me, I don't think so. Playtime is over. Head upstairs," Elijah insisted.  "But Daddy, that's not fair! She,-" Finn blustered.  "Finn, please listen to me or you are going directly to bed right after your bath. Not another word!" Elijah ordered.  "I hate her! She's so mean," Finn said running towards the kitchen to tell Vanessa was Penny did. Henrik followed him eagerly. "Finn, that's it. No tv or ipad tonight," Elijah informed him, not sure if he heard or not. Rachael said, "I'll go take my ah, break."  Elijah nodded, "Thank you. We'll be upstairs in a minute." "Penny, I'm sorry Finn said that. You know he doesn't really hate you,-" Elijah started.  "I don't care. I hate him, too! He's a brat," Penny ranted.  "Penny, what started this? Can you tell me that?" Elijah prompted.  Penny folded her arms across her chest and glared at Elijah. Her blue eyes were angry and bore into him.  "Penelope, can you tell me why you are so angry?" Elijah tried again. Penny shook her head.  "Are you upset that your father and Freya had to leave? They will be back soon. I would love to give them a good report about your behavior," Elijah shared.  "I don't care," Penny grumped. "Penny, you are supposed to go off to school tomorrow. I am not sure I am even comfortable letting you go if you behave like this at home. Now, start talking or we are going to call your father or Freya and tell them that you are unable to behave or correct your behavior, do you want that?" Elijah threatened.  "No," Penny whined.  "Because they would be very disappointed to hear you won't talk to me about this. Penny, it's okay to get upset with people, no one expects you to be perfect or a robot, but I do expect you to try to talk things out to figure out what is going on," Elijah scolded.  "Why don't you just hit me already? You hate me, Dana hates me, everyone hates me here!" Penny exploded.  Elijah picked up Penny and dragged her onto his lap, she pounded on his chest for a moment.  "Shhh, Penny, I love you. No one hates you, and no one is going to hit you," Elijah said softly.  Penny looked at him with big eyes, "Really?"  "Penelope, you got a spanking for being disrespectful to Aunt Freya the other day. But you had been warned about that several different times, weren't you? Your father tried many different ways to get you to start behaving, but you were still disrespectful," Elijah reminded her.  "I guess," Penny griped.  "Now, if you do something dangerous or hurt someone on purpose, I will give you a licking with the ruler myself. But it's okay to have disagreements with your family sometimes," Elijah said still hugging her.  "Okay," Penny sniffed.  "But you have to try to make up with them because we love each other. I know it's hard to always like each other, but for always and forever, we have to love each other. Now, why did you take Finn's toy?" Elijah repeated.  "I just wanted it and he wouldn't give it to me. He supposed to share," Penny said sternly.  "Yes, it's nice to share. I can talk to Finn about this, but it's his choice if he wants to share his toys. He doesn't have to, just like you don't have to share your toys, and you need to respect that.  Did you hit Finn?" Elijah said.  Penny frowned and began to cry again, "Yes, but I was mad."  "That's very naughty. Don't we say to use your words. You didn't do that. Finn is getting an early bedtime for not listening. What should your consequences be?" Elijah inquired.  "Tell him sorry and...," Penny faltered.  "And what?" Elijah prompted. "Go to bed early, too?" Penny said quietly.  "I think that's fair. Now, I'm going to warn you that the next time this happens and you hit someone, we will be having a much different conversation. I heard your father warn you that you were to be on your best behavior while he was gone. Is this the best you know how to act?" Elijah pressed.  "No, Uncle Elijah, I guess not," Penny said slowly. Elijah wiped away her tears with a tissue.  "Okay, let's go talk to Finn.  Then, Vanessa or Dana can help you get ready for bed. You can read your chapter book, but no tv. Then, bed at 9pm, instead of 9:30pm. Want me to carry you up?" Elijah offered.  Penny smiled and nodded, "Yes, please!"  Elijah carried her up and let her make up with Finn. Vanessa took Rachael and Penny to their room to make sure they were getting ready for bed. Finn was pouting that he couldn't watch tv, but Henrik was still allowed to. "Henrik didn't disobey me, you did. You sometimes have quite the temper and it gets you in trouble. Did you have to call Penny mean and say you hated her?" Elijah asked.  Finn reddened, "No, but sometimes it's true." Sadie jumped up on Finn's bed and he began to pet her. "Oh Finn, I know she is not always nice to you. She had no right to hit you and take your toy. But you could have offered to let her play with it after you were finished. Would that be something you could do next time?" Elijah asked.  "Maybe," Finn admitted.  "Okay, that's all we ask is try to get along. I am proud of you for not hitting her back.  Can you promise me you won't fight on the bus on Thursday?" Elijah smiled.  "Yes, Dad. Do I have to go to sleep now? This sucks!" Finn blurted.  "Watch it. No, you can read, you have a half hour. Henrik, do you want to come watch tv in my room?" Elijah asked.  "Yes!" Henrik said throwing down his action figure that he was playing with onto the floor.  "Dad! That's not fair, I don't want to stay in here by myself," Finn said bursting into tears.  "Finn, I'll get my book and read in here with you, okay? Henrik can sit with Vanessa. Now, enough. Let's go," Elijah directed. He took Henrik back to his room, got his book, and started to make his way back to Finn. This plan satisfied Finn and he opened his book to where he left off.  He heard a thud on the wall that they shared with the older boys and wondered if he had time to see what the older boys were doing. He decided to just stay in bed. If he left, Sadie might try to leave also.
  
    Chapter Text
    KitchenThursday, January 4, 2011MorningElijah and Vanessa made sure to get up early to get all the kids off to school. They were sending Penny off for the first time to Finn and Henrik's private school. Rachael was starting at Mystic Falls High School.  Although they had packed all the lunches and had everyone set out their backpacks and clothes the night before, it was still chaos in the morning. The newly made hybrid kids got a thermos each of blood in addition to lunch. They were also warned to stay calm and not let themselves vamp out or get too hungry.  Vanessa's eyes bulged when she saw what Rachael was wearing. "Rachael, we picked out an outfit for you last night!" Vanessa exclaimed.  "I changed my mind!" Rachael replied flippantly. Rachael had on a short plaid skirt with a tight white see-thru blouse that was unbuttoned to reveal a lacy bra.  "Well, you can march yourself back upstairs and change back into that. I was a teacher at MFHS and your outfit is a flagrant violation of the dress code," Vanessa said sternly.  Rachael balked, "Not cool. I don't see what's wrong with this outfit."  "I don't have time to argue with you. Do you really want people to be able to see your underwear when you are going up the stairs? And a red bra under a white shirt?  We can talk about it later. Go change, please! Now!" Vanessa ordered pointing up the stairway.  Matt and Erik were eating cereal at the counter and started snickering. They had never really heard Vanessa yell at anyone before. She was a very sweet and gentle person by nature and she was always patient with Finn and Henrik, even on their worst days. Vanessa gave them a sheepish look and apologized, "Sorry, boys. I didn't mean to yell in your faces, but you know she'd be sent home in that get up." "Yes ma'am, I reckon, she would. She'd probably get detention!" Erik surmised. Matt flushed, "Just like I got detention from a certain Miss Monroe..., your first week."  Vanessa laughed, "Oh Matt, let's face it. I wasn't cut out for teaching high school. I probably should have stuck with teaching college kids. You guys had more attitude than I could deal with."  "Did you get in trouble?" Erik questioned taking a bite of his cereal. Matt's ears turned red, "Yeah, but I tried to hide it so I could out with this Abby chick...then got busted, and then got my butt really busted for lying! I don't know why I thought I would get away with it." "So we shouldn't hide it if we get in trouble, right?" Erik pressed.  "Face it, buddy. Just don't get in trouble, period. Right, Vanessa?" Matt asked.  "Exactly, I'm going to go get that girl down here before she makes you late!" Vanessa insisted. Tyler and Jeremy came down and almost ran into Vanessa.  "Hi boys, please eat and get your lunches. They are on the island," Vanessa said as she passed them.  Tyler did a double take, "What's with Vanessa? She never gets that stressed.""Oh, you should have seen Dana, or whatever the fuck her name is nows', um, outfit," Matt said laughing and indicating that Rachael's skirt and skirt were very low.  Connor came in from the backyard with the dog, "What y'all talkin' about?"  "T and a," Matt admitted.  Connor shook his head in confusion.  Tyler went to slap Matt on the back of his head, "Tits and ass. She's a little young, you perv."  Connor held up his hands, "Yeah, I don't wanna know. Where we are from, we learned to treat the ladies with some respect. Right, Erik?"  "Yeah, that's why your mom was a hooker!" Matt blurted out. The room was silent a second as everyone looked at Connor and Erik. Erik saw red instantly and vamped out, "What did you say?" He grabbed Matt and was about to slam his head down on the island before Connor stopped him by pulling him back with an elbow hooked around his neck. Erik was still shorter than Connor. Tyler pulled Matt back and go in front of him.  Matt realized what he said, "Sorry, man. I didn't mean it. I mean my mom tried to make out with Tyler. Really, I'm sorry." Matt was breathing hard. Connor had kept his hold on his little brother, he could feel his rage and hunger surging.  "That's enough! Let it go," Connor hissed into his ear. Erik shook off his older brother who used to be stronger than him. With his new hybrid strength, Erik was almost equally as strong as Connor.  "I'm good. Get the hell off of me, Connor," Erik growled.  "Guys, let it go or your asses are going to get stuck here with that weird tutor guy. Erik? You okay I mean it, calm down or you can forget about leaving here until you're 18 or 180.  Matt, that was a fucked up thing to say,...but yeah Kelly did try to make out with me at Founder's Day last year," Tyler laughed, trying to break the tension.  The rest of the guys except for Erik chimed in. Elijah came in a moment later, "Morning, we all ready, boys? I'm sorry. I know how much your father wanted to be here to see you off." Jeremy smirked, "Uncle Elijah, we're not going to kindergarten."  Elijah agreed, "I know. I didn't mean it like that. We'll you better leave. You should have let five minutes ago."  Matt said, "Vanessa went up to get Dana, I mean Rachael, she had on a real, um, short skirt."  "I guess you need to take the SUV today. Who's driving?" Elijah asked. "Me," Matt said getting the keys from the pegboard in the adjoining garage.  "Come on, Rachael!" Tyler hollered up the stairs, rolling his eyes.  "Matthew, no speeding. I'd rather you all get to school a little later than jeopardize your safety. Do you all have everything? Blood, lunches, coats, bags, enough money? I would drive Rachael, but we need to get Penny set up at the new school today so we're driving them. Erik, you all right?" Elijah asked with concern. After the hybrids got sick, he'd been keeping a close eye on them.  "I'm good," Erik said frowning. He was furious at Matt, but also at Connor. Didn't he care about their mother either?  "Guys, go get in the car, I'll send Rachael out in a moment. I love you. Please call if you need me to pick you up. Drink your blood slowly all day, don't just gulp it down in the morning, okay?" Elijah said. He vamped upstairs to find Rachael throwing a fit. Penny was in the bathroom slowly brushing her teeth and watch this all go down. "Rachael, the boys are in the SUV waiting on you! What's going on? It's your first day," Elijah thundered.  "She is saying she doesn't want to go because I won't let her wear an inappropriate outfit," Vanessa interrupted.  "Rachael, you have two minutes to put on the outfit that you chose with Vanessa last night," Elijah said sternly.  "Or what?" Rachael said putting her hands on her hips.  "Or you will not go to school and Vanessa and I will homeschool you. Either is fine with us," Elijah said lightly. Vanessa was trying not to smile.  "Oh hell no, I'm not staying with her," Rachael snarked.  "Oh, Vanessa is a certified teacher in the Commonwealth of Virginia! She'd handle most of your lessons and I'd do mathematics, music theory, and probably physics," Elijah mused.  Elijah went to check on Penny in the bathroom and Rachael got dressed and was in the SUV in one minute. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Hey Matt, you need to pull into the gas stations so I can get coffee and smokes," Rachael yawned.  "No way," Matt said, "I ain't getting in trouble over your ass. Plus, we're late."  "Coffee sounds good, bro," Tyler said yawning too.  "Or I could tell your uncle that you have a stack of porn mags under your bed!" Rachael grinned. Matt balked, his dad knew, but Uncle Elijah didn't approve and would probably take matters into his own hands if she told on him.  "So he's a guy? Big fucking deal," Jeremy scoffed. "I'll tell him that you have a joint in your little art case," Rachael went on.  "What? That must have been there for months. I forgot about it," Jeremy defended himself.  "Who do you think you are? Don't blackmail them?" Tyler retorted.  "Does Unkie Elijah know that you were fighting with your baby mama on the phone all night which is why you didn't get any sleep? I thought you weren't allowed on your cell phone at night?" Rachael asked harshly.  "Are you spying on us?" Tyler demanded.  "Whatcha gonna say about us, huh? Give it your best shot!" Connor confronted.  "Did you know your baby bro here steals money from everyone and keeps it in a sock?" Rachael giggled, "What a bad boy! You don't believe me, check the top right drawer with the rubbers in it."  Erik reddened and shouted, "It's just in case of emergencies! You fucking bitch!"  Connor said to Matt, "Just pull in already."  Matt made a sharp right into the gas station and parked. Tyler, Rachael, and Jeremy got out.  Matt growled, "We gotta got this hag outta the house. This is war!" Connor ignored Matt and turned to Erik in the row behind him, "You stealin' money again?"  Erik stared out the window silently.  "Erik, what'd I say I do if I caught you again? Answer me," Connor snapped. He had caught Erik stealing from their relatives several times when they were sent away.  "You gonna lick me, fine. But whatcha gonna do to yourself for not defending mama's honor? Huh, you gonna let him talk like that about the woman who gave birth to us? You outta whup him," Erik appealed, swiping away tears that escapes from his eyes with the back of his hand.  Matt shut his eyes and turned around, "Dammit, Erik, I apologized, okay. I don't know what I can do to make it up to you. Connor, man, it wasn't funny. I am really sorry." Erik wouldn't look at him.  Connor could tell Matt felt horrible.  "How about this? I'll forget about you stealing money if you forgive Matt. You can give it back. Then, we won't talk no more about it, ya hear?" Connor asserted.  Erik nodded slowly. He was was from, men would shake on things, but he was two rows back in the SUV.  "So we good?" Matt said in relief.  Erik slowly let out, "Yeah, Matt. I guess I done wrong, too. It's just that what our mama did, she did for us. Right, Connor?"  Connor turned around and nodded, "Yeah, man. She did it for us." Connor would never tell him that Connor had stolen money to get them food and that their mother only cared about drugs, that's how deep she was in her addiction. Erik couldn't handle the truth and he couldn't ever find out. Connor had always tried to shelter him from the worst truths of their lives. If possible, Matt felt worse. He looked at the clock and honked. They were going to be late if they didn't leave now. He laid on the horn.  "I shouldn't of called her a f-ing b..." Erik recalled with regret. This temper was getting out of control. "Rachael? No, you shouldn't have, but she wanted to get her way. She tells Uncle Elijah..., I don't want to hear you whining if you get it or whatever," Connor lectured.  "Let's just keep everything quiet. Dad should be home tomorrow or the next day. He will get fired up if we get in trouble when he's gone," Matt predicted.  "Drive!" Tyler said as Jeremy and Rachael also got in the car.  Matt took off before the three teens could get their belts on. He was speeding down the road to Mystic Falls High School when they heard the siren.  "Fuck! No!" Matt yelled slamming his fist on the steering. "Pull over," Tyler yelled. Tyler had seen the cop in the gas station only after Rachael compelled the cashier to give them free stuff and hand over the cigarettes. Tyler realized that he may have seen them after all. This was bad.   An hour later the teens were not only all issued tardies for being late to school, they were also cited for speeding, not wearing seat belts, and possession of tobacco. The police office had issued the violation of Code of Virginia § 18.2-371.2, which prohibits anyone under 21 years of age from buying or trying to buy, or possessing any tobacco products. Then, he followed the teens to the high school to have a word with the principal.The principal tried to call Klaus as the guardian, but it went to voicemail. Then, Elijah was called, but his phone was also off. The teens were sent to in school suspension until they could be picked up and taken home. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah and Vanessa got Penny enrolled and kissed the boys goodbye. They drove him to enjoy having the house to themselves. Elijah glanced at his phone and groaned. "It's the school," Elijah said.  Another hour later, he had all six squirming teens back at home because they were suspended for one day. He made sure they had all of their school work. Elijah also found out this was not the first time they were late, it was the fourth tardy. "Go sit in the dining room, please," Elijah instructed.  "But Uncle Elijah, it's not fair. This is all Rachael's fault!" Tyler growled.  "That's strike one, Tyler. I'm not arguing with any of you," Elijah said firmly.  "But Connor really didn't do anything!" Matt added. "That's your strike one. You get to three and I think you know what happens by now," Elijah insisted. Matt paled and glanced at Connor helplessly. Connor waved him off. It was not use Matt getting his bare butt paddled in front of everyone for no reason.  Vanessa came in and gave each teen a notebook and a pen.  "Write your name on the cover. On the front page, write the date, please write in your own words what happened that go you in trouble. You can also write how you could have made better choices," Elijah directed.  "This is stupid! I'm not doing this!" Tyler hissed in anger.  "That's strike two. Go get the paddle on the refrigerator and bring it in here," Elijah commanded. "Tyler, Don't make me get to three," Elijah said in a gentler tone. Tyler flushed, but the smirk on Rachael's face kept him from mouthing off again.  Tyler stomped into the kitchen and felt on top of the refrigerator for the paddle, he first felt the heavier wooden school paddle and pushed that aside to reveal the round Jokari paddle that was drilled with holes. It felt surprisingly light to him and he cursed himself for not destroying it the last time he got paddled.  Tyler marched back in the dining room and handed the paddle to his uncle with a red face, avoiding meeting anyone's eyes at the table. "Thank you. Now, go sit down and do as I asked or the next time you are going to be sitting on your sore, red behind. That goes for all of you," Elijah threatened. Tyler nodded and sat down without  Rachael grunted and snickered, "Whatever."  "Do you have a problem, young lady?" Elijah pressed.  Rachael was unsure how much she could push the ancient vampire in front of the five boys. She shrugged noncommittally.  "I asked you a question and I expected an answer," Elijah retorted.  "No, I don't have a problem, SIR," Rachael snipped.  "Well, you may in a few minutes if you don't control yourself. Now, write down all the things that got you into trouble today and what you should have done differently," Elijah repeated pacing behind them as they wrote.  Rachael knew she was doomed as she had caused the whole incident. She wrote that she made everyone late by asking Matt to stop in the gas station for coffee. She left out the part about the cigarettes until she remember the citation. She added that, but then left out the part about the blackmail. Matt wrote that he was speeding and took off before everyone had on their seat belts. He left out the part about the porn that Rachael blackmailed him with at first. Then, he looked at Rachael and decided that the truth would come out and what she did was wrong and caused all of it. Matt was probably getting the worst punishment anyway so he might as well drag he down with him.Matt then added what he said about Connor and Erik's mom. Matt looked over at Erik writing dejectedly.  Tyler wrote that he had been fighting with Caroline all night. She thought he was pulling away and getting "cold feet" about being a dad. In a way, she was right. He was scared and maybe couldn't face it. He had barely spoken to his mother since she had found out about the babies. Caroline also wanted him to talk to his mom, but he just couldn't right now.  Erik wrote that he had been stealing money and storing it in his drawer in case he needed it to run away. He wrote that he had called Rachael a fucking bitch.  Connor admitted that he had promised to punish his brother for doing something, but didn't follow up because he wanted him to forgive someone else. Connor felt he was wrong for not keeping his word, but he didn't know if it was his place to punish his brother anymore. He wrote that he had never talked to his dad about this. Jeremy admitted that he may have stashed a joint in his art box a few months back and forgotten about it. Elijah could drug test him and know he wasn't using again. He wanted Elijah to know that Rachael was snooping or using his magic to blackmail them. It wasn't right. Jeremy had gotten coffee and not paid for it at the gas station because Rachael compelled the cashier to give her the coffee and cigarettes for free. "Is everyone finished?" Elijah asked after giving them fifteen minutes.  They nodded. "Okay, good. I'm going to ask all of you to take out your cell phones and hand them over. I think it is safe to say that you have lost them for the day, as well as being grounded. You can turn them off. Rachael, Niklaus called and said they found your sister and struck a deal to try to free your...brother? I'm not sure what that means," Elijah said calmly.  Rachael popped up out of her seat, "My brother Kai? Wow, that's great news. Thanks." The boys just eyed her with suspicion as they put their cell phones in the middle of the table. Rachael sat down heavily finally realizing how much they disliked her. "I guess I owe all of you an apology for today. As you will see, I caused this whole mess," Rachael gulped.  Connor looked at Elijah for permission, "Can I say something to her?"  Elijah nodded, "Sure, Connor." "I know what's it like to be waiting on kin to see whether or not they are dead or alive. It ain't a good feeling no matter what the issues. Erik, when you were gone, I weren't myself thinking about you being hurt, or cold, or hungry. I know Rachael hasn't been a ball of sunshine and some of us may blame her for our troubles, but some of us also brought some of that on ourselves," Connor finished.  "Thank you, Connor," Elijah said patting him on the shoulder.  "I'm going to ask all of you to go to your rooms. You can work on your school work that you are missing today until I come up for you. Children, please look at me, I know you are not having the best day and frankly, Vanessa and I had plans today to do some wedding planning, but it's not the end of the world, okay? I do take your safety seriously and the fact that you could have impacted others into consideration, but all in all, no real harm came to anyone. As to the tardies, I am going to let your father deal with that, but as far as I'm concerned, you can all ride the bus from now on. Connor, would you stay please?" Elijah asked.  "Yes, sir," Connor said watching the rest nervously disperse upstairs.  "Thank you. Can you tell me more about Erik and the hoarding of money?" Elijah asked sitting down at the dining room table.  "Ah, sure. When we were growing up, I used to steal money from our mother's purse for food and stuff to live off of. Then, when we come up here, Erik continued to steal from our aunt in case we needed to run away. She caught him and said the next time, she was going to put him in a home. I warned him that I'd whip him if he stole money again. Rachael accused him of it this morning and he admitted it, but I couldn't punish him for it," Connor said quietly.  "Connor, you don't have to discipline him anymore. That's not your job," Elijah cautioned. "Matt called our mother a hooker and Erik was heated over it. I said I'd forget about the money, if Erik forgave Matt for what he said about mama. He agreed, but Uncle Elijah, I broke my promise to him," Connor said shamefully.  "Connor, forget that. I think Erik must still be feeling a little insecure about his place here. I want you to feel free to just be a brother to him, let us be the bad guys if needed. I'll talk to him about the money," Elijah promised.  "Are you gonna whup him?" Connor asked pointedly.  "I think an apology to Rachael for what he said to Rachael will be enough punishment for him today. If he fights me on that, I'll deal with it, but I wonder how she knew he was stealing money," Elijah assured him.  Connor had been holding his breathe, "Okay, that's fair. I don't know Uncle Elijah, she knew an awful lot." "I'll look into it. Go do your school work. Can you send down Erik, please? And Connor, if we need to get your brother help, we will. You two have been through so much, it breaks my heart. I appreciate your good behavior and how respectful you both are, but I want you to know that...you don't have to feel like we won't love you or keep you here if you are not perfect. I just need you to know that," Elijah said solemnly.  Connor nodded, "That you, sir-, I mean, Uncle Elijah."  He wondered if he did feel like he had to walk around on egg shells all the time or he would be booted out. He didn't feel like he did, he was just grateful for having a family now and not having to scramble everyday to survive. Being a hybrid was intense, but he loved feeling strong enough to protect himself and others...Connor stopped.  "I don't feel like that. Y'all have never made me feel like we had to act better or anything. The only thing I had to work on real hard was to stop cussin' so much. After that, the rest was easy," Connor admitted.  "I'm glad to hear it, Connor," Elijah said. Erik came down a moment later and Elijah had him sit down at the table. "Hey, I talked to Connor," Elijah started. Erik looked miserable. Elijah sat near him and took his hands."Eric, this family has a vast fortune. You don't have to worry about money. Were you planning to run away again?" Elijah asked gently.  "No, sir. I-I just wanted it in case something happens and I have to leave. Like say y'all don't want us and you know..., we have to go. The other boys just leave money laying all over, on the tables, floor, counters. I'm sorry. I didn't spend any of it," Erik confessed.  "Erik, we'll never not want you. Your father is not here, but he would be the first to talk you that he would never let you go. You're family, always and forever. When you became a hybrid, you got the gift, or curse I sometimes think, of immortality, that means, you are always one of us. You don't have to worry about leaving. Do you understand?" Elijah prompted.  Erik nodded. "Now about you calling Rachael those names, I understand you were upset because she was blackmailing you,-" Elijah started. "I admit that I don't care for her much, but I will tell her I am sorry. I got real mad at Matt for saying something ugly about my mama, so I'll understand if she don't forgive me, but I'll try," Erik said sincerely, looking down as his blond hair was in his face.  "Thank you. We'll leave it at that then. Can you send Tyler down here please? And Erik, we love you very much," Elijah said standing up and hugging him tightly. Tyler trudged down next. He looked exhausted.  "You look exhausted," Elijah commented.  Tyler admitted, "I'm sorry, Uncle Elijah, for before. I am. I know you warned me about the phone and I should have listened. It's just in a couple of months, you know..." "You'll be a father. Tyler, I know you are under a lot of stress, but that makes it more important as a hybrid that you eat and sleep on a regular basis, okay? We told you all that we wouldn't take your phones for more than a day. I think it's important that you learn how to regulate how to use it on your own. Us, just taking it all night, doesn't solve any problems, does it?" Elijah shared.  "No, I guess not," Tyler agreed.  Elijah patted Tyler's cheek, "Do you want to go sleep in Kol's room for a couple of hours? You came pretty close to getting yourself swatted in front of everyone today, but I think it's more your lack of sleep than anything else. Go put the paddle back. But Tyler, next time, no more warnings, you've been pushing it these last few weeks," Elijah reminded him.  "I know. I'm sorry. I'll get myself back in a regular schedule and...can the attitude. Yeah, I will go sleep, if that's okay. Do you think Dad will be home tomorrow?" Tyler asked hopefully.  "I hope so, Tyler, I do. Go sleep. We can talk about the future more maybe this weekend. I'm going to head up to see Matt and Jeremy," Elijah said grimly. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah knocked and came in to find Jeremy sketching and Matt writing from a biology book.  "Jeremy, all your school work is caught up?" Elijah asked.  "Ahhhh, I was going to start the algebra, but," Jeremy stammered.  "Thank you for not lying to me, young man, but today was not the best time to disobey me, was it?" Elijah reasoned.  Jeremy froze, "Come on, Uncle Elijah. That joint was old! I didn't know it was there!"  Elijah gave him a hard look, "I happened to know your father bought you that art bin for your birthday which was how long ago?"  "One month," Jeremy repeated glumly.  "So?" Elijah asked.  "An old friend gave it to me. I didn't smoke it! Here, take it. I just...Fine, I'm sorry. I didn't think it was a big deal," Jeremy scoffed.  "Jeremy, that is a lie and you know it! You are getting very close to not only getting your backside spanked, but getting a mouth full of soap. Now, start telling the truth," Elijah warned.  Jeremy exhaled loudly, "The truth is that I like to have a joint or two around just so I could smoke it if I wanted to, it's like a back up. You know, Matt and I just got kidnapped by my crazy uncle and I didn't smoke it then. It's just a safety net, okay? Is that a fucking crime? Unlike the rest of you, I didn't kill a bunch of people or shit like that, so can you give me a break?" Elijah vamped over to Jeremy and yanked him up off the bed by his bicep. "I don't know where this attitude is coming from, but I don't like it. Let's see if some time in the corner improves it?" Elijah said guiding Jeremy over to the wall. "Stand here and think about the rules about drugs in this house. I'm sorry you had a bad experience, but we've been through the drug talk before and you know how I feel. I love you, Jeremy, and I don't want to see you go down this path again. I'm going to talk to Matt and then we're going to deal with your misbehaviors today," Elijah promised patting Jeremy on the back.  Elijah turned to Matt who looked paled and shaky. He looked at Elijah with a scared expression, "I was stupid today. You warned us not to speed and I did because of these..." Matt took out his stack of pornographic magazines and pushed them over on his bed.  "Matthew, your father told me about them and asked me to just leave it alone. I'm sorry, actually, about before when I caught you with...the way I handled all that, I wish I would have made it more clear how pornography degrades and exploits women, it is devoid of tenderness and caring in its images. I want you to have a loving, committed relationship someday. and porn objectives woman, they are not toys who exist for the pleasure of men. But it's okay to be curious and you shouldn't be ashamed of all this, really, but know that the pornography is a lie. Don't expect real women to look like that or act like that, or want those things, it's just not real," Elijah admitted.  "I thought you would get mad. I sped off like a freakin' race car driver because...I stopped off at that gas station. Rachael threatened to tell you and I didn't want to get into trouble. Now, I got this ticket and everyone is in trouble," Matt said dismayed by his own behavior. "I know you feel guilty, Matt. Sometimes when someone backs us into a corner, we don't react the way we wish would have. We make mistakes. I do think you need to be punished, not for the magazine though. For the speeding and reckless driving only. " Elijah asked.  Matt looked down in shame, "Okay""Go stand in the corner. I'm going to punish Jeremy first. I love you, Matt. I know you take a lot of pride in trying to drive safety and doing the right thing. We're not going to let this derail you, okay?" Elijah said. "Switch places with Jeremy."  "Jeremy, come here please," Elijah said quietly. Jeremy plodded over glumly to stand in front of Elijah who moved to sit on Jeremy's bed."I wish your father was here to deal with this, but I'm afraid you are stuck with me," Elijah said.  "It's okay. He's been busy," Jeremy mumbled. "I'm sure he'll spend some time with you when he gets back. Jeremy, look, once you get punished, it's all over," Elijah promised.  "Please don't, Uncle Elijah," Jeremy begged at the last minute. "Pants down, over my lap," Elijah said leaning Jeremy over his left leg. Jeremy slipped down his jeans to his knees exposing his cotton briefs. Elijah arranged him and let Jeremy's legs rest on the floor. He gave him a quick warm up over his briefs. Jeremy squirmed and gasped at the sharpness of some of the swats. After Elijah spanked him for two minutes and Jeremy was writhing, Elijah pulled down his briefs to meet his jeans.  "Not bare!" Jeremy yelped as he got the first hard smack across both checks. Crack!  After nine more smacks in the same area that left Jeremy stomping and twisting, Elijah rearranged Jeremy so his legs were now resting on the bed.  "For lying and cursing, I'm going to paddle you with the hairbrush," Elijah said pulling a hairbrush out of his jacket.  Jeremy balked and panicked as his backside was already hot and burning.  "No! No hairbrush! Please! AAAHHHHH, AHHHHH," Jeremy wailed as Elijah bit into his backside with the flat brush.  Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! "What should you have done with the drugs?" Elijah prompted, pausing and rubbing the brush against his backside.  "I should have thrown them out. I'm sorry!" Jeremy screamed anticipating the next wave of swats across his red behind.Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Jeremy sobbed pitifully and Elijah let him cry it out before pulling up his pants. He pulled Jeremy into his lap and rocked him. "No more drugs, you don't need them. We're here for you. You can talk to us. Next time, we have an incident, you're not just getting a paddling with the hairbrush, you're going to a rehab center," Elijah threatened.  "But I didn't even smoke it," Jeremy cried.  Elijah swatted him on the thigh.  "I don't care. We said no drugs. What if the boys got into your case? Now, you can rest a while and then do your algebra. I'm going to check it," Elijah said putting Jeremy in bed on his stomach.  Elijah went and sat on Matt's bed. He gave Matt the same short, intense spanking and following up with ten hard smacks on the bare bottom with the hair brush. Matt felt his guilt subside, but the sting and soreness in his backside was sharp for a while. Elijah had made sure that both of them had red backsides, but were not bruised. He knew they missed their father and felt his absence. Elijah intended to let his brother know that he was very firm with them and he would not need to follow up with any additional punishments, except maybe letting the teens take the bus to school for now on.  The only one left to deal with was Rachael. Elijah had asked Vanessa to come with him. He really didn't want to face her alone. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Thursday, January 4, 2011AfternoonTyler knocked on Matt and Jeremy's room an hour after Elijah left. Jeremy had slept a little. Matt had drifted off into a deep sleep, but woke up when he heard the knock.  "Damn! Oh sorry, I just I just assumed...," Tyler started.  "What? That we didn't get our asses beat? Wrong," Jeremy winced turning.  Tyler felt bad and cringe, "Sorry, I am surprised I didn't get it today, too. But I think Uncle Elijah is just gonna let the old man deal with me. He's warned me about the phone and my 'attitude' a lot so...I don't know, maybe I'm okay, but-" "Nah, Ty, it's okay. Don't feel bad. Honestly, we both had worse, a lot worse. I just hope that little tramp Rachael gets put in her damn place today," Matt fumed.  Jeremy nodded, "I don't know. It seems that girls can get away with whatever the fuck around here. I mean, Penny was horrible, Davina is a brat half the time and no one says shit, and this Rachael! I guarantee, she doesn't get punished and will just fuck with us worse."  Tyler was taken aback, "Yeah, they oughta take a belt to her or worse...What's that shit with her brother now? And some twin? Christ, two more siphons? They are scary as hell. Like she could suck me dry of magic with one touch. Hey, I should have asked before but do you guys want some blood?"  Matt rubbed his backside gingerly, it felt hot and itchy. There was a spot on the center of each cheek that was still a little sore from the hairbrush. Screw it. "Yeah, I'll take some. Especially, if we gotta do all that homework, I don't want to be sitting on a sore ass," Matt announced.  "I'll indulged in some of your healing blood, too, Ty. Thanks, man," Jeremy said.  Tyler got two plastic cups from the bathroom and bit into his wrist and gave them both a small amount of blood.  Connor walked in, "What are y'all doing? I thought we was supposed to stay in our rooms?"  "Shit!" Tyler said like Elijah's directives had already slipped his mind.  "Ty just healed us. You look okay," Jeremy mentioned.  "Erik and I didn't get a licking. He has to apologize to Rachael for what he called her. That's it," Erik said slowly.  "She deserved it, though. That's kinda bullshit," Matt spouted.  Connor nodded, "What was he gonna do? Argue? What do you think is happening with her?"  Tyler frowned, "I bet she gets off with a slap on the wrist. Boys, we might need to take our own revenge. We need to think of some ideas."  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Rachael, we'll like to talk to you now," Vanessa said to the reclining girl.  "Well, talk. I'm here," Rachael sassed not looking at them.  Elijah insisted, "Sit over here on the couch area. It's better to talk to people when you can look them in the eye." Rachael groaned and dragged her self over to the couch. She had changed into pajamas and had washed off her make up. Vanessa and Elijah sat stiffly in the arm chairs opposite of the small couch that Rachael slumped in. "Any word on my brother or my sister?" Rachael asked.  "Not yet. I've been a bit...busy, so I haven't spoken to Niklaus or Freya. Rachael, from what I did hear, it seems like you and hopefully your siblings may be with us for a long while. You will join this family. As such, we will expect you to start behaving as a responsible and loyal family member. I am horrified at the level of deceit and blackmail that you subjected the boys to. They didn't deserve it. We tried to wean you off the cigarettes slowly, but you almost ruined that today when you obtained a whole pack...Not to mention that you made all of you late to school and caused you to get suspended. I can't even address the police aspect right now," Elijah lectured.  "Look, I said I was sorry. What do you want from me?" Rachael snapped.  "How about a little respect, for starters? Rachael, you disobeyed me this morning about the outfit. I don't know what you were trying to pull there, but that is not the kind of attention you need on your first day at a new school." Vanessa added her green eyes sparking with frustration at the hybrid witch-vampire's attitude.  "So now you are trying to slut shame me? I should be able to wear what I want. You two aren't my guardians, Freya said she would be mine. What do you care anyway?" Rachael griped.  "Rachael, we do care about you? And we care enough about you to not only feed, shelter, clothe, and teach you about your abilities, but to discipline you when you have crossed the line," Elijah countered.  "Try to hit me, I drain you dry. You are crazy if you think I'm going to bend over and let you use that hideous paddle on me!" Rachael yelled.  "Rachael, your behavior today was very disappointing. I don't know if you have been snooping physically or with magic, but you caused a lot of problems. You lied, stole, blackmailed, broke the law, caused others to break the law, disobeyed about your outside, and were late. That was all just before 7:30 am. Now do you really not feel like you need to be punished?" Elijah questioned.  "I guess so, but what are you going to do to me?" Rachael asked quietly.  Elijah and Vanessa exchanged a look that made Rachael nervous.  "Personally, young lady, I think that you are long overdue for a good spanking. Yes, I know that is out of fashion these days, but for a good many centuries it seemed to do the trick to get many a wayward child whistling a new tune, myself included," Elijah admitted.  "You got spanked and now you want to spank me? That's ridiculous. I'm way too old," Rachael guffawed.  Vanessa cut in, "Normally, I would agree, but have you been behaving with any sign of maturity or respect? We've bent over backwards to be kind to you and help make you your vegan food, I took you shopping for new clothes and accessories, Freya and Kol have been teaching you magic and how do you react? With blackmail and malice? I think the way you acted today is disgraceful." Rachael started to defend herself, but stopped.  "I don't know what to say," Rachael admitted.  "Rachael, I will give you some input here. As you are correct, you are not my daughter or ward, I will let you pick your punishment. You can stay in this room until Freya, Niklaus, and Kol come back under restriction. That means, no television, computers, games, or anything. You can come out for meals, of course, but other than that you are in your room with no cell phone. We'll have Penny stay with Henrik and Finn. That will give you time to think," Elijah shared.  "Or I get my ass whipped?" Rachael spat.  Vanessa smiled, "No, you get a spanking on your backside just like any other naughty child in this house. Rachael, I was only turned a few months ago, I am not a thousand years old like Elijah, but I have come to see some merits in a quick spanking over fighting, yelling, grounding, or even just having hard feelings. I will stay in here with you. It will hurt and then it's over. I do think you need to apologize to each of the boys for what you've done, but I think they are more likely to forgive you if they know you got a real punishment. I know it's been a rocky start with them, but I promise you that will be good brothers to you, if you let them."  Rachael protested, "I have other brothers and I have Kai, how many brothers do I need?"  Elijah smiled, "I'm not sure if you know this but besides Niklaus and Kol, Henrik and Finn are really our brothers. Due to our mother's magic and some intervention with the Other Side, they were born again to us. They've forgotten most of their past lives now, but I can't imagine our lives without them. Don't discount people, Rachael, just because you think you don't need them."  Rachael folded her arms and pulled her knees up to her chest on the couch. She didn't like this conversation. She said sorry, why couldn't they drop it? "I won't force you to decide now, Rachael. But you can stay in here until you do,' Elijah proclaimed.  "I just want to get this over with. I guess I don't want everyone to hate me anymore, not if I'm staying. But I haven't been spanked since I was like eight! I don't know what to do," Rachael said flushing.  Vanessa said, "Why don't you go to the bathroom now? I'll go get some of Freya's salve. Elijah, can you grab some washcloths, I don't want to burn my hands." "Yes, dear. Rachael, it's going to sting. Once I start, I'm not going to end the spanking until I feel you learn your lesson even if it means I need to end with a few swats with the hairbrush or ruler. I won't brutalize you, but you are also half vampire and can take a harder spanking as your body heals very quickly," Elijah explained.  Rachael nodded and went to use the bathroom. She was wearing a very skimpy pair of underwear, that was practically a thong. That wasn't going to give her much protection, but surely she'd be allowed to keep up her pajama bottoms.  When Rachael came out of the bathroom, Elijah had pulled out the wooden chair from the vanity and put it near the bed and the nightstand. There was a squarish flat backed wooden hairbrush on the nightstand. Rachael almost panicked, but then Vanessa came in with a glass bottle. "This will slow down your healing, but not completely stop it. Don't touch your bottom with your hands or it will burn them. It has vervain in it. I have to use a rag to apply it," Vanessa said indicating to Rachael to come to her as she sat on the bed.  Rachael stood in front of her and Vanessa grabbed her hands and squeezed. "You're going to be okay, but you were very unruly today. No more of that, okay? We wouldn't be doing this, if we didn't care about you. Now, I'm going to slip these pants down," Vanessa said.  Rachael squeezed her eyes shut as she felt her cotton p.j. bottoms fall and Vanessa turned her to apply the salve.  "Rachael!" Vanessa scolded with a swat. Vanessa was shocked to see the teen wearing a pair of thong panties that left her whole backside exposed. They were lacy and looked very expensive. There was no way the runaway had brought these with her, nor we they the cotton underwear that Vanessa had bought her previously. Crack! "Owwwwww," Rachael whined reaching back with her splayed hands to protect her behind. "This is a thong! Where did you get this? Have you been in Rebekah and Davina's things? These certainly aren't mine," Vanessa pressed.  "Yeah, I figured since they leave them here, they didn't want them. There was a whole back of stuff in the big closet with the tags on it...," Rachael continued, rubbing the spot where Vanessa spanked her.  Elijah rolled his eyes. He knew his sister bought more than she could wear and didn't know what she had. Smack! Elijah was surprised that Vanessa cracked Rachael's behind again. She had never so much as threatened to smack the boys. "Ouch! I can wear what I want!" Rachael argued. Vanessa grabbed her and leaned her over to apply a few more smacks. Crack! Crack! Crack! "No, that's stealing. They are inappropriate, and you are not to be snooping around this house. Do you understand?" Vanessa said.  "Yes! S-sorry, no more. I didn't think you were going to spank me!" Rachael yelped as Vanessa swatted her twice more. Crack! Crack! "Either did I. You are to wear the appropriate underwear I bought you. You don't wear a thong around the house under your pajamas, it's not... healthy. Good lord, you'd be better off to..,never mind. I'm doing the salve. We have three kids coming home soon and I don't think you want Penny to see you like this," Vanessa preached.  "No, ma'am," Rachael cried softly. Vanessa slathered on the liniment careful to use the rag and not get it on her hands. She pulled up the cotton p.j.s and swatted Rachael's bottom hard once more. This time with the salve applied, hit different.  "Whoa! That hurt!" Rachael moaned.  Elijah chuckled, "Yes, it does. Now come here and let's get this over with."  Rachael rubbed her backside and cast Vanessa a dirty look before taking two steps over to Elijah.  He stood Rachael in front of him and gently held her hands at her side. "I want you to tell me why and how you found out all of those things about everyone," Elijah said softly.  "I didn't use magic, okay? I just snooped around through the boys' stuff and the empty rooms. I figured some stuff out by watching. It's just a habit I have, I like to know stuff about people and I use it to get what I want. I never really thought about it as bad before, but now I see it is. If I thought I could get smacked, I wouldn't have done it," Rachael complained.  "Rachael, dear, everyone makes mistakes and you are going to pay for yours now. I just want you to know that they are good boys and like you, and your siblings, they have all been through a lot. They deserve privacy and not to have to worry about someone going through their things in their own home. So when you can, I want you to talk to them and maybe you can find a common ground," Elijah said hopefully.  Rachael nodded. Elijah flipped her over his lap and she gripped the rungs of the wooden chair. Her feet barely brushed the floor. Elijah rested his hand on her backside and then brought it down crispy. Vanessa was rinsing out the washcloth and tidying up the room.  Rachael at first just felt a warming sensation as the random smacks landed all over her backside. She was able to keep still and thought she could handle it just fine, then after the first twenty light swats, the smacks got firmer and faster.  Rachael grunted and began to shift. The smacks built into a heat that was now making it impossible for her to be still. Rachael shifted her hips and tapped her feet on the floor. She couldn't let go of the rungs as her feet had no purchase.  "Okay, t-that's enough. I get it. No blackmail! I quit s-smoking," Rachael gasped.  "I warned you that the spanking would be over when I say, not you. Now keep still. We have a long way to go," Elijah said swatting down across both of her cheeks.  "No, come on. E-Enough. Fuck, stop. Vanessa!" Rachael yelled. Elijah was aghast, "Did you just curse? That's one. You get to three and you will get the spanks that Tyler almost got today when he got three strikes. Now, you behave yourself."  "Ahhhhh, ahhhhh, god damn, please, just freak, fucking s-stop!" Rachael screamed with tears streaming down her face. Elijah steadied her with his left arm and pulled her in tighter to administer some harder, but slower smacks. His hand was getting numb.  "That's two. Rachael, believe me. You don't want a paddling on your bare behind. I'm warning you. Vanessa went down to get the Jokari paddle on the refrigerator. Think about how you are going to start obeying in the future," Elijah admonished the squirming, thrashing girl.  Vanessa returned with the rounded paddle with holes drills in it. She didn't know what about this child tested her patience, but something certainly did. Elijah was spanking Rachael in a slower, lighter fashion, yet Rachael was kicking now with all her might.  "Settle down," Elijah warned smacking the top of her thighs.  "AWWWW! P-Please," Rachael wailed. "Elijah, she's trying to take off her bracelet!" Vanessa warned.  "What? Rachael, leave that thing along, young lady!" Elijah ordered.  "You prick! It's my magic. I'll s-suck you both dry," Rachael raged.  "That's three. I think you need to calm down in the corner and then you are going to get a paddling and take a nap. You lucky I'm not going to wash out your mouth with soap. You know better than to take off that bracelet. Freya warned you not to touch it. It's for your own protection," Elijah informed her.  Vanessa helped the sobbing girl off of Elijah's lap and led her to the corner after helping her wipe her face and blow her nose. She told her firmly to keep her arms at her side and then pulled down Rachael's pants to her knees.  Her backside was an even pink, but not too red, though she was making an awful fuss.  Elijah thanked Vanessa was hugging her and kissing her softly. He felt spent and just wanted to lie down himself.  "You didn't even spank her that hard," Vanessa whispered.  "I'll leave that to you. My dear, I have to admit, I'm surprised. You never even came close to spanking the boys...," Elijah started.  "It's just her defiance really grates on me. Was she going to try to siphon us, if she took off her bracelet? I think she needs to know that she is not running the show anymore. She is a child. Honestly, Elijah, I think she needs to know that we will not put up with this misbehavior at all. Oh my, she's rubbing her backside," Vanessa fumed.  Elijah picked up the Jokari paddle and vamped over to the corner.  "Move your hands. You're getting a swat with the paddle every time you touch your behind. Please, your hands are going to burn from the vervain. Now move your hands," Elijah ordered.  "N-No! I'm s-sorry. I forgot," Rachael bawled. "Young lady, one more time and you are going to get a spanking again right before bed. I don't care if Penny is here watching or not. Now, move your hands!" Elijah repeated.  Rachael reluctantly moved her hand away from her stinging cheeks. Pop! Elijah gave her a swat with the paddle using more of his wrist than force.  "Arghhhh!" Rachael groaned and her hands again went to her backside. Elijah saw that just that one swat reddened her bottom quite a bit. He looked back at Vanessa and she indicated the time.  "Okay, let's finish this," Elijah said leading Rachael out of the corner over to the couch. Rachael's p.j. bottoms were at her ankles now and she slowly shuffled over. He quickly put her over his knees and rested the Jokari over her now red, shiny hindquarters.  Pop! Rachael's legs kicked out and she broke into fresh wails. The holes from the paddle left little white welts on her behind. The while thong contrasted with the red areas where the paddle struck. Pop! Rachael fought to get off his lap and kicked off her pants.  Pop! Rachael now seemed to give in and just sobbed in her elbow. Elijah handed the paddle to Vanessa who took it and the salve to put away.  "All done, Rachael. Shhhh," Elijah soothed. He rubbed her back.  After Rachael calmed down, Elijah carried her to the bed. He pulled down the comforter and put her in on her stomach. To protect her modesty, he pulled the bed sheet over her now flaming behind. Elijah stayed on the side of the bed rubbing her back and smoothing back her hair until she fell into an exhausted sleep. They could talk when she woke up.  Vanessa came back up and told Elijah to go get the kids off the bus. She'd stay with Rachael until she woke up. Seeing her sleeping and now looking so young with her red hair, made Vanessa not want to leave her. All was forgiven now. Vanessa hoped they could start again when she woke up. She realized that the girl had reminded her a little of herself when she was the same age. Maybe Rachael got what she never did and would become stronger for it.
  
    Chapter Text
    Thursday, January 4, 2011Late AfternoonRachael woke up to see Vanessa sitting by the bed.  "You're still here?" Rachael asked in surprise. "Of course, Rachael. I wanted to make sure you were okay," Vanessa said."Any word on my sister? My brother?" Rachael said getting up. "Yes, actually, they are hoping to get your brother out tonight. Apparently, they have a lead on the vault and their is some lunar event tonight. Are you still sore?" Vanessa asked.  "A little actually, guess I should learn not to swear, huh. God, don't take this the wrong way, but I really need a smoke!" Rachael blurted out.  "Sweetie, you're only 14. It will be hard, but you can quit. How about you go take a shower? That will wash the salve off and you'll heal completely, probably after you have some extra blood.  And Rachael, that thong, what I was saying is you're probably better off just not to wear any underwear than wear those around the house. They are just not comfortable," Vanessa said getting her a regular pair of underwear and sweatpants out of the drawer.  "Sorry, I just thought maybe that was what guys liked. I never really had a boyfriend. I mean, the stuff you bought me was nice, but kind of...," Rachael started.  "Frumpy? How about we'll go shopping together soon? We can bring Penny and hopefully Freya and your sister. You would have loved shopping with Rebekah. She always finds everyone the best clothes... Actually, I guess I hated it when my mom would make me wear stuff I hated. She criticized me, not matter what I wore, even if she picked it out," Vanessa said, getting some towels out and starting the water for Rachael in the bathroom.  "Is she still alive?" Rachael called. "Yes, she's a pretty cold person, though. I haven't seen them since I turned. I know she would never accept me as a vampire. I had a pretty serious heart problem as a human and she always treated me as damaged goods. She only ever cared about what other people thought," Vanessa revealed.  "Oh, I guess I never realized that other people have problems, too. Sorry," Rachael added. "Oh, no, Rachael, everyone has problems, really. But I'm sorry if I overreacted about your outfit yesterday. I just I just didn't want people judging you. You're beautiful and strong, the truth is, you should just wear what the hell you want. Just make sure you are doing it for the right reasons," Vanessa said finally.  "Yeah, I will. I guess yesterday I just wanted to shock people, that's not really who I am. Thanks, Vanessa. Can I come out of my room after this? I guess I should try to make things up to the boys. Try anyway," Rachael admitted.  "Of course. We love you, Rachael. I know it's not easy to get through all the challenges without some bumps in the road, but you're not alone. Not anymore. All is forgiven now. I'll let you shower. It might sting more until you get the salve off. Maybe try some soap on that sea sponge," Vanessa suggested. She hugged Rachael tightly. Rachael thought she should have felt awkward since she had no pants on, but she didn't. She could tell that Vanessa, this kind and gentle new vampire, truly cared.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah was happy to hear that Finn and Henrik had a good day at school. They seemed to be making friends and getting interested in new things outside of home.  "Penny, dear, how was it?" Elijah prompted.  "Nice, I guess. The teacher was nice and these girls showed me around. They liked my hair and said I looked like Snow White from the story. This girl asked me if I could come to her house sometime, just to play," Penny marveled. After academic testing, she was in the same grade as Finn, but in another class. She saw him at recess. "That's great, Penny! So you and Finn are in the same grade now. Did you two play together at recess?" Elijah asked.  Finn laughed as if Elijah should have already known the answer and said, "No Dad! It's too cold. We stay inside our classroom playing games."  "Oh, my, I suppose I should have known that. How silly of me!" Elijah quipped.  "Was Sadie alone all day?" Henrik worried.  "Ah no, actually, the other kids got in a little bit of trouble today and end up back at home. I think Sadie was with Connor and Erik all day," Elijah remarked as they walked back to the house.  "Did they get in trouble?" Finn questioned.  "Yes, it's very bad to get sent home from school. I'm sure that will never happen to any of you. But Uncle Niklaus, Uncle Kol, and Aunt Freya will hopefully be home soon," Elijah answered.  "What did they do?" Penny asked suspiciously.  "Oh Penny, it's a long story. I don't want the three of you to worry about it. Now, is there anything you need to do tonight?" Elijah asked trying to change the subject.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Early EveningVanessa came down to greet the younger kids and get them something to eat. She gave Penny blood and the other two milk with their cookies. Elijah usually cut up apple slices and carrots, but he hadn't had time today.Elijah asked Vanessa, "How is Rachael? Is she awake?"  "She seems...great actually. We talked, maybe for the first time for real, she asked about her brother and sister. I told her what you told me. I also said that we'd go shopping together for some clothes she likes. I might have been channeling my own mother there...the way she would hound me over my appearance constantly. I don't want to rehash all that now. The younger kids seem to have had a good day," Vanessa finished.  "Thank you for being there with me. You know I never would have touched her without you there. I'll check in with her later. Actually, I'll go get the older boys now. They have been up there all day. I just hope Jeremy finished his school work. If not, he won't see daylight!" Elijah joked.  "I can help him," Vanessa smiled.  "No, my dear, it's algebra," Elijah said kissing her neck.  "Oh, forget it then. That's on you. I better check these backpacks. Freya's always so good at making sure they all have something for their lunches. She must hide the stuff because I think they ate all the snacks already," Vanessa frowned checking the pantry.  "And we never made it to the store today. I can go tonight or early tomorrow. Just let me know. Oh, how about Chinese for dinner?" Elijah suggested as he walked upstairs.  "Ah, kids probably would rather just have pizza again," Vanessa replied.  "Again? Really? Okay, pizza it is then," Elijah laughed.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^Rachael put on the sweatpants and a sweatshirt after her shower. Like Vanessa said, after she got the salve off, she felt the heat and tenderness in her backside recede. However, she still felt a lingering itch and warmness when she moved.  Rachael knocked on Tyler, Connor, and Erik's door. Erik opened it and Sadie also ran up to the door.  "Hey Sadie," she said petting the dog on the head. Erik pushed his blond hair behind his right ear and said, "Hey, I had to talk to you, too." He looked uncomfortable and sat back down on a bean bag chair near the video game system. Rachael gingerly sat on the small couch stiff.  "Um, so Elijah and Vanessa um, talked to me, I guess you can say and,-" Rachael stumbled.  "Nah, wait, I shouldn't have called you a bitch, no matter what. I'm real sorry, Rachael," Erik muttered looking down.  "No, Erik, I was a bitch. I had no right to look through your stuff and say that to everywhere. I'm the one who is sorry. I also got everyone in trouble. I don't blame anyone for being pissed at me," Rachael said plainly.  "It's okay. When I got here, I did worse, believe me. Then, I ran away and folks had to come and find me," Erik smiled.  "Really? You left here by yourself?" Rachael said surprised.  "Yeah, a lot happened with the Guerreras, but they came and got me and we fought them in the Bayou. I guess we got our revenge for what they did, if there is such a thing,-" Erik stated as Tyler and Connor came in.  Sadie ran to them and then heard the kids downstair and ran to meet them. Rachael gulped as there was a moment of silence.  Tyler spoke first, "I hope you're happy with yourself. I had to give Matt and Jer my fucking blood because they could barely sit after Uncle Elijah was done using his hairbrush on them!" Connor glanced at Tyler as he thought that was an exaggeration.  "I came to apologize. I shouldn't have tried to blackmail you, I got in trouble too," Rachael admitted shamefaced.  "Oh, you got in trouble, huh? Well, go tell that to Matt and Jer, I'm sure it will make them feel better," Tyler snapped. Connor intervened, "Come on, man. She said she was sorry. Let's let it go."  Tyler started to back down, but Rachael blurted out,"I got paddled. There? Are you happy? With that racquet thing you had to go get in the kitchen, okay?" Connor was surprised, "Really, that's the worst paddle! Those holes really hurt.""Well, okay, welcome to the club, I guess. Sorry, I was a dick, but it seems like girls get away with murder here when our dad doesn't put up with that shit," Tyler shared.  "Vanessa lit into me, too. Believe me, I'm good now," Rachael insisted.  "Wait, Vanessa spanked you?" Tyler asked incredulously.  "Yeah, what's the big deal?" Rachael retorted.  "Um, she doesn't even like yell so I'm just surprised. I always heard her talking Uncle Elijah out of spankings. I'm surprised she didn't put you in a time out and have you hug a teddy. Wow," Tyler gasped.  "Jeez, I must have that effect on people. So you're not mad?" Rachael prompted.  "Rachael, honestly, if we get stuck riding the bus, I'm not going to be happy and there's a chance our dad will beat the hell of me when he gets home, but not everything that happened today was on you," Tyler agreed.  "Thanks. I guess I'll go to see Matt and Jeremy. Wish me luck," Rachael said lightly, but feeling dread.  "Luck," Connor said.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Matt and Jeremy's roomMatt and Jeremy could barely look at Rachael when she came in.  "I don't know how to say it, but I'm sorry about today. I know you got in trouble and I did, too. I haven't been spanked in years and believe me, the last time was nothing like this afternoon...Look, just let me know what I can do to make it up to you," Rachael pressed.  Jeremy admitted, "Stop giving through our shit for starters. I just don't know what gave you the right." "Nothin'. I was bored and lonely. And Matt? I was really dying for a smoke. I just was a total asshole about it. That's not who I really am, I swear," Rachael pressed.  "Rachael, I'm totally willing to let it go. I mean, I fucked up this morning and said something really shitty to Erik and he forgave me so, I guess I can't really hold a grudge against you. Also, I could have said no, so lesson learned there," Matt verified. They heard a knock and Elijah opened the door. "Hey kids, we're getting pizza tonight. Matt, Jeremy, why don't you head downstairs and let Vanessa know what you want, okay. Let me talk to Rachael a minute. Jeremy, you finished your math?" Jeremy answered, "Yes, I did. You can check it if you want to."  "I will, later. Good job. We'll be down in a minute," Elijah said sitting down on Jeremy's bed.  Rachael was a little ashamed to see Elijah. He read that in her face. "None of that, come here. Let me hold you," Elijah said pulling her into his arms.  "I apologized to all of them. I-I don't think they h-hate me," Rachael confided.  "Of course, they don't, my dear. Being in this family means you can fight, but at the end of the day, we would all die for each other. Always and forever. You're a part of that now. It's not always easy because we all make mistakes. You know, I wasn't sure if I should punish you. But then I saw how miserable you looked and Vanessa thought that waiting for Freya would be torture. Dear, I didn't want to spank you, especially with that awful paddle, but we didn't know how else to get through to you," Elijah admitted as she wrapped her arms around him.  "You got through. I'm sorry that I threatened to siphon you and tried to take off the bracelet. I was just freakin'. It hurt more than I thought it would," Rachael confessed.  "I bet. It's all over now. I'm hoping your siblings and mine will be back last night if all goes well. Maybe Dana can stay with you and Penny tonight. We can always turn the game room on the third floor and the art studio into bedrooms if we need them. We could also move Niklaus' room from the second floor to the third. How well do you and Dana get along?" Elijah asked. "Remember how I said the last time I got spanked was when I was ten? Well, that was because Dana and I...tried to kill each other. We're either best friends or worst enemies. She used to get kind of jealous if I had other friends besides her. Luckily, before our parents locked him away, Kai, was the only person who could get her calmed down. Our parents always seemed to encourage us to compete against each other to see who the best leader who be, sadly they thought that would be our psycho sister Jo," Rachael acknowledged.  "And Jo is Kai's twin? She's the one Kai will need to hide from? If not, Freya or Bonnie should cloak him right away," Elijah suggested. "I can do a cloaking spell. I just need some magic this bracelet off," Rachael said.  "Well, see. Let's go down and see what kind of pizza they ordered. Penny was asking about you, remember, she still thinks you are Dana, so just a few hours more...," Elijah remarked.  "Good, I hate lying to her," Rachael said as Elijah put her on her feet. He stood and kissed the top of her head.  "Rachael, I love you and I want you to know that we will do what we can to protect all of you now," Elijah mentioned.  "Thanks. Love you, too. I appreciate everything you all have done. I know I haven't made it easy," Rachael admitted.  "None of that! Oh, I hear Penny yelling for you," Elijah smiled. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Friday, January 5, 20111 amThe jet landed and the party of five was chauffeured to the mansion.  "Hmm, this place is a shack. Did you all ever consider upgrading?" Kai quipped.  Klaus frowned and looked at Freya, "Does young Kai remind you of anyone?"  Kol looked offended, "Moi? I don't say a word and I still get lambasted. I guess that is the price of being the most handsome."  Dana noticed that there were lights on.  "Do you think everyone is up?" Dana wondered.  Klaus grumbled, "They better not be if they know what is good for them." Kai blurted, "What? Do they turn into pumpkins after midnight?"  "No, but I will put any child I catch out of bed after 10 pm over my knee so consider yourself warned," Klaus growled.  "That s a lot to unpack. Glad I'm not a child," Kai said lightly.  "Sixteen years old is a child to me," Klaus intoned.  "What's the point of me going to bed at 10 pm?" Kai pushed.  "School, that's what," Klaus offered.  "I'm not going to school here," Kai scoffed.  Klaus was getting irritated. Freya put a calming arm on him, "We'll talk about it later. Right now, let's get all of you inside and into bed."  "Not tired," Kai inserted.  Kol cringed, "This kid is like me, isn't he?  Kol junior."Klaus snickered, he loved the idea of Kol having to deal with another Kol... To Kai, "Look, bloke, just do as you are told so we don't have a big row the first bloody night, okay?"  "And I should listen to you because?" Kai sassed.  "Because if you don't, I will throw you to the wolf here," Kol said indicating Klaus. Klaus made his eyes glow yellow for a second. He did love to play the big, bad wolf when it suited him. Kai deflated, "Fine. I have been on my own for many years. It's kind of hard to adjust and go from one prison to around." "Mate, this isn't exactly a prison," Kol informed him pointing at the huge mansion they were fast approaching. "I know, I am grateful to be out of that 1903 prison world, you can't imagine how boring it was," Kai added.  "Well, Nik and I were around in 1903, so we might have a small idea," Kol stated.  Dana patted Kai, "You're out of there now." 
His eyes followed her hand, "I wasn't allowed to touch people. My whole life, they were so afraid of what I'd do that I couldn't touch anyone. I guess with this bracelet on, I don't have to worry about siphoning. That's new."  Freya warned, "And don't take it off. I will feel it if you do. It's not only for your safety, but our safety. Okay, let's go." Dana grabbed Kai's arm as they got out of the car. Their new life was beginning. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday, January 5, 20112 amFreya realized that Keelin was coming over tonight for dinner right as she finally fell into bed. It was Friday and she would be damned if they were going to cancel. She hadn't talked to Elijah about it, but that was not the kind of thing her brother just forgot about so she was sure he had a plan. They had gotten Kai settled in Kol's room on the second floor and Kol went to sleep in Davina's room on the empty third floor. Freya didn't think they should leave Kai up alone on the huge third floor by himself on his first night. He had argued that he was fine, but Freya insisted. They had to sit down and figure out the bedroom situation. The adults had talked about maybe switching Elijah and Vanessa to the current girls' room and Finn and Henrik to Matt and Jeremy's room. All four of the girls would move upstairs as Klaus said they could turn the game room into a bedroom or his art studio. One of the girls could move into Davina's bedroom to double up. Then, Matt, Jeremy, and Kai could move into Henrik and Finn's room which, although it didn't have an attached bath, was bigger. If Klaus knew how full the house would be, he would have had it completely designed and added more closets. Dana and Rachael had a tearful reunion as Klaus went and looked at a sleeping Penny. His sleeping beauty looked pale and innocent in bed. He hated that he had missed her first day of school. True to their word, the twin started arguing until Freya ordered them both to bed. They didn't want to sleep in the same bed, but it was a huge King size bed and they would have several feet apart. Dana was happy to see Penny, but Freya warned her not to wake up the girl or reveal that Rachael was actually Dana this whole time... Klaus then popped in Matt and Jeremy's room to find them both sleeping. He hoped the next time he had to leave Mystic Falls, he could bring his kids with him. Next, Klaus opened the door to Tyler, Erik, and Connor's room. He said the light of a cell phone in Tyler's bed.  "Tyler, I saw that. Son, why aren't you sleeping?" Klaus said in a low voice.  "Hey Dad, how was your trip?" Tyler asked avoiding the question.  "Good. We brought home Rachael's twin, the real Dana and their brother Kai. Wanna answer my question?" Klaus said.  "I can't sleep. Care and I have been fighting. Dad, today was insane. We got pulled over and kicked out of school for the day," Tyler started explained.  "Want to come sleep with me tonight?" Klaus asked.  "Yeah, okay," Tyler said. He left his cell phone on the bed. Caroline's last text could wait.  Klaus put his arm around Tyler and pulled him in to kiss his forehead.  "Missed you," Klaus said roughly.  "Us, too, Dad," Tyler replied.  As Klaus got ready for bed, Tyler told him about his arguments with Caroline and how she wanted him to move in with her mother. He mentioned that Carol Lockwood offered to let them both move into the Lockwood mansion. Caroline said she would never move into the Mikaelson mansion as there were too many people living there.  Klaus listened and then got into bed. He turned out the bedside light."Son, regardless of where you live, you can still be a father. Did you consider just living separately and seeing the twins on weekends or on some schedule?" Klaus offered.  "Dad, no, how can I do that to Caroline? I love her. I want us to be a family, but I don't want to leave this family either," Tyler said in frustration.  "I understand, come on, you're exhausted. Come here and shut your eyes," Klaus said pulling Tyler closer and stoking his hair.  "Dad, I'm scared. I'm not ready for this," Tyler said his voice breaking in the darkness.  "We're here for you, Son," Klaus said as Tyler sobbed softly.  "What if I screw it up and my kids hate m-me? Sometimes I-I used t-to hate my d-dad so bad. He was a-always so p-pissed at m-me, no m-matter w-what I did. I was scared of him, of d-disappointing him, or him screaming at me for no r-reason," Tyler shook with sorrow.  "It's okay, Tyler. Your dad was an untriggered wolf and the son of several untriggered wolves, generations of anger. He didn't know what he was, that's why they call it a curse. The anger has to go somewhere. I know you made up with your dad near the end, hold on to that," Klaus said wiping away Tyler's tears.  "He told me he was sorry right before he died...I guess I need to forgive him and move on, it's not easy when I think of all this," Tyler said as Klaus held him.  "You know, there were times I was afraid with you boys. You know what my father was like, and Tyler, I've made mistakes with all of you. Son, you are going to make mistakes with your kids. You can't live in fear of that, all you can do, is your best every day. Somedays that won't be good enough. I don't know what it's like to have babies who depend on you for their every need, but if it becomes too much, ask for help. You and Caroline both have lots of people who will step in," Klaus advised.  "Okay, that makes sense," Tyler said groggily. Klaus listened as he fell asleep. Klaus found himself picturing Camille with a baby in her arms, their baby. He knew it was impossible, but he fell asleep with dreams of babies in his head. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Friday, January 5, 20116:30 amElijah and Vanessa got up early to get the kids off as they did on school days. Vanessa went in to get Rachael up and saw Penny staring at Dana, or was it Rachael. They looked exactly alike.  "Morning, sweetie! That's the sister. How'd you sleep?" Vanessa asked."I think that's Dana. She smells different. I don't know why I didn't notice it before. This other one has been lying to me!" Penny announced."I'm sorry, honey, we didn't know what to tell you. Don't be upset, she is here now. The twins were in a bad situation. They didn't mean to trick you," Vanessa said gently.  Penny growled, "That's not nice! She's a liar. I should...rip out her throat!" Vanessa vamped over and grabbed Penny's arm, "Hey! We don't talk like that. Your dad is back and he is excited to see you. Don't make me go get him and tell him that you are threatening to hurt people. He'd be very...disappointed." Penny started to cry, "Where's my dad?" "Go find him, honey. I need to get Rachael up," Vanessa said in a softer voice. She hadn't meant to make the little girl cry, but for a second, she thought Penny was going to attack. As a hybrid, Penny was almost stronger than her, a baby vampire, and there would be little she could do to stop it.  "I'm uppppp. But I'm not going to school, right? I haven't even seen my brother," Rachael groaned.  Vanessa smacked her on the rear through the comforter. Rachael cursed and Vanessa was tempted to pop her again, but she didn't want to wake up Dana. "Watch the language. If you want to see your brother, then, you better get up and go see him now because you are going to school! He's in Kol's room. Let's let your sister sleep in. We'll need to get her enrolled on Monday," Vanessa said.  Rachael stumbled out of bed and made it into the bathroom. A handsome, dark haired teen appeared at the door.  "You must be Kai," Vanessa said. "Yes, I am. And you must be beautiful...," Kai said kissing her hand.  "A charmer, I see. I'm Vanessa. Elijah's fiancée," Vanessa said still laughing.  "He's a lucky man. I see one sister is still lazing about. The other?" Kai said surveying the huge bedroom. "She's in the bathroom. I know. Impressive room. This was supposed to have been Rebekah's room. Did you meet her in New Orleans?" Vanessa prompted.  "Briefly. Another beauty, but an Original one. Wow, can I see this balcony?" Kai asked as Vanessa indicated he could look. Kai looked out to the gardens on the side lawn. The property extended for miles. He could see how far the fences ran. It looked secure, but he knew his coven would tear apart nations to find him. "It's stunning. Really! It's like living in a castle. You should see the dreary old pile of bricks we lived in in the prison world, so dark and dreary. I hated it. Ah, finally," Kai said. "Kai!" Rachael yelled running to him. Vanessa slipped out the room to give them privacy.  Kai choked out, "I didn't think I'd see you guys again. Thanks for getting me out of there. It was...hell."  Rachael hugged him around the waist as he tried to get his emotions under control. Two days ago, he never thought this day would come.  "Any word from our parents? My evil twin Jo? They cloaked me last night, but I just hope it's enough. I swear to you, we'll get them back some day for what they did,' Kai vowed.  "I wasn't the one who got sold to the Guerrera's. That was Dana. Kai, I don't know what they did to her and that little girl, Penny, but she's different. She had me come up here and pretend to be her. I didn't know what I was getting into. They could have killed me," Rachael whispered.  "But they didn't, Rach. You look fine. Have they been treating you fine?" Kai asked with no trace of the mischievous imp he usually was. When it came to his sisters' safety, he was dead serious. He thought that he had lost them before.  "Yeah, I got into some trouble yesterday, but everything is okay now," Rachael admitted shyly.  "Trouble follows you two like a shadow!" Kai laughed spinning her around.  "Hey, dildos, I'm trying to sleep here!" Dana yelled throwing a pillow at them.  Rachael giggled in horror, "Bitch, you can't talk that way here. They are super strict. Just take it from me, watch your asses."Just as the siblings began to throw things at each other and wrestle, Freya came in.  "I see we are awake! Rachael, good to see you," Freya said hugging her. "Guess you heard about yesterday?" Rachael said feeling her out.  "Hey, we don't have to talk about it, unless you want to, okay? Now, Rachael, you get ready for school. Kai, we'll cloak you again today and then...well, go shopping. You kids are going to pretty much need everything," Freya said.  Dana paled, "But, we don't have any money." Freya patted her arm, "Hon, I don't think you have to worry about money. All we need you to do right now is leave that bracelet on and do your best to behave yourself. You, too, Kai."  "Because if I take the bracelet off, you will feel it, right?" Kai quipped.  "Kai, I'm going to go ahead and guess that your smart mouth has gotten you into trouble, but that handsome face and charming smile has also equally gotten you out of trouble, right?" Freya laughed.  Kai reddened, "Sorry, I just blurt things out before I think. Yeah, my mouth has gotten me in trouble...a few times."  "Let me just give you some ground rules, my brothers and sister are the oldest beings on earth. Technically, I am, but I spent most of that time in a sleeping spell, so I don't count myself. If you have lived one thousand years, you tend to have a few old fashioned ideas. One of those is to speak to your elders with some respect. Let's just leave it at that for now. But my brother Elijah, especially, is not going to put up with you back talking him," Freya shared.  Kai nodded, "Okay, I'll watch it." "Thanks, Kai. I just don't want to see you get off on the wrong foot. The three of you are my wards, but we treat all the kids here as our own. So don't feel like you can't go to my brothers, just as you would me for help, advice, money," Freya smiled, "or anything you need." "Thanks," Kai said, his light grey blue eyes calmer now. This boy was too good looking for his own good, Freya thought.  "Also, I have a bit of a date tonight. She is coming over for dinner tonight. I know you haven't really had a chance to meet any kids, but if the other kids are going out, you are free to go, too. Kai, Dana, you're not prisoners anymore. I want you to be as much as regular kids as you can be, okay?" Freya asked. Dana smiled, "Cool. It sounds good. It's been a long time since we were anything near normal."  Freya nodded, "Group hug?"  Kai laughed and Dana rolled her eyes. Rachael hugged Freya tightly as Freya wrapped her arms around the three siblings. She prayed words of protection over them silently and felt love for them already. Freya felt her eyes well up and tears spill over. Siphons, or no, they should never have been treated like that by their own coven. Freya laughed, "Shit, now I'm crying. Sorry, don't swear! Rachael, I'll let you get ready. Kai, come on, I'll introduce you to Elijah and the boys...and Penny." Klaus' quarters6:45 am Conner knocked and walked into to Klaus' room. Klaus was in the shower and Tyler was still sleeping. Connor nudged him, "Hey fuck face, your cell was blowing up all night!" Tyler groggily looked at his messages, "Oh god, I told Caroline to fuck off and hung up on her. She is literally going to shoot me and then maybe have her mom shoot me again. I'm dead."  Klaus came out of the bathroom dressed.  "Connor! Hey Son, good to see you," Klaus said hugging him tightly. "Hey Dad, I was just giving Tyler here his cell, it was buzzing all night.  Erik was ready to smash it with a hammer. We were too lazy to get up and turn it off...," Connor laughed.  "Sorry about that," Tyler said sheepishly. "I'll go wake up Erik, Jer, and Matt," Connor volunteered.  "Thanks, Son," Klaus said.  Tyler looked guilty and tossed the phone to Klaus.  "You told the future mother of your children to 'fuck off'? Oh Tyler, then you hung up on her? You know, your uncle told me he almost had to paddle you in front of everyone yesterday and that he talked to you about the cell phone, more than once," Klaus stated.  "Yes, Dad. It's true. Uncle Elijah gave me a bunch of chances and talked to me...a couple of times," Tyler admitted.  "Sometimes you need more than a little talk, huh?" Klaus said tossing the phone on the bed.  "No! Dad, please, not that," Tyler begged standing and unconsciously rubbing his backside. Klaus wanted to smile at the childish gesture, but restrained himself.  "Okay, then you're grounded tonight to your room. No electronics, no phone, no tv. You can read and catch up on school work," Klaus stated calmly. That sounded like hell to Tyler.  "Dad! We're supposed to meet up at the Grill, some old friends from football and then we were going to,-" Tyler faltered in defeated.  "Go to the bathroom and go get your school clothes. I need to get something from your aunt," Klaus said. He didn't want to have to spank Tyler, but he'd had a choice and he had chosen.  "Yes, sir," Tyler said heading to his room to get his clothes. He thought maybe he should shave, but he didn't really need to. Klaus was waiting for him on the bed with a small spray bottle and the ping pong paddle was out. Tyler was relieved it wasn't one of those heavier paddles that left his butt aching. At least this would just sting and be more embarrassing than anything else.  "Put your clothes on the chair. Is that how you folded them? If they are all wrinkled like that, you are changing. I doubt your mother ever let you go to school looking like that," Klaus muttered.  "Our housekeeper used to iron all my clothes," Tyler replied.  "Well, all of our housekeepers are dead so now we have to do the ironing. Pants down," Klaus ordered. Tyler flushed to reveal that he hadn't worn underwear under his basketball shorts.  "This spray is something Freya concocted in her lab. It will slow your healing. You took your shower last night, right? Well, I guess you are going to school with a sore bum then. That bus ride will not be pleasant, but I expect you to apologize to Caroline. You know better," Klaus said turned Tyler to the side and spraying his backside and thighs with the liquid salve mixture.  "Dad, I feel bad enough. She's been snapping at me and I lost it. I should have just told her I wasn't allowed on my phone all night," Tyler groused.  "You can tell her that, too. Over my lap, sometimes this where you learn best. You can have ten children and I'm still going to put you here when you misbehave," Klaus said picking up the paddle. He would have warmed up Tyler over his underpants because the salve would burn Klaus' hand, but since he had no underwear, no warm up.  "Dadddd, that's so embarrassing," Tyler whined as Klaus tapped his rear with the paddle. Klaus flipped from the smooth black side to the red, dotted side with was rougher.  "Just be a good boy and you never have to worry about getting another spanking, right? Now, think about the consequences of losing your temper and hurting the people you love. Think about what hurts worse," Klaus insisted.  Tyler just groaned. He knew that he had been an asshole to Caroline and worse that he had blown her off.  Pop! Pop! Klaus began by paddling from the center of each cheek and then giving Tyler a hard swat across both.  POP!He kept this up for a minute until Tyler's feet kicked and he almost covered his backside with them. Tyler couldn't help it as the little, round paddle stung more than he ever remembered it doing in the past.  "Move your feet or I'm going to restrain your legs and really give it to you," Klaus threatened. Klaus rested the wooden paddle on Tyler's behind and gave him a few more pats. He didn't recall him ever squirming and kicking this much before from the paddle.  Tyler began to wiggle and grunt more after two minutes of light swats covering his whole behind now. The smacks were random and if he tried to move his arms back, he got swatted hard on his sit spots. Klaus never slowed or quickened his pace, he just kept popping down the paddle systematically.  After Tyler's whole rear end was pink and stinging, Klaus paused a moment. Tyler was fighting to keep his hands under his head and his feet down, but losing the battle with his feet.  "Okay, Son, almost done. I'm going to pin your legs under mine. You're squirming too much," Klaus said shifting Tyler's legs off the bed and latching his right leg over them. "Daddy, no! I'm s-ssorry. Please, it already stings like hell," Tyler wailed. Tyler hadn't been crying, but was starting to now as he knew what was coming.  "Settle down, one more minute. This is what happens when you don't listen in this house, doesn't it? I'm here now and I'm not letting you get away with being mean and keeping all your anger penned up inside of you. Let it out, Son. It's okay," Klaus said right before he began to start paddling Tyler with his legs restrained.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! "AHHHH! AHHH! OUCH! DAD!" Tyler shouted until he began to cry hard enough that he couldn't talk.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Klaus kept going for a full minute, but after the first five hard swats, he was merely flicking his wrist. Tyler's hand came back and Klaus pinned it after half a minute.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! When Tyler's sobs hitched and he felt his whole body relax, Klaus immediately stopped. The entire spanking had only taken less than five minutes, but it left Tyler's behind bright red.  "Okay, that's it. That was a hard one," Klaus cooed as he put the paddle on the bed and rubbed Tyler's back. Tyler had kicked off his basketball shorts and was only in his white t-shirt and white socks.  "Come here, sweetheart," Klaus said, pulling his son into his arms. He covered him with a blanket and made sure his behind was not touching his tight as it looked especially sore.  "S-Sorry, Dadddd," Tyler cried into Klaus' chest. Tyler went to rub his backside but Klaus pulled his hands away.  "Your hands will burn. Listen, don't try to wipe off the salve, water will make it sting more. Sorry, but this time, you are going to have a stinging behind for a little while to remind you to behave and treat people nicely," Klaus shared.  "No!!! It really burns so bad. I didn't think the ping pong paddle could hurt that much!" Tyler conceded.  "It's all in the wrist. But also that salve is a little different. Since you triggered your curse, you have been healing so fast, but with this salve, it's like you are human again for a little bit. Do you think we'll see an improvement in your behavior?" Klaus asked rubbing circles in Tyler's back as he stopped crying.  "Yes, sir! I swear. Aunt Freya is kinda mean, though. I thought witches were supposed to help people!" Tyler whinged. "I always said witches were a pain in the arse," Klaus said laughing at his own joke.  "Dadddd, I have to get ready for school and my butt is going to sting all day!" Tyler complained.  "I love you, Son, but I do need to see an improvement in your attitude and behavior. You apologize to Caroline. You can go out with your friends tonight, but tomorrow, you clean up that room with Connor and Erik. Don't think I didn't notice. Elijah has really been trying to stop nagging and lecturing all of you because it's not working, but we need your help around here," Klaus said helping Tyler stand. "Yes, Dad. I know Uncle Elijah has really been trying to give us a break. I'm sorry I gave him such a rough time. And thanks for last night. I feel a hundred times better. I mean aside from the blistering pain in my a-, butt," Tyler corrected. He didn't want to put his father to give him a single extra smack, his behind was so sore right now.  Tyler struggled to slide on his cotton briefs without rubbing them across his behind. They felt tight. God, were these Erik's or was his backside swollen? Next, Tyler cringed as he slid up his jeans and buttoned them. His polo shirt was slightly wrinkled, but as it was black, it looked okay.  "Bus comes at 8am so you have time for breakfast," Klaus smiled.  Tyler's behind was flaming and he finally rubbed it over the jeans, it did not help. Klaus hugged him again and planted a kiss on the top of his head. "Let's go downstairs. You might want to wash you face, though," Klaus suggested.  Tyler stiffly walked to the bathroom and winced when he leaned over to splash water on his face. It was going to be a long day. But aside from the bus and sitting in hard wooden chairs, the thing he dreaded was facing Caroline. He would be lucky if she didn't punch him in the face herself.  Klaus couldn't help feeling guilty seeing Tyler suffering the ill effects of his behavior. He hoped that this new, stronger, water resistant salve would prove to help the hybrids behave better.  Tyler went downstairs, met Kai and the real Dana. Then asked Elijah if he could talk to him. Sadie was excited to have so many new people around and barking loudly, which she almost never did. Things were hectic, but Elijah steered Tyler into the great room. "Uncle Elijah, I just wanted to say sorry about yesterday and the phone thing. I'm going to clean my room tomorrow. I know you've been doing a lot more than you should around here and I'm going to help more," Tyler apologized.  "Thanks, buddy. I appreciate you saying that. You look tired. Are you sure that you're okay to go to school?" Elijah said feeling his forehead.  Tyler flushed, "Um, Dad, spanked me, just a couple of minutes ago." "Oh," Elijah said surprised, "Tyler, I told him that we talked about the other things yesterday-."  "No, it was for saying something rude to Caroline. I told her to 'f-off' and then hung up," Tyler admitted.  "Oh, I just wanted to make sure it wasn't because of what I told him about yesterday," Elijah breathed a sigh of relief.  "No, it wasn't, but the way I've been talking back, I probably deserved it," Tyler blurted.  Elijah smiled, "Tyler, you're a teenager. It would almost be abnormal for you not to let your mouth get away with itself sometimes, okay. When you feel yourself getting upset or irritated, it's okay to take a break or count to ten. You can excuse yourself respectfully. It takes some practice to control your emotions and it doesn't happen overnight, we know that. Now, the bus is coming soon. Good luck with Caroline. Have a good day. I love you, Tyler."  Elijah gripped his shoulder.  "Thanks, Uncle Elijah. Love you, too," Tyler said realizing that he really meant it. Despite everything going on today, Tyler still felt pretty lucky.  
  
    Chapter Text
    “A dame that knows the ropes isn't likely to get tied up.”― Mae WestFriday, January 5, 2011Morning"Hey Brother, so Niklaus invited that doctor from the clinic to dinner tonight? Um, you didn't forget, did you?" Freya said after the kids, except for Kai and Dana, were off to school.  "Tonight? No, of course not," Elijah said lying through his teeth. He wanted Freya to start having a life of her own and if he had to fib to do it, he would.  "I love you for lying, but what can I do to help?" Freya laughed.  "I'm sorry. Vanessa and I meant to shop yesterday then we got the call that the kids were suspended. I may have downplayed the role the police played in this endeavor also, but let's let that one go. So menu? Everyone always seems to like Italian around here," Elijah suggested.  "Sounds terrific. And Elijah, my dearest brother, please don't go overboard. I think I heard the older kids say they were going to the Grill tonight," Freya added.  "I was going to see if you wanted me to take Dana and Kai shopping for clothes and things like that at the mall," Vanessa offered.  "Ah, that would be wonderful. Let me ask them. Where are they anyway?" Freya wondered looking around.  Elijah frowned, "I think Niklaus was asking Kai about the siphons who came out of the prison world. One was a Salvatore? Damon is on his way over."  Freya winced, "There is no a room big enough in this mansion for the egos of Damon, Kol, and now Kai...the charm, the wit, and the dashing good looks." "Well, ready or not, prepare yourselves, because Damon is at the gate," Elijah snickered.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^8am"There he is! Lockwood, man, where ya been? All y'all has been gone. What'd you have? Polio?" Derek Smith asked as Tyler got on the bus.  "Nah, man, mono! I think they cured polio or something. How's it hangin'? Anything new, Der?" Tyler replied clapping his old teammate on the back.  "Nothing good. Someone said they saw you guys yesterday. I said 'No way cause he has the polio, you are mistaken!' Now, you're back. Were you on homebound?" Derek pressed.  "Yes, something like that. Good to see you, man," Tyler said sitting down in his seat. He hissed and then looked to see if anyone saw. Connor did and he shrugged.  Tyler shifted uncomfortably, "The fucking phone and what I said to Caroline...I basically turned myself in. Dad actually gave me the choice to be grounded tonight but if I don't make up with Caroline and take her out, I'm going to be divorced before I ever get married."  "I hear ya. You know I don't approve of cussing in front at ladies, it's as bad as cussing in front of the preacher on a Sunday. I know y'all think I'm backward, but there's things I can't abide," Connor said solemnly.  Tyler laughed, "Shut up, man. Sometimes I feel like you're my granddad! I'm going to call you Pap!" Erik turned around, "What are you two girls giggling about back here?"  Connor smacked his brother on the back on the head, "Get that hair cut before you call us girls? Hey, did you apologize to Rachael? I was just on Ty about cussing in front of ladies. You cussed to a lady, that's worse." Erik retorted, "Yesss, sir! I did real nice like. You can ask her if you don't believe me. You can stop worrying about my honor or her honor, whatever the hell you're fussin' about. We're all lucky you're so perfect. Which is funny cause I don't recall the rest of us being in jail." Connor went to smack him again, but Connor dodged him and laughed. "I got arrested stealing food, you little dummy! Now set back down, before I set you down. Someone oughta wear you out!" Connor mused.  "It ain't gonna be you. You ain't allowed to touch me no more!" Erik sassed before turning around.  "You see what I got to deal with?" Connor shook his head.  "Yup, Pappy's got his hand's full with these youngins. Do you think you have time to go to a party tonight?" Tyler asked.  "Party? Where?" Connor asked.  "Shh, it's a small thing. I don't even know if I can get Matt in. Some guys I used to wrestle with, back when I wrestled, are having a little get together," Tyler whispered.  "What's the big deal? We've been to parties before," Connor said.  "Yeah, well this one is at Whitmore College," Tyler said in a low voice.  "Didn't you just get your ass whipped?" Connor argued.  "Yeah, but we won't get caught. It's supposed to be a big thing. I just can't trust the other guys to keep their mouths shut. There will be college girls there. This is your chance to get laid!" Tyler smirked.  "Yeah, but what about your girl?" Connor asked.  "She goes to bed at like 10pm now. I'll say we're staying at her place. I mean, she's already pregnant so what the hell does it matter and I'll slip out and we'll meet the guys. It's a couple of hours. What could go wrong?" Tyler asked. Connor agreed that it was a good plan.  A few seats over, Matt and Jeremy filled Rachael in on the girls."So your sister is Elena? And Bonnie is the witch? Caroline is Tyler's pregnant girlfriend...," Rachael clarified.  "And my sister dates Stefan, who is a vampire. She is supposed to be living with my aunt and our uncle, but basically lives with Stefan and his brother Damon. It's weird. Oh, Alaric is our uncle, but also the history teacher. He can be cool, but he's also super strict, so don't piss him off. He...," Jeremy drifted off, afraid he said too much. Matt chucked, "What Jer is embarrassed to say is that he'd not afraid to threaten to call our dad or just bust our asses himself." "Oh my god, at school? What is wrong with this place?" Rachael asked in horror. The more she found out about her new surroundings, the more freaked out she was becoming. There seemed to be nothing normal about this town or its people.  "Not at school.  But didn't he use a yard stick on Ty once after school? Anyway, he used to be a hunter, but is now just a teacher and a researcher. Like Jer, here," Matt joked.  Rachael was confused, "Researcher of what?"  "This town. Mystic Falls is like the epicenter of the supernatural. This town has a shitload of secrets and I guess I'm hellbent on figuring them out. Dad and Ric are letting me go through the journals of one of my ancestors, Johnathan Gilbert and they are weird. Oh look, we're almost here. MFHS, home of the timberwolves," Jeremy said dryly.  Rachael paled, "I'm freaking out. I haven't been to a real school in years. I'm not sure I can do this without magic."  "Rachael, we're here. Just call one of us or the girls if you need us. We'll all help you, okay," Matt said gently.  Rachael's eyes filled with tears for the second time today.  "I don't deserve your kindness. Not after yesterday," Rachael said.  "Rachael, stop or we'll tell Freya and she will whack that guilt out of you with her wooden spoon," Jeremy cautioned.  "Please tell me you're fucking kidding," Rachael begged.  "She hits the hardest out of anyone. That spoon comes out, you best run. Aunt Freya makes Uncle Elijah's smacks seem like love pats!" Matt prodded.  "You two are fucking with me!" Rachael laughed.  Matt and Jeremy looked at each other, they really weren't joking.  Mystic Falls High School "She doesn't want to talk to you, Tyler!" Elena said flipping her long brown hair behind her back.  "Elena, please tell her I'm sorry. I'm really, really sorry," Tyler pleaded.  "I did, Ty. Face it, she's done. Caroline will not be emotionally abused by any man," Elena lectured.  Bonnie joined in, "Tyler, just give her some time. How would you feel if she did this to you? Told you to f-off and then ignored you all night during a fight?" "Not good," Tyler admitted. He was ashamed and felt himself becoming emotional.  "Tyler, are you going to cry?" Bonnie asked with concern. Bonnie looked at Elena, they had known him since they were kids and hadn't even seen him like this when his dad died.  "You guys are right, I don't deserve her. Tell her that she's probably better off without me," Tyler confessed.  Elena and Bonnie stood there in shock. This wasn't the cocky, confident Tyler they knew. He'd never give up so easily. Connor saw Tyler walk off and caught up to him.  "What happened, man?" Connor asked putting a hand on Tyler's arm to slow him down.  "She won't even talk to me. I don't blame her," Tyler revealed, trying to get a hold of himself.  "Ty, you can't give up. You know she is mad. She is just tryin' to punish you, so you feel as bad as did," Connor suggested.  "I already got punished and I have the red ass to prove it. Yeah, still hurts. Aunt Freya invented some new salve that can't be washed off and I'm not healing. Maybe I should let her take a couple swings at me," Tyler said bitterly.  "Tyler, is that true?" Caroline whispered. He hasn't realized that she was standing behind the shelf where he was talking to Connor.  "Care? Let's go in here and talk alone. Everyone is looking at us," Tyler said pulling her into a small janitor's closet. "It's your first day back and here we are fighting. This isn't the way I pictured it," Caroline said sadly. Her blond hair was in waves around her face. Her make up was perfect, yet he could see she had been crying.  He touched her face and said gruffly, "I made you cry."  Caroline nodded, "Did you really get in trouble at home over this?"  Tyler smiled softly, "Yeah, I told my dad what I said and he, um, gave me the choice of being grounded or...ya know."  "Show me," Caroline said. Was she serious? Tyler flushed from his neck to his ears and he could hear the roar of silence in the small closet. Well, if this is what it was going to take, he had to man up.  Tyler turned and slipped down the back of his jeans and underwear. He hiss as the rough fabric scrapped over his battered skin. He figured she had seen him naked before, so it shouldn't be too shocking.  "Feel it, it's still probably hot," Tyler said. He gasped as she felt the skin. She touched him lightly, it didn't "It's warm and red. But I don't feel bad because you were a meanie. I should make you cry," Caroline said. Tyler went in for a kiss but Caroline smacked his bare skin.  "Owww, Care. It's still sore," Tyler gasped as she swatted him again. Smack! "Good! Listen to me. I need you to step it up and get it together. You're not leaving me alone with two kids. I need you and I love you. We can do this, but only if we stay together. *smack*  Don't sell yourself short. You're a Lockwood and now a Mikaelson, you are a hybrid and you can do this, but only if you try, Ty," Caroline said as she let him kiss her. Smack! Smack! Smack! Tyler managed to yank his pants back up while kissing her. Smack.  "Ouch," Tyler breathed.  "Now, we're almost even," Caroline smiled. Smack! "If you say so," Tyler growled going to touch her again. Smack! Smack! "Oh no, we're not fooling around in school, Mr. Lockwood. *smack* You are going to be pretty late for Ric's class, aren't you. I'm supposed to be on hall duty. Ty, I think you better run. You know Ric warned you not to be late again and this is your first day back," Caroline giggled. Smack! Tyler checked his watch and groaned. He slipped out of the closet without anyone seeing him and ran to history class. He didn't think Caroline had cracked him that hard but his butt was stinging and he was tempted to rub it as he ran. Tyler didn't have his books or anything. He slipped in when Ric was lecturing about the Civil War and found his old seat empty. Ric continued without interruption. Tyler's mind raced to thoughts of Caroline. Was he forgiven? Did she really just smack him? Did he try to have sex with her in a closet? His face was still burning, but he'd let Caroline do weird shit to him if she forgive him...within reason.  "Am I boring you, Tyler? Welcome back, your friend here says you had Polio," Ric joked.  "Mono," Tyler smirked. Ric, of course, knew what happened with him becoming a hybrid.  "That sounds more likely. Now is there a reason you have failed to bring any materials and were 15 minutes late?" Ric pressed.  "You wouldn't believe me if I told you," Tyler sassed.  "How about you tell me all about it at detention tonight?" Ric retorted.  "But Uncle Ric, it's Friday!" Tyler fumed. His backside ached and he shifted in the chair. "Want to make it two hours? I can call your father and let him know you will be late," Ric threatened. Other kids in the class made some ohhing and ahhing sounds. The old Tyler would have looked around and made note of who to beat up later, but this Tyler just gave in.  "No, sorry, Mr. Saltzman. That's won't be necessary. Can I go to my locker and get my books?" Tyler asked in a contrite tone.  "You have two minutes. Hurry up," Ric warned.  "Thanks," Tyler said getting up. When Tyler was in the hallway, Ric stopped him to talk privately. Ric said, "Tyler, I'll drive you home after."  "I'm sorry, Uncle Ric. Caroline and I were fighting and I was trying to make up with her. I didn't mean to be late. Do I really have to have a detention today?" Tyler implored.  "Tyler, this is about the fourth time you've been late. I know it's right after lunch, but that's not excuse. Next time, you're late, I'm sending you to the office. The same rules apply to you as anybody else," Alaric said sternly.  Tyler nodded glumly, "I'll get my book." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Damon couldn't believe it.  "Our mother died in 1858 of consumption. Our father sent her away and Stefan and I never saw her again," Damon said with conviction. Damon knew how Stefan was always tortured by the fact that he never got to say goodbye. But that was life with Giuseppe Salvatore, he had probably wanted to avoid an emotional scene. Kai countered, "She did die in 1858, but with vampire blood in her system. A nurse at the sanatorium befriended your mom and tried to heal the TB with vampire blood. She told us that she tried to see you, but she was so hungry that she almost killed your brother. That freaked her out and she took off for Europe. There, she fell into the bloodlust and became a ripper. When she returned, members of my coven, the Geminis trapped her in the 1903 prison world as punishment for her many crimes."  "A ripper! My brother was a ripper. That's why he is so careful now. I remember after she died, Stefan swore that an angel that looked like our mother visited him. Maybe it is true," Damon breathed.  "I relived the day October 31, 1903 with you mom and her freakish family for years, over and over again. I mean, I can't say she didn't try to make up for her past. She did, but maybe too much. We all had to be perfect. She had so many damn rules. I almost would have rather been alone in the room my family locked me in than listen to another one of her lectures on manners," Kai articulated.  "Yup, that sounds like Mom. No elbows on the table, boots in the house, or slouching. But why didn't she ever find us after we got turned. She left us with that bastard father of ours. He literally shot us dead right here in Mystic Falls. I guess the old prick was right, this town was lousy with 'demons', his word for vampires. She never came back for us," Damon said bitterly.  "She did, I think. But she was too dangerous at that point. I also think she sent another siphon to check on your brother. A Valerie? Does that ring a bell?" Kai asked.  "Yes, that letter. My brother sent me a letter when I was injured in the war, the Civil War, and he mentioned her. So if this is all true, then what the hell does my mother want now? We were turned Vampire in 1864 and in all that time she never crossed our path," Damon spat.  Klaus interceded, "Damon, can we ever know the true motives of women? As Elijah will attest, our own mother had us murdered to make us immortal never realizing that we would forever be tortured by blood lust and a lack of humanity. That was her on a good day."  "Niklaus, I don't know if it was that simple," Elijah added."I suppose not. But who are these others you speak of, Kai? This family?" Daman wondered.  "Other siphon vampires that she collected. They obey her every wish and seemed to worship her for teaching them how to survive. I am not sure what they want here. I mean, I assumed it for her to reunite with her natural children...," Kai proposed.  Elijah frowned, "Damon, are you sure she made no attempt to contact you? It does seem peculiar that she wouldn't attempt to reunite with you boys before this."  Damon shook his head, "I'm sure. Our mother was an angel to us. Stefan and I mourned her for years. Now I think of some of the odd things she did, but she was a battered woman under the thumb of a bully dressed up in a fine suit. This has to be more going on. Stefan and I will tighten up security. We've put the boarding house in Elena's name, so they won't be able to get in that easily." Elijah nodded, "That's a start. Do you want the number for our security company. We've gone through a few, but this whole compound is wired and under surveillance. Armed guards can be here in minutes if we are attacked again, as well as the Strix, who protect me."  "Nah, I prefer to protect our place the old fashioned way. I'll call up Ric and Bonnie in the middle of the night and yell at them to get their asses over while I drink bourbon and wait. Stefan hates electronics and doesn't trust technology," Damon admitted.  "Damon, this is no joke. As Kai can attest, the Gemini coven is extremely dangerous and motivated. They even got one of Bonnie's ancestors to spell those prison worlds. Who knows what they will do to get your mother back? Also, we don't want them to know that we have the Parker twins and Kai. His twin Jo is supposed to merge with him in a few years and they will do anything to see her succeed," Elijah stated.  "If they come for you, kill them. They imprisoned me for the crimes of my twin and sold my other sister to the Guerreras to make an alliance with them. Every leader we've ever had in our coven has had to absorb his or her own twin! Do you know how fucked up that is?" Kai attested. Elijah flinched at the language, but Kai was too worked up to notice.  "Yeah, everyone in this room was either killed by their parents or almost killed by their parents. Nice families. Well, I'm going to go make some traps and see if I can find out if anyone has seen dear old mother. Can't anyone in this town ever just rest in peace?" Damon mused walking out.  "Kol, you've been awful quiet," Klaus said.  "Nik, it's just we have Rachael, Dana, and Kai here basically blocked from doing magic. If this Lily Salvatore and her so called family attacks, would it be better if they can siphon too?" Kol wondered.  "Kai has barely been here a day. But maybe you have a point, Kai, how do you feel about it," Elijah asked.  "I lived with these people for years. They were pretty dull, proper almost. Like I really can't imagine them attacking me, but I don't feel like Lily is coming here to see her sons. There was this dude she would always rave about, Malcolm, but I don't know anything about him," Kai concluded.  "Malcolm, hmm, we can look into that. Thank you, Kai. You have been a big help. I need to call Camille. Oh, excuse me, Ric is calling me back," Klaus said answering his cell phone.  Kai and Kol left the room.  "He what? Oh, bloody hell...No, Ric, you keep him there after school then...Okay...Tell Tyler he can forget about going out tonight after all...Yes, you and Jenna are welcome to come for dinner. Elijah is mouthing that we're having Italian. 7pm. Okay, Ric, and tell Tyler that...tell him that I love him and I'm not angry...Yeah, I know. Thanks, Ric," Klaus ended the call.  Elijah asked, "What now?"  "Tyler was late to class for the fourth time and Ric is keeping him after school for detention. Brother, this pregnancy and becoming a hybrid at nearly the same time is too much. I'm going to need to meet with the sheriff and mayor and work out a plan," Klaus said rubbing his temples.  "Well, make sure that Tyler and Caroline are involved. It is their children after all. I know they are young, but it's still their decision where they live," Elijah preached.  "But he's my son. I want him here with us," Klaus declared.  "I know, Niklaus. I do believe that he needs to be here, too. He's not ready to be out in the world by himself. Vanessa has made turning look easy, but god, remember our first few decades! We were wrecks. Who knows how the wolf nature interacts with vampirism. For Connor, Erik, and Penny, I think they do well with the structure of being here. For Tyler, it's different, he pushes the limits of the rules and bristles against authority. He fights it," Elijah remarked.  "An alpha does that. I suppose that is what scares me. That he'll lead his own pack and leave. Do I try too hard to impose my will upon him? To be be his alpha? Is that why he rebels?" Klaus wondered.  "I don't think you do, truly. I think it is when you, when we, give him leeway that he feels insecure and acts out. It could be the pack genes, too. Look at the Guerreras, they were bred to fight enemies, to be fierce, but to obey their alphas. Who knows what traits Tyler's pack had? Cunning? Emotional control? Loyalty? It is interesting that all the mayors of Mystic Falls have been Lockwoods since the founding," Elijah maintained.  "Yes, I never thought about it. Well, at any rate, I need to see if Camille is coming this weekend," Klaus said as Elijah excused himself. -------------------Mystic Fall High School3:15 pm "Jer, I'm not riding the bus home," Tyler said getting his stuff at his locker.  "Why?" Jeremy asked looking at his phone.  "I got detention. Uncle Ric is driving me home after," Tyler admitted.  "You're shitting me," Jeremy said looking up from his phone.  "I wish, bro. I'll explain later. Just tell Connor that...we're still on. He'll know what I'm talking about," Tyler said heading down to Alaric's room.  "Okay, man," Jeremy said. What the hell was Tyler up to now?  Erik came up behind him, "Hurry up. We don't wanna miss the bus the first day we take it, do we?"  "So what are Connor and Tyler up to tonight? Did Matt say anything to you?" Jeremy asked.  "To me, no. Why? Is there a party or something?" Erik asked. He kept hearing about these big parties kids had around here, but had never been to one.  "I'm starting to think there is one and we weren't invited," Jeremy said as they jogged to make the bus home. "Do you think your sister or her friends would know? Why do you ask them?" Erik suggested.  "Yeah, that's not a bad idea," Jeremy smiled. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday, January 5, 20113:20 pmAlaric's Classroom"So you had a big day yesterday, too, huh? Want to tell me what the hell is going on?" Alaric said leaning against his desk and crossing his arms.  "Am I going to get another detention if I say I'm sick of talking?" Tyler smirked. "Probably, so spill it. You guys get suspended yesterday, today, your first day back, you can't make it to class the first fifteen minutes. Christ, Tyler, it's only a 45 minute class!" Ric exploded.  "Uncle Ric, I said I was sorry. God, that's all I say anymore," Tyler rambled. Ric just stared at him until he continued. Tyler said in his regular desk and shifted uncomfortably.  "So Caroline and I have been fighting. We don't know where to live after the babies are born. She's been keeping me up all night with questions and I lost it. She wants me to talk to my mom, who by the way wants me to move back home. I just was so tired of it that I told Care to f-off and hung up. So today, I was trying to make up with her and that's why I was late," Tyler admitted.  Alaric didn't have the words for a moment.  "Uncle Ric, I'm not proud of myself, okay. I already got...in trouble, so thanks again for giving him those old relics. I really enjoyed it slamming down on my-," Tyler groused.  "Tyler, I don't need the details, bud. Look, I'll tell you the truth, I'm not sure I could do what I do now at your age, but I think you're more mature and stronger than I was. And I know your mom can be a little bit of a pain in the keister, but she means well. I mean you have options most people don't have. To live in the Mikaelson mansion or your family mansion? Or Caroline's mom's house. None of those would be terrible. And if things don't work out, you can always change plans," Alaric advised.  "That's true. Caroline doesn't think like that. She wants everything to be planned out and perfect. I'm just afraid that I won't know what to do, how to help," Tyler revealed.  "Kiddo, look at me. I didn't know what love was until I held Sommer and Gray in my arms. It's gonna change everything. You will move mountains for them, but just be prepared to do it covered in baby vomit and worse things," Alaric cautioned.  Tyler thought a moment for the thing worse than baby puke...No! "They do that? I mean, don't the diapers, ya know, keep things in?" Tyler gasped.  "Oh Tyler, just wait. You do know how to do laundry, right? Because um, twins, and the amount of onesies and burp cloths and towels we go through...Hey, why don't you and Caroline try to come by? I swear you don't have to babysit, but we can run you through everything. Look, they can sleep a lot at times, just not at the same time. I'm sure Caroline will get them on a strict sleep schedule the first week, but Jenna and I are still struggling with that," Ric admitted.  "Is that why you have two different shoes on?" Tyler laughed.  Ric looked down and sure enough he did.  "Okay, I think I scared you enough for one afternoon. Let's get you home. Your dad wanted to talk to me about those siphon witches on the loose. Oh, by the way, you're grounded tonight, I was supposed to tell you..." Alaric started as they closed up the classroom. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mall, near Mystic FallsDana and Kai went shopping and got new clothes, phones, shoes, backpacks, and more than they could carry in one trip at the mall.  While Vanessa was paying the bill in one of the department stores, Dana looked at Kai and bit her lip.  "What?" Kai said. "Kai, I did something bad," Dana whispered.  "No shit. You're a Parker. That's what we do," Kai joked.  "No, I drained a werewolf in the swamp and killed her. I didn't mean to," Dana said guiltily.  "You killed her?" Kai pressed.  "Yeah, Kol even tried to save her, but it was too late. I guess I learned to hate the Guerreras for taking me, but this one, a girl, was innocent. I can't stop thinking about her face. She was like my age, living in this tent near the Bayou," Dana choked out with tears pouring down her face. Kai grabbed Dana.  "Look, Dana, it's not your fault. We were put in this fucking situation by our no good parents and coven. You were just trying to make it out there. You have to let this go," Kai ordered.  "How? Did you even kill anyone?" Dana questioned.  "No one that stayed dead," Kai responded.  "What does that mean?" Dana asked in total confusion.  "Oh, in the prison world, when you killed someone, they just come back to life the next day. I killed this witch Valerie and she was as right as rain the next day. Lily was mad, though. She made me stay in my room and took away all my books and shit for like a week until I wrote this chick a letter of apology," Kai scoffed.  "Lily? One of the ones on the loose?" Dana asked wiping her face with a tissue.  "Yeah, she was like momzilla. She had a rule for fucking everything! I couldn't even swear. I was in hell, Dana. Pure hell. I swear, I'm going to kill Dad first, then Jo, and then Mom," Kai spouted.  "Kai!" Dana scolded.  "You're right. I'll kill Jo first, then Dad, then Mom," Kai corrected.  Dana shook her head, "You can't kill any of them. We'll lock them in an ascendent or something until they learn was they did was wrong. They are still our family. There's a Bennett witch in Mystic Falls who can help us."  "Dana, this isn't a joke. We can't hesitate when they come for us. We can keep Jo alive for the merge, but Mom and Dad are goners. I thought that was obvious," Kai said plainly.  "No! I won't accept that. They can be saved," Dana argued.  "Okay, kids, can you help me carry this?" Vanessa asked.  "Ah, sure. Thanks, Vanessa," Kai said picking up the bags.  "Dana, help your brother, please," Vanessa urged.  "That little prick can do it himself!" Dana snapped.  "The little prick is right here, Dana," Kai retorted.  "We don't use that kind of language. Now, Dana, I am asking you nicely to pick up the bag so we can leave. Freya is having company tonight and the kids will be home from school soon. We need to go," Vanessa stressed.  "Oh fuck it. Let's go!" Dana fumed grabbing more bags than a girl of her size should be able to comfortably carry.  "Dana," Vanessa hissed,"Knock it off. There are people around."  Dana dropped two bags and continued walking, leaving Kai and Vanessa to pick them up.  "I'm guessing you two got into an argument while I was paying?" Vanessa ventured.  "Ding! Ding! I guess you won. We were arguing over whether or not colored denim was a good or bad trend this year. I said bad, she said good," Kai quipped.  "You know vampires can tell when people are lying," Vanessa smirked.  "Yeah, in the prison world, I always got caught, but I never could figure out how they knew. Can you read my mind? Because you do have really pretty green eyes!" Kai dared.  "The heartbeat. When someone lies, their heart often skips a beat. It's like a blip in the sound, if that makes sense," Vanessa explained.  "I wish I knew that at the start of my prison world experience. Live and learn," Kai said as they got to the SUV. Dana was standing there waiting for Vanessa to unlock the car.  "Finally," Dana snarked.  Vanessa was trying very hard to ignore Dana's attitude and just get home. Kai sat in the front and Dana sat behind him. During the whole car ride, she either pulled his seatbelt tight, kicked his seat or flicked his ear with her fingers. By the time they got back to the house, Vanessa was frazzled from reprimanding the teen.  Elijah and Freya met them at the car in the garage to help with the bags. Dana took off, "I have to pee!"  Kai grimaced at that statement and grabbed some bags to take upstairs. They were still sorting out the rooms and he was still in Kol's room. "Wow, it looks like you got a lot!" Elijah remarked.  "Vanessa, what's wrong? Did something happen?" Freya pressed.  Vanessa tried to smile, "Dana is a bit off. I think she and Kai got into an argument and she was fighting with him on the way home. You know when parents say, 'I'm going to pull this car over!'...Well, I was ready to pull the damn car over. Sorry, Freya, I know you have that date tonight, I didn't want to complain," Vanessa breathed.  "I'm so sorry, Vanessa. I'll talk to her and she needs to apologize to you," Freya insisted.  "Actually, she was awful to Kai, especially in the car. If it was one of the boys, I'd put them in time out or make them take a nap. I don't know what you do with a teenager. I yelled at her about ten times to knock it off," Vanessa admitted.  Freya patted Vanessa on the arm and turned back to the kitchen. Her first instinct was to grab her spoon and march up to her bedroom and drag her down to apologize. Freya had to remind herself that she didn't know what was going on with these kids and she couldn't be too hasty. She really didn't want to get off on the wrong foot with them. Freya grabbed two bags and went up to the girls' room.  "Dana, it's me. Here's some of your packages," Freya called opening the door.  Dana was sprawled face down on the bed. Again, Freya was tempted to make a comment about Dana not bothering to help, but bit her tongue. She was going to try a different tact.  "Dana, can you talk to me?" Freya asked softly.  "Kai said that our parents have to die!" Dana mimicked in the same voice Kai used.  "What are you talking about? We don't even know where they are, hon," Freya said dropping the bags and sitting on the bed.  "But they will come for us and when they do, Kai said we'll need to kill them before they get him and kill us," Dana repeated.  "Oh Dana, this is such an awful situation. What your parents did was very wrong. I would hope it could be worked out. I can talk to my brothers about this, but there is a chance Kai is right. If the Gemini coven attacks you or our family, they are digging their own graves," Freya replied honestly.  Dana screamed into her pillow."We can save them! Jo messed with their minds, if I had time I could make them love us. They didn't know what the Guerreras were like when they sent me there," Dana spat.  "Maybe they had other reasons that we don't know about. Anyway, it could be years before we have to deal with this. How about we talk about this later? I really don't think this is something you have to worry about today. I understand it is upsetting, but Vanessa said your behavior in the car was unacceptable," Freya remarked sternly.  "What does it matter?" Dana said.  "Well, you can apologize to Vanessa, who bought you all of these things today. And your brother, When an adult in this family gives you directions, we expect you to listen," Freya said patting Dana on the back.  "I'm not apologizing to either of them," Dana promised.  "Then, you can forget about going out tonight with your sister and the older kids. You can have dinner with us and then play with Penny and the boys the rest of the night. I don't think you're in the right mindset to meet new people," Freya suggested.  "I'm not babysitting!" Dana shouted into her pillow.  "Dana, I didn't say you had to babysit, we'll all be here.  Tyler will also be home tonight. I don't exactly want you to be alone tonight either," Freya said gently.  Dana nodded, "Fine." "Why don't you rest up here a little while? The rest of the kids will be home soon. You can show Rachael and me all of your new clothes later, okay?" Freya added.  "Whatever," Dana said not moving.  "Okay, then. I'll leave your bags right here. We'll talk more after you've calmed down some," Freya patted her on the head and left quietly. These kids really should not have to deal with issues like this. What the hell was wrong with those Gemini parents? There had to be more to the story. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^The Mystic Grill parking lotJeremy called Bonnie and found out that the only party they knew about was at Whitmore College tonight. "Are you guys going?" Jeremy asked Bonnie. "To Whitmore? Are you out of your mind? My dad is home tonight. I'm not going anywhere. Plus, those guys were such meatheads. I think they already failed out of Whitmore and just live there in a house. Like Jeremy, they aren't even students anymore," Bonnie laughed.  "Do you know anyone going?" Jeremy pressed. "Just Abby. You know, the one who is still obsessed with Matt. I'm sure you guys could tag along with her if Matt calls her," Bonnie suggested.  "Okay, thanks, Bon. Talk later," Jeremy said hanging up.  Matt called Abby and sure enough, she told to meet her all the Grill and they would all drive together to the college.  Connor was the only one having doubts.  "Tyler was the bonehead who wanted to go to this stupid party, he's grounded now. So why the hell are we going?" Connor asked Matt.  "Dude, live a little. We used to party like multiple times a week. I think we all need to have some fun. Erik has never been to a party. Rachael wants to go, right Rachael?" Matt asked. "Hells, yeah! And Kai just got out of Kai, so we're ready to party," Rachael yelled from the parking lot of the Grill.  "Rachael, I'm going to this party, but only to watch you. Button up that shirt now," Kai said his light tone masking his seriousness. Their family had been very conservative and he couldn't believe she was dressing in skinny jeans and this tight shirt. She was only 14.  Connor also didn't like the idea of Erik going alone.  "You stay close to me, ya hear?" Connor warned him.  "What do you know? You're just a virgin," Eric said snidely.  "That means I'm smart. And you best smarten up, too. I've about had it up to here with you and this new attitude, boy," Connor thundered.  "Quit actin' like my daddy, Connor. You need to chill," Erik said, pulling out a flask and taking a gulp.  "Where the hell did you get that?" Connor snapped. "Kai, found it in Uncle Kol's room!" Erik said in awe.  "Kai, that ain't for you to take. Please tell me y'all cleaned it out," Connor said with his eyes pressed close. "Why would we dump out perfectly good alcohol? Want some?" Erik laughed.  "No, who the hell is going to drive if I get drunk?" Connor said.

 An hour later, he was trashed, just like the rest of them.  Jeremy was lucid enough to realize that if they wanted to get home on time, they needed a ride now.  Jeremy said to Matt, "Text Tyler to come get us."  Matt did, but could barely see straight. Since they hadn't drank since New Year's, the grain alcohol hit them especially hard. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionDinner was ready and the guests were arriving for Freya's big date. Klaus had invited Cami, and Freya had Keelin. Only Tyler and Dana were still home out of the older kids. They had invited Rachael and Kai out to meet everyone at the Grill.  Dana was still in a foul mood.  "So why are you here, no friends?" Dana mocked.  "Um, no, I have friends. I just got detention today so grounded. You?" Tyler said lightly. This girl had an edge to her that her twin Rachael did not possess.  "Same, I guess. I refused to apologize, but I didn't want to go anywhere anyway," Dana admitted.  "Really, you are antisocial?" Tyler said passing her the garlic bread.  "Yeah, I guess. Penny and I were in a dorm room for years, but really it was a cell. I'm not used to socializing," Dana said shoving lasagna in her mouth.  "So you're not a vegan?" Tyler inquired.  "A what?" Dana asked.  "Someone who doesn't eat animal products? Like your sister?" Tyler asked. "No, she didn't used to be a vegan. She says I'm the one who is crazy, but I think it's her," Dana retorted.  "Dana, I'm glad you're really you now. Rachael smoked cigarettes and eats weird stuff," Penny added.  "That's why I'm the cooler twin, babe!" Dana giggled tapping Penny on the nose. They sat and whispered to eat other for a while. Tyler thought that Dana seemed like the only person Penny really liked. She was still off and on mean to everyone else.  At the other end of the table, Keelin was praising the house and the food. Sadie was glued to her side. "This place is magnificent. It reminds me of an Italian villa. And this food, Elijah you cooked all this," Keelin praised.  "Actually, our eldest sister helped. She is a chef in training. She makes the most delightful muffins, doesn't she, Niklaus?" Elijah jested.  "Magnifico! No, really, Freya is kind the catch, she's a bit of a doctor in her own right," Klaus went on.  Freya laughed, "They are ridiculous. I made some remedies, from herbs and a few magical ingredients. Nothing too profound, like the cure for cancer."  Kol made a toast, "To the healers at the table, may they get some respite from us who think the only dressing that exists in on this salad." Elijah cringed, "Kol, no more vino! That's the worst toast I ever heard."Kol agreed, "I cannot deny that. But seriously, Keelin, Freya is the best of us, certainly the best looking of us. And the toughest!"  Klaus smiled, "That's certainly true."  Freya downed her wine, "I'm not going to be able to get through this night without a lot of wine. Keelin, can I fill up your glass?"  "Please," Keelin said, her brown eyes finding Freya's. She held out her glass and their hands brushed together. That moment seemed to last forever to Freya. Debussy's 'Clair de Lune' was playing in the background and she just knew. Her days of being single were over.  Cami began to tell a story about how her brother Sean passed out on New Year's Eve. Finn and Henrik argued over who spilled the salt.  Tyler glanced down at his phone quickly before Uncle Elijah took it. Matt: "We fucked up. Come get us. at Whitmore. help dude" Tyler didn't know what to do, he couldn't leave without being seen. The adults here were on their fifth or sixth bottle of wine and the night was going strong.  Tyler whispered, "Uncle Kol, can you pick up everyone from Whitmore. They're in trouble." He tossed his phone at him. With his quick reflexes, Kol grabbed it before anyone saw it.  "Bollocks! Yeah, mate. I'm a bit wankered myself. Let me get some blood bags. Can you come and show me where to go? Actually, can you just drive?" Kol asked.  "Yeah, of course," Tyler said.  Dana moaned, "I'm coming, too." Dana knew he was older but she was starting to have a big crush on Kol. He had been nice to her. She didn't want to stay if he was leaving.  Kol went over and told Klaus the truth. Klaus would rather them call for a ride than get in a car drunk or with a drunk driver.  "Dana, luv, stay here, there won't be room in the car. I'm sorry," Kol said kindly.  "That's not right!" Dana complained. "I'm coming."Kol hollered, "Freya, there's not enough room in the car. We're going to Whitmore to pick up the kids. Dana needs to stay."  "Dana, hon. Stay with us, they'll be back in a little while," Freya said kindly.  Dana kicked the table leg and knocked over her glass of water. Elijah clapped, "Okay, I think it's time for bed, boys. Dana, come up with us and we'll get you and Penny situated with a movie or something."  Even Penny looked shocked at Dana for kicking the table. Kol and Tyler slipped out.  Elijah used a cloth napkin to wipe it up.  "It's just water," Elijah said calmly.  "Too bad it didn't cool you off," Dana snarled.  Elijah chose to ignore that, "Okay, kids, last one upstairs is a rotten egg!" Henrik and Finn ran upstairs. Penny kissed Klaus goodnight at his prompting and followed. Dana just sat there.  Elijah left her sitting there. She apparently wanted to cause a scene, but she could stay at the table all night if she wanted.  Dana was angry that no one was paying attention to her. She noticed Freya and Keelin were holding hands. Klaus and Cami were whispering to each other. Vanessa went up to take the boys water cups.  Dana got a bottle of wine and poured it into her empty water cup and downed it. She had never had wine before. It was awful and half of it went down her shirt soaking her ample bosom.  Klaus noticed, "Um, luv, you just dumped out half of a $600 bottle of wine. Freya, is she allowed to drink?"  Freya's eyes got wide, "No, hell, no. Dana, stop!"  Dana just chugged another glass, again spilling.  "Keelin, I'm sorry, apparently someone needs a little attention here, would you excuse me?" Freya smiled sweetly.  "Yes, actually, I have clinic in the morning. Thank you all so much. This was wonderful. Can I help you clean up?" Keelin asked, grabbing her bag.  "No, we make Elijah do that. I'm just kidding. Go, but only if you promise to come back," Klaus said hugging her goodbye.  Cami shook her hand, "So nice to meet you."  Freya walked Keelin to the door, she had the rest of the bottle of wine she had grabbed from Dana in her hand.  "I'm so sorry. It seems I adopted three teens since like last week. I have a sinking feeling that all three of them are drunk now, so I'm doing a great job," Freya smiled.  "One day at a time. I need to see you again," Keelin whispered.  "Is tomorrow too soon?" Freya laughed.  "Dinner?" Keelin suggested.  "Lunch?" Freya replied.  "Call me. And good luck with that one. Let me know if you want me to inject her with a sedative for the next four years," Keelin quipped.  They kissed briefly and pulled away and then kissed longer.  "Freya!" Klaus yelled.  "I'm sorry," Freya said apologetically.  "Don't be, go Mom!" Keelin said leaving slowly. She didn't want to leave. Freya drank the last of the wine from the bottle and went to deal with Dana. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday, January 5, 2011Freya knew she was a little tipsy and she also knew that she was in love. But right now, she had to focus on Dana. She would be a force of calm and love and... "Dana! What the hell are you doing? Put that down this instant," Freya yelled.  Dana had Cami purse and what looked like a pill bottle.  "Diazapam...Hmm, isn't that valium? She won't mind if I take a few?" Dana said really to pop the pills in her mouth.  Before Freya could think, she used her magic to knock the pills out of Dana's hands.  "Oh my, you really are an Original witch, eh. Chill, I was just joking. I wanted to see what you would do," Dana snickered.  Cami came in from the bathroom and Klaus had taken Sadie out. "And you went through my purse?" Cami said bluntly.  "Yeah, why do you have valium? Are you a shrink?" Dana sneered.  "It's an old pill bottle. Those are tylenols and a couple of allergy pills. Could ya pick them up?" Cami retorted.  "Nah, I don't think so," Dana sassed.  Klaus put his arm around Cami as he could tell she was getting irritated. They both knew it was important to let Freya deal with this.  "We're going to go check on Penny," Klaus said picking up the pill bottle and pills and handing them to Cami, who had grabbed her purse.  Freya was irate and wanted to blast this girl, yet she couldn't. Freya was her ward, the closest thing this girl had to a...yes, mother. Yelling and shouting wouldn't accomplish anything, except poison the fragile relationship they had just started.  "Dana, let's sit down on the couch and talk," Freya said softly. Freya's blond hair was a little longer than her shoulder and her make up was now smudged, but she still looked pretty in the dim light.  Dana scowled but followed Freya to the great room.  "Nice fire place," Dana mumbled. Freya's mind cleared and she finally saw what was maybe bothering Dana. "I like this room. It's where we come together as a family. I'm sorry if... you felt left out tonight. I know what that's like. I didn't even know my brothers and sister until a couple of months ago," Freya shared.  This surprised Dana enough to forget to be rude.  "Really? How is that possible?" Dana questioned.  "Oh, it's a long, ugly story, but our mother wanted more children so she gave me to my aunt. Of course, she was an evil witch who made me her slave and used me for my magic. I just realized that we have a lot in common," Freya said.  "You're not a siphon or a vampire," Dana uttered.  "No, Dana, but I was siphoned and my family are the first vampires. I know that there are challenges. I also know what it's like to be hunted by your family on one hand and abandoned by your parents on the other. My mother told my father I died of plague. She had five other children after my brother Finn and never came back for me. I grew up without love or siblings. I know your brother upset you today and mine hurt your feelings when he said you couldn't go pick up the kids, but I learned that acting like a brat, doesn't get you your way," Freya assured her.  Dana looked up sharply, flipping her long bright red hair behind her back, "I'm not a brat!" Freya gave her a hard look, "Well, Miss-I'm-Not-a-Brat, kids in this house have been in a lot more trouble for acting up a lot less. And I don't know if you consider it, but you are a role model for Penny. We've lived with that little girl for months and she has not been the easiest to get along with, but she adores you, Dana. What is Penny to think if she sees you guzzling wine and going through people's purses to invade their privacy?"  Dana paled. She did care about Penny.  "Look, I had trouble sorting through my emotions at times, too. But I learned to take a minute and think before I did things that I regretted. Dana what would you have done if you didn't have that bracelet on tonight? Honey, I'm not judging you. My magic is strong and I was very dangerous when I was your age. My anger would fell trees and flatten villages. I didn't know how to calm myself down, do you?" Freya asked tipping up her chin to get the red hair to look her in the eyes. "No, I guess not," Dana said.  "I think of a happy place, this meadow where I would hide from my aunt, when I was a child. It was the first place I learned to cloak, I would watch her looking for me and calling me and laugh. I never said I was a nice child," Freya admitted.  "So when I start freaking, think of a happy place. I'm not sure I have one," Dana said slowly.  "Then, we'll make you one. Come on, Dana. Let's get you up to bed. It's late. The kids should have been home by now. I'm getting worried," Freya concluded. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Tyler pulled into the street where the party was, they could hear the music from three hundred yards away.  "Damn, I can't believe I missed this party," Tyler complained.  "Yeah, why did you anyway?" Kol asked.  "Oh, I got in trouble at school again. Alaric called Dad. It was dumb, I was 15 minutes late to class and,-" Tyler stopped the car.  "Bollocks! Looks like they got busted. How are your powers of compelling people?" Kol looked over at Tyler. Cop cars lined the street.  "I haven't really tried so probably shitty," Tyler balked.  "Let me do the talking. It looked like campus police. Thank god they are not Mystic Falls, they are always on vervain. You drive this car, I'd drive the truck home," Kol said tapping Tyler on the shoulder.  Tyler felt like an old man. He used to be the kid at the party running from the cops, not the old dad picking up the kids. It was a weird feeling. He guessed it was good to not be arrested or sick, but now he was the designated driver?  Kol got out and got all the kids. He managed to compel the officers to let the kids go and forget they were ever there.  Connor was relieved, "Thank the lord. I thought we was toast!"  "Hey mate, who says you're not. You're supposed to be the responsible one, Connor. My god, are you gonna heave in the trunk?" Kol yelled.  "I'm fine," Connor said before he started puking on the sideway.  Erik staggered to the trunk. "Uncle Kol, we loved your flask! What was in it, anyway?" Erik slurred.  "Ugh, 50 year old whiskey! Where did you get that? Kai? Really, you went through my chest? If my sister doesn't give you a going-over, you're getting a hiding from me! Get in the truck," Kol said sternly.  Kai gasped, "What the fuck is he bitching about?" Erik laughed, "He's gonna beat your ass if Freya don't do it." Matt and Jeremy staggered to the car Tyler was driving and got in. Rachael got in the back of the truck besides Kai.  "Good job looking out for me, I didn't see you the whole night!" Rachael blasted him.  Kol turned, "She's 14 years old and you took her to a college party and then left her alone? Kai, lad, sit while ya can because you're in for it."  Kai turned to Erik and asked in a fake accent, "What is this bloke takin' about?"  Erik smirked, "If I got to spell it out for you, you ain't too bright. Uncle Kol, I ain't getting it, too, am I?"  "That's up to your father, laddy? I ought to thrash you for drinking out of me old flask, though," Kol stated.  "I tole him not to, Uncle Kol. He's been real rowdy lately, actin' up. You ought to dust off his britches for him. Honest to god," Connor ranted.  "Shut the fuck up, Connor!" Erik said kicking the back of his seat. Kol looked in the rearview mirror and growled, "Erik, you settle yourself down. I don't know what the bloody hell has gotten into you. You don't talk to your brother that way."  Erik reddened with shame even in his buzzed state, Kol had never yelled at him before.  "Sorry, Uncle Kol," Erik muttered.  "Don't tell me," Kol countered.  "Sorry, Connor," Erik almost whispered. Connor looked back and nodded. Erik really didn't know why he had been goading Connor so much. Connor had always tried to take care of him and had never been mean or cruel to him despite their circumstances. The shame became too much and Erik started sobbing.  "It's okay, buddy. Just calm down," Connor said looking at Kol in alarm. "He's just drunk. A drunk vampire is like an emotional rollercoaster. I brought extra blood, but I left it in the other car," Kol said. Kai and Rachael seemed passed out.   "How was the dinner? Did Freya's doctor come?" Connor asked starting to sober up as he listened to Erik drunk cry in the backseat.  "Cue the wedding bells, they are in love. Not bloody kidding. Of course, I missed what happened after to pick up you lot. Dana started having a fit," Kol said making a left hand turn.  "Well, Penny sure is happy to have her back. It's funny, she's my sister and she can't stand the sight of me, but loves Dana," Connor mused.  "She doesn't really know you, mate. Why don't you spend some time with her?" Kol suggested.  "I don't know nothing about kids," Connor said dryly.  "You were one, weren't you?" Kol quipped.  Connor looked at his reflection in the window, "Not really. Never had time to one...Okay, Erik, that's enough. Stop that cryin' before I give you something to cry about!"  "Sorry," Erik hiccuped from the backseat.  "You weren't kidding, were ya?" Kol asked glancing to see Erik stopped crying. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Cami drove home a little after Keelin did. Freya got Dana up to bed. "Tyler called. They are on their way home," Klaus said as he ran into Freya on the second floor hallway.  "Oh, I'm glad, they are awfully late now... I think I got Dana situated. She was feeling a little left out. Kai and her fought over whether the parents needed to die when they attack them. Klaus, that is what is on their minds. They know the Gemini coven will not let them go," Freya fretted. "Let's work all that out later. Tonight, let's get everyone in bed. I am going to try to get all the vampires to drink an extra blood bag, maybe the humans can do a water bottle and aspirin? I know I should be angry they were drinking, but I am just glad they called for rides," Klaus admitted.  Freya smiled, "Brother, I just wanted to compliment you on your restraint tonight and the previous months dealing with these kids. I don't think I realized how hard it is not to snap at them, not matter how much you don't want to. It took every fiber in my being to hold it together and I'm glad I did, but I don't know how much more of that I have in me."  "Take it day by day, Sister. On another note. I know a certain doctor who is entranced with you. Utterly beguiled," Klaus smiled hugging her.  "She is perfect, isn't she? I didn't want her to leave. Is that how it is with you and Cami?" Freya asked.  As Klaus opened his mouth to answer, he heard the garage door open. "They're home." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Saturday, January 6, 2011Elijah and Vanessa were woken up by the boys coming in their bed in the morning. Henrik had a nightmare and had fought with Finn to come with him to the bed because he was afraid to go by himself. They finally fell asleep again in the middle of the huge bed.  Klaus popped in, he needed Elijah's counsel. They let Sadie out and went in to start breakfast.  "So Kol told me that Kai went through his chest and found an old flask with whiskey in it and shared it with Erik at this party. Kol also said that that Kai admitted promising Rachael, he'd stick close to her and then completely abandoning her at the party. She never should have been there," Klaus growled.  Elijah agreed, "This is awkward, Brother. We promised the children they wouldn't be punished if they called for a ride and didn't go with a drunk driver or actually drive drunk, like Matthew did that one time. Isn't this all 'fruit of a poisoned tree?' I don't see how we can expect them to be honest with us, if we don't honor our side of the agreement."  "I know. I agree with you, but don't they have any damn common sense. They brought two 14 year olds to a college party that got busted by the police," Klaus fumed.  "Campus police," Elijah corrected.  "Whatever. I would like to ground them for about...two years," Klaus reported.  "What about taking the cars away? I just think that at least we know our cars are safe and they are not in some junker car that could catch fire...," Elijah finished glumly.  "Brother, I am at a loss. They did the right thing by calling for help, but did they have to get as drunk as skunks? I imagined this rule as them having a beer or two with friends, not drinking grain alcohol and vomiting all over the road. They didn't have permission to go to bloody Whitmore College! They were supposed to be at the Grill. Also, they didn't call you or me. They called Tyler and he told Kol. If Kol hadn't compelled the campus police, they would have been arrested again," Klaus reasoned.  "Remember when we were children and we'd act up in the loft? Mother would just come up, flip us all over and whack us with some stick or spoon on the bare behind until the rebellion was put down," Elijah recalled.  "She certainly wasn't asking questions about who did what and when. And dammit if it only took once or twice for us to learn she wasn't fooling around...Quite frankly, I feel like Connor and Kai should bear some responsibility for letting their younger siblings go to this party. Is that wrong of me?" Klaus wondered aloud.  "It probably is unfair, but like you said Mother didn't quibble over who misbehaved when and how, the fact was someone misbehaved and we all got punished. After the die was cast, we were all getting a damned good spanking and no amount of whining stopped her. Hell, I think it made her smack us harder," Elijah smiled. Freya stumbled out of her bedroom in her robe. "What'd I miss?" Freya yawned.  "Group spankings a thousand years ago, I'd say you dodged a bullet there. There was nothing like waiting for your turn," Elijah said pouring Freya coffee.  "Oh, yeah, sounds like it. I didn't sleep well," Freya admitted.  Klaus filled her in on what Kol had told him.  "Kai took the flask? Then, didn't protect his sister. Got drunk on grain alcohol.  He does sound like he needs some serious consequences, but brothers, I can't spank a 16 year old boy. It just wouldn't be appropriate," Freya argued.  "Need we remind you of what you did to us?" Klaus asked quietly, eyeing the doorway to make sure no one was coming.  "That was different," Freya reasoned.  "Yes, but say we, deserved it, and he deserves it...What's the problem?" Elijah pressed.  "I just hardly know him. Can't we give him some time to settle in? Here's the problem, though, he was confined to a basement room for years, I really think that wouldn't be good for him either. Brothers, let me just talk to him. It seemed to work pretty well with Dana last night," Freya said sipping her coffee.  Klaus took a blood bag from the fridge and dumped it in a mug. "I say we sit them down and lay it all out. We're glad they called for a ride, but no more lying and bad decisions. They aren't leaving today anyway until their chores and schoolwork are finished. Hold me to that. Also, I'll pull Connor aside for a private chat later. I am really disappointed as he is actually the one I depend on to be the most responsible, as well as Matt," Klaus griped.  "This is a tough one. We can't keep them locked inside, but with all the drugs, alcohol and pressures out there, I almost wish we could. We tried letting them drink here. I guess that wasn't their fault, but that seemed like a disaster. Maybe we just need to be hard asses about it? But it that doable? We're not with them 24 hours a day. I'm at a loss here," Elijah admitted.  "Let's talk to them and see where the chips fall," Freys suggested. ^^^^^^^^^^^^Connor woke up and looked down at Erik's bed. He saw Erik was waking up. "How ya feeling?" Connor asked.  "Like shit You?" Erik grumbled.  "I puked it all up last night," Connor grinned.  "I barely remember. Jesus, what I cryin' on the way home or was that a dream?" Erik asked in horror.  "You was crying like a baby cause Uncle Kol hollered at you for sassing me. Truthfully, I never shoulda let you go to that party. No way, no how," Connor admitted.  "It was fun until we all go too drunk," Erik added.  "It could have been dangerous. I'm sorry, Erik. Y'all could have gotten really sick. I wasn't thinking," Connor repeated.  "Well, I'm never drinking again so don't worry about it," Erik swore.  "Me, either," Connor agreed. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Saturday, January 6, 2011MorningKlaus let the older boys and twins slept in and had breakfast with Freya, Elijah, Finn, Henrik, and Penny. Vanessa was grocery shopping. The younger kids entertained them with stories from school. "So Penny are you happy you decided to returned to school?" Klaus asked. Penny seemed happier just sitting at breakfast. He didn't know if it was the return of Dana or school, but as long as his little beauty was happy, so was he.  "Yes, the teacher liked my drawing. I drew a picture of the wolves on the full moon," Penny shared. Klaus almost choked on his spinach omelette.  "Ah, sweetheart, you know we talked about not revealing the supernatural to your class...," Klaus started.  "No, Dad! It was a picture of a wolf, like one that howls," Penny said, demonstrating her best howl.  "Oh, of course," Klaus laughed in relief. Sadie sat up and howled and Finn and Henrik also tried to howl. They would only stop if Klaus made her eyes glow yellow.  "Again, Uncle Klaus, please!" they begged.  "Eat your cereal or you lot will be the runts of the litter," Klaus said playfully.  "Dad, can Dana and I have our own room without Rachael? You said we could move rooms!" Penny asked coyly.  Elijah frowned, "Why without Rachael?"  "I don't know. I like it better without her," Penny said taking a sip from the blood in her cup.  "Penelope, that's not nice. You can be close to both of them," Freya cut in. "Fine, but are we getting a new room?" Penny pressed.  "We need to talk about it. There is also the possibility of bringing in the contractors to finish the fourth floor.  I thought that would be storage, but there is space up there for the game room, the art studio, my study and we can turn those spaces into bedrooms. Elijah, we could also have a second floor laundry room," Klaus suggested. Elijah smiled, "Nice. Another possibility is...building a pool house. I thought it would be nice for the children to have an indoor poor in the winter that can turn into an outdoor pool in the warm months. I took the liberty of having the architects draw up some plans. Freya, this involves you. What about a real greenhouse for your herbs and magical plants?" "Really? That sounds wonderful!" Freya gushed. Klaus knew about the plans. "We were going to make it a surprise, but thought it would be nice to get everyone's input," Klaus added.  "We're getting a pool!" Henrik yelled. "Yes, and you three could invite your classmates for pool parties and take swimming lessons," Elijah suggested.   "Can we get a waterslide?" Penny asked, "A girl in my class says she has a slide and a diving board."  "Of course, we can get whatever you children want," Klaus said.  Elijah rolled his eyes, "What if they want a pony?" "I want a pony!" Penny gasped.  Klaus laughed, "No ponies this year. Your uncle is just reminding me of how he used to think I spoiled Marcellus. Isn't that silly?"  Finn grimaced, "I don't want a pony, just a pool."  Elijah patted him on the shoulder, "That's my boy. Now eat. It will still be a few months until it's finished."   "Thanks, Daddy," Finn grinned. He had lost a tooth and had a gap that he kept feeling with his tongue.  "You're welcome. I might have another little surprise, but I wanted to wait until you've finished eating," Elijah teased.  "We're finished!" Finn said eagerly.  "Two words...Are you ready for Fun Town?" Elijah announced.  "Yes! Yes, we're ready!" they yelled.  "Penny, you're going too. Perhaps, Dana would like to go? If you ask you very nicely also?" Klaus mentioned.  "I'll ask her!" Penny jumped up running up the stairs. The boys ran up behind her with Sadie at their heels  Freya winced, "Klaus, you should throw in $100. The poor girl won't know what hit her." Klaus agreed, "Indeed, I will. Thank you for giving us the house, Brother. I think Kol wants to have a word with the drunken miscreants himself, though you know how he loves a day trip to Fun Town."  "Sarcasm noted. Well, best of luck here. I hope to come home to this place spick and span, immaculate, pristine," Elijah considered.  "You will. If they slack on the cleaning, I promised I'll line them up and give them a dose of the yardstick," Klaus solemnly vowed finishing the blood in Penny's cup.  "Mother would be proud," Elijah affirmed. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^11 amKlaus, Kol, and Freya had Erik, Rachael, Connor, Kai, Matt, and Jeremy sit at the dining room table.  Klaus began, "I just want all of you to know that when we said that you could call anytime for a ride, we meant that. I am happy that you reached out to Tyler last night. However, I am wondering why you didn't contact one of the adults here directly."  There was an awkward silence until Matt said, "Ah Dad, we weren't really thinking clearly. The grain alcohol hit us really fast." Connor spoke up, "I was planning to be the designated driver and I screwed up. I met a girl and...lost my head."  Klaus made a note to ask more about this girl. He had a feeling that more had happened.  "So you contacted Tyler because you didn't want your father to see the condition you were in?" Kol pressed looking at Matt and Jeremy.  "I guess not," Matt admitted bluntly. He was still hungover and maybe even still drunk.  "We didn't think it would affect Connor that much, but he seemed just as messed up as us," Jeremy confessed.  "Remember, boys, alcohol may not affect a regular vampire as much because of the higher metabolism, but we don't know how Connor's werewolf side counteracts that. And for you humans, even small amounts of this type of alcohol could cause alcohol poisoning. It's very dangerous," Freya lectured.  Matt cringed, "We didn't know that's all they had. I assumed it would be beer."  Kol cut in, "When Tyler and I pulled in, Connor was vomiting on the side walk and the rest of you couldn't walk straight. I just want to make it very clear that the campus police were getting ready to call in more officers before I compelled them. They were shocked that two 14 year olds were there drinking like fish," Kol countered.  Rachael and Erik looked at each other nervously.  Freya added, "We trusted all of you to be at the Grill where you said you would be. How are we supposed to trust you now?"  Erik flushed, but spoke up, "Aunt Freya, I can tell you right now. No more parties for me. I learned my lesson. Watching folks acting crazy and getting sick weren't no fun for me. I'm real sorry about this."  Freya smiled, "Thanks, hon. You know I'm not mad at you, at any of you. We're just disappointed. And frankly, it worries me that this could happen again. Kai and Rachael just got here and you take them to this wild college party. What if...? Too many stupid things could have gone wrong." Klaus nodded, "You can forget about using the cars for the foreseeable future. Let Freya said, you have lost our trust." Klaus let that sink in a moment until he heard a chorus of apologizes.  "Thank you. I know you are all regretful now, but after the incident on Thursday and this incident on Friday, I want all of you to stay close to home today and tomorrow. Tyler is already upstairs cleaning the bedroom. I expect you all to clean your areas and store away all of your items. Then, I want you all to get started on any homework, especially things you missed from Thursday," Klaus stated. He could see the boys glancing at each other as if they got off easy. "Don't think that there isn't a part of me that doesn't want to give each of you a thorough hiding for putting yourselves in danger and call it a day. But your safety is my top priority and I want you to continue to feel free to call when you need help," Klaus went on, "I don't want to bloody lecture you, but the alcohol can lead to you all lowering your inhibitions. What if one of you lost control and fed off a human when in this state? Or was attacked by a witch or other creature?" Rachael piped up, "It's okay. I was there. Connor, you were feeding off that one guy and I stopped you remember?"  The room grew dead silent.  Connor balked, "That was real? I barely remember that! You mean that was real?"  "Yeah, it was no biggie. I thought you were gonna drain him dry, but I stopped you. I healed him with my blood and he was fine," Rachael reassured him.  Everyone at the table was staring at Connor. "Dad, I'm sorry. I-I...," Connor started.  Rachael became alarmed and looked at Kai in confusion.  "What's the big deal? I only fed off a few co-eds myself. I compelled them all and Connor's not to remember. We are still vampires after all," Rachael smiled. "The big deal is that they are not permitted to feed from live humans at this point," Freya said sternly looking at Connor.  After another silence, Klaus said mildly, "Children, we love all of you very much. I want you to be happy and have the most normal lives you can, but you also need to be smart about your safety. Please don't do this again. Go on now, get started upstairs. I'll be up in the little while to check on you," Klaus said. Klaus looked at Connor and shook his head so he remained at the table.  Freya said to Kai that she wanted to talk to him in her room.  Once they were alone, Connor put his head in his heads.  "Dad, I screwed up. I coulda killed someone. It's bad enough I let Erik and Rachael go to that flippin' party...," Connor said staring at the table.  "Connor, I'm surprised. This isn't like you," Klaus said gently.  Connor looked ashamed, "Erik's been giving me a hard time. He found out that I'm ....a virgin and he's been ribbing me about it. Just real disrespectful and pushing me. He's said a couple of things about me not being liable to take him to task no more. Uncle Kol even yelled at him in the car for cursing at me and he cried for ten minutes. I guess I wanted to show him that I was, I don't know, cool enough to take them all to this stupid party." Klaus went and sat down next to Connor, "Connor, you have been more than a brother to him for many, many years. I know you have done things for him that you don't even want him to realize at a sacrifice to yourself.  You've taken that burden on, as Elijah had done for me, of protecting him. I think he is testing you, to stay see if you are there for him. Allow me to take on that mantle of disciplining him, and you just be his brother," Klaus said patting his hand. , Connor nodded, "I never wanted to do any of that. I was just trying to keep the little dummy alive. He acts like I liked bossing him, I didn't. Dad, I've never seen him act like this. What he said to Rachael, cursing like that? It ain't him."  "I'll talk to him. Thank you for telling me. Now, let's talk about what you did," Klaus said pointedly.  Connor flushed, "It feels like a dream, just so natural. I went up to take a leak and this kid offered me a smoke. I think I said 'No, but let me feed off your blood' and he did. I compelled him. Then, Rachael threw me off and healed him. The next I knew I was puking on the sidewalk." "You know the rules, Connor. Just like anyone else, I warned you what I would do if you broke them," Klaus said firmly.  "Dad, come on, you can't really mean to...put me over your knee. I'm 17!" Connor said aghast.  "You will learn I don't make idle threats and 17 is still much a child to me. Nor have I spent a thousand years not fulfilling my promises. I warned each of you about feeding when you turned. I can't have you becoming a ripper. You're all much too strong. When you became intoxicated, your bloodlust intensified. It could have been lust or rage instead. See the danger?" Klaus asked.  Connor nodded. He could tell he wasn't talking Klaus out of anything."I see. I guess I got used to the constant hunger, but fell into it last night. I should have admitted what I did last night, I am ashamed," Connor spat in self-disgust.  "Connor, you are half vampire, the hunger for blood is always there, simmering in the background, but it gets better. Maybe the spanking you are going to get soon will be a strong deterrent to disobeying me over this in the future. You've never really even gotten the full treatment from me as you are so well-behaved normally. I want you to go to your room, get clean clothes, like sweats or pajama pants and a t-shirt to change into," Klaus explained.  "But it's 11am," Connor protested.  "Yes, but after, you won't want to wear those jeans. Go take a shower now, you can use my bathroom and then wait for me in my room. And no more blood until tonight. I'm sorry, Son, it's going to be a long day, but you will feel better afterwards and you will hesitate the next time you think to feed off of a human and put their life in danger," Klaus promised.  Connor nodded and got up slowly. Klaus could hear from his heartbeat that he was nervous.  "It will be okay, I promise," Klaus said softly. But he needed to follow up, Connor could have killed this human.  Connor went up to get his clothes and shower. Klaus hadn't planned on doing this. He had never spanked Connor aside from the time he paddled him in the game room for being up after hours and the time he and Tyler fought on the stairs and lied about it. Klaus almost chuckled to compare how many times in comparison he had swatted or disciplined Jeremy, Matt, and Tyler the first few months. Truly, Connor was the best behaved kid in the entire house. It almost saddened Klaus how respectful and mature the boy had always been. He never got to act like a kid much, well, Klaus was going to treat him like a kid now. Klaus called Cami and Marcel from Elijah's downstairs study to give Connor some time. Then, he filled in Freya and headed upstairs. Connor was just coming out of the bathroom from his shower. "Wow, that's a great bathroom," Connor marveled.  "Thanks, Son. Come over here and we'll get this over with," Klaus said indicating the bed. He took out the spray salve and the helping hand paddle. "Excuse my language, but what the hey is that?" Connor exclaimed.  "This paddle is more formidable than it looks. You can ask Tyler about it's origin. And this is a new salve that is going to make your backside feel human for about 12 hours or so. That's why I needed you to take a shower now because it will sting worse if you try to wash it off so no shower tonight," Klaus stated. He took the towel Connor was drying off his hair with and put it on the bed.  "Enough procrastinating. This has a touch or vervain and wolfsbane so it's important you don't rub or touch your backside or thighs. I'm sorry that's easier said than done. Come here," Klaus said pulling him to his side.  The room seemed dim despite the noon sun as the drapes were mostly all drawn. Klaus could tell Connor was anxious and it pained him, too. He pulled him in between his knees.  "Calm down, it will be over soon. I'm going to spray the salve on you now, okay? Just no touching, especially until it dries. I'm sorry we have to do this, but a father must keep his promises, no?" Klaus almost whispered as he turned him to the side and peeled down Connor's plaid flannel pajama pants. Connor's fists tightened by his sides, but he didn't resist him. Next he slid down his white briefs and sprayed the salve over his pale cheeks and white thighs. "Good boy. I'm going to pull up your briefs and start there, then those are coming down when it's time for the paddle. I know it looks silly, but it's going to sting and I want you to learn a sound lesson today, young man," Klaus reported.  "Yes, Dad," Connor replied obediently, Though in his mind, he was feeling like this was a waste of time. He was too old. He was a vampire and a werewolf. A few token whacks over his father's knee wouldn't even phase him. It was comical, but he had been disobedient, so here he was. This was fine for Erik and the others, maybe, but he was more mature.  "Over my lap," Klaus said guiding him over so his body rested on the bed and Connor's feet were still on the floor.  Klaus arranged him a bit and then rested his hand on his white, cotton briefs. He tapped him gently a few times, almost rhythmically. "Tell me why you are over my knee right now, Connor," Klaus said softly. "I disobeyed you. I fed from an innocent without permission while I was drunk," Connor confessed. Smack! Connor heard the crack before he felt the impact land across both of his cheeks. "And? That's not all, Son," Klaus plodded. Smack! "I didn't admit it!" Connor shot out. Smack! "Yes," Klaus said, now patting his backside. Smack! "I hid it from you," Connor added.  "Yes, that was very naughty of you," Klaus said before he smacked his behind harder. Smack.  Connor started to feel the swats land on the center of both cheeks firmly. Right away he was realizing that this was different. He wasn't healing and the spanks were building into a slow burning fire. Connor felt himself moving to try to avoid the cracks, but his father tightened his hold on his waist. Crack! Crack! Crack!  Connor started to panic a little. He couldn't move his arms and if it was burning this much over his briefs already...Crack! Crack! Crack! He shifted a little more sharply and got two smacks on his bare thighs for his trouble.  "I know it stings," Klaus said, "Try to stay still."  Connor was ashamed to realized that he couldn't still himself and was soon squirming and bending his legs and stomping as the swats danced now randomly around his whole bottom. Just as he was starting to grunt and grit his teeth, there was a pause.  "Okay, these briefs are coming down," Klaus said.  "No! Dad, I can really feel it. There's no,-" Connor fought.  But his underwear was slid down to meet his pajama bottoms at his knees. Klaus moved back on the bed and pulled Connor's legs completely over his lap so his whole form was on the bed. Connor felt even more childlike and juvenile. This whole thing was silly. His backside was stinging and warm, but manageable.  "Connor, I love you so much. It hurts me that you feel like you have to carry the whole world on your shoulders. You don't anymore. Like me take care of you a little," Klaus said picking up the light hand shaped paddle. Connor's bottom was a little pink in some parts, but mostly unmarked.  "Dad, you don't have to do this! I won't feed without permission again!" Connor swore. He felt the flat wooden instrument patting his warmed backside.   "I know you won't," Klaus said sadly as he raised the paddle slightly and brought it down with a little pop. Whap!  "AWWWW!" Connor shouted out in horror as he felt hundreds, thousands of bees stinging his backside at once.  Whap! His legs stiffened and he tried to twists off of Klaus' lap but Klaus' left arm held him tightly.  Whap! The paddle smacked across both of Connor's cheeks and began to turn them pink instantly.  "Oh my god! P-Please stop! Daddy, no more!" Connor howled. Klaus was only swatting him every few seconds, but the sting was fierce.  Whap! This one was on the left cheek and Connor's eyes filled with tears.  Whap! After the paddle came down on the right cheek, Connor began to bawl.  "S-Sorry, no more, p-please," he begged crying as the swats continued.  Klaus was only flicking his wrist and swatting fairly lightly but he could see the impact the paddle was having. Connor's backside was coloring rapidly and the boy was kicking and sobbing.  Whap! Whap! Whap! "AWWWW! OHHHH! NOOO," Connor wailed as Klaus forced himself to continue paddling.  "A little more, Son. I won't have you endanger yourself or others. You have a long life in front of you," Klaus said.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Connor's backside was a bright red now. The salve seemed to have stopped any, if not all of his healing. Klaus put the paddle down. He didn't think Connor could take more.  "No more of the paddle, but we're not done. I want you to sit in the corner and think about what would have happened if Rachael hadn't been there and Kol and Tyler hadn't come to fetch all of you," Klaus said. He stood up Connor and make sure his hands were at his side. He marched him to the corner and sat him in a wooden chair.  Connor howled as his bottom made contact, but Klaus pushed him back down. Connor's pants were still around his knees so this really stung. Klaus wasn't quite sure he had learned his lesson, but he didn't want to use the paddle on him anymore because he looked on the verge of bruising.  "Think. I'll be back in a moment," Klaus said. He put away the helping hand paddle and the salve and washed his own hands.  "Tell me what you learned," Klaus asked the crying boy.  "Not to disobey or feed when I'm not allowed. I could have killed that kid or let something bad happened. I'm sorry, Daddy. Please forgive me," Connor wailed breaking into fresh sobs and putting his head in his hands.  "Of course, I forgive you. Okay, stand up," Klaus said gently. He pulled up Connor's underwear and pants. Connor hissed, but managed to keep his hands at the side. Klaus was awed by his son's self-control.  Klaus led him back to the bed and sat and pulled Connor up in his arms. He pulled out the towel and wiped his face. He patted his backed and talked to him in a low, soothing voice. Connor finally put a hand back to rub his backside, but found it didn't really help.  "It's all over. You did really well. I'm so proud of you. I mean it, though. You don't have to carry so much responsibility. I'm sorry if I put that on you. You just be you, okay? That's enough," Klaus said holding him and rocking him as he patted his back.  Connor cried for a while and then fell asleep. Klaus covered them with a throw blanket and just held him. He had maybe depended on Connor too much to be responsible and to take care of the others. It wasn't fair to the boy and he was a boy, just like the rest. Klaus kissed the top of the boy's head and then briefly feel into a deep sleep himself. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Saturday, January 6, 2011MorningFreya had Kai and Rachael sit down at the island. She got Rachael some blood and both of them breakfast.  Kai didn't seem the slightest bit worried.  "I hope you were listening closely to watch Niklaus was saying. Kai, I cannot express how disappointed I am that you didn't, at the very least, keep a better eye on your little sister. And Rachael, it was kind of you to help Connor, you may have saved that boy's life, but it was also dangerous. A drunk hybrid. Without your magic, he could have hurt you, not on purpose, but by mistake," Freya lectured making them all tea.  "I-I, well, I took off the bracelet," Rachael admitted lightly. "What did you say, young lady? I spelled that so you wouldn't be able to. Wanna explain yourself?" Freya said stopping what she was doing.  "Don't get all pissy. I broke your spell. I have some magic in an amulet and I used that to draw some power and...so yeah, I broke your spell. Good muffin," Rachael said picking at the muffin Freya had given her.  Kai's eyes went wide, this wasn't the little sister that he remembered. What happened to the girl who used to dress up their cat and shove notes under the basement door when he was locked in?  "The agreement was that you would wear the bracelet until you were better able to control your magic. You will hand over that amulet immediately," Freya demanded.  "No, I won't. I can control my magic. I have controlled my magic. Calm down," Rachael declared popping another piece of the blueberry muffin in her mouth.  Kai interjected, "Do you know that Dana killed a young werewolf near New Orleans by accident? Sucked her completely dry. Do you want that to be you?" "Dana? I've always had more control than she had," Rachael boasted.  "Like with the smoking?" Freya retorted hotly.  "That's a low blow. Look, I did Connor a fucking favor and this is the thanks I get? Forget it, next time, I will let the goddamn humans get drained," Rachael snapped. Rachael got up to get more blood out of the refrigerator. Kol walked in the kitchen and stopped short."So this would not be the best time to take this bloke to task for stealing my flask and rooting through my belongings?" Kol quipped.  "Actually, Kol, I was just getting to him. Miss Rachael and I aren't quite finished speaking," Freya said. She grabbed one of her oversized plastic spatulas out of the ceramic holder on the counter and then grabbed Rachael's upper arm. Rachael was caught off-guard and dropped the blood bag back in the frig and let Freya pull her into her bedroom.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Kol and Kai looked at each a second in silence until Kai said, "Is she doing what I think she doing with that spoon?"  "If ya mean whacking your sister on the arse, then aye? She's probably getting a well-deserved shellacking in there. If I were my brother, I would have lined up the lot of you and taken a switch to every single one of you. However, I guess he had grown soft, or modern, I really don't know what the hell has gotten into him, but no good will come of it," Kol fumed.  "A switch! Lily used to threaten to switch me all the time in prison world when she said I was 'insolent." I only got it once or twice, but that was enough to get me to watch my mouth around her. Well, that and her washing my mouth out with soap. She also used to say she missed her bottle of castor oil, but I don't know what that is," Kol admitted.  "It's a foul tasting oil that they used to think cured pretty much any aliment. There was a joke, 'Castor oil will cure that cough, one dose and you will be too scared to cough!' It was also a punishment and a laxative, at the same time. This was also from the generation of people who would throw children into water from boats to teach them how to swim. Different times, lad," Kol recalled.  "I shouldn't have taken your flask. I'm sorry," Kai admitted.  Kol smirked, "Is all this talk of old fashioned punishments frightening you, mate?" "Would it make me a wimp if I said yes?" Kai admitted.  "Nah, it would make you smart, really. Times past were not for the faint hearted, maybe I would have turned out better if someone would have talked to me more instead of thrashing the devil out of me...but I sometimes fear that without those hidings I would have been worse. I can tell you have the same sharp tongue and impulsive streak I have, Kai. A word of advice, we put family first here, always and forever, for better or worse," Kol added. "I shouldn't have let Rachael go to the party either. I guess I was just selfish and wanted to go," Kai admitted.  "Maybe we're just overprotective here, but we do have quite a few enemies throughout the centuries," Kol mused.  "That's even more reason I should have left her alone. Ironic, though, because in our family, they always tried to make me out to be the bad one who they needed protection from. Who names their kid Malachi? It's like they expected me to be evil. I should be more prepared for when our family comes for us," Kai stated.  "That's a lot for a lad your age to handle. I'll forgive you for the flask and all that. Maybe I was too hard on you. And know that when your old family comes, you new family will fight hard for you," Kol swore. "Always and forever?" Kai quipped. "Always and forever, indeed, smart-arse!" Kol smiled clapping him on the back. Kol realized that Kai had just charmed him, but damned if the lad didn't remind him of himself.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Freya ordered Rachael to sit, "Rachael, I've tried to be patient with you, but you clearly have no respect for me or anyone else. So I guess I will try to get through to you and get your attention another way. When I give you a rule, I expect you to follow it, even if you don't like it. Do you understand?" Freya sat down herself on her bed and lay the large spatula on the bed.  Rachael scowled, "Yes, I get it. Can I go now? This is really stupid."  "You need to learn to speak to others with some respect. If you can't do that on your own, I'll help you," Freya said.  "What? By beating me? Go ahead, it won't help," Rachael bit back.  "We'll see about that. Maybe this is my fault? I should be giving you a little more direction and less freedom. That ends. Come here please. I want you to bend over the bed," Freya said with a deadly calm.  "No! I'm not going to. I didn't do anything wrong," Rachael answered back sharply.  Freya ticked off, "You disobeyed about taking off the magical siphon blocking bracelet, you got drunk on grain alcohol at a college party, you used magic on a hybrid, you cursed at me and talked back several times, you were disrespectful, and you put yourself in danger."  Rachael didn't like the way this was going. She had no defense. "Yeah, when you put it that way, it sounds bad. But can't I get a warning first. I mean, I just got in trouble on Thursday!," Rachael whined.  "Rachael, I didn't want to bring that up, but Elijah and Vanessa said that they gave you the option to stay in your room or to wait for me. I am proud of you for stepping up and accepting the consequences for your actions. Was it that bad?" Freya asked.  Rachael nodded, "I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to get it again either!"  "I understand, but if I have to start counting, it's going to be a lot worse. I don't think you want my brother Kol to have to hold you down. I know you are a vampire and you are strong. I won't use my magic on you, I guess you could just absorb it. Rachael, do you want to live here? Do you want to be a part of this family?" Freya asked evenly.  "Yeah, I guess. I don't like being some charity case, though," Rachael spat.  "Has anyone treated you like that? I hope that we have all treated you with love and respect, not just being that you are a powerful witch, but because you are a funny, brave, strong girl that I admire very much. One," Freya smiled. The counting always seemed to work.  "Two," Freya continued picking up the spoon. Rachael huffed out a breath and stomped over to the bed.  "Good girl. Lean over the bed," Freya said softly. Rachael threw herself on her elbows so her backside stuck up. She was wearing black leggings and an oversized t-shirt. Freya lifted the t-shirt and tapped the spatula from cheek to cheek. "Think about this the next time you break on of my spells," Freya warned. Thwap! Thwap! Thwap! Thwap! Thwap! Thwap! Freya swatted each cheek hard three times. She held down Rachael with her left hand, but knew that the young hybrid could overpower her if she wanted to.  Rachael heard the cracks of the swats and felt the sharp burning, but before she could react, it was over. The spatula was heavy, but Rachael's healing would neutralize any stinging and burning in a few minutes.  Thwap! Thwap! Rachael gasped at the two whacks to her sit spots. A few more of those and she would be howling.  "That's for telling me to calm down," Freya added.  Freya kept her hand on Rachael's back, but threw down the spatula on the bedspread.  Rachael panted a second, "Sorry." She was, too.  Freya broke, "Rachael, I'm sorry, too. I wish I knew what I was doing more. I haven't been there for you the way you needed. Can you forgive me, too? Come on, hon, you can get up. That's it?"  "Really?" Rachael said in shock and relief. "Really," Freya assured her.  Rachael saw how defeated Freya looked, she stood up and lightly rubbed her sore behind. When Freya stood up, Rachael hugged her around the waist suddenly. She deserved more. "You have been there. I just wasn't listening," Rachael uttered into Freya's shoulder.  Freya held her and stoked her red hair, "No one's ever broken one of my spells before. You made it seem easy. I think it's time you meet Bonnie and we talk about the coven. Kai and Dana, too."  "Really? Are you serious? That would be great!" Rachael gasped.  "But you have to listen, okay? The only way we can make this work if we trust each other and listen. And anymore of 'don't get pissy', 'calm down' and that and you will get the wooden spoon without the benefit of your pants. And I will be hanging onto the amulet until I'm comfortable that you are under control a little bit more," Freya decided.  "Fine," Rachael groaned. Freya swatted her backside smartly. Thwarp! "I mean, yes, ma'am," Rachael corrected.  "I do love you, Rachael. I know it's going to take time, but we'll get there," Freya said with a laugh as Rachael tried again to rub out the sting. "Can you show me how to encircle someone in fire? I would also like to lean how to...," Rachael blurted as they walked out. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Klaus' Quarters1:12 pmKlaus woke up still holding a sleeping Connor. It always amazing him how much younger his boys looked when they were sleeping. Of course to him, they were practically infants. He didn't want to get up, but he did want to speak to Erik and then check on the other boys.  Camille had suggested that Connor and Erik might benefit from talking to a professional a few times. Klaus had meant to arrange it, but wasn't sure if they would open up to a stranger. Now, he regretted that decision seeing how Connor held so much inside. Of course, he would let loose a little too much with that amount with alcohol in his system. A hybrid with his strength and wolf lineage could have slaughtered the entire campus of Whitmore College if he wanted to. Giving into the bloodlust only created more of it, it was a beast, which when not tamed, would grow out of control. Klaus knew this because he had given in to the rage and hunger which fed into his despair and pain in centuries past. He never wanted that for his children. Connor wouldn't admit it, but Klaus could see how much Erik's sharp barbs wounded him. Without Elijah at his side, Klaus could have never reined himself in. Klaus wondered how many times he had hurt Elijah and Elijah had withstood it without complaint. Too many to count. He wouldn't let the same pattern emerge in his sons.  Klaus gently extracted himself and covered up Connor again. He'd let him sleep as long as he wanted today. Klaus knocked on Matt and Jeremy's room first to see if they were actually obeying him.  "Knock, knock. I came to check on you, boys," Klaus said surveying the room.  "What do you think, Dad?" Matt said proudly. The room was spotless.  "Wow, this room is immaculate! Next, you'll be showing me your school work," Klaus laughed.  Jermey tossed him a notebook saying, "Algebra, finished. You can even check it."  "Whoa, I must say I am very impressed. Now, what caused this. Are you two feeling guilty? Hmm? Come on, sit, you can talk to me," Klaus said taking a chair near the television.  Matt flushed, "Yeah, we should have known it was a bad idea to go all the way to the college. I don't know why we didn't just stay at the Grill." Jeremy added, "It's just hard to heard you can't trust us. We let you down." "Boys, you made a bit of a mistake. Perhaps if they were serving beer at the party, it would have turned out fine. You can always earn trust back through showing maturity and making better decisions. There are younger kids in the house now and they look up to you. I recall when it was just the two of you and Tyler wrestling and breaking things. That was just a few months ago. Fighting and all that, now look at you. I'm very proud," Klaus said with emotion.  Klaus then went into see Tyler and Erik. He could hear the loud music thumping through the sound proofed room.  "I don't think your music is loud enough," Klaus shouted as he opened the door. Sadie was somehow sleeping on the floor, but woke up when Klaus came in. Klaus noticed their room was pretty clean, too.  Tyler laughed and turned it down, "Sorry, Dad. Where's Connor? Did you chain him up in the dungeon?"  "Yes, he is in there until he wakes up from his nap," Klaus joked.  Erik grimaced, "Sorry, Dad."  "What, Son?" Klaus asked.  "I know he told you how I've been acting up. Uncle Kol already tore me a new one," Erik admitted.  "I'll take Sadie out," Tyler said. Klaus mouthed a thank you to him.  "Erik, do you want to talk about it? I thought things were better lately between the two of you," Klaus said sitting on the couch and indicating that Erik should sit next to him.  "They are. I just get so mad how he tried to lord over me. I guess I've been just rubbing it in his face that he can't whup me no more, even when I deserve it," Erik confessed.  "Erik, he used to take care of you, feed you, protect you at the cost of his own safety and health. He's not much older than you. And acting up a little doesn't always mean you deserve to get your backside tanned. Sometimes you're too hard on yourselves," Klaus said gently.  "I know. I guess I just don't know what that makes us no more. Like where we stand. Do I have to listen to him cause he's older? He ain't my dad, but he's still my brother. I don't mean to act ornery with him, but I keep saying real mean stuff to him. I feel like he wants to just lick me and get it over with, but he ain't allowed to not more. Right, you told him he ain't supposed to do nothing to me, I shouldn't curse at him and insult him like I did," Erik pressed. "Erik, it's not his place to discipline you. I want you two to be regular brothers. Yes, I realize that it is normal to argue some, but this seems like it is you instigating it.  Just like any other child here, if you choose to keep bullying, name calling, and harassing Connor, you are going to be punished yourself. Fair enough?" Klaus questioned.  Erik reddened, "I'll stop. I swear."  "I'm tempted to send you to bed early for the next week, but I'm going to give you one more chance," Klaus warned.  Erik exhaled loudly in relief. He was more afraid about the guys teasing him about it, then actually going to bed early.  "But I'm warning you, anymore cruel comments about Connor's virginity, cursing at him, etc., and before I send you up to bed early, it will after a good, sound spanking," Klaus promised. He deliberately used those words as he knew Erik was always afraid of the other boys thinking he was a baby. Klaus really needed him to stop hounding Connor, Connor had been through enough.  Erik looked terrified at the thought.  "Sweetheart, come here. It wouldn't be that bad. You don't have to be terrified. That last smacking you got was for running away to the Bayou, okay? They are not all that hard and I very rarely use that heavy paddle except when a boy has been very naughty. It wouldn't be like that again," Klaus said pulling the terrified boy into his arms. Klaus could feel him trembling.  "What's wrong, Son?" Klaus whispered.  "Nothing. I just hate how I act real mean now sometimes. I can't control it no more. But I don't want to go to bed early, it's too embarrassing," Eric cried.  "Erik, you became a vampire and a werewolf on the same night. This is a feat few people in history have accomplished. Your anger is heightened by your wolf side and your emotions by your vampire side. You are doing a great job. But when you slip up, I'm going to be here to correct you. You can control it, you can, with some effort. In time, it gets better, believe me. Now, let's take your mind off it. The room looks good. How about we all go down and watch a movie in the great room. You guys can make a fire and popcorn. I'll even let you kids pick the movie," Klaus smiled. He was rubbing Erik's back.  "Okay," Erik said wiping away the tears that escaped.  "I'm going to arrange for us to go talk to that therapist Cami suggested. I know you're not crazy about the idea, but I think it would help. Speaking of, I'm going to call Camille before I come down," Klaus said letting Erik up. Erik still felt a little uncomfortable with receiving affection, but he was getting better. Klaus knew from Marcel that it would take months, years, perhaps decades to make up for the lack of this in their early years. Although, he and his siblings got nothing but abuse from Mikael, they are least did have their mother's love. Klaus couldn't help but reaching out once more to push the boy's hair blond behind his ear. It was funny, but it stuck him suddenly that Erik resembled him the most out of all of his children with his dirty blond hair the same shade as Klaus', not that it mattered. It was only notable that it didn't matter to him, he didn't need to have a DNA link to adore each one of them. "Would you gather everyone together, Erik? Your brother is in my room. Connor's not mad at you, but you know he would appreciate it if you talked to him. Give me fifteen minutes," Klaus smiled.  "Okay, Dad. I'll get 'em all down there. Maybe we oughta let you or Uncle Kol pick the movie since we caused so many problems this week," Erik suggested.  "Oh, I wouldn't dream of it. You surprise me," Klaus smiled.  Erik promised they would and went to get Connor first. "Hey lazy bones, wake up!" Erik said.  Connor stirred, "What time is it?"  "Like around 2 I think. Come on, we're gonna watch a movie downstairs," Erik said sitting on the side of the bed.  Connor shifted and groaned a little.  "That goddamn salve shit...," Connor muttered under his breath.  "Bad?" Erik said. "It's the worst one yet, you can't wash it off, I reckon. I shouldn't have ate that guy at the college. Wish we never went...never mind that though," Connor trailed off, getting up.  "Dad talked to me," Erik said solemnly.  "Oh yeah, what'd he say?" Connor said stretching and going over to the dresser.  "Nothing much. Just I'm gonna get it if I'm rude to you and have to...," Erik was too embarrassed to say it.  "Go to bed early? That's the worst thing for you, ain't it?" Connor smirked.  "Yeah, it just makes me feel like a friggin' baby or something. Anyways, just don't tell on me," Erik smiled.  "Just don't be a little smart mouth and I won't have to say nothing," Connor said peeling down his pajama pants on one side.  "Looks fine," Erik said.  "Weird, it's still hot and tight or something. I best get to set on the couch down there. I'm hungry, too. Let's go," Connor said pushing Erik in front of him.  "You gotta push me?" Erik laughed.  "Well, if you stand right in front of me, I guess I do. Where's Ty? Is everyone coming down?" Connor asked.  "I didn't ask them yet," Erik said.  "Oh wow, I feel honored you asked me first," Connor stated.  "Don't. I just wanted to make sure you wasn't skinned alive," Erik laughed.  "Well, lucky for y'all, I ain't. What movie we watching?" Connor asked as they went to get the other guys.  "No idea," Erik said. He really didn't care as long as they were all together. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Saturday, January 6, 20114pmElijah was relieved to finally be home. Dana had done an admirable job dealing with Penelope. Finn and Henrik had been well-behaved until they became tired and crashed from the sugar and excitement of a day at Fun Town. They did have a small hair pulling incident in the car on the way home over some perceived slight. One of their stuffed animal prizes they purchased with their tickets get his arm ripped off.  Dana butted in and called the boys brats and tried to salvage the rest of the stuffed dog that Finn had named Sadie 2.  Vanessa asked her to keep her opinions to herself. When they all finally got into the house, they were all tired and cranky. "Okay, I think we missed the nap window, so let's just take it easy the rest of the evening," Elijah announced.  Vanessa herded the boys upstairs to take a bath as they were covered in sticky cotton candy residue. Dana and Penny joined the group still watching movies in the great room.  "Ewww, this movie looks terrible," Penny moaned. There was shooting and fighting and the movie looked boring to her. Someone threw popcorn at Penny and she kicked Jeremy's leg who was on the floor nearest to her.  "Hey, I didn't do anything!" Jeremy interjected.  Klaus got up and whispered something to Penny.  Penny hissed, "Sorry!" to Jeremy. He grunted in acceptance. Klaus wasn't hoping for miracles and kissed Jeremy on the head, and told the boys he was taking Penny upstairs.  "Dana, did you have a nice time?" Klaus inquired.  Dana glanced at Penny and nodded, "I've had worse days."  "Good. Okay, Penny lets go get you situated. I've barely seen you," Klaus remarked taking her by the hand. Dana sat down and started watching the movie.  "Do you even care?" Penny snipped pulling away as they headed upstairs. Her deep blue eyes looked at him with accusation. "Of course I do, sweetheart. I'm sorry if you feel ignored. Come on, we'll talk upstairs," Klaus said offering his hand away. It pained him that this dark haired beauty still questioned his love for her.  Penny scowled but took his hand again.  "Did you behave for Uncle Elijah and Vanessa?" Klaus asked causally.  "Yes, Finn and Henrik were fighting in the car! They ripped the arm off of a dog and got in trouble. Dana called them brats and Vanessa yelled at her," Penny giggled.  Klaus frowned, "You were gone quite a long time. I'm sure they were tired.  Did you play with them at Fun Town or just Dana?" "Everybody, I guess. Can we play games tonight?" Penny whined.  "We shall see. Camille is coming over later. You know she'll play whatever you like," Klaus assured her.  "Why is she coming over?" Penny asked hotly.  Klaus slowed his pace, "Sweetheart, you know that Camille is going to become my wife. Someday soon, she will move in for good.  You know she loves you." "Yeah, but she's always trying to get me to say things," Penny grumped.  "Penny, that's what people do, talk," Klaus laughed gently. ' "It's annoying," Penny said.  "I don't think you like for people to know you have feeling sometimes. You know, Cami will be your stepmother, won't that be nice," Klaus prompted.  "Will she be like my real mother? Like Vanessa is a real mother?" Penny asked looking troubled.  "What do you mean, luv? Freya and Vanessa also help take care of you," Klaus clarified.  "No, I mean, will she want me to be her kid?" Penny finally asked.  "Of course, she does now. Would you like Camille to adopt you, too? Like I did?" Klaus said stopping suddenly. He and Camille had never talked about it.  "No, it's okay. It's probably too much trouble," Penny muttered.  "Nothing is too much trouble for you," Klaus said turning and lifting her chin with his other hand. Her cheeks were flushed, only highlighting how pale she was. Maybe they should spend the Spring holidays at the beach. The child needed to get out more.  In her room, Klaus helped her get more comfortable clothes out and watched as Penny went into the bathroom to change. Rachael and Dana's things were sprawled out over the room. It looked much more lived in, but they needed to get the girls each a bed of her own. Kol was still sleeping in Davina's room, and Kai in Kol's room. Elijah and Klaus had a Sunday meeting with the architects tomorrow. That was one of the perks of their wealth, businesses would drop anything to work with them. Klaus also was planning to meet with Caroline's mother tomorrow. He had spoken to Mayor Carol Lockwood on the phone and she was open to helping her son in any way.  "Dad, I'm changed. Can I just get on my iPad?" Penny asked.  "Sure, sweetheart. But only if I can sit with you a little while," Klaus smiled. They turned on the television and settled on the couch. Klaus had put in a mini-fridge with blood bags in it over near the kitchenette area. He popped a straw in one for each of them. They had increased all the hybrids blood intake to two blood bags, none of them seemed to be showing any signs of becoming a ripper, so it seemed prudent to let them have more blood to prevent any cravings that could lead to attacks.  "Thanks, Dad," Penny said softly, "Can you come to Fun Town the next time? Uncle Elijah said he's the best at the claw. Maybe you can prove him wrong!"Klaus smiled and pulled her close to him, "Of course, if you want that. But I don't want you kicking your brothers like you kicked poor Jeremy. I see that again and no Fun Town for a while."  "Okay," Penny groaned. She had already said sorry, she didn't like that he had reminded her again about it.  Klaus then watched her on her iPad doing things he didn't quite understand and watching things he found not in the least bit amusing, but he laughed with Penny anyway as he stoked her hair.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Kol took Matt, Kai, and Rachael with him to drive at the Quarry later than afternoon. They took the Porsche which Kol reminded them was now his Porsche because Elijah gave it to him, but he did let Matt drive. Kai and Rachael had never driven before so he gave them their first lesson. With Rachael's vampire reflexes she did much better than Kai did, but he laughed it off.  "It's fine to be shown up by my 14 year old sister in driving. I'm just glad to be in a world with cars again. Thanks for bringing us out here," Kai added to Kol.  "Yeah, it was fun. Thanks...," Rachael stumbled, not sure what to call him.  Matt pushed in, "Uncle Kol. He may look not much older, but remember he's ancient!" The kids laughed.  "Ancient enough to know that if you lot keep being so cheeky, this will be your last bloody lesson in my new Porsche!" Kol retorted.  Matt prodded, "You mean Uncle Elijah's Porsche!"  Kol vamped and grabbed him around the waist, lifting him, and shouted, "I'm gonna toss you into the bleedin' quarry, Matthew!"  "No! I'm done, I'm done," Matt laughed, extracting himself from the Original vampire's hold.  "I'd take off my bracelet and siphon him for you, Matt, but Freya would know," Rachael lamented.  "And you'd get another round with that spatula," Kol smirked.  "Big deal. I can take like three whacks with that thing easy," Rachael bragged.  Kol opened the door for the kids to get back in the sports car.  "Three? For breaking her spell. Aye, my siblings have gone soft. You better hope they don't leave me in charge. Well, come to think of it, it was a disaster the last time I babysat, so you are probably safe from my wrath.  Now get in the car, I do have other things to do today, if anyone cares," Kol quipped.  Matt grinned, "We don't. But seriously, Uncle Kol, thanks. I sort of thought we were grounded today, but I guess since we finally cleaned, the old man took pity on us."  "Aye, I think your father knows he can only pen you lot up in that big old house for so long together without it turning into Bedlam," Kol said watching the road.  "What's Bedlam?" Rachael asked as she and Kai got into a fight over a lighter Rachael had in her hand that Kai wanted to see.  "Nevermind, luv. Stop fooling around back there. What are you fighting over?" Kol asked.  "Nothing," Kai said snatching the lighter. He had taken to smoking in the prison world when he could get away with it. He could use a lighter. Dana kicked him hard one last time in the leg. Kai cried out.  "I'm still fucking human, Rachael! Jesus," Kai said holding his leg.  Rachael reddened, realizing she had kicked him too hard.  "Sorry, Kai. Are you okay?" Rachael said watching as he rolled up his pant leg.  "I'm going to have a huge bruise. I'll just tell Freya when we get back," Kol promised,  "Do that and I will kick your ass ten times harder. I said sorry," Rachael scoffed.  Matt and Kol were talking about cars in the front seats.  "Can you two knock it off back there?" Matt said in a mocking voice turning around.  "Fuck off," Rachael muttered, punching the back of his seat.  "Watch it, Rachael. You do that in front of Elijah or Klaus and I guarantee you're regret it, little girl," Kol warned.  Rachael stuck out her tongue at Kol and gave him the finger. He and Matt glanced at each other and smiled wryly. "Oh Rachael, witch or vampire, you're gonna learn the hard way to behave yourself. Trust me," Matt lectured.  Rachael flicked Kai in the ear and said, "Whatever!"  Kai didn't know whether to rub his aching leg or stinging ear. This was not the sweet little girl he remembered at all. God, he really needed a smoke. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^6:48 pmCami came in through the garage into the kitchen. Klaus had given her the security codes for the house. She had had a patient emergency which caused her to be later than usual.  "Hey, how are you guys?" Cami said to Keelin and Freya.  They were at the stove making Keelin's secret family chili recipe.  "Hungry. How are you?" Freya said hugging her lightly. She wasn't sure how clean her apron was and Cami was wearing a winter white fuzzy sweater and beige pants.  "Anxious to see my man, honestly. Do you know where he is hiding? He usually meets me at the door. I don't know if this is a good or bad sign?" Cami joked. "He took Penny upstairs a while ago. I haven't seen either of them since," Freya said going back to cutting onions as Keelin added more tomato paste into the huge pot.  "Thank you. I'll check up there. It seems great already. I guess I'm starving, too. Come on, Sadie," Cami remarked as the friendly dog ran up to her.  "Hey guys," Cami said pausing to say hi as she noticed Jeremy, Connor, and Erik playing video games in the large bedroom.  "Hi Cami," they said.  "Wow, this room looks really clean. Did your uncle hire another cleaning crew or something?" Cami asked in amazement.  "No, ma'am. We did it. We kinda got in some more trouble so we did it this morning afterwards. There are like 20 loads of laundry downstairs," Erik said solemnly.  "Twenty, oh my. Erik, honey, you don't have to call me 'ma'am' you know, I'm going to be your step-mother," Cami laughed.  Connor smirked, "You don't say it where we come from, you're liable to get knocked into the middle of next week looking both ways for Sunday!" Erik nodded, "That's right."  Jeremy threw a shoe at Erik, "Focus on the game! Sorry, Cami. We're in the middle of a war."  "I'll leave ya to it. Sorry to interrupt," Cami smiled.  Cami tapped on Penny's door and lightly opened it when she didn't get a response.  She found the iPad and tv blaring and Penny and Klaus asleep on the couch. Klaus had his arm around Penny and her head was resting on his chest. The innocence of the little girl's expression struck Cami, it was so different from when she was awake. All her beauty hid a past of bitterness and hurt. Cami turned off the television and iPad. Penny stirred.  "Cami, you're here!" Penny said.  "Hi, your dad must be worn out. I've never see him fall asleep so early. Did you overwork him?" Cami teased.  "No, Uncle Elijah took me to Fun Town. Dad stayed here. He said he would go next time. Cami, are you going to adopt me?" Penny asked suddenly.  "Adopt you?" Cami blinked in surprise.  "Oh honey, I would love to adopt you, if that is something you would want," Cami replied without hesitation.  Penny nodded, "I want you to adopt me right now. Then, I'll have a mom and a dad! Like...other kids." Cami said in the chair near the couch, "Is that the only reason you want me to adopt you?"  Penny shrugged.  Cami went on, "You know, some kids live with their grandparents or have one parent, or two moms, two dads, or an older sibling. I can tell you that not all kids who have two parents have perfect lives. You understand that right?  When I marry your dad, I think it might be a little bit hard for a while." "Why?" Penny asked in confusion.  "Because it's hard to have change. Sometimes it can be for the better, but it can still be hard to take. I might do things differently that you are used to, take some more of your dad's time, or do some things you kids don't like," Cami explained.  "Like what? Are you worried?" Penny pressed.  "I guess I'm most worried about time. There are six of you kids living here and Marcel, plus the rest of the family. I guess I don't want to feel like I'm taking your dad away from you," Cami confessed.  "But there will also be you, so that is an extra person to go around!" Penny said plainly.  "You know, Penny. That's a good point. Now should we wake up Dad before he is up all night like a tv vampire?" Cami giggled.  "Yes! Let me," Penny said, "DADDY! Wake up!"  "Ah, I-I'm up. I was j-just resting my eyes. Oh Camille, I was dreaming of you and the children. In my dream, we,-" Klaus stopped looking at Penny.  "Had a baby! I dreamt it too, Dad. It was a girl," Penny predicted.  "Well, I hope you will be a good babysitter, Penny, because it looks like we'll need one around here," Cami responded.  "I'm starving. Please tell me Elijah is cooking tonight," Klaus begged.  "No, but Freya and Keelin seem to be making chili, I think," Cami shared.  "Good, I have a feeling Elijah and Vanessa also passed out," Klaus supposed. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"Did we really agree to host a sleepover next weekend?" Elijah asked Vanessa as they got up from bed. They hadn't been sleeping, but they had some alone time while the boys were playing quietly in their room. They let them have time with their games or electronics in the afternoon only for a few hours.  "Yes, they really seem to like those brothers from their classes. I talked to the mom, she seems a little intense, but nice. She already texted a list of allergies, and food intolerances to me. She said the older boy is  chronic bed wetter to boot," Vanessa shared.  "Oh no, poor kid. I wonder if it's a medical problem or something. Well, hopefully, it will be a good experience for all of them. They could always sleep in the tents or sleeping bags in the great room," Elijah suggested.  "We'll see. It's still a week away. Did you notice Henrik's nose was running  a lot? I hope the boys aren't getting colds. Elijah, are you okay? You seem stressed yourself. You didn't even say a word when the boys got in that blow out in the car," Vanessa clarified.  "I'm sorry, dear. I guess I'm a little worried about money and how we are going to finance the additions to the house. The housing crisis didn't bankrupt us, but it didn't help. The architects are coming tomorrow morning and these new projects are going to cost a pretty penny," Elijah fussed.  "Oh no, can I help? I hate to see you so stressed," Vanessa soothed.  "I'll take care of it. Please don't mention anything to my siblings. They have never understood how I actually keep this family afloat. They think the money appears out of thin air, when in reality, my investments are what keep us going. I can't just compel people to hand over their bank accounts, like they think I do," Elijah laughed.  "Just take a deep breath. I won't say anything, but I want you to calm down a little. Let me help you," Vanessa said hugging him tightly.  "You just being here helps me more than you would ever know," Elijah swore. He kissed her softly, then more passionately, until he forgot to worry about the money. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Saturday, January 6, 2011 Dinner was a grand affair. Keelin's chili was a hit, though the younger kids wouldn't eat it. Finn, especially, seemed to have a fear of the "spicy" food and declined to try it despite Elijah's prompting. Klaus reheated them leftover pizza. The rest of the family dug in and was very impressed by the meal and even had seconds. "So what do we have to do to get the secret recipe, Keelin?" Klaus asked pouring another glass of a special 1985 white Burgundy for her. Elijah winced watching the expensive wine drain into each cup. Klaus had no restraint. "Oh, no. The wine won't do the trick, but nice try. It's a Malraux thing, only blood relatives or those married into the family can know," Keelin admitted sipping at her newly refilled glass.  "Oh, I guess we'll just have to get married then," Freya laughed.  "Do you have a dress?," Keelin asked, as they clasped hands on top of the table. They couldn't take their eyes off each other.  "We could make it a triple wedding," Klaus suggested topping off Cami's glass.  "Klaus, stop! I'm human, remember? You're going to have to carry me to bed if I drink anymore," Cami said slapping his hand away.  "I will carry you through hell, my empress!" Klaus growled kissing her hand and up her arm as he pushed up her fuzzy white sweater. Cami laughed and tried to pull away.  "Ah, there are children present, Brother!" Kol scolded smiling at Finn and Henrik's wide eyes at Klaus saying "hell" and giggling.  "You're right, I'm sorry, boys. I have been much too, what's the word in English? Impertinent? Nay, die sauferei?" Klaus offered.  "Sprich bitte Englisch!" Elijah corrected.  Vanessa and Freya were trying to figure out what they said. Freya though Klaus had said he was drunk in German. Kol groaned, "Nik is, ah, blathered. He does that, speaks German. Next, he starts drunk painting. Aye, I said it, drunk painting, it's his thing. Watch out, world. Can someone make him coffee?"  "I'm bloody fine," Klaus defended himself.  "No, you're not. Let me get desert. It's lemon bars, from that little bakery near my condo," Cami said.  "Sweet. Come here, luv," Klaus called to Penny. She went and sat with him without arguing. Maybe she was too old, but she looked tired and he ached to hold her. He still thought she looked pale, but she said she felt fine. Cami had told Klaus about Penny wanted her to adopt her and felt elated. He wondered how Connor and Erik would feel. "So how did you all like your driving lessons with Uncle Kol today?" Freya asked Matt, Kai, and Rachael. "Good, except Rachael was a lot better at maneuvering the Porsche than me," Kai admitted.  "I'm probably better at most things, Kai. You know I am not just a witch anymore...," Rachael smirked.  "Brag, much?" Tyler scoffs.  "Shut up, Tyler. You brag more than anyone I ever met...'I own a mansion and my mum's the mayor. I can benchpress a million pounds!' Ironic, you calling me a bragger!" Rachael retorted.  "Technically, you mean 'braggart', but go on," Jeremy cut in. Rachael mouthed, "Fuck you" to Jeremy. "Whoa!" Kol said, "Slow down there, little lady. You don't need to go for the jugular. We're all family here."  "Whatever!" Rachael said rolling her eyes.  "No, it's fine, Uncle Kol. Dad, may I be excused?" Tyler said without a flash of temper.  "We haven't even had dessert, Son," Klaus remarked.  "I lost my appetite. Besides, I need to call Caroline," Tyler said.  "Alright. Goodnight, Tyler," Klaus said.  Kai, who was right beside Rachael, whispered, "Don't be such a cunt, you're acting like a little twat."  "They can hear you, dummy. Vampire hearing," Rachael deflected.  He looked up to several set of angry eyes on him and mumbled, "Sorry."  Freya remarked, "Rachael, if you can't be polite, you can leave the table, too." Freya, not being a vampire, hadn't heard his comments to his sister, but the rest of the vampires heard it. Rachael ignored her and pulled out her phone. Now, Dana elbowed her as the adults were eyeballing her.  "Put it away, please," Freya said. For a few seconds, Rachael ignored her.  Elijah got up to take the younger boys to bed as they also didn't like the lemon bars. "I'll help you," Vanessa said.  "No, my dear, you stay. They are half-asleep already," Elijah reassured her.  Freya cleared her throat. If Keelin wasn't there, she would have taken the phone and confiscated it, but she really didn't want to cause a scene. Finally, Rachael huffed and tossed the phone back in her pocket.  After a few seconds, everyone went back to other conversations. Kol looked across the table and gave Rachael a look.  "What? You want to yell at me now?" Rachael snipped.  "Come on, luv. We'll take the dog out back," Kol said kindly.  Rachael made a disgusted face, but got up and followed him out of the dining room and out the back. When they got out back, Sadie ran off to chase a scent and they were alone.  "So, are you pushing to get my sister to really blister your backside tonight? Or are you just daft?" Kol said lightly.  "Um, neither! Am I not allowed to fucking defend myself? She already whacked me once today, isn't there like a cap on getting beat twice in one day? Jesus," Rachael spat.  "Around here, no. There is no cap. Rachael, take it from me, this isn't the right way to get attention. You are just insulting everyone off, including your own brother. Is there a reason for it?" Kol asked.  "You know, before he was the evil siphon shut-in, Kai was the golden boy. Everyone assumed he would be the leader someday, maybe that's why Jo went so bad. She was discounted and treated like second best. It was all, 'Kai, what do you think?' 'Kai, what do you want to do?" "Kai, you make the final decision." He wasn't very nice to me, or anyone really. Then, bam! He siphoned someone by accident and then they knew. In one day, it was over and he went from being the king to a pariah," Rachael recalled bitterly.  "So what does that have to do with now, Rachael? He's your brother. He suffered for years. He was a child at the time," Kol pointed out.  "I guess. It's just now, I'm more powerful than him and I vowed to never like anyone kick me around again. Not people like Tyler or people like my brother, no one. I'm sorry if that makes me a bitch, or twat, but deal with it," Rachael reiterated.  "Rachael, luv, Kai shouldn't have called you those names. I'll talk to him about that. He won't do it again, you have my word? But he was trying to keep you out of trouble.  There's a difference between being assertive and aggressive. Maybe that's funny coming from me, but I'd hate for you to make the mistakes I made. This is your family now. When you hurt your family, they will forgive you, but they don't forget," Kol added quietly.  "What did you do? To your family?" Rachael asked with curiosity.  "Like you, I was once a powerful witch, even at a young age. I had a talent, I guess. When our mother turned us into this, bloodsuckers, I lost the best thing about me. I felt lost for centuries. Sometimes Nik and I were partners in crime, drenching ourselves in blood and gore, like the monsters I thought we were destined to always be. Then, one day, Niklaus found an enslaved boy and named him Marcellus. From then on, he loved that boy more than anything. I was jealous. I acted out. I am ashamed to say that I didn't handle things well. But, I'm not that monster anymore," Kol vowed.  "Why? What changed?" Rachael asked looking up at the night sky.  "I met a girl...she also happens to be a witch and the love of my life," Kol smiled, also looking up.  "I'll try harder. Thanks for trying to help me. I want to learn how to control it, this, whatever it is. My siphoning, my vampire side...dealing with my fucked up family. They want us dead, yet a part of me still...," Rachael couldn't say it.  "Loves them. Rachael. We get it. Our parents murdered us, made us unable to die while craving the lifeblood of humans for eternity. There may not be another family that can understand that as well as us. Let us help you, teach you. And luv, if you are hard headed as me, then it will be a painful path," Kol conceded.  Rachael petted Sadie as she ran back to them. Kai and Connor came out. Connor asked wryly, "Is this a private party?"  "Nay, mate. I was just boring Rachael here to death with tales of woe from my life to serve as lessons as what not to do," Kol replied.  "Hey Rachael, sorry if you got in trouble because you helped me last night. Thank you. If I would have killed that guy, I just don't know how I'd feel right now," Connor said to Rachael. "No problem. It was a reflex. You seemed out of it. I didn't think you knew what you were doing," Rachael added.  "That's good of you. Do you guys mind...?," Kai said eyeing his younger sister.  "Sure, but you and me are going to have a little chat before you go to bed tonight, mate," Kol warned.  Kol and Connor took the dog back in the house to give them some privacy. Kai sat on a chair on the patio.  "Rachael, I'll never forgive myself for letting you go to that party last night. I know you can protect yourself, but you shouldn't have to. I know you might be pissed at me, but I don't want to see you get in more trouble. This morning, when Freya took you in the bedroom, I felt like I'm the one who deserved to get that spatula, not you. I'm sorry that I didn't say that. I guess I'm a coward," Kai confessed.  "Kai, can we just start over, forget the past, and move on. I am glad you are free now. I never forgot you. I guess a part of me pushes you away because I'm afraid that this isn't real, that you will leave again or not survive the merge. I'm afraid to get close to you again. It hurts. What they did to us, to you, to Dana, to me. But I want it to make us stronger and when they come for us, I want us to be ready," Rachael vowed strongly.  "Me, too. But we are also going to need the Mikaelsons on our side. Not only to teach us, but to fight by our sides. We can't alienate them. And I am sorry about calling you those names. I don't think Uncle Kol is too pleased by that," Kai grimaced.  Rachael let Kai rub her on the back for a moment. She wondered where Dana was, they used to be inseparable, but now Dana only seemed to care about Penny. Just as she was about to say that, Kol came back out.  "Rachael, Kai, time to come in. It's getting late," Kol called.  They came in to find the kitchen already cleaned up and everyone scattered to their bedrooms. "Freya said to go up to bed and she'd be up soon to say goodnight," Kol said to Rachael.  "Am I in trouble?" Rachael asked anxiously twirling her red hair in her fingers.  "Not sure, luv. I would wager you're at least lookin' at a decent talking-to," Kol admitted. Rachael nodded and turned around to leave. Then, she turned back and kissed Kol on the cheek. He was surprised by the gesture from the sometimes sullen hybrid and stunned a moment.  But he was touched. "Wow," Kai said after she left.  "Aye, lad. Women are full of surprises. However, ya don't ever use those words you did tonight. Vulgar," Kol scolded.  "She was pissing me off. I didn't realize you all heard heard that," Kai admitted defensively.  "We did. No excuses. Open up that drawer over there by the stove," Kol prompted. "Well, I don't need a dishtowel...Is this the junk drawer?," Kai said finding the paddleball paddle in the drawer. It stood out among the various birthday candles, pens, tape, and other random items. "Freya asked me to have a talk with you. Aye, I had a good mind to use that paddle on you tonight. Almost every kid in this house has gotten swatted with that thing and it seemed that it only takes once or twice to make a pretty good impression. I'm going to use my hand this time, but I'm warning you if you give me a hard time, you'll be getting that paddle applied to your bare backside," Kol threatened. Kai paled, he wasn't expecting this.  "Ah, Uncle Kol, I said I was sorry to Rachael. Come on, I don't need to get spanked over this. Please, reconsider," Kai begged.  "Do you want it from me or Freya?" Kol asked pointedly. Kai flushed hotly, "Neither. I'm too old. I didn't think you guys would do something like this!"  "Either way your butt is getting smacked until you learn how to speak with some respect to people. Go get ready for bed, brush your teeth, and put on your pajamas. After I heat up your arse for you, you're going right to bed," Kol promised.  Kai looked at the paddle again and closed the drawer and went upstairs.   Freya came out of the bedroom, Keelin was staying over.  "Thank you, Kol. Physically, he's stronger than me, I don't want to use magic on him because he could siphon it. He's human and I don't want to hurt him, so I'd have to bare him. I just feel like it wouldn't be appropriate for me to do it. I owe you," Freya promised.  "Nonsense, Sister. I paddled Tyler that one time when Nik was in New Orleans remember? When he lied to us and passed out at his old property? So I've done this before...," Kol said steering himself.  "Yes, but you were so much closer to Tyler. I just feel like too much has been getting let go with Kai. I'll go see Rachael and then say goodnight to Kai, okay?" Freya said with tears in her eyes.  "I won't be too hard on him. Like you said, he's human. And actually, I feel like we kind of bonding a bit. The lad and me. He knows he's been pushing it, too. I think he feels awful about the party. I'll give him a few good smacks and talk to him. He'll be okay," Kol said gripping her hand. Freya nodded. She hated how she felt like a failure at parenting already. They hadn't even really started training the siphons and it seemed like they had so many issues already. Is this what the teenage years were always going to be like?  Kai left the door open for Kol, after all it was still his bedroom.  Kol shut the door and couldn't help check out the room. "It wouldn't hurt to clean this place up. If I get bugs in here, a spanking will be the least of your worries," Kol warned with a slight smile.  "I'll clean tomorrow. Sorry," Kai said nervously.  Kol said on the bed and said, "I think we talked a whole lot about everything so why don't you tell me why you're about to go over my lap?"  Kai cringed, "For calling my sister a ...cunt and a twat...I didn't mean it."  "You're lucky you're not getting your mouth washed out with soap. Now, I'm going to give you a warm up over your pajama pants, then pants down for a few hard ones with my hand. Listen, I know it's embarrassing, but I need to see what I am doing so I don't hurt you. With my vampire strength, I could easily bruise you. The last thing we would ever one to do is hurt one of you or abuse you, alright?" Kol said seriously.  Kai nodded, he felt sick and scared. He was relieved he could at least keep his pants up at first. Kol pulled him over his lap and let Kai's upper body rest on the bed. Kai felt him tap his rear a few times before the first firm swats came down.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Kai was relieved that the smacks were manageable. The last spanking he got in prison world from Lily had been a much more violent affair. He had answered her back when she asked him to do something. She had made Beau, the gentle mute, hold him down when she paddled him with her heavy wooden hairbrush. It had hurt and left oval marks on him for days afterward. But Kol didn't seem angry or out of control. After roughly thirty or so smacks over his pajama pants, Kai did start to feel himself squirming and kicking out slightly. His backside was starting to feel warm and he began to shift a little.  Kol said, "It's okay, lad. Just a little more."  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Kol didn't increase the speed or intensity, but just kept swatting down all over in a random pattern. When Kai was unable to stay still, he stopped.  "Alright, let's get these trousers down. Almost over," Kol informed him. Kol stood up Kai between his legs, clamping him in place for a moment. Kai's hands shot to his now hot behind.  "None of that yet. Move your hands, mate," Kol spoke gently. His kind tone made Kai obey him and tear up as he thought of the angry ranting he heard from Lily as she pounded him with her hairbrush.  "Sorry," Kai whispered.  Kol grabbed his waistband and dragged down his pants and boxers to his knees. Kai's tshirt gave him a sense of modesty until he was upended again over Kol's lap. This time Kai feel his whole form lifted on the bed. Kol shifted him and gave him a moment to breath.  "If it makes you feel better, I've been in this position probably more than anyone in history. I think ten good ones will be enough for you to learn your lesson, eh?" Kol reasoned.  Whack! Kol smacked down hard across both of Kai's cheeks and paused as a red handprint bloomed.  Kai sucked in his breath and clenched his cheeks tightly.  "Relax, nine more," Kol said rubbing his back a second.  Crack! Crack! Kol swatted Kai's right cheek in the center hard and then the left.  Kai heard himself groan and kicked out his feet.  Smack! Another one in the center of Kai's backside on the same spot as earlier especially seemed to smart.  "Ouch! That hurts," Kai cried trying to twist out of position and protect his backside with his right hand.  Kol pinned Kai's hand carefully to his back and swatted him twice across both cheeks. Whack! Whack! Kol swatted a little lower under the crease of Kai's backside. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Kol finished with the last four firm smacks with two on both cheeks. Kai's eyes were squeezed tightly shut. Some tears were escaping, but he wasn't crying. Kai's backside was red in spots, pink in others. Kol whispered, "That's all. All over. Lift up."  Kol helped him pulled up his pants and then stand up. Kai rubbed a little, but though his backside was smarting, it wasn't a severe pain. Just an intense heat that was already fading.  "I'm sorry. I know I can be an ass," Kai smiled, now wiping at his eyes slightly.  "Hey, all forgiven, Kai. You said something you shouldn't have, it's over now. Just don't do it again. I know you said you apologized to your sister. She can be tough, too. Remember, you just got here. There will be an adjustment. But let's not do this again, huh?" Kol suggested. He stood and hugged Kai and murmured to him.  "Okay, in bed now," Kol said pulling the covers down.  Kai got in the bed on his stomach and Kol sat on the edge of the bed. "The last time I got, I mean, the last time Lily beat me, she used her oval hairbrush on me. It hurt so bad. I made her mad and my butt was bruised for days. I swore that would be the last time I'd ever get it, but here I am," Kai mused. Kol patted his back through the covers.  "I'm sorry, lad. I guess that's the issue with us old vampires with our old fashioned methods. I swear no one would ever hurt you like that here," Kol vowed.  "I think Lily even felt bad, she put a pillow on my chair and made my favorite foods. I guess it was her way of apologizing. Truth be told, she always warned me plenty before actually punishing me. But she talked old fashioned and dressed like it, I mean it was a 1903 prison world, so it seemed almost normal for that stuff to happen. But you guys seem so modern. I guess I thought I was too old for this and or really to get in trouble at all," Kai admitted.  "Oh, you're never too old around here, believe me," Kol smirked.  "You mean, you'd get it too? Even at your age?" Kai laughed. Another funny thing to Kai is that they almost looked the same age, yet Kol was 1000 years older. It was hard to process.  "Do not cross Freya! She may look sweet and gentle, but that spoon..., Look, just take my word for it," Kol retorted.  "I will. I guess I'd rather get spanked than locked in a room again. That was worse that anything that happened to me in the prison world," Kai reported.  "I'm sure. Go to sleep now. It's been a long day," Kol said. He bent and brushed back Kai's hair.  "Night, Uncle Kol," Kai said sleepily.  "Love you," Kol whispered, but the boy was already asleep. 
  
    Chapter Text
    “The young always have the same problem - how to rebel and conform at the same time. They have now solved this by defying their parents and copying one another.”                                                                                                                                                                       ― Quentin CrispSunday, January 7, 20117:30 am Freya never did make it up to Kai's room the night before.  "Shit, did I pass out last night?" Freya asked Keelin as they woke up early. "Yes, beautiful, you did. You know, eventually," Keelin smiled, rolling over. Freya couldn't help smiling and reaching out to touch her hair. It fell down over Keelin's brown eyes in curly ringlets. Freya wanted to wake up like this everyday. Penny didn't need her as much and with Keelin here, Freya had not had any nightmares of her past, just dreams for the future.  "I meant to check on Kai. Keelin, I know those kids need me, but I'm not sure I'm cut out for this," Freya remarked.  "Hey, stop it right there, mama! That's your fear talking. If you didn't doubt, you wouldn't be a mother. Like you said, those kids need you. And Freya, if you will allow me, those girls especially are testing the hell out of you. Maybe it's the red hair, but that Rachael last night and her little temper. I had to bite my tongue not to give her a piece of my mind," Keelin laughed.  Freya groaned, "I know. I'm trying so hard to be patient with them and not flip out and just lose it. Klaus did the same damn thing with Penny until he finally snapped when she told me to shut up." "That's the day I met you all at the clinic. How come I feel like I've known you forever? I can't imagine not knowing you. Freya, I've never felt like this before. I don't want to leave you," Keelin said in a low voice.  "Then, don't. Move in here. We could even move to the guest house. Maybe that would be good for the kids to have our own place? I could talk to my brothers," Freya said with excitement.  "But people will say it's too soon, 'they just met,'" Keelin countered.  "Since when do we care what other people think?" Freya asked coyly.  "Never. I hate to take you away from your family. I feel like this is your kitchen and your garden is right outside. Didn't you say your brothers were meeting with the architects today? And there was a fourth floor completely empty? What if we made that our own? I hardly have anything since I was never at my place since med school," Keelin added.  "The fourth floor? It's huge up there. There's a chance Tyler and Caroline might be moving up there too with their twins. How do you feel about crying babies?" Freya grinned.  "Actually, this room is nice. I mean you can't beat this bathroom and your lab is right downstairs. Like I said, my furniture is rented. I wouldn't have much to move in," Keelin admitted.  "I feel like I could do this with you here. Kol is helping with the kids, not just magic, but a lot more. I'm not saying it would be forever, but Keelin, would you move in with me?" Freya proposed.  "Freya Mikaelson, you got it. But I swear, I'll hang back from the kids until we all settle in. I don't want to come off as the wicked step mother," Keelin promised.  "Wicked? You are a little wicked when you do that thing...," Freya laughed.  Keelin grumbled, "I think the troops are up. People are in the kitchen..." "Coffee time," Freya offered.  "Have you seen my pants? They have to be here somewhere. I think I will take a long bath first, though. Damn, that bathtub is amazing. Next time, you can join me?" Keelin said looking for her pants.  Freya kissed her and went out to see if her brothers were up.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Klaus and Elijah were both nursing mugs of blood.  "Rough night, Brothers?" Freya smiled.  "Looks like we're not the only one, Sister," Elijah retorted slyly.  "Um, how would you both feel about Keelin moving in?" Freya asked getting the coffee pot ready.  "Really, that's wonderful, Freya!" Klaus exclaimed.  "Terrific. Is Niklaus actually a successful matchmaker for once? This is astounding news. It would be lovely," Elijah said.  "You don't think it's too soon?" Freya whispered.  Both shook their heads no.  "Plus, Sister, I think you have your hands full with the three siphons," Elijah said seriously.  "Oh, I am sorry about Rachael last night. I admit I am in over my head. I really have never even been around so-called normal teens that much. With me, Dahlia was terrified that I would level another village or cause an earthquake. I suppose I just was hoping that getting into a routine would help the kids adjust," Freya said getting out some pans.  "Dana and Penny are so close, I do feel that Rachael just feels left out," Klaus mentioned finishing his mug of blood. Sometimes he did miss drinking from the servants, but since they had none, blood bags had to suffice.  "But Kai with that language! That was uncalled for. Kol was going to 'deal with that' last night," Freya mentioned as she got eggs and other ingredients out of the refrigerator.  "Our Kol?" Elijah said in surprise. Freya had never shied away from discipling anyone even him and Klaus recently.  "Yes, I asked him to, ...Kai is 16 and strong. If he resisted me, I couldn't stop him. And if I used magic, he could siphon it, and with him being human...I just didn't feel like it would be right," Freya said.  "Oh Freya, is that really the reason? I'll be honest, I've never seen you so fretful, luv. What can we do to help?" Klaus said going over to her and putting his hands on her shoulders.  "You've done everything already. Maybe I am being silly? I just don't want to screw this up," Freya said putting her hands over Klaus'.  Klaus put his arm around her, "You won't. Freya Mikaelson can do anything she puts her mind to. She is good, she is strong, and she is wise. You got this, girl, as they say."  Freya noted giggling, "You guys make this all look easy sometimes." Elijah smirked, "You should have seen us in 1820 with Marcellus. Plus, Rebekah was furious with Niklaus for tossing her lover to his death. Kol was in a snit over this human child who took his place.  It was pretty much chaos for what? A century."  Klaus grinned, "I was so afraid he would shatter into a thousand pieces. I wanted everything to be good for him. And yes, I'll admit it, Elijah, just this once, that I spoiled him rotten and wouldn't let anyone discipline him until he became a holy terror! Now look, he has his own holy terror to deal with!"  "Hey, watch it. Davina is in my coven. Us witches have to stick together. Speaking of, any word on the rogue siphons?" Freya deflected, now frying eggs.  "No, they're here, though. I just know it. We just need to find out what they want. Nothing good, I suspect," Klaus predicted.  Elijah added, "Freya, I know you might not want to talk about it again, but you are fully capable of taking these children in hand, if not to get them safe, but to give them limits and forge a bond with them. If you fear they will resent you for clamping down on their behavior, it could happen, but I feel like the children only truly resented us, when we were angry, unfair, or too harsh with them. I don't see you lashing out like that," Elijah said turning as he heard voices from the other room. "Daddy, Finn hit me!" Henrik roared coming in from the great room.  Finn was hot on his tail, "He said I sucked at Legos!"  "Ah, for two boys who want to have a sleepover this weekend, we're doing a lot of fighting. And I better not hear that kind of language anymore. Now go sit at the table, it's time to eat," Elijah said evenly.  "But-!" Finn interjected.  "I'm not hungry," Henrik groaned.  "One," Elijah announced calmly.  "But it's not,-" Finn repeated.  "Two," Elijah continued. Both scrambled to sit at the table. "Thank you for cooperating. Now how about some eggs today?" Elijah asked.  "No, I hate eggs. I want my cereal," Finn cried.  "How do you know you dislike something you refuse to try? I'm going to allow you to repeat that politely. I fear someone may need to go back to bed," Elijah mused.  "NO! I mean, Dad, can I please have my cereal?" Finn repeated.  "Cereal, please. No milk," Henrik added quickly. Elijah fixed their cereal and got them some fruit.  Klaus whispered to Freya, "What happens at three?"  Freya replied, "I have no idea. I think he's making this up as he goes."  The boys' picky eating had only seemed to grow worse these last few months. The pediatrician had suggested they don't force the children to eat foods they don't like, but offer new foods. She had said not to get into a power struggle over it, but Elijah was frustrated that Finn, especially, wouldn't even try new foods.  Soon, Keelin came out, then Erik, Connor, and the dog came down. Henrik jumped up to follow Sadie outside.  "Whoa, where do you think you're going, young man?" Elijah snapped.  Henrik stopped in his tracks. "I want to go out with Sadie!"  "Henrik, sit back down. You need to finish eating and you have no coat on. You can't go outside in your pajamas. It's too cold. Shoes also help," Elijah reminded him.  "I forgot," Henrik said sitting back down looking glum.  "It's okay, buddy. You can go get dressed and they you can go out and play after you eat a little something," Elijah promised.  "So stupid," Finn muttered under his breath.  "Daddy! He called me,-" Henrik wailed.  "I heard him. Finn, that was uncalled for. I don't know what has gotten into you, but you can apologize or go up to your room," Elijah demanded.  "Sorry," Finn said shortly.  "Finn, look at me. You are not being very nice. Now, tell Henrik you are sorry like you mean it," Elijah said a little sterner.  "But he is stupid! He just tried to go outside without his clothes on during breakfast. Why do I get in trouble for that?" Finn exploded.  Henrik started crying and Elijah was about to snap. The architects were coming at 9am. Maybe he needed to see if they could arrange separate bedrooms for these two? "I suppose you are both finished. Come on, let's put our bowls in the sink. Spoons, too please," Elijah directed.  "Daddy, where are we going?" Finn asked nervously.  Finn tried again to defend his actions and glared at Henrik, which only made him cry harder.  "Come on, it's time to get dressed. Finn, we'll talk in a moment," Elijah promised. "To your room," Elijah said taking still crying Henrik by the hand. They walked upstairs with only the sound of Henrik sobbing. Vanessa was on her way down.  "What happened?" Vanessa exclaimed. "Nothing, my dear. We're just going to get dressed and have a little talk. Henrik wants to go play outside then. Finn will be in their room," Elijah explained. "No! I'm not getting in trouble because of him again! Dad!" Finn whined.  "Come, let's get you guys dressed," Elijah stated.  Henrik finally stopped crying and let Elijah pick out clothes for him. Finn got his own clothes and changed into them. Elijah had him blow his nose and comb his hair. Elijah hugged Henrik, "You're okay, Son. Now, go get your jacket. Ask Vanessa or an adult before you go outside."  Elijah turned to Finn, "I don't know if you know but the architects for the house are coming by in a few minutes. We're going to be talking about those big changes, like a pool and some other things. I want you to be honest with me. Do you want to have your own bedroom, apart from Henrik?"  Finn was surprised. He sometimes wanted to be away from Henrik, but at night, he got scared and didn't want to be alone. The house was so big that it frightened him.  "Sometimes he gets on my nerves, but I don't want to be by myself," Finn admitted.  "Alright. You know that might change as you get older and that's okay, but we'll keep you two in the same room. I'm going to tell you the truth, though, if you keep treating your brother the way you do, he might not want to stay with you," Elijah shared.  Finn never considered that. Henrik followed him and always wanted to do what he did, he couldn't imagine him going off on his own.  "I think you know what you need to say to Henrik. Finn, I really don't want to hear you call him stupid or hit him when he frustrates you. I don't want to take the sleepover away, but I am concerned that you will misbehave like this when your friends are here," Elijah finished.  "No, Dad, I won't. I'll be good. I swear, please. I'll tell Henrik I'm sorry and I'll mean it," Finn swore. He was wearing basketball shorts like the older boys wore and a t-shirt. Elijah could tell he was getting taller. He was losing some of the roundness around his face. "Okay, I believe you. You're getting older and I'm really proud of you. You guys are both doing well at school, making friends, and growing up fast. But you still have to treat people with respect. The next time I have to remind you, you are going to spend the day in your room," Elijah cautioned.  "The whole day?" Finn gasped.  "Okay, probably not the whole day, but for a bit. Oh Finn, remember, if you need some time away from Henrik, that's okay. You don't have to constantly be with him," Elijah offered. He knew Finn was sometimes his own worst enemy. He wanted to be alone, but was afraid to at the same time. "I know. Can I go play now?" Finn asked eagerly.  "Sure. Just put on a jacket," Elijah said hugging him tightly. A part of Elijah wanted to ask Finn if he remembered when he was Finn's little brother, but he knew Finn had forgotten almost all of it, if not all now. Had he followed Finn like Henrik did? He didn't recall if he did, but he remembered Niklaus following him. How could a thousand years ago seem like yesterday? Elijah was grateful for his sons, though they were not always easy to manage. Sometimes the constant questions and chatter got to him more than he wanted to admit, but he did love them wholeheartedly. Elijah heard the doorbell ring and went downstairs to meet the architects. Elijah's mind jumped from Finn to how he was going to pay for these new improvements to the property.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^10 amFreya was surprised the girls had all slept in so long. She tapped on the door to their room before opening it.  "Oh, you're awake," Freya smiled. The three girls were sitting in bed all sipping on a blood bag watching tv. They had moved the tv to the foot of the bed from the couch area.  "Nice set-up," Freya commented. She kissed Penny on the head as she sat beside her.  "Hi Aunt Freya, we're having a girls' morning," Penny quipped proudly.  "You are? Nice. After you drink that, make sure you brush your teeth, then your hair, and get dressed. Did you take a bath last night?" Freya asked.  "No, I was too tired," Penny said. "Maybe do that first then," Freya suggested, "You need help?"  "I can help her," Dana offered.  "Thanks, Dana," Freya said. She could tell Dana from Rachael only by the expression on their faces. Dana always looked more calm. Rachael looked a little more edgy and defiant. Their red hair was the same shoulder length and they both tended to put it back in a pony tail.  Rachael was still under the covers. "Can we talk, honey?" Freya asked after Dana and Penny went to the bathroom.  "I guess this is where you yell at me for being a bitch last night after I already got 'talked to'," Rachael predicted.  "I'm not going to yell at you and you're not a bitch. I just want to check in and see that you are okay. Dinner last night got a little...tense," Freya said diplomatically. "Ya think?" Rachael snarled.  "I used to act out too when I was your age," Freya shared.  "What did you do?" Rachael asked. She was kind of into the stories from the family members. They really had some wild pasts.  "Once, I leveled a village. Um, once I caused an earthquake when my aunt wouldn't let me go outside. Once I ran away and almost got burned at the stake. My magic was so powerful, I couldn't always control it. My aunt made me her slave, but at times, she couldn't control me," Freya recalled.  "Did she try?" Rachael pressed.  "Yes, you know how you broke my spell? I did that to her many times, until she did a spell so powerful that I couldn't. She spelled us both to immortality, but doomed us to only live a year every century. It was torture," Freya verified.  "I can't imagine," Rachael said.  "Yeah, each time I would start to live again, I'd fall asleep and then wake up 100 years later into another new world. I don't want that life for you. I want you, Dana, and your brother to be proactive. I always wondered if I had fought Dahlia harder, maybe tried a new spell or resisted her magic if I could have fought her off sooner," Freya wondered.  "Why are you telling me this now?" Rachael asked plainly.  "Is all your acting out just frustration with your inability to cast a spell or not being able to control your own life? When I can't practice, I know it makes me anxious and irritated. Maybe instead of smacking you yesterday, I probably should have asked you if you wanted to take off the bracelet?" Freya suggested.  "Take it off? Honestly, I'm a little afraid to take it off. There is so much magic around here I just don't think I'm ready, if that's okay. I really don't even know all that many spells. Kai and Kol talked to me after dinner last night. We're all cool. Connor thanked me for pulling him away from that kid he was feeding from. Honestly, Dana and Penny have been nicer to me. I feel okay," Rachael admitted.  Freya exhaled, "I'm so glad. But really, if you're upset, you can come and we'll talk about it. But if you act like that again, I promise you that you're really going to get it. I mean it, consider yourself out of extra chances. So be good, please."  "I will," Rachael agreed. She knew she was getting off easy and Rachael vowed to not screw it up.  "Good, I'm going to go check on Kai. The architects are downstairs, but I can make you girls something to eat if you're hungry," Freya offered.  Rachael declined. Freya took her leave and knocked on Kai's door. He was awake on his phone.  "Hey, morning. You guys all kind of slept through breakfast," Freya mentioned.  "Oh sorry, I didn't know there was a breakfast," Kai revealed.  "Yeah, usually Elijah makes a big breakfast on weekends, but we thought we would let all of you sleep. So Kol wasn't too hard on you?" Freya asked cautiously. "No, but I don't want to repeat that experience," Kai laughed uncomfortably.  "Oh Kai, I really felt like you deserved some consequences for saying that to your sister. I know people nowadays restrict children to their rooms or houses, but I thought with your past, it was best just to do something quick and be done with it. I apologize, though, for not talking to you before," Freya reported.  "It's okay. I didn't like getting my butt beat, but I'd take that over being locked in a room over and over again," Kai smiled.  "I'd never lock you anywhere, okay? You know that, right? And I think we need to sit down and have a bit of a family meeting. We can talk about getting this room situation sorted and making sure you guys have everything you need. We can plan to do something fun also. Maybe go out, do something, whatever you kids want to do," Freya promised.  "Really? That would be great," Kai added.  "I'm happy you're here, Kai. Kol said he was going to take you to get your hair cut later?" Freya asked. She smiled and ran her hand through his head gently. He was such a good looking boy. She wondered if she should have Klaus give him a sex talk and throw some condoms in a drawer. After all, this boy was no vampire. "Yes, he said we could go driving...But I think I need to clean up this room first. When he came in to, um, punish me last night, he was afraid he'd get bugs in here," Kol admitted.  "Oh, it's not that bad. He's almost as fussy as Elijah, he just hides it better. Would you like a bedroom with the other boys?" Freya asked. "Yeah, they seem to have a lot of fun. I never really had video games or those iPads and I don't know the music now. I guess I have a lot of catching up to do," Kai shared.  "What about schoolwork? Did you have any education in prison world or when your parents locked you away?" Freya wondered.  "Yes, I had lessons in both. I also did a lot of reading so in some thing I may be ahead. I'm sure in math and science, I'm years behind," Kai stated.  "Matt sees a tutor. We can set you up for an evaluation to get you caught up more. If you need anything else, Kol will take you shopping for that today, too," Freya directed.  "Thank you. I could get used to this kind of treatment," Kai quipped.  "Good, because you deserve the best, Kai," Freya said with authority.  Kai had no reply and felt himself flooded with emotion. It had been a long time since he had been treated with open arms.  "I-I appreciate that," Kai spluttered.  "Get dressed and come down when you are ready. I'm going to go see if they need me with the architects. I doubt it, but they are going to build me a greenhouse, so I'm excited about that," Freya admitted.  "Nice. I heard you make quite the collection of salves," Kai grinned, recovering his sense of humor.  "You best hope you never need one. I think they have been making quite the impression on humans and supernaturals," Freya laughed.  "You should sell them. The supernaturals might be better behaved, especially the vampires, like my mouthy twin sisters," Kai mused. "You know, that's not the worse idea I've even heard. 'Freya's Magical Salves'...Nah, not catchy enough. Keep thinking and I'll make you my business manager," Freya suggested. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Sunday, January 7, 2011 After the architects left, Klaus and Elijah called everyone in for a family meeting.  "So, the architects just left and we have some plans that we would like to share," Klaus smiled.  "The indoor/outdoor pool is a go, there will be a waterslide, diving board, jacuzzi area, sauna, and small pool house," Elijah started as the kids cheered.  "Freya, your greenhouse will be near your current greenhouse. It will be automated and have an irrigation system second to none. I think you will be pleased," Klaus shared.  "Thank you. This means more herbs, more salve. Kai and I were just discussing a business plan for my new salve. Watch out, world," Freya added. Some of the older kids groaned and Tyler threw a used napkin at Kai.  "Gross," Kai laughed. He was starting to feel more at home each day.  "Some of you are wondering about the bedroom situation. Let me lay it out and then you all can give us your input. So, the new 4th floor will be divided into a bedroom for all of you boys: Tyler, Matt, Jeremy, Connor, Erik, and Kai. There will be a divider wall so you can make it two separate rooms if you choose or one large one. All of your devices and game systems will be houses in the new game room and movie theater. We'll also more the weight and work out room up there. Kol has agreed to move up there to a new, much grander suite, where he will can also supervise," Klaus announced.  "That means I'm in charge up there, lads. No shenanigans, unless I'm involved, or ya know what I'll do with your disobedient hides," Kol joked. "You don't need to tell me twice," Kai muttered under his breath.  "Vampire hearing!" Erik prodded him.  Kai flushed, "Oh yeah." Everyone laughed. Rachael rolled her eyes and looked at Dana. It was clear that that family was quickly accepting Kai as a member. With his quick wit, charm, and good looks, she supposed it was inevitable, but she was a little envious all the same.  "What about us, Daddy? Do we have to live in the basement?" Penny scoffed.  "No, Miss Penelope, you do not have to live in the basement. The architects are going to turn the game room into a new, more appropriate bedroom, for you. The twins and you can stay in there. Or one of you can move in with Davina. Both rooms are large enough. I know you enjoyed the rotating shoe closet so that will be a feature of the closet. We will also add a laundry room to each floor. That will be expensive, but it will save Uncle Elijah from having a nervous breakdown at some point," Klaus shared.  "Thank you! None of you have any idea the amount of laundry that goes through this house. Now, you can all start doing your own!" Elijah smirked happily.  "We will turn Kol's current room into a guest room and Matt and Jeremy's room into a possible nursery. Tyler, if you and Caroline want, you can either take the guesthouse or your current room on the second floor. Uncle Elijah and Vanessa are going to take over the girls' current room. Henrik and Finn can come their room. In time, they can move up to the 4th floor as there is still room up there. Our art studio will stay on the 3rd floor. Aunt Freya has an announcement, I believe," Klaus shared.  "Ah, yes. So Keelin has agreed to move in. I'd like to keep my current room as a work room, rest area from when you all have me slaving away in the kitchen and we'll stay in Elijah and Vanessa's old room," Freya shared.  "Is this all so you can get the chili recipe? If so, go Aunt Freya! It's worth it!" Matt shouted out.  "No, stop it.  Keelin is really excited to be moving in. She's far from her family and being a doctor at the clinic has crazy hours so I'm not sure how much she'll be around. But please know that she thinks the world of all of you and...we're just really happy," Freya gushed with a slight blush to her cheeks.  Elijah and Vanessa whispered to each other. "Sister, Vanessa and I would like you and Keelin to just take the girls' bedroom. We are fine where we are and we are probably closer to the boy's room," Elijah stated.  "Really? Are you sure, Elijah? That's very generous of you," Freya conceded.  "It would be our pleasure," Vanessa added.  "So, what you you kids think?" Klaus asked looking around.  "Could us girls all share one room if we wanted to put our stuff in Davina's room, like as a big closet?" Rachael asked.  "We could just have own sets of bunk beds, right girls?" Dana added.  Penny clapped, "Then, it would be four girls and NO boys even allowed!"  Finn sneered, "Dad! That's not fair. She comes in our room." Henrik pipes up, "Yeah!"  Dana reassured him, "It's okay. We'll let nice boys in. Just no whiners."   "And can we get all those game systems? Why do they get like three tvs?" Penny pressed.  "Penny, we brought stuff from our old houses," Jeremy informed her.  Tyler thought, "We could probably give you an Xbox or something. But only if you let us come up and play sometimes."  Penny thought, "Yeah, okay. But only if you ask first. Sometimes you guys smell like old socks."  "We smell?" Connor laughed, "Girl, all that perfume you coat yourself in...half the time you smell like a French...never mind. Dad, I ain't saying nothing everybody ain't thought."  "Connor, I'm not addressing that-ever. So this will be a few months in the making and it will be quite hectic. They will be doing a lot of construction, but children most of it while you are at school. While we are all here and behaving so nicely, we wanted to clear up a few things," Klaus started  Freya continued, "Yes, from now on. We expect all of you to ride the bus to or from school. If you have an activity or something you must clear it with us first. I'm sorry, but the frantic days of calling for permission needs to end unless it is an emergency. Same with permission slips and forms, we ask you all every night what is going on. From now on, you get home from school and give us all the paperwork and things we need to look at." Elijah added, "I hate to be a nag, but I will be one, once again. You come in from the bus and remove your shoes at the door. Where do your jackets, coats, and backpacks go?" "Coats in closet and bags in our rooms. We know this," Jeremy groaned.  "Yes, Jeremy, watch the tone please. You know it, but often fail to do it because you don't feel like it. We have too many children here for all of you to be throwing your things around. Lunch boxes and bags go in the kitchen. School clothes go in the hampers," Elijah reminded them.  "Tyler, are you paying attention?" Klaus scolded.  "Not really," Tyler laughed.  Matt smirked, "Dad, he never pays attention to these rule talks-ever!" "Well, I think you ought to because every violation is now going to be a strike. Three strikes and need I remind you what I am going to do?" Klaus asked pointedly.  "No, sir," Tyler said straightening up and sighing.  "What happens, Uncle Klaus?" Henrik asked in a scared voice.  "Oh sweetheart, I think it's a bit different for you, but if you are naughty three times...," Klaus started, looking at Elijah.  "You'll go to your room and no tv or ipad that night," Elijah announced. "Not me, too?" Penny said horrified. She needed her iPad for her games. If she couldn't play, then they would be all messed up. This wasn't fair. "Yes, luv. You can start doing your part around here. You're old enough. Now, Finn, Henrik, and Penny, why don't you run along while we talk to the older kids," Klaus suggested.  Elijah stood, "We'll take them. Come, my dear." Vanessa took Elijah's hand. Kol told Kai to come find him when they were done and he'd take him to get his hair cut. Freya looked at Klaus and Kol, "As Niklaus said, there are now eight of you. Nine teenagers when Davina is here. With all of us living here, we really need you all to step it up. If you take something out, put it back. If you make a mess, clean it up. Guys, I love all of you, dearly. But when I come out in the kitchen and see the wrappers and cups all over the counter, it makes me crazy. We have a dishwasher and a garbage can, use them. If I catch you not cleaning up, that's a strike. Three strikes and I'm sorry, but you are getting the paddle," Freya said with resolve.  Kai's eyes widened in surprise, "Paddled? Really? For leaving a wrapper out?"  "No, Kai, not for one time, or twice. But if you do it three times and cannot get it through your head that you have responsibilities and a civil duty to the rest of us, then yes. We have 13 people now living here and at times three more. That is 16 people. If everyone makes a mess, it becomes untenable. Believe me, this is a last resort. Children, look me in the eye and tell me that you haven't blown off every rule we have about cleaning or doing your chores period," Klaus said looking at them. Even Connor and Erik, who used to be pretty good about that kind of thing looked guilty. Matt nodded. "Dad, you're totally right. You've given us everything we could possibly want and hardly anything to do chore wise. I don't think you're being unfair at all. Guys, seriously, this isn't something to complain about."  "Dude, I'm not complaining. It's just we get busy, too. Forget sh-stuff... I mean,..." Tyler drifted off. "Fine, you're right."  "But I am adding one new caveat, the three strikes are going to be for the week. I'm going to mark them down in this little notebook. I vowed to do this when I tripped over someone's backpack again on Friday," Klaus mentioned.  "Whoa, so we get three strikes in the school week and that's it. We basically get our asses, I mean, -butts beat," Jeremy clarified.  "Indeed, I'm sorry I really wish we didn't have to resort to swatting you to get your attention, but we do. And cursing is going to be one strike each. I've tried grounding you, taking your phones, and keeping you from the electronics and all of those things just cause more trouble. You get angry, sullen, argumentative, and defiant. So we'll go with what works. You don't want to be reprimanded, do as we ask and you will be fine," Klaus clarified.  "This doesn't go for us, too, right?" Rachael spat standing in defiance, her hands on her hips.  "It most certainly does, young lady. And you can have a seat," Freya directed. Dana reached up and pulled her twin down to her seat with a pressing look.  "Oh, and bedtime is still 10pm. That means you are in the bed at 10pm properly dressed for bed. And that's not a strike, but a real spanking if I catch you anywhere other than the bathroom or your bed," Klaus reminded them.  "In bed at 10pm? Or we get...Really?" Kai gasped. He was horrified. He couldn't imagine getting it again for something so small, but he had to admit that he feel into a deep and dreamless sleep last night after Kol had smacked him. His face reddened at the thought of it happening again.  "Yes, Kai. You need to be up early for school. We make sure that everyone eats, looks presentable, has a lunch or lunch money, has all their school work and is ready to go. And again, we hate to be so rigid about this but when we weren't, you guys were up half the night," Freya specified.   Matt and Tyler looked at each other and tried to prompt the other to ask. "Boys, I know what you want to ask. When can you drive again, right?" Klaus shared. "I really don't know. I know that Friday's incident was isolated and the Thursday speeding thing was also not your usual behavior. I do trust you all, but give me a little time to think about it, okay?"  Matt agreed. Tyler spoke for them. "Okay, we won't ask again." Klaus smiled sadly, "Thank you. You know, this isn't easy for us either. I know how much you liked driving and having some freedom. However, I hate to bring this up, but we have some safety concerns. We don't know where the siphon vampires from Kai's prison world are exactly right now. They could be close."  "If any of them approach you, we need you to contact us right away. Do you all understand? Do not engage? Kai, they could try to kidnap you or worse? No revenge, let us deal with it. Girls, I don't want you to siphon from yourselves. Call one of us or get Alaric from school and we will be there fast. Can we trust you on this?" Freya pressed.  "Yeah, you know, some of us can take care of ourselves?" Dana said in a mockingly sweet voice.  "Dana, I know you have been through a lot, but the point is that you don't have to take of yourself anymore. Let us help you," Klaus pleaded.  "Or else? Right?" Dana pushed.  "Dana, Freya and my siblings and I were born a thousand years ago. Forgive us for being a tad behind the times. We will protect you and give you all the advantages, but we do also want to help guide you into becoming decent adults. It's also a little more imperative that we are strict with the number of children here and your supernatural needs. If you feel like we are being unfair to you, you can talk to us privately and air your concerns," Klaus offered.  "Niklaus, maybe I better have a word with these three in the kitchen? Thank you, Brother," Freya said smiling.  "Also, remember homework right after you have something to eat or some blood when you get home. No excuses. That's all. Boys, you are dismissed. Thank you," Klaus said grandly.  "Dad, can I go get my hair cut with Kol and Kai?" Connor asked politely.  "Of course, Son. Do you need money?" Klaus said pulling out his wallet.  Connor would never get used to someone taking care of him like this.  "No, sir. I have money, thanks," Connor replied. Klaus shoved a hundred dollar bill into his hand like it was a dollar. "Hey Connor, have you talked to Penny recently?" Klaus asked quietly.  "No, Dad. About what?" Connor inquired.  "She wanted Camille to adopt her, to be her mother, when we marry. How would you feel about that?" Klaus wondered.  "Wow! I'm surprised. I mean, Cami's been real nice. She's always trying to get me to talk. I guess I'd like that, if she was my mama. It would take some getting used to, I reckon. Yeah, I mean, yes, sir, I think it would be a good thing," Connor finished.  "Thanks, Son. What about Erik? I know it might be a little more difficult for him. Truth be told, I'm a little apprehensive about bringing it up," Klaus admitted.  "Do you want me to talk to him?" Connor suggested.  "Only if you are comfortable with it. I don't want you boys fighting over it, alright?" Klaus said with emotion.  "It's fine, Dad. I'm real pleased Penny wants a mama. Sometimes you never know with that girl," Connor smiled.  "She's a spitfire, alright.  Okay, Son, I don't want to keep you, have fun. I love you," Klaus said hugging him goodbye. He was glad that Connor was getting out of the house with his brother and Kai. He knew that Connor liked cars and sports and talking about that kind of stuff with Kol. Klaus need to rest for a while. He felt like he had put in a full day already. Kitchen"So just get out your complaints now," Freya said as the teens sat at the island.  "I feel like we are just getting lumped in with Klaus' kids because it is convenient. It's really not fair," Dana complained.  "Dana, what's not fair. These are basic rules like clean up after yourself, don't curse, and check in so we know where you are," Freya explained.  "We have to be in the bed at 10pm or we get fucking beat? Are we four? That's literally insulting," Rachael sighed.  "Language. You can speak respectfully or not at all," Freya corrected firmly.  "I just think it's too early," Rachael explained.  "Rachael, first of all, a few smacks on your backside are not a real beating and I think you know that. Secondly, you need to get up early. Thirdly, if you don't want the spanking, follow the rules. Simple," Freya said plainly.  "I disagree," Rachael pushed.  "Disagreement noted," Freya said. "What else?" Kai opened his mouth, "I guess. Nothing. Just do what we are told and no problems, right?"  "Right, honey. How do you all feel about Keelin moving in? I never expected to find love like this and so quickly. But I know she will love all of you, like I do, and be there for you when you need her," Freya added.  "No, she's cool. Nice to have a doctor around. I actually used to want to be a doctor," Kai admitted.  "Used to? What do you mean? You always wanted to be a doctor. What happened?" Dana asked Kai.  "I'm just so behind in science that I don't know if I can catch up. It's too late for me," Kai said sadly.  "Nonsense, Kai. I told you. We'll do what it takes. If you need a different tutor or special classes, we'll get that for you, okay? The sky is the limit here...Just be in bed on time and don't like Niklaus trip over your backpack!" Freya laughed.  "Really? Wow, okay, I mean, I never imagined that I would be free again, so if possible, I'll get back on track with my studies. Thanks," Kai said sincerely.  Freya grimaced, "One more thing, it's what we call Russian Christmas...December 7th. This is the day we take down all the Christmas decorations. I promised Uncle Elijah that I'd help. So, if you guys don't have anything better to do. You can help."  All three cringed a little, but started to help. There were several trees and decorations everywhere, but they didn't have anything better to do. Elijah came in, "Thanks so much for helping. You know helpers will get a little tip. I pay $100 an hour so get cracking. Sister, would you join Niklaus and I at the mall tomorrow. We're going to order new beds and furniture for the bedrooms and we need your input." Freya loaded another box with lights, "Of course, but the last time I went shopping with Niklaus, he complained the whole time. Tell him he better be on his best behavior!"  "I will. He's used to Rebekah doing all the shopping and me doing all the paying. We'll need quite a few things I surmise. The things he bought originally didn't hold up that well," Elijah admitted.  "No problem. Kids, make a list of things you need. Kai, everything from a cell phone to socks and I'll get it tomorrow while you're at school," Freya announced.  Elijah muttered, "I might need to open up one of the credit cards." 
  
    Chapter Text
    Monday, January 8, 2011Mystic Falls High School9:30 am"Wait! So you are betting on who is the first one to get it under the new three strikes rules? Are you serious?" Kai laughed. Matt and Kai were in a study hall. There was a substitute and Matt moved his seat to sit next to his new cousin. They spoke quietly under the guise of studying.  Matt replied, "Dead serious. My money is on Tyler. He's always pushing the limits and flipping out. Connor put his money on Jeremy. Erik bet on me. Winner doesn't have to do shit for like two weeks: no cleaning, laundry, or anything upstairs. Plus, winner get the pot. Not a bad deal."  "Hmm, well, I guess I'm going to go with...Connor. I don't know. Sometimes it just seems like he's a little suck up with the 'yes, sir' crap.  Plus, he really screwed up at the party, almost sucking that co-ed dry. Yeah, my money's on Connor. How much?" Kai smirked.  "$500," Matt revealed causally.  "What? Are you outta your mind? I only have the $300 Uncle Elijah gave me yesterday. That's kind of a lot," Kai exploded.  "Not for us, baby. Since we don't have a maid or a house keeper anymore, we get a big ass allowance. I can spot you the money," Matt offered.  "Yeah, that'd be good. I don't even think I need money, though. I got $50 for lunch today and I don't really have any expenses," Kai admitted.  "Yeah, we used to tell Dad we didn't always need so much money, but he always tells us to save it. Actually, we get a lot less now that we used to, now that I think of it. I think all these new house things are adding up," Matt mentioned. He wrote down Kai's bet.  "Actually, are the girls in on this bet? Because I feel like my sister Rachael will be the first. I just felt bad betting on her. Can I change it?" Kai asked with a bit of guilt.  "Yeah, man. Huh, you really think Freya would give your sister the full treatment?" Matt asked seriously, rewriting the bet.  "The full treatment? What's that?" Kai asked with alarm. He wasn't sure he wanted to know.  "Oh, that's what we call it when our dad takes us to his room and really works us over," Matt laughed.  Kai looked sick.  Matt laughed again, "No, that sounds awful. I mean, it's bad but, oh God, it's too embarrassing to describe. Look man, before I came here, my sister had died from drugs, my mom was living in Virginia Beach with her boyfriend, my real father was MIA, and I was on my own. Like I used to wish Jeremy's family was my family. I went out with his sister, then their parents died and she dumped me...I had nothing. I would go home and eat potato chips and drink Coke and fall asleep in front of the tv."  Kai blinked a few times, "I can't imagine that. Gemini families are all pretty big. Even when I was locked in the basement, I could hear the rest of the family around me living their lives. So you came here and suddenly had a family?"  "No, I didn't just had a family, Kai, I got a father. A real one. My other one was never around much, but suddenly I had a dad who cared. Then, Uncle Elijah, Uncle Kol, Marcel, Aunt Rebekah and Aunt Freya moved in. It was like I never knew what I was missing until I came here. So when I do something stupid, make a dumb mistake, and want to give up, I don't have to, because I know my dad or someone else will take care of me. I never had that before," Matt acknowledged.  "So the full treatment?" Kai pressed.  Matt smirked, "I think you just have to experience it yourself to know. Believe me, you'll know."  "Sounds like a lot. I'm going to just avoid that at all costs. And yeah, mark down my sister Rachael for me. My $500 is on her. I'll pay you back when I win," Kai grinned. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Nordstrom's Department StoreFreya tapped her foot in annoyance. Klaus was already bitching and moaning about waiting for someone to wait on them about the bed. They were thinking they needed three set of bunk beds for the boys' room and a loft style bed and a regular bunk bed for the girls' room. They still didn't know if Davina was going to keep her single room or have someone double up. 
"What about the triple bunk bed? Isn't that still good?" Elijah asked anxiously.  "No, the boys hang off of it. We should put it down in the dungeon or junk it. I never liked that thing, it just is not sturdy enough for three regular boys, no less, three hybrids," Klaus scoffs.  "I will throw it down in the dungeon. If we capture those Heretic siphons, it may come in handy. I do hope we are planning on instructing all of the children that they are not to destroy the new furniture. They do love to jump, bounce, and throw themselves off of these damn things," Elijah complained.  "Yes, I'll warn them. I think they just liked to test their new powers and got a little out of hand. They've settled down some," Klaus defended.  Freya smiled, "Not sure about that. Connor did a backflip off the top and landed on the couch yesterday. I didn't have the heart to yell at him. It was a pretty cool move."  Elijah rolled his eyes, "That's the kind of behavior we need to clamp down on. We can't replace the furniture every five minutes."  "Did you roll your eyes at me, young man? Also, I seem to remember catching Finn and Henrik jumping on their beds several times," Freya admonished.  "I apologize, Freya. But I've warned them a hundred times about getting hurt jumping. I warned them over and over, they were done with that. They promised they were done with that several weeks ago," Elijah said snidely.  "Brother, this was two days ago," Freya cringed. She didn't want to get the younger boys in hot water, especially with their sleep over looming. Damn, she wished she would have kept her mouth shut, she thought.  "Oh. Well, that is rather unfortunate," Elijah said tightly.  "Elijah, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said it like that. Please don't be upset with them," Freya said massaging her temples.  "I'm not upset," Elijah lied. Freya and Klaus looked at each other knowingly.  "You are. Now please, don't ruin our day. I swear, if I get anymore attitude or sass our of anyone, that person is going over my knee today for a good spanking. Young or old," Freya warned.  Klaus added, "I'm being as good as gold, Freya. It's Elijah who is getting irritable and probably could use a whack or two to even him out. About the boys, just calm down about it, Brother. They are active, normal boys now, Elijah. That's the kind of stuff they do. Don't take it personally. They get caught up in the fun of it and don't think of the dangers."  "I know. Oh, here's the salesman," Elijah interrupted.  After finally ordering new beds, side tables, a book shelves, dressers, and some new couches and chairs, the trio was off to the clothes department.  "I'm glad they will be dropping those beds off soon.  Of course, everything on sale was sold out!" Elijah snapped.  "On sale? Brother, stop right here and explain what is going on," Klaus demanded.  "Things are a little tighter than usual. I've had to get creative to make ends meet. I might have gone a little overboard," Elijah admitted hotly.  "If you don't tell me what the hell is going on, I'm going to deck you," Klaus warned Elijah.  "If you do that, you be the one getting paddled, instead of doing the paddling. Do you want that?" Freya retorted.  "Freya, surely, you can't be threatening to spank me. I'm the one trying to help. Elijah is the one who needs his behind heated up," Klaus claimed. Klaus couldn't imagine she was serious. He felt like everyone was on edge today and that it wasn't going to end well. Maybe they should just hire a decorator, like Rebekah had suggested over the phone?   "Shut it, Niklaus. Or I swear I'm going pummel you right here!" Elijah roared.  "The both of you are two seconds from getting a spanking when we get home. Then, I will put you both to bed. Try explaining that to the others. Now, this is your last warning! Understand?" Freya pressed sharply. Freya waited until they said they understood in low tones. She would have liked to give them both a few swats, but there were sporadic shoppers milling about.  Freya stopped near the underwear section, "Can you pick out some things for Kai, undershirts, underwear, socks? I'm going to head over to the girls' section and get them some things. Give me five minutes."  "Fine," Elijah smiled. He went over and started going through the undershirts.  "Tell me what you did, Elijah," Klaus said.  "FINE! You really want to know...I compelled some people at the boys' school to sign over some assets. Klaus, these people are extremely wealthy. One of them is the father of the boys who are coming over for the sleepover. I'm kind of nervous to have them form a relationship in case I didn't cover my tracks as well as I usually do," Elijah said picking out briefs next. He thought these black ones were kind of sharp. He got a package of those and several of the white.  Klaus grabbed some socks, a belt, and a few pairs of sweatpants and pajamas that the boys liked to sleep in.  Elijah took the socks and got a different brand.  "Really, you are going to get the boy cheaper socks? Like that is going to bloody solve anything?" Klaus grumbled.  Elijah went up to the cashier and paid for the purchases.  "We should have the tailor come by to outfit Kai. Henrik and Finn are getting taller, they might need new suits. I could use a new suit myself," Klaus said lightly.  Elijah smiled tightly, "Watch it, Brother. I dislike it when you start to push me like this.""I dislike it when you act like you have a stick up your ass," Klaus growled.  "Watch your language. We are in public. You sometimes behave like a child yourself, Niklaus," Elijah scolded.  "Me, at least I'm not stealing money from people we bloody know. Elijah, you broke your own rules. If we need that much money. Let me sell off some of the treasure, some paintings, or hell, even one of our holdings in Europe," Klaus suggested.  "No, Brother, those are investments. How about we stop drinking $600 bottles of wine like they are going out of style?" Elijah admonished sternly.  "Elijah, I wish you would have mentioned this before. Yes, we can cut back. Why didn't you say anything?" Klaus pressed.  "Dammit, I guess I didn't want any of you to know that I was struggling to generate this income. It's just we're not bringing in what we used to, our overhead is high. The security costs of the mansion alone are extortionate," Elijah ruminated.  "So your solution is to start compelling people at our kids' private school? Elijah, what the hell were you thinking? This is the dumbest thing you have ever done. Ever!" Klaus snapped. This wasn't how they did things. It was too risky, too close to home. Freya found them and started to say that she didn't find anything she liked for the girls.   Elijah pushed Klaus up against a display rack on the wall, "I was thinking you didn't give a damn, Niklaus. When the hell did you, Rebekah, or Kol ever spend five fucking seconds worrying about money? And I did bring it up and you discounted it. You said, 'Do not worry, Elijah, you'll figure it out!'" A nearby manikin was knocked over and broke a decorative vase with a crash.  "Elijah! Stop it, there are people around," Freya hissed.  "So you behave like an irresponsible prat and it's my bloody fault. No, Elijah. This one is not on me. Take your goddamn hands off me, Brother," Klaus eyes glowed yellow.  "There he is! The Hybrid... Why don't we take this outside, Little Brother, and I'll show you just how fast I can dislodge that so-called stick up my ass and shove it down your insolent throat!" Elijah spat. "That is enough, goddamn it!" Freya said. Freya grabbed each of them by their earlobes and steered them to the deserted corner of the store where it said "Dressing Rooms."  Klaus' eyes widened, "He throws a strop like a child and you are marching both of us to the dressing rooms!"  "Yes, Freya, this isn't necessary," Elijah said in sudden alarm. His anger had dissipated as quickly as it had arisen.  Klaus cast a desperate glance at Elijah.  "Sister, we were hasty. It's over. No harm done, r-right, 'Lijah?" Klaus stammered.  A middle aged employee smiled at them and then looked at them in puzzlement.  "Compel her to tell everyone this dressing room is closed for the next hour, unless you want an audience for your licking. Then, tell her to clean up the display you two brats wrecked," Freya demanded.  Elijah exhaled, "You will tell everyone that this dressing room is closed for the next hour for repairs. You will clean up the broken display and vase. Here is some money for your trouble. You will forget you ever saw us."  The worker took the wad of cash and stuffed it in her pocket. Later, she would have no idea how it got there. The woman repeated what he said and walked off never looking back. Freya got to the dressing rooms and sealed them off with a quick boundary spell. Even Klaus and Elijah couldn't get out if they wanted to.  Freya found a large dressing room and ordered both of her younger brothers to have a seat.  "What is this about?" Freya demanded.  Elijah said, "I have been compelling people at the private school to sign over assets and cash to us and then forget about it. I'm sorry, it was stupid. I was panicking and not thinking clearly. Niklaus, forgive me."  "Elijah, you're right. I blew you off several times. This is not all on you, Brother. We'll find a solution. We'll get through this," Klaus replied.  "Elijah, we knew something was bothering you. Why didn't you confide in us before? I feel like you lied to us more than once," Freya pressed.  "I didn't want to ruin the holiday. I thought that the assets would tide us over, but it's not cutting it. We need a more permanent solution," Elijah added.  "We can deal with that later. Right now, I am going to deal with the two of you arguing and fighting like two street punks in the middle of Nordstroms," Freya informed them.  "Freya, please. You made your point. We know we were out of line. You don't have to...," Klaus begged.  "Don't make me use my magic or I will follow up with another spanking when we get home. Now, stand up and pants down. Luckily, for you both, I happen to have a spray bottle of my latest creation in my purse," Freya said digging through her large crossbody purse. She fished out a bottle of spray and a large square hair brush.  "The salve! Really?" Elijah said. Neither had made a move to obey her. "Take off your pants. Now," Freya ordered.  The brothers looked at each other and started to unbuckle their belts and unbutton their dress pants.  "Fold them. Interesting that you don't like the boys wear boxers or boxer briefs, yet you both have them on. I have an idea," Freya remarked. She was now digging through the clothing bag of purchases that Elijah just paid for.  "Here," Freya said thrusting out the package of black briefs, "I'll turn around and you two change into these. I'm going to need to bare your behinds to apply the salve, but this will give you some modestly. Though, I am not sure you deserve any after the abyssal way you both misbehaved today."  Elijah started, "You want us to put on these briefs? They are smaller than what we wear. Do we really have to?"  "Yes, I do. Now, stop stalling and do it," Freya said turning her back to give them a moment of privacy.  Without hesitating anymore, both ancient vampires stripped off their boxers and put on the snug black briefs. Though, they were both fit, Kai was still two sizes or so smaller than them. Their dress shirts covered up the briefs for now.  "Good. Klaus, please turn around and face the corner. Elijah, you are first," Freya decided.  "Freya, please. You already spanked us once before and we deserved it, but this time...We sometimes argue. I mean, we've fought much worse than this before," Elijah rambled.  "What do you tell the boys when they try to wheedle out of a punishment?" Freya asked sternly.  "Then, if they don't cooperate, they'll get another spanking. But I'm not arguing with you, I'm just pointing out a fact!" Elijah tried again. "Stop right now, before I do decide you need an appointment with my spoon before bed. I really don't know how we would explain that to Vanessa," Freya wondered.  "Okay, I'm sorry. Where do you want me?" Elijah choked. He would do anything to avoid Vanessa from finding out about his embezzlement, fighting with Klaus, and his lying about money issues.  Freya sat on the low bench and patted Elijah into place over her knee. His hands touched the carpet of the room and he had to force himself not to think about what he was touching. His feet were firmly on the floor. Freya flipped up Elijah's dress shirt to expose the black cotton briefs.  "These look a bit snug. Wow, that's really going to sting after," Freya muttered. She gathered the fabric together to bare his cheeks and picked up her spray. There was wolfsbane in this mixture, but it wouldn't affect Elijah. However, the vervain would sting a little and slow down his healing a great deal. She sprayed a generous layer over both of his exposed white cheeks and the top of his thighs. "I'm going to let that dry as you tell me your plan for making this right," Freya said patting the backs of his thighs.  "I'll go see the financial advisor and see if we can liquify some assets and downsize some at the same time. I'll tell Niklaus I'm sorry. I'll return what I can to the families at the school and I will help us work on a budget we can stick to," Elijah reasoned.  "That's a good start. Such a smart boy. Are you ready to get a spanking, young man?" Freya asked firmly now patting his rear. She smoothed out the fabric flat.  "Yes, Sister," Elijah rasped. He felt her taps on his bottom getting harder.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Freya used the flat of her hand to spank the center of his backside for five hard smacks. Freya spanked Elijah's bottom firmly in a randomly pattern for another forty smacks. Her hand was numbing and she wasn't sure he was feeling it because he was not reacting and she couldn't see through the black fabric.  "I think it is time for me to start paddling you. Good thing I had this hair brush or you'd be getting a whipping with your own belt," Freya informed him. Freya rested the light, but wide plastic brush on Elijah's behind. She rubbed a moment. Crack! Crack! Elijah felt the whacks over the tight underpants and started. He really felt that keenly! The salve must be really working. Freya keep up swatting from cheek to check until Elijah began to wiggle from the sharp blows.  For him, the spanking was not just embarrassing anymore, but now it was heating up his bottom considerably. Elijah tried to push up, but Freya's left arm pinned him. After the hard brush whacked down another twenty times, Elijah began to tap his feet again the floor.  Freya pulled back the briefs and wedged them firmly in between Elijah's rear with her left hand. Elijah's now pink cheeks were exposed. Freya kept up spanking hard with the brush and soon Elijah was kicking out and struggling to get off her lap. With Freya's hand on his briefs, she kept Elijah's reddening behind firmly in place.  Elijah began to cry after Freya's arm was tiring and his rear was an angry red. She replaced his briefs and smoothed the fabric with the brush. "Please, Sister. I said I was sorry. It won't happen again," Elijah pleaded.  "You will stop getting swats when I am satisfied that you have learned you lesson. You both remember, that I am the big Sister. Let me take care of you now. I will not falter in my duty, as you have not faltered in yours towards your other siblings or children," Freya said now spanking more lightly over Elijah's briefs.  "I'm going to end, but I want you to remember how you put hands on your brother today. That is unacceptable. Now, try to stay still," Freya said moving the brush to the area right on the unprotected tops of Elijah's thighs.  "Pop, pop, pop, pop!" Freya whacked the brush hard down on Elijah's sit spots. He groaned and let his tears continue to fall to the ground below him. For a moment Elijah tensed and then relaxed.  "I know that hurt. The salve is slowing your healing," Freya said in a soothing voice. "I'm sorry," Elijah choked out. "I know, honey. Shh, it's okay. I love you so much. Let it out," Freya said helping him up. Elijah slumped to his knees and she put her arms around him to comfort him for a moment. He rested his head on her knees and she wiped his face with tissues from her purse.  "Hands off your backside, they will still burn from the vervain. You better?" Freya whispered. Elijah nodded.  Freya kissed him on the head and patted his back.  "Go trade places with your brother. If I see you even touch your behind, I'm going to pull down those tight briefs and spank you even harder. Maybe with your own belt. So behave," Freya threatened. She didn't want to spank him harder, but she also didn't want his hands to burn all night.  Elijah took Klaus' place in the corner, keeping his arms at his side. The tight underpants were causing his scorched backside to sting even more fiercely. He wanted to beg her to pull them down, but his pride would not allow it. Elijah shifted from foot to foot to try to stomp out some of the sting.  "Stand still, Brother. I know it stings, but if you stomp one more time, that's another smack on your sore butt with the brush!" Freya promised.  "Niklaus, come on, let's get you over my lap. I never thought I would have to give both of you a hard spanking, but after I hope you will not repeat this behavior," Freya lectured. Klaus also went right over her lap. She pushed his shirt up.  Right off the bat, he seemed more nervous and seemed to wriggle. Freya popped his bare thigh with an admonition to stay still. When Freya tugged the fabric of the briefs up to wedge them in place, Klaus wiggled again. Freya used her hand to spank the center of both cheeks firmly. Without the salve, the pink handprints disappeared quickly.  "This is going to be a very long spanking if you don't behave!" Freya said spanking him a few more times as he continued to thrash around.  "Now settle down, unless you want a bedtime spanking yourself," Freya asked firmly. "No, sorry. It really smarts," Klaus whined. Freya figured that he was still enough for her to begin to spray on the salve.  "Owww, it burns!" Klaus cried as Freya covered the area.  "It must sting more on an already spanked bottom. You should be learning a good lesson. Tell me what it is," Freya said tapping the backs of his legs.  "To behave myself in public, not to fight, and to help with the money. I should also listen to Elijah better. I-I'm sorry," Klaus called out, still unable to keep completely still. The salve may have affected him more because of his hybrid nature.  "I know, my dear little brother. I love you fiercely, but you will not fight like hooligans in the parking lot. Do you understand?" Freya asked gently. She let the fabric go and put her left arm around his waist to hold him tight. "Yes, Sister," Klaus said now clenching his backside in anticipation of the first smacks. Freya patted the seat of his briefs.  "I'm going to start your real spanking now. Ready?" Freya asked smacking him a bit harder.  "Freya, please!" Klaus gulped. He was amazed by the burning in his behind already from a brief spanking and an application of salve. What was he going to feel like after she began to use the brush?  Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Freya kept her hand loose and smacked him all over his underpants almost lightly. Her hand had recovered a little, but she knew she couldn't whack him all that firmly without hurting herself worse.  Klaus fought to not shift his backside out of the path of Freya's little smacks. He knew she was swatting him lightly, but damned, if that didn't sting. He felt his feet start to tap on the floor. He began to rock his hips from side to side. He couldn't help it.  "I guess you are begging for the brush on your bare butt," Freya snapped picking up the brush.  "No! It just really aches and burns. I'm trying," Klaus wailed.  Freya used her left hand to pull up the fabric to the crack of his behind again as she popped both of his cheeks with the square plastic brush.  Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Klaus would have almost pushed himself up if she didn't lift her left knee and raise him up more. Soon, after many more firm swats, Klaus was almost swimming off her knee. He was frantically trying to jerk off her lap which caused Freya to keep a tighter grip on the fabric of the briefs and paddle him with an increased energy.  Klaus began to sob wildly, "S-Sorry, please, no more spanking. I'm sorry. Stoppppp!" Freya didn't stop until he finally settled down and his bottom was a solid bright red. She had left his thighs untouched, but his backside was redder than Elijah's.  "Do I need to paddle your bottom before bed tonight or did you learn a lesson?" Freya asked now rubbing the brush over his burning cheeks. "NO! Please, no. I can't take any more. I'll behave. I'm sorry, Elijah. I'm sorry, Freya," Klaus shouted.  "Almost done," Freya said sadly. Like Elijah she gave him two hard cracks across his sit spots. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! This time Klaus did wiggle off her lap and grabbed his bottom to rub it frantically.  "Hey, none of that. Hands off!" Freya ordered.  Klaus ignored her. Freya stood up and pulled a belt from the loops of one of their pants. She doubled it.  "Move your hands," Freya said. She stood Klaus up against the door and cracked the belt down across both of his cheeks again four times. Snap. Snap. Snap. Snap.  Klaus wailed, "Ouch. No."  "Okay, that's all. Come here," Freya hugged her little brother tenderly. He put his head her shoulder and she leaned against him.  "You're okay. It's all over," Freya repeated.  "It stings," Klaus wept.  "I know. I'm sorry I had to do that," Freya said smoothing back his hair. "Elijah," Freya called him out of the corner,"Come here."  Elijah was anxious that she was going to take that belt to him for a second.  "Come here, let me hug both of you," Freya said now feeling emotional herself.  "Sorry," Elijah whispered to both of them.  "I'm still not opposed to giving you both another spanking when we get home so I want you both to be on your best behavior until them. I love you both very much and it hurt me to do that. But I think you know you both deserved it. We'll get everything with the money worked out. But Elijah, from now on, communicate more. And Niklaus, listen more," Freya said carefully.  "Yes, ma'am," Klaus answered.  "Yes, Freya. I'm sorry we acted up like that. Niklaus, I shouldn't have put my hands on you," Elijah apologized.  "I'm sorry about what I said, about the stick. You know, I couldn't do any of this without you. Or I wouldn't want to," Klaus replied. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday, January 12, 2011Mikaelson Mansion3pm The school week passed quickly without major incident. Contractors had begun to work on the fourth floor and Henrik and Finn were excited about their first sleepover.  Rachael had developed the habit of dressing in layers and then taking them off when she wanted a certain kind of attention. Freya and Vanessa had talked to her about this, but a part of her was just bored and wanted to "get a rise" out of people. She had thrown a plaid shirt over a tight, revealing tank top. She made a point to sit in front of a boy she had had her eye on.  "Hot on this bus, isn't it?" Rachael said shucking off her jacket and the plaid shirt.  "I don't think it's hot. God, Rachael, put your shirt back on. Button that shit up!" Dana scolded her, turning to see if anyone had noticed her sister flaunting herself.  "I'm going to crack the window a little," Rachael purred, smiling at the boy she liked. He stared at her also, and not just not her face, until Dana yanked her back into the seat.  "Rachael, what is wrong with you? Stop acting like that. That guy is gross. Plus, he has a girlfriend. What is going on with you?" Dana asked her red haired twin.  "Shut up, Dana. I'm not boring like you. I just wanna have a little fun. You're not my damn mother...You only talk to me when your precious little Penny isn't around," Rachael spat as she pointed a finger in Dana's face.  "That's not true! You know what? I'm going to talk to Freya about getting my own room. There are days I can't take another minute of your immature shit," Dana retorted moving seats to a little further back. Kai was in the next seat over. Kai Parker seemed like he was in his own world today. The other guys talked about their day around him, but he wasn't really interested right now. Kai wanted that money. He had never really had any money of his own and he also liked to win.  He had bet against his own sister. His own flesh and blood, but someone was going to win. Furthermore, Rachael's moments of good behavior seemed fleeting. She couldn't sustain it. Kai could feel the agitation and angst rolling off of her in waves. Rachael had insulted him several times lately. Kai knew she had been picking a fight with him and he had clamped his mouth shut. He wondered if Dana would help him, as he glanced out the window of the school bus.  "What are you up to, Kai?" Dana smirked.  "Nothing much, Dana. Why you always so suspicious? It is because our family is no better than a nest of poisonous serpents? Or are you just bored and making something out of nothing?" Kai replied never taking his eyes off the landscape.  "Just tell me. Maybe the answer is a little of all," Dana whispered back.  "Sister, you must promise me that you won't say anything. And if you can help me, then I'll cut you in," Kai grinned.  Dana smiled back, "Intriguing. You have my word as a witch...and I suppose as a vampire."  "As a vampire...,I almost forget that part of you girls now," Kai remarked.  "Stop stalling," Dana pushed.  Kai tore his eyes from the scenes of Mystic Falls outside the bus and met her eyes, "I can trust you?"  "Yeah, I said you could. Jesus, that prison world make you paranoid. Don't forget who got your pretty face out of there, Malachai Parker!" Dana reminder him firmly.  "Okay, so the guys have a little bet going as to who the first kid to get ah, 'punished' under the new three strikes policy...They asked me to choose and...," Kai flushed. He was speaking as softly as possible. He finally understand how well the others could hear. "You fucker, you didn't pick me, did you? I'm not taking a beating so you can get in good with 'the guys,'" Dana scoffed.  Kai whispered back, "I didn't pick you...,"  "No, Rachael? Really, she's my twin, goddamn it. Now, what you really get out of this?" Dana pressed.  "Money! The pot would be like $2500 at least, plus the guy who wins doesn't have to do any chores for like two weeks. I'm not being mean, Dana. You know she's 'cruisin' for a bruisin'...All we need to do is, plant some smokes on her or really piss her off," Kai shared.  "You make it sound easy, but she'll get her butt paddled. Again! Maybe she is going to be the first one to get in trouble, but instead of encouraging it, we should be trying to keep her out of trouble. She's our sister, Kai. Doesn't that mean anything to you anymore? Maybe you're the one who has changed?" Dana snapped.  "I'll give you half the money and play with Penny every night so you can get a break!" Kai offered.  Dana's face fell. She knew when she was beaten. "Damn. Add on that you will come to Fun Town with us the next time we go, and you've got a deal." Kai scowled, "Ugh, you drive a tough bargain, but deal. Here's what I need you to do..." Mikaelson Mansion4pm"Dad, what time are they coming?" Henrik asked again.  "Yes, shouldn't they be here by now?" Finn interrupted. "Soon, boys. Now, remember what I said, I want you to have fun tonight, but you still need to behave yourself. No fighting with each other. You can still go into time out when they are here, got it?" Elijah said sternly.  Finn cut his eyes at Elijah, "Dad! Time out! We're not babies." "I know, I know. Ah, I think I hear something," Elijah smiled.  Henrik and Finn looked at each other as they heard nothing, but a second later, the door bell rang.  "They're here!" Henrik shouted.  "Shh, the whole neighborhood doesn't need to know," Elijah joked walking toward the door. Elijah greeted Martin Maxwell and invited him and his two sons in. Martin was in his early fifties and had a headful of gray hair. He was still wearing a business suit, as if he had just left the office. Kaden was Finn's age and Preston was in Henrik's class. Both boys were very pale and doughy as if they never went outside and rarely exercised. Elijah thought they looked more like vampires than he did. The boys both had close cropped blond hair and matching pink Polo brand shirts and khaki pants.  "Hi guys," Elijah said to the two boys. Henrik and Finn ran off to show their friends their room.   "Can I get you a drink, Martin?" Elijah asked.  "Oh, no, thank you, Elijah. I've got to get Marge to the club. Say, you and Vanessa should join. There aren't any openings, but I'm sure we could get you in. Say, this is quite a house!" Martin remarked in awe checking out the high ceilings.  "Thanks. I've been too busy with work to socialize much lately, but I'll talk to Vanessa. Say, Martin, I misplaced this check. I am going to give it to you and you are going to deposit it back into your back account," Elijah compelled him. He had replaced all of the money he had compelled out of people at the school, except for Martin. His backside tingled as he thought about Freya's future ministrations, if he didn't do this. Yet Elijah knew Freya was right. He had other ways of getting funds that didn't require them to embezzle from close associates. This man was wealthy, but Elijah never should have taken advantage of him. He was also a powerful CEO and lawyer of an international software company.   "I will deposit this money into my bank account," Martin repeated in a monotone voice.  "You will not remember me giving you this money," Elijah compelled and waiting for Martin to repeat it.  "Thanks again for inviting the boys. They've been excited. I hope they don't give you any trouble. Truth be told, they can be a bit of a handful," Martin laughed uncomfortably.  "You don't have to tell me. My boys can be a little high strung themselves. I can commiserate. Things certainly are different today than when we were children," Elijah recalled.  "And not in a better way, in my opinion. But what can you do? The wife packed their things in here. Kadan's pull ups are in there and Preston has an epipen and an inhaler. I'm a little skeptical that he even has an allergy or even anything wrong with him at all, but Gigi has convinced herself that legumes and that red dye #9 is the enemy. She had the nanny write up everything on that card," Martin explained with a hint of apology. Elijah wanted to know why the older boy was still having bed wetting issues, but didn't want the boys to overhear the conversation.  "No problem. We'll take good care of them. I'll try to get them to bed at a decent time. I know you said they don't care for dogs, so we put Sadie in the garage," Elijah mentioned.  "That was good of you," Martin said, "Sorry about all these instructions. The wife is a bit neurotic. We couldn't have children for many years and she's a tad much. She's actually my third wife. Never had any kids with the first two. Third times the charm, I guess. Well, I'll be around about 10am tomorrow to pick them up?" Martin said finally.  "Perfect," Elijah said as the boys ran back.  "Dad, I need my Game Boy Advance. I want to show Henrik," Preston prattled loudly.  "Nanny didn't pack it. You can't bring every toy here, Preston," Martin explained in a patient voice.  "What? I told her I wanted it. Dad, go get it. Right now," Preston demanded. Martin cast a helpless glance at Elijah, "Sorry, Preston. It's time for me to go. Mr. Mikaelson isn't going to invite you over again if you throw a fit. Okay, Daddy has to go. Have fun, boys." Martin pushed the boys' backpacks into Elijah's hands and left quickly. Elijah wondered if the overwrought father would ever come back for these kids. Preston was grumbling with anger, "She's so stupid! Now the whole night is ruined."  Elijah took a deep breath, "It's okay, Preston. We have enough toys here. We also don't call people stupid. That's not a nice way to talk about your nanny."  Preston ignored Elijah and turned to ask, "Finn, can we go back upstairs?"  "That's a good idea. Your parents said that you can eat gluten free pizza. We're eat soon. Boys, we take off our shoes in the house, okay. Finn, Henrik, show them please," Elijah said indicating their muddy footwear.  Kol came down to take out the dog.  "Hey, lads. Want to take out Sadie with me?" Kol said after meeting the boys' guests.  "No, thanks," Henrik said running upstairs with the other boys.  "That's a first," Kol said in surprise.  "Brother, I fear that this is going to be a long night," Elijah revealed.  "Where's Vanessa?" Kol said looking around.  "She and Cami went out shopping tonight. I told her to take her time. She hardly leaves the compound, but maybe I overestimated my ability to host this sleepover," Elijah admitted.  "Oh, how much harm can they do in one night?" Kol said heading for the garage.  Then, they heard the breaking glass. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Klaus had asked his kids to stay in and start to pack up their things in boxes to start moving bedrooms. The construction on the fourth floor was going to proceed at a fast and furious pace.  "Doesn't look like much packing is going on here...Or any at all," Klaus announced going into Tyler, Connor, and Erik's room.  All five of Klaus' boys and Kai were gathered around the tv watching a movie and laughing uproariously. Klaus didn't know what movie it was and wasn't sure he approved, but he preferred them in the house so he made some concessions. "Dad, you said as long as we did it this weekend, that was okay," Tyler rebutted.  "I don't recall saying it like that, but I suppose it could wait for tomorrow. Can you pause that a moment?" Klaus asked an octave louder to be heard over the movie.  "Sorry," Jeremy said as he grabbed the remote and paused the movie.  "It's okay. Finn and Henrik have friends over tonight, so you might want to avoid the great room. We'll order in pizza and whatever you guys want. Just this once, you can eat up here, okay?" Klaus added.  "Hot damn! That's great. Just keep those little shits about from us," Matt joked. Klaus blinked at Matt's boldness and then frowned deeply. "That's a strike, Matthew. We just spoke about the cursing," Klaus said removing a little notebook from his back pocket.  "No! Dad, please tell me you're not writing that shit, I mean, stuff down in a notebook. That's really lame," Tyler laughed hysterically.  "Well, I am recording everything in my notebook and you, young man, just got your second strike so I think you ought to watch your step!" Klaus warned adding a hash mark to Tyler's column.  "A second one? What was the first?" Tyler questioned.  Connor thought and added, "You didn't take out the garbage and lied about it."  "I didn't lie! I freaking.. forgot," Tyler defended.  "Perhaps I should get you a notebook to write down your chores in, Tyler?" Klaus rejoined.  Tyler flushed and everyone laughed.  "Go back to your movie, boys. You can pack up everything more tomorrow," Klaus noted as he tucked his notebook back in his pocket. Tyler rolled his eyes.  They all heard a crash.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Henrik and Finn's roomTwo minutes before Klaus got to the room first. He knew the young house guests could be anywhere and he didn't want to vamp in case they saw him.  "What happened here? Stay away from the glass!" Klaus exclaimed.  "We were playing swords and the mirror got broken!" Finn yelled out.  Erik and Jeremy helped Klaus move all four boys away from the shattered dresser mirror.  "Are you boys all right? Are you bleeding?" Elijah asked rushing over to all four of them. He knew no one was bleeding because he would have been able to smell the blood, but he figured it was a "normal" reaction. Glass from the dresser mirror glinted in the overhead light. Elijah and Kol came in next. The older boys retreated back to the safety of their own room.  "Who broke the mirror... with a baseball bat?" Kol asked in surprised. The bat lay on the carpet among the slivers of sharp glass. "It was a sword!" Finn gasped looking at his friend, Kadan.  "Were you all jumping on the beds?" Klaus asked suspiciously. Henrik hid behind Elijah's leg and his lip trembled. Preston also looked upset and stood close to Henrik, but Finn and Kaden still didn't seem fazed by the accident.  Elijah patted him on the shoulder and reminded them, "Boys, we've warned you over and over about jumping on the bed and trying to jump on the dresser.  And to do it with a baseball bat? We're just lucky someone wasn't hurt. We want you to have fun, but you need to settle down."  "Sorry," Henrik said sadly. Elijah thought Henrik was probably the least guilty one and shot a look at his older son.  "It was an accident...Sorry!" Finn ground out in frustration.  Elijah took a deep breath. He had promised Vanessa that he could handle this and allow the boys to have a fun, normal night. Elijah asked, "Niklaus, would you take them to the kitchen and order the pizzas. I'm going to clean up here."  Elijah took Finn's arm and waited until Klaus herded the other three into the hallway. Kol went to get a vacuum cleaner.  "What really happened?" Elijah demanded.  "Sorry, Dad! It was Kadan. We were having fun and he was chasing us with the bat and it hit the dresser. Don't send them home!" Finn begged.  "Finn, I'm not. But you know better than to jump and climb like that. Someone could have been hurt. I don't want to spoil your night, but remember the rules still apply when you have friends over," Elijah repeated.  "Yes, I know!" Finn said with a touch of attitude. He was anxious to get back to his friend. Elijah let it go, but felt a pang of sadness. Finn really was growing up and starting to care more about his friends than his old dad. "Go on, bud. I'll clean up here," Elijah said stoically. Finn turned and then came back and hugged Elijah suddenly.  "Hey, what's this for?" Elijah said blinking back sudden tears.  "Nothing," Finn muttered before running off to the kitchen.  Elijah heard Kol remind Finn to walk in the hallway before appearing with a bloom and a dustpan in one hand and a vacuum in the other.  "Those lads are full of the devil all right. Elijah, it's fine. No one got hurt. Calm down," Kol soothed him. Elijah realized he was tense and tried to relax. "You're right. I don't want to let anything. Even the bratty behavior of the friends ruin this first sleepover for the boys. They are growing up so fast, Brother. Soon, they won't be children at all. Did you ever think they they are mortal?"  Kol nodded, "They will lead normal lives. I think the same think with Davina. What will it be like when she grows old and I stay the same? I can't think that way and neither can you. Now, help me clean up the glass. I'm sure it won't be the last mess with that 'Kadan' chap tearing up the house. What kind of name is Kadan anyway?" Elijah agreed, "No idea. Indeed, it won't be!" ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Great Room 7pmVanessa and Cami came home to the younger boys eating pizza and breadsticks in the great room. Elijah had set them up with a movie and then retreated into the kitchen so he could hear them if needed, but was out of sight. Finn and Henrik had really wanted to have Sprite. Since it didn't have any caffeine, Elijah ordered a two liter against his better judgment.  "This stuff is good! I never had this before," Elijah had Kadan say to the other boys from the kitchen.  Finn said, "You never had Sprite? Really?"  Preston added, "We're not allowed to." "Why not?" Henrik asked.  "Our mom doesn't want us to have sugar. She said it is a poison, but it's pretty good," Preston admitted.  "That's weird," Finn said.  "Weird? You don't even have a nanny or a maid! That's weirder," Kadan scoffed.  "Oh," Finn said. He hadn't realized it was weird. He had only been to a few other houses and indeed, there was always a housekeeper or some kind of au pair or babysitter.  "Hi boys, I'm Vanessa. I think I met you at the Rossi's party a few weeks ago. Did you all have enough to eat?" Vanessa said patting Finn on the head as Henrik hugged her around the legs.  "We need more Sprite!" Preston shared.  "Oh, I think that is quite enough, boys. More can make you sick. I know you boys can't have ice cream, but you can have some popsicles when you're finished okay. Maybe popcorn?" Vanessa smiled.  "Yes! I want popcorn," Finn exclaimed.  "Finish your pizza first," Vanessa ordered lightly. She could tell he had barely eaten in his excitement.  "Can we stay up really late?" Henrik begged.  "No, but you guys can sleep down here in the sleeping bags by the fire. That will be fun," Vanessa promised.  "Cool!" Finn said. They had slept down here a few times in their sleeping bags and always liked it.  "Okay, I'm going to go eat. We'll be in the kitchen if you need us," the pretty green-eyed vampire said leaving.  Vanessa returned to the kitchen to find Freya and Keelin coming back in. "Hi, oh my God, more food. We just stuffed ourselves," Keelin groaned.  Freya also nodded, "I never want to see food again. I'm making us digestive tea or we're going to explode."  "Ah, is that the sleepover?" Keelin whispered, "How's it going?"  Elijah responded, "The older boy shattered the boys' dresser mirror with a baseball bat in the first 20 minutes. Sadie is locked up in the garage because they are afraid of dogs and..."  "A few more hours, I'm sure they will invite Finn and Henrik over their house next time. I surprised the mother didn't send their nanny to hover over them. She usually follows them around at parties. The youngest didn't even talk for years because she'd just anticipate all of his needs," Vanessa explained.  Keelin cringed, "Oh jeez, that's sounds nuts."  Freya laughed, "Not for these rich kids. That private school is what, $50k a kid. They all have more money, then sense."  Keelin kissed Freya, "I'm going to go take a shower.""I was going to check in with the kids. Let me guess, they aren't actually packing up their rooms tonight?" Freya asked Elijah.  "Ah no, they seem to be sitting around watching tv or on iPads or whatever they do. I think Niklaus told them they had the whole weekend," Elijah offered.  Freya nodded, "I guess that's fine. Well, have fun with that!" They all heard another ruckus. This time it sounded like the boys were either fighting or wrestling and there was another crash.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Girls' Room7:10pm"Penny, you don't want to go down with the boys?" Freya asked smiling.  "No, Aunt Freya, I don't. I would rather kiss a...," Penny struggled for the right word.  "Tiger?" Dana suggested as she went to tickle the black haired tween.  "Yes! I hate boys!" Penny giggled as Dana stopped tickling her.  "How was school, ladies?" Freya asked.  "Boring," Rachael said, "I do like boys, but the ones here are blah!"  "That's why you were half-naked on the bus again?" Dana added, dodging as Rachael tried to punch her on the arm.  "Half-naked? You don't need to do that, dear. Rachael, we talked about this,-" Freya didn't want to launch into a lecture, but she was worried about Rachael's self-image.  "I know. Dana's just lying. Ignore her," Rachael snapped.  "Let's not argue tonight. Keelin and I were going to turn in early. Did you guys get pizza already?  Are you okay to entertain yourselves up here? Tomorrow, we'll do something together.  Then, we'll start to get everything packed up. I think you'll love the new bedrooms," Freya promised.  "We're fine," Dana assured her. They were just going to watch a movie and then go to bed early themselves. If they got ambitious, they could always head up to the game room or see if the boys wanted to play video games.  "Okay, good night. Love you," Freya said kissing all three of them.  She was a little worried that Rachael and Dana still seemed to be not getting along.  She wondered if she and Rebekah would have argued like that, if they had had the chance to grow up together. She doubted it because of their age difference. Freya let all thoughts of the past go and looked forward to spending the rest of her night with Keelin. Keelin hadn't fully moved in yet, but they were getting there. Freya stopped in and said goodnight to the older boys and then encountered Vanessa and Elijah.  "What's wrong?" she asked seeing a stony expression on Vanessa's face.  "Food fight!" Vanessa replied, stepping aside to show her the boys with mashed up breadsticks and pizza sauce all over them.  Freya wanted to laugh, but restrained herself.  "We're going to get the boys showered off and then in their pajamas. Not sure we can handle more sugar and excitement tonight," Elijah responded as the boys replied in a litany of complaints.  Vanessa stopped and said firmly, "Not another word, boys. Now, strip and get in the shower. There's a big one in this bedroom you can use." Preston grumbled, "I only take a bath every other night when nanny makes me. This isn't my night." Kaden agreed.Vanessa looked down at the pale, pudgy child, "You are going to take a shower and get the pizza sauce and cheese out of your hair, then you are going to get dressed and we're all going to bed."  "You can't make me!" Preston said. He looked at if he was going to try to kick Vanessa in the chin. Elijah gently stepped in front of her.  "Last one in the shower...is a rotten egg!" Elijah announced and the boys ran off.  "Thanks, darling. I was really to curse that kid out, I swear to God," Vanessa breathed.  "I think he was going to kick you! I never knew Sprite could make them go insane," Elijah admitted in horror.  "How much longer?" Vanessa groaned.  Elijah listened a second, "They are fighting again. This sleepover makes Fun Town seem like heaven. Put a smile on your face...and let's do this."  Vanessa grabbed Elijah's hand and they went into the bedroom to try to keep the peace for another hour or so. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday, January 12, 2011Mikaelson Mansion11:30pmAfter getting the boys to all shower and change after their impromptu food fight, Elijah and Vanessa got them settled in their sleeping beds in the great room.  Elijah put on a movie until they fell asleep and then quietly walked upstairs.  He and Vanessa fell into a deep sleep, but Elijah woke up a few hours later and went downstairs to check on the boys. Henrik and Preston were still asleep in their sleeping bags, but Finn and Kadan were up drinking cans of Coke and eating Doritos. They had a horror movie on the television that Elijah snapped off. Elijah hissed, "Kadan, your mother said you're allergic to that red dye. Put that down."  "Daddy? Why are you up so late?" Finn said knocking over his can in his haste to hide it.  Kadan griped, "That's a lie. She just doesn't want us eating junk."  Elijah grabbed the chips and the cokes.  "Why did you get this junk?" Elijah asked.  Finn looked uncomfortable, "We got them from the game room." Klaus let the older boys have this kind of junk from time to time, but Elijah and Vanessa never allowed it."You mean you snuck the whole way up there and stole them out of the boys' frig?" Elijah pressed.  Finn nodded, "We just wanted a few."  "Finn, you know why you're not allowed to have this stuff, especially at night. We're going to have a long talk about this tomorrow. Now, back in your sleeping bags," Elijah said sternly. He was tired and irritated.  "I'm not tired," Kadan whined.  "In the sleeping bag," Elijah repeated. He grabbed some paper towels and poured the Coke down the sink. Elijah laid down on the couch above the four sleeping bags  "Dad, you can go upstairs now," Finn whispered.  "I don't think so. Go to sleep," Elijah said quietly.  Saturday, January 13, 2011Mikaelson Mansion10amThe younger boys had woken up around 6am. Elijah got them cereal and put on the tv for them. Kadan and Finn slept a little later after their late night binge, but finally got up ate and then changed for the day. Someone let Sadie out of the garage by mistake. All of the boys had a great time playing with her.  Elijah said, "I thought you were afraid of dogs?" Preston said, "We love dogs! We're just not allowed to play with them because they are too dangerous."  Henrik laughed, "Sadie doesn't bite."  The nanny ended up picking up both boys. Elijah wanted to ask where the parents were, but didn't want to be rude in front of the boys. He was exactly happy about the broken mirror, the food fight, and the contraband food last night, but he could tell the boys had a great time.  "What do you say?" she prompted them. They both said thank you and left.  Elijah breathed a huge sign of relief and locked the door behind them. He had spent a restless night on the couch and could have used a nap himself, but as usual, he had plenty to do even on a weekend.  11amKitchenToday was the day for Kai to win the bet. Kai winked at Dana. Dana nodded slightly in response to her brother's signal. All she had to do was plant the cigarettes in Rachael's purse and then they have Rachael open her purse in front of Freya or Klaus. That would be an instant three strikes.  Rachael had already had two for talking back and refusing to put her dishes in the sink, so the cigarettes would take her over the limit quickly. Kai would win the bet, split the winnings with Dana. And Rachael, well, she would get what was coming to her, in Kai's opinion. She had only grown ruder and more surly the last few days.  All the kids were awake and had eaten some form of breakfast. Dana whispered to Freya, who was at the sink, "Oh no, I realized that I forgot to give you my lunch bag yesterday. Let me go grab it. It gets so gross if we don't wash it out every day."  Rachael said, "Can you get mine, too?"  "Fine. Anything else, your highness?" Dana retorted.  "Get mine, would ya!" Kai added as he flipped the page of his biology book. The tutor was supposed to come tomorrow to meet with him about his science and math and he wanted to brush up. If he was to become a real doctor, he knew he needed to study hard.  "Fine," Dana said. She ran up and go the insulted lunch bags that Freya had bought for them. They also had insulated thermos for the girls' lunchtime portion of blood. That was especially gross not to wash out immediately.  Klaus came in, his kids all seemed to prefer to buy their lunches at school whereas Freya's were picky. With Rachael still claiming to be vegan, there wasn't much she could eat at the school cafeteria, so Freya just ended up packing their lunches.  "Whatcha doing, Sister?" Klaus said watching her at the sink.  "Dishes, as usual, Brother," Freya smiled. Keelin had a weekend shift at the clinic and had left this morning. "You know, Elijah and I are going to send you and Keelin on a very exclusive trip to a private island when things settle down," Klaus promised.  "Nonsense, didn't we already talk about wasting money!" Freya whispered sternly.  "Freya, we own the bloody island. It's okay. Plus, you deserve a break. You know, I appreciate you, even when I don't like your methods," Klaus said in a low voice, almost blushing. He was still a little sheepish that Freya had to discipline him and Elijah at the mall.  Freya started to reply as Dana came in with the three lunch bags.  "Hi Uncle Klaus, where is everyone?" Dana said handing Freya the lunch bags.  "Thanks, hon," Freya said taking them. "Boxing up their rooms, I hope. I told them they can go out after they have packed up their things. I'm sure they are probably playing video games, though," Klaus complained.  "What the hell is this, Kai?" Freya yelled, holding out his lunch bag. In the lunch bag, there were the remnants of the sandwich that Kai hadn't completely eaten, a lighter, and a pack of cigarettes.  "What is it?" Klaus asked getting up. Freya tilted the offending lunch box to show her brother. Klaus' eyes got big and he glanced at Kai with surprise. He knew exactly what he'd do if it was one of his sons, but he wasn't about to interfere.  "Those aren't mine!" Kai said in shock. He got up from the stool he was sitting on at the island and went over to look.  Kol and Erik came into the kitchen, planning to take Sadie out back to play with her ball.  "What's going on?" Erik said in confusion.  Klaus patted him on the arm, "Nothing, Son. You two, go. I'll join you in a moment."  Kai looked at Dana and saw her smirk. He exploded. He grabbed the lunch bag and cigarette and threw them at her face. With her fast reflexes, she caught it. "You little bitch! You set me up! You fucking set me up. I'll get you for this," Kai vowed spitting at he screamed. Kol almost thought he was going to lunge at Dana and grabbed his arm.  "Watch it, bloke. You're making it worse," Kol hissed into his ear.  Dana purred, "I don't know what you're taking about. Ever here of the rule of three, Brother dearest?"  "What's that?" Erik asked when Kai just cursed under his breath.  Kol quoted, "The Law of Three, three times your acts return to thee. This lesson well thou must learn, thou only gets what they dost earn."  "Well, I think he's earned a good one. Freya, Kol, you got this?" Klaus said.  Freya nodded, "Thanks, Brother. We've got this."  Klaus and Erik took the dog. Rachael and Dana also decided this would be a good time to leave.  "Those aren't mine!" Kai repeated. But to his horror, he realized that they were his. He had bought from a kid at school for this little ruse.  Freya glanced at Kol. He shook his head as he could detect the lie.  "I mean, they were mine but...," Kai realized that any revelation of the truth would not only get him in more trouble, but implicant the other guys. If the adults found out about the bets, all the boys would be in trouble and they would be pissed at Kai. He had no choice but to cop to a lesser plea and hope for mercy.  "Kai, I know that's not true," Kol acknowledged.  "I didn't smoke any of them," Kai blurted. Then, he realized that wasn't true either. He had smoked one out of the bathroom window before taking a shower the other night.  Kol shook his head again, "Lad, stop your lying. It's not helping."  Freya looked so disappointed, "What I want to know is why you screamed at Dana. What's going on, young man?"  Kai thought fast, "I'm sorry. I bought the smokes at school. I did smoke one. I thought that Dana put them in the lunch bag to get me in trouble, but then I realized I forgot about them."  Kol clarified, "You understand that I can tell when you are lying, mate? Right?" Kai felt the back of his neck heat up in shame, "Yeah, I know. They are mine and I smoke one, okay?"  "Now that's the truth," Kol confirmed to Freya.  "And I'm sorry," Kai continued looking beseechingly at Freya. "That's true," Kol confirmed. Kol hated to have to be a human lie detector, but the boy was going to dig himself deeper into trouble with these lies and stories. "Thanks, Kol. I think I have it from here," Freya said firmly.  "Okay, then," Kol clapped Kai on the back. It was a small gesture, but it let Kai know that Kol was still there for him, if not physically, at least in spirit.  Freya waited a moment until Kol joined Erik and Klaus outside with the dog. Kai's cheeks seemed flushed and he looked scared.  "I'm more upset about you threatening Dana and hiding something than these cigarettes. Though, of course, you should not be smoking ever. I'm going to get you a chance to just tell me what is going on before I punish you," Freya said firmly.  Kai wanted to confess. He had been willing to sell out Rachael for what? Money, a little anger, and to get in good with the other guys? No, he was too ashamed to go there. If he didn't admit it, it would be like only Dana would know. She wouldn't tell or it would be her ass on the line also. "There's nothing to tell. Isn't this my first strike? First offense?" Kai said attempting to talk his way out of trouble.  "I think the cigarettes themselves are worthy of over three strikes and add on the threats and cursing and you are in quite a lot a trouble. Kai, I think you know that," Freya said softly.  Kai nodded. He wasn't going to fight her.  "I know," Kai admitted.  "What don't you go up to your room. I'll be up in a little while," Freya said firmly.  Kai opened his mouth to try to talk his way out of the trouble he was in, but shut it when he saw the determined look in her eyes.  Kai walked upstairs slowly. He was still in the clothes he had slept in, but he didn't know if there was any point to getting dressed.  Right as he got to his room, Dana intercepted him.  "You betrayed me," Kol accused.  "No, Kai, you betrayed me! You would think as a Gemini, you would realize the best thing about being a twin is," Dana spat.  "You're not Dana, are you?" Kai rejoined.  "No, I'm not. But it's fun to pretend. We always switch places at least once or twice a week. Why do you think we keep our hair exactly alike?" Rachael revealed.  "So, on the bus? That was you I was 'plotting' with?" Kai groaned shutting his eyes.  "The whole time. That my own brother would try to get me in trouble for fucking money? At first, it disgusted me and I thought that a taste of that paddle would be good enough revenge. But then, Dana and I went to the guys and asked them to cut us in on the bet. So then we bet against you. Looks like we won this time," Rachael laughed meanly.  "Rachael, for what it's worth, I'm sorry. I'm an asshole," Kai said quietly.  "Oh, you will be sorry. We also made the rest of the boys promise to not give you any blood to heal you after, so have fun sitting. And for what's it worth, you're dead to me," Rachael pointed out, turning around and walking away. Kai saw the door to the girls' room open and Dana and Penny stood there and welcomed her in warmly. Dana flicked him off and shut the door. Kai went in the bedroom and sat on the bed. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^KitchenFreya heard Klaus come back in.  "You okay?" Klaus asked.  "No, not really, Niklaus. I'm not sure I can do this. I know something else is going on and I'm not quite sure what else he did, but there is something," Freya ranted.  "Sister, believe me. If you can handle Elijah and me, you can handle one teen siphon witch. Just don't lose your confidence. If you need me, call," Klaus said kissing her on the cheek.  Freya thanked him. She reached into the drawer and grabbed the paddleball paddle and tucked it in the back of her pants. It was an innocuous looking instrument, a beach toy. Freya figured the paddle seemed to have worked pretty well with Klaus' kids. At times, she had seen just the threat of it work wonders. But today she would have to do more than make empty threats.  Freya made it up to Kai's room without encountering anyone. She opened the hall closet and slipped a wrapped bar of Ivory soap in her back pocket. She rapped lightly on the door until she heard Kai say come in. "Hey," Freya said. Kai was getting up from the bed.  "Hi, so I guess this is it," Kai said nervously.  "You're not getting executed, Kai. But I am planning to paddle you. I hope you will never think of smoking again when we are through," Freya said seriously.  Hearing he was going to be the one getting paddled made his stomach drop, it was fine for Rachael, but now that it was him...he was freaking. Freya grabbed some pillows and arranged them on the bed.  "You can take down your pants and lay over the pillows," Freya ordered, slipping the paddle out of the bad of her waistband.  Kai balked, now that he was faced with imminent punishment, he couldn't submit so easily. "If I have to tell you again, I'm going to have to call on of my brothers to hold you. Believe me, you don't want that," Freya warned.  Kai did not. He unbuttoned his pants and slipped them down to his knees and got over the pillows face down so he lay on the bed. He felt silly with his butt over the pillows raised up like that. Kai was wearing some of the new white briefs that had just been purchased for him at the mall. Kai rested his head on his crossed arms and tried to stop squirming. Soon, he felt the paddle rest on his covered behind. "Kai, I know you know why you're being spanked, but I want you to know that you can tell me about the rest of it," Freya said. She wanted to warm him up first with her hand but figured that was a waste of time. Instead she swatted him firmly right across both cheeks with the paddle. Pop! Kai felt the swat and a slight burn, he tensed. Then, he felt the second sharp crack strike his left cheek, then his right. Pop! Pop! "I think you started to ask what happens when you get beyond three strikes...Well, if three is a paddling, then forth is a spanking plus a follow up spanking that night. Five, I suppose would also be a few swats the next morning. I would say you earned yourself being put to bed early with a warm bottom tonight," Freya informed him.  "No, please. I can't take more. I just want to get this over with!" Kai exploded.  "Well, you are being punished, so it's not up to you. I also brought a bar of soap to wash our your mouth for that foul language and those threats. Kai, I love you and I will not tolerate this kind of behavior from you. I know you can do a lot better," Freya sat patting his backside with the light round paddle.  She continued the warm up by slowly swatting him all over his behind until he was wiggling and shifting over the pillow. After giving Kai twenty light smacks over his underpants, Freya decided to step it up a little. She hadn't planned to paddle his bare bottom, but she didn't want to spank him too hard or really, too softly either. Freya needed to see what she was doing to get through that the rules needed to be obeyed or else.  "Pull down your underwear," Freya directed.  "No! I can't. It's too embarrassing!! Please don't make me," Kai begged. Freya gave him the first hard smack with the paddle across both cheeks and he gasped. Kai lifted himself up and slid down his underwear to mid thigh. Freya pushed it down a little more. Kai once again put his hands under his head and braced for the paddling to continue.  Freya rested the paddle on his slightly pink behind and said, "Kai, are you sure you don't want to tell me what's going on?"  "No, ma'am," Kai replied fighting back tears. His butt felt more warm than stinging right now, but he feared that would change quickly in a few minutes.  "Try to stay still," Freya said as she put his left hand on his back and brought the paddle down with a flick to her wrist.  Swat! Swat! Swat! Swat! Freya began to smack Kai's behind slowly and firmly.  Kai was having trouble staying still.  The smacks were building and he began to try to shift out of position. Freya pushed her hand down firmly on his lower back and continued to paddle him steadily. Kai's legs began to kick into the bed and his behind was turning a bright red. Freya swatted until she heard Kai sob and beg for the spanking to end. She paused and patted his rear a quick moment.  "Remember this feeling the next time, you want to disobey. I know it hurts, honey. I'm sorry, but the rules are to keep you all safe and happy," Freya said sweetly. Hearing him sob was making her want to cry, but she laid down four more of the hardest swats right at the end.  Swat! Swat! Swat! Swat! Kai's behind was glowing. Freya put the paddle on the nightstand. She patted Kai's back.  "I did mean it when I said you're getting another spanking at bedtime, but maybe we'll take care of your mouth soaping them, too. I can tell you need to take a little rest," Freya said adding the soap to the nightstand on top of the paddle.  "I'm sorry. I don't need more tonight. I'll be good!" Kai swore.  "You can leave your pants down, I'll cover you up. Take a little nap," Freya said covering him with a light blanket she found at the foot of the bed.  "Thanks," Kai cried.  "Oh hon, I do love you. Here, I'll turn around so you can have some privacy, and you can toss those pillows to the floor and get more comfortable," Freya offered.  Kai shifted those pillows off the bed and let Freya get him covered with the blanket. She kissed him on the head. He seemed half asleep. Freya sat on the bed and rubbed his back until he was sleeping. She hated that she felt she needed to spank him again, but when she thought about the way he spoke to his sister, she knew she had to get to the bottom of what was happening with her kinds.  Freya cast one more baleful look at the boy and left. She left the paddle and soap there on purpose for Kai to think about.  She shook her head a little and went back stair thinking of how stubbornly he had acted. Kai may not be blood, but he sure as hell acted like a Mikaelson. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Saturday, January 13, 2011Mikaelson MansionEarly Afternoon Kai woke up from a dream where he was in prison world again. Only this one wasn't really a nightmare. It was almost as if he had missed it a little. There was a slower pace there. He could study his medical texts at his leisure, though they were outdated, some of the information was still relevant. In the dream, he was in his room, waiting. Had he gotten in trouble again? Beau, the former opera singer, now rendered mute, had always looked so sad when he acted up and Lily would yell at him. He wondered where Beau was now. Kai was a little afraid of Nora, but he didn't think Mary Louise or Valerie would ever hurt him. In the dream, he was waiting and hoping one of them would come for him. At least there, he knew what to expect... Kai heard a tapping at his door and called, "Come in." It was Matt.  "Hey," Matt said.  "Hey, man," Kai said lightly. Kai grimaced as he rolled over and got up. His backside felt a little warm in places, almost hot. He didn't want to grab his ass in front of Matt, but he did feel a slight sting even now, hours later.  Matt's eyes fell on the bar of soap and the paddle on the nightstand.  "Uh-oh, so it's true! Erik thought you might have been the first to get three-striked. He tried to cheek the paddle drawer, but didn't want to get caught. I mean, the only other other crap in that drawer is birthday candles and toothpicks, so he didn't want to make it obvious he was looking into it. What happened?" Matt asked.  Kai stood and stretched, "I got double crossed by my own stupidity. I thought I was...Basically, my sisters set me up to take the fall. Freya found smokes in my lunch bag and Kol was there to weed out all my lies, so she brought me up here and I think I am gonna find out what the 'full treatment' is tonight."  "Tonight? You mean, it ain't done? Ohhhh," Matt groaned.  "Nah, I called my sister a 'little bitch' and threatened her when I saw she planted the cigarettes. Then, I wouldn't tell Freya what happened, so she said I was going to get it again tonight before bed and even...," Kai cast an eye toward the bar of soap.  "No! Wash out your mouth with soap? That's literally horrible, Kai. Sorry. Why did your sisters turn on you? I mean, they were the ones who rescued you from prison world, right?" Matt pressed.  "Yeah, I don't know, Matt. Rachael's been acting weird and getting on my nerves. Did they really bet against me?" Kai asked quietly.  "Yup. They get the whole pot now. But if they set you up, I wonder if that is considered cheating. Maybe I should say something to the guys?" Matt suggested.  "No, please don't. Just let it go. I already got paddled and honestly, having experienced it, I feel more than a little guilty that I was so quick to throw Rachael under the bus. I think Freya hits harder than Uncle Kol," Kai smiled.  "No shit. I never got it from him or from her either, just Uncle Elijah and my dad a bunch of times. Even Alaric and Marcel, like once, but never from a girl. Was it that bad?" Matt asked shyly.  "After the first couple swats, you forget about that because it hurts. That being said, I'm dreading tonight. Not sure how much more I can take," Kai admitted this time he did rub a little and he was sore.  "Kai, did you try to cheat? Is that why your sisters turned on you? You know if you tell the adults about this...we're all gonna get it. It was all in good fun. Tyler always likes to do bets around here just to keep things interesting. No harm is supposed to come from it," Matt lectured.  Kai's face colored, "I won't say anything, Matt. I guess I can take another spanking tonight with that thing." Kai pointed to the paddleball paddle.  "That thing? That's the easiest paddle to take. Believe me, a smack or two with the Jokari with holes in it and you will confess to assassinating Kennedy. There's a heavier beach paddle, too, that's awful. I don't think they used the school paddle on any humans, so don't worry about that. Just be prepared to...well, I've never been too strong so all I can say is good luck, man," Matt said patting Kai on the arm.  "Thanks, man. I guess I have to stay in here all day?" Kai suggested.  It did cross his mind to ask how many paddles were in this house, that was a little weird. "I don't think so, Kai. No one is going to make you stay in your room all day. I mean, they don't really do that.  If you're up to it, you can come down to the weight room and spot me. Get you out of here a little bit," Matt offered.  "Yeah, okay. Let's go. I just hope I don't run into my sisters. I don't want them to gloat that they won," Kai added.  "I can't promise that. My sister is gone now and we never really fought like that. It was different for us, I guess," Matt said.  "Oh Matt, I'm so sorry. I never thought about it. You must think I'm a total asshole," Kai acknowledged.  He had heard that Matt's sister Vickie died.  "No, no, stop. Not at all. Kai, we all screw up. It's gonna work out. You guys will be fine soon," Matt promised as they took the elevator down to the sub basement level weight room.  "Thanks, man." Kai said sincerely. He appreciated Matt's friendship and support. He wasn't sure he had ever had a real friend, especially not one his own age. It felt good. Kai just hoped he could keep his damn mouth shut tonight.^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah's StudyLate AfternoonKlaus, Elijah, Kol, and Freya sat in the study staring at a map. Freya had tried another locator spell on the Heretic siphons and come up empty. Marcel had called about the proposition of the Heretics Nora and Mary Louise in New Orleans. "So they want this Malcolm fellow and need the Geminis to get him back? Then, this Lily was going to take Kai from us, sell him back to the Geminis to hold for the merge, to get Malcolm back and then double cross them...," Elijah said.  "Not the smartest plan," Kol stated, "The Geminis are really not to be trifled with. What if there was a way to stop this merge and just let this Jo sister become the leader without absorbing Kai? That's really what they want, isn't it?"  "Yes, they don't really need to kill the other kids. They just want them out of the picture. Hell, couldn't we fake their deaths or something to throw them off? We just need to give this Lily Malcolm, whomever he is," Freya added.  Klaus stood and paced, "I'm not sure Marcellus, Rebekah and Davina, are safe down there with this Heretic coven at their heels. They need siphons to fight siphons." Kol agreed, "He's right. To unravel a spell is a much longer and intricate process than to siphon one. Even Davina, with her great magic, cannot fight them as each spell she casts, just makes them more powerful."  Freya frowned, "I know you are all right, but Kai is the target. He has to stay here. It would have to be the girls who go down there. I don't even know if they would be willing to go."  "To go to New Orleans, live in the French Quarter, and fight a bunch of Heretics. Something tells me the twins would jump at the chance," Elijah added smiling.  Freya conceded, "I know you are right, Brother.  It's just they are so young. I hate to...,"  Elijah put an arm around her, "They will take good care of them. Let's see what Marcellus and Rebekah think first."  But Freya knew it was the only plan that made sense. A few hours later, Freya and Keelin were also flying down to New Orleans with the twins. Jackson and Ollie were still under the sleeping beauty spell. They hoped that Keelin could add some insight, if the twins couldn't siphon off the spell.  Before she left, Freya got herself together and found Kai. "Hon, can I talk to you?" Freya said finding him up in the game room with the rest of the boys.  "Yeah, sure," Kai said setting down his drink on the pool table. Tyler cringed and quickly picked it up. Elijah would freak out if they damaged the felt again.  Freya led him out to the art studio across the hallway.  "Kai, I don't know if you heard, but I'm dropping off your sisters in New Orleans for a while to stay at our house in the city. The siphon vampires have spelled some wolf friends to sleep and are demanding Malcolm back as a trade. I know you said you didn't know who he was, but can you recall anything that may help," Freya asked.  "No, I think he's just another one of the family. Lily talked about him more like a son. I think her lover was named Jules or Julian, something like that.  I don't know if he was dead because no one talked about it," Kai revealed.  "Thanks, that's helpful. So, I'm taking Keelin in case she can help the wolves. But the girls maybe down there a little longer. Do you want to say goodbye? I can go with you to talk to them?" Freya asked hopefully.  "I don't think they want to see me," Kai confessed.  "Oh hon, I wish you would tell me what's going on. I hate to see you all not speaking," Freya said gently.  "Sorry, it's not dangerous or anything, I swear. Just like the cigarettes, I did something stupid," Kai blurted.  Freya hugged him tightly. "Call me anytime. That's nothing you could do that is that awful that I would turn my back on you. Being in this family means always and forever."  "My evil witch family wants me back, don't they? For the merge? You don't have to protect me. I know how much they need this," Kai pointed out.  "That's why you are staying here. My brothers will protect you and take care of you. Listen to them and trust them. They have dealt with enemies much tougher and deadlier than your parents. Also, Kol is going to 'talk' to you before bed tonight. Maybe if you won't tell me what is bothering you, you can tell him," Freya said holding his face in her hands. Kai looked so innocent, but she knew he had done something that was eating away at him, She hated to leave, but felt like she had no choice.  "I'll try. I know I can't lie to him, that's for sure," Kai joked. Freya swatted Kai on the upper thigh lightly.  "You shouldn't be lying to me, either, Malachai Parker. Now, go back in there. I'll call you tomorrow. And know tonight, I'll be thinking of you. I love you," Freya said firmly.  "I love you, too," Kai answered back as she kissed him goodbye and sent him back into the game room. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Finn and Henrik's roomVanessa and Elijah were barely recovered from the sleep over when the boys got into a huge screaming argument in their bedroom. They were supposed to be resting and off of their devices. They could play quietly, read, or sleep, but Elijah wanted the tv off and kept their iPads in another room to charge.  "What's going on? There is no need to scream like that," Vanessa said calmly.  "He threw my iPad on the floor because I wouldn't let him play it," Henrik whined.  "Why do you even have it? This should be in the study charging, boys," Elijah scolded.  "We just wanted to play one game!" Finn yelled.  Elijah was done with this.  "This disobedience, defiance, and disrespect ends right now. We haven't even talked about some of the things that happened last night year and here you are misbehaving again," Elijah said heavily.  "Don't take the iPad!" Henrik shouted as he tried to snatch back his device from Vanessa.  "First of all, don't yell at me in that voice. We don't raise our voices to you and we will not be spoken to like that. Second of all, forget about your screen time. I think your devices and tv time are done for the rest of the day. Now, you can both stay in this room until one of us comes to get you," Vanessa said turning to leave. It was jarring to see the dresser without the mirror that had been broken last night.  "What if we have to go to the bathroom?" Finn wailed.  "You can go to the bathroom, then back in here? Any more whining and you will be standing in the corner," Elijah promised. Elijah was tempted to say more, but lecturing them did no good.  Vanessa and Elijah got into the hallway and looked at each other.  "One year no more sleepovers?" Elijah suggested.  "Two years no more Fun Town?" Vanessa retorted.  "We're mean people. But God, Vanessa, are they turning into Kadan and Preston? We can't let that happen," Elijah swore.  "I know. I say no tv tonight. If they keep up the three Ds, then you spank the big one, I spank the little one and we put them to bed right after their bath tonight. No more putting up with this or we're going to be packing pull-ups and getting screamed at like the dad yesterday," Vanessa warned.  "Wait, so Kadan doesn't have a medical or other issue with the diapers...," Elijah started.  "No, the nanny told someone that he is just too lazy to get up at night and the mom told him not to worry about it," Vanessa admitted.  "No! That is awful. Where does it end? Okay, no more of this for our boys. From now on, defiance, disobedience, and disrespect and they are getting consequences. I know they are a little tired today from last night, so I'm willing to give them a small amount of leeway, but taking that iPad was direct disobedience. Oh Vanessa, have I told you how much I love you lately?" Elijah purred kissing her neck.  Vanessa smiled, "Yes, but you can tell me again!"  "I love you and I can't do this without you," Elijah said seriously.  "Dear, I've told you before, that you don't have to. Shit, are they are arguing again? Let's go back in there. From now on, we're a united front," Vanessa remarked.  "Indeed," Elijah said opening up the door for her. The boys were arguing again. They got them settled down and had them apologize to each other. Elijah talked to them about the sleepover and warned them that they were running out of warnings. . "Now, let's talk about the iPad. You did something you knew you weren't allowed to do. That's direct disobedience," Elijah started.  "But we just wanted to play one game!" Finn argued.  "Finn, you don't seem to understand that you still broke the rule and disobeyed us. It doesn't matter what you wanted. We don't want you watching tv and on electronics all day," Elijah stated.  Henrik groaned, "That's not fair. It's our stuff!"  Vanessa turned to look him in the eyes, "No, it's not yours. Toys are a privilege. You lost that privilege today. You can lost it anytime you show us you can't handle it." Henrik made a face and screamed, "Just give it to me! I want to play my games!"  Vanessa pulled him in front of her, "Maybe we need to go a week without our iPads. I don't like your tone or behavior, young man."  Elijah said to Finn, "Do you understand what Vanessa is saying? Or do you need a spanking to make things a bit clearer?"  Finn groaned, "No, it's our stuff. Not yours." Henrik said, "Yeah!" Elijah nodded to Vanessa and the vampires pulled both offending boys quickly over their laps for a brief lesson in respect. It had been a while since either had been even swatted, so they were both shocked to feel their backsides smacked.  Although, they were not spanking hard, they gave each boy twice their age so Finn got twenty smacks and Henrik 16. Henrik sobbed loudly from the start whereas Finn stubbornly tried to refuse. He lasted about six cracks in before tears dripped from his eyes out of frustration. He still felt he didn't nothing wrong. Finn had been spanked harder in the past, this time was odd because it was over his pants and Vanessa and Henrik were in the room. Finn realized that he had thought that he wasn't able to be spanked again since it hadn't happened in so long. In his mind, he was immune and this was a great insult to his pride, although it didn't hurt much at all. "When you are told to do something, you obey, or you will get another trip over our knees," Elijah lectured.  Vanessa added, "You need to start listening and stop talking back. You can ask questions in a respectful way. But no more whining." Vanessa often asked them to repeat their requests without the whining, so she felt like they knew the difference.  Vanessa finished Henrik's spanking first and led him to stand in the corner. She wanted to comfort him, but she also needed to know that he learned his lesson or he was going to get a harder spanking in a moment.  "Keep your hands at your side. I want you to think about why you got a spanking and how you can avoid another one in the future. And you better have an answer or I'm going to smack your behind again, only this time your pants are coming down first," Vanessa warned.  Henrik's sobbed died down into a series of hiccups and hitched breaths.  Elijah finished with Finn and held him in between his legs. "You know, I was tempted to spank you several times yesterday. I didn't because I wanted you to have fun with your friends. However, the next time you act like that I will take you to another room and put you right over my knee," Elijah promised.  "What if my friend is bad," Finn whispered.  "Finn, that's not my issue. I'm not responsible for your friends' behaviors, just yours. I wouldn't punish you in front of your friends, but they could get sent home or have to wait while you are in time out or getting a spanking. So I think your best bet is to make better choices," Elijah suggested gently.  "Sorry, Daddy. Maybe I shouldn't even try to have friends, they just get me in trouble," Finn blurted as he finally broke down and cried. Elijah put him on his lap and held him. He knew navigating through friend territory was not easy for Finn.  "Hey, bud. Friends can pressure you and get you in trouble. I know that. But they are the ones who help you and that you can have fun with. I know you wanted to join soccer this year and some other activities. That means more friends, and more issues, but also more fun," Elijah said rocking him and rubbing his back.  Vanessa plucked Henrik from the corner, "Tell me why you got a spanking, my boy?"  "I got the iPad when we weren't allowed to have it and then argued. Sorry, mommy," Henrik said in a teary voice.  "It's okay, baby," Vanessa said scooping him up in her arms. She had forgiven him completely. He had called her mommy before at night and a few other times. She hugged him tighter and let him cry softly. For a moment, it was only the two of them. She knew that she hadn't given birth to him, but she took care of him and loved him as her own. This was the first time she had ever smacked his backside perhaps, but she had bathed him, wiped away his tears, fed him, and listened to his endless questions about the world.  A few moments Elijah came over with Finn who apologized to Vanessa and even Henrik. She hugged him tightly, as Elijah picked up Henrik to ride downstairs on his shoulders. It was time to make dinner.  Finn ran ahead to find the dog and Elijah put Henrik down to follow him. Neither seemed to give the slightest indication that a half hour before that were crying and had been smacked.  Elijah looked at Vanessa, "My dear, you were crying?"  Vanessa felt her face and wiped away the moisture, "Oh my, I didn't realize that I was."  They walked downstairs hand in hand together. DinnerDinner was subdued. Tyler and Connor went to Caroline's house. Jeremy and Matt went to Alaric and Jenna's place for dinner. Freya, Keelin, and the twins were on route to New Orleans. This only left Klaus, Penny, Erik, Kol, Kai, Elijah, Vanessa, Finn, and Henrik. They still ate in the dining room, but there were a lot of empty seats.  "Penny, you're not eating," Klaus said pointing at Penny's green beans with his fork.  "I'm not hungry," Penny countered.  "Eat your beans, at least," Klaus said eating his.  "No!" Penny growled.  "Penny, let's have a nice night. I thought we could paint together since the girls are gone. But if you are going to misbehave then I suppose you can spend the evening in your room," Klaus retorted lightly.  Penny made a show of eating the beans. "Thank you, sweetheart," Klaus smiled. Erik rolled his eyes. His father still had a tendency to spoil and cater to his pretty, little sister.  "Shut up, Erik!" Penny said flinging a forkful of said beans at him.  "Penny! That is enough!" Klaus reprimanded in a stern voice.  Penny began to sob at the table until Klaus picked her up and carried her to the stairs to sit on his lap.  Kol, Erik, and Kai talked about sports and Vanessa and Elijah talked to the boys about school.  "She'll be okay, Penelope. Nothing will happen to Dana," Klaus vowed as he let go of Penny.  "You promise?" Penny asked sharply.  "Yes, I do. Now, can we go back in there? You need to tell Erik you are sorry. He's your brother, not just from living here, but from blood. He loves you and you are not to treat anyone like that," Klaus reminded her.  Erik came out to the foyer, Klaus got up and left Penny standing. He clapped Erik on the back and went back in the dining room.  "Sorry," Penny said softly.  "It's okay. I'm not here about that. Penny, the full moon is coming up and I was wondering. Do you remember anything about what the Guerreras used to say about the full moon? I know we can turn anytime now, but there is something special about turning on the full moon. I asked Dad and he doesn't know. i was just wondering," Erik asked.  "No, just that the vampires should watch themselves on that night. Not really sure what it meant. Maybe Dana would know more?" Penny's eyes filled with tears.  "You really love Dana more than anybody else, don't cha?" Erik commented.  Penny shrugged. Erik went on and lightly put his hands on her shoulders. "You know that Dad is right, Connor and I are your blood. Don't you ever wonder what Mama was like? What your life would have been like if they hadn't have took you away from us?" Erik pressed.  "Not really," Penny scoffed shrugging out of his grip.  "Well, maybe someday you will," Erik said shaking his longer blond hair behind his ears. Although, Penny had black hair and pale skin whereas Erik was blond and tan, they had the same nose, mouth and jawline. Her eyes were a dark blue and his were blue-green, sometimes gray, but they were both deep set. "I doubt it," Penny said walking back to the table. _________________Kai's Room 10pmKol braced himself to do this. He had promised Freya that he would spank Kai again and try to figure out what he was hiding. It was hard because he was fond of the boy. The only thing that helped is that Kol had witnessed Kai going ballistic on Rachael this morning. That had been uncalled for. Kol had watched ESPN with Kai and Erik after dinner. Then, he told Kai to take his shower and put on his pajamas. Erik had done a double take. After Kol went to his room, he turned to Kai.  "You're just getting it now, man? From this morning?" Erik pressed.  Kai flushed from his neck to above his ears, "Nah, I also got it this morning and now I'm getting another ass whupping."  Erik winced, "Ah, that's gonna suck. Good luck, Kai. I guess, welcome to the family."  "Thanks, I think!" Kai laughed.  Now, that it was time, Kai was again feeling like he couldn't just take it. Kol had spanked him before, but with the paddle and soap still on the bed stand, Kai was even more nervous. "Sorry, lad. I know this isn't easy. I'm not even sure I'd be able to thrash you again if I hadn't heard the way you spoke to your sister. That was not cool, mate," Kol chastised him.  "I shouldn't have done that. Are you really going to wash out my mouth with soap?" Kai asked pleadingly.  "Aye, you don't think you deserve it? Come on, let's go into the bathroom," Kol said solemnly.  Lily had washed out Kai's mouth before so he thought he knew what to expected, but Kol did it differently. He ran hot water over the newly unwrapped soap. He instructed Kai to take down his pants and underwear. Kai hesitated and couldn't do it. Kol grabbed Kai and yanked his pants and underwear to his knees. Kai couldn't help but try to grab on and keep his pants up. Kol understood the urge, but still turned the boy to the side. Kai's backside was lily white, even despite Freya's ministrations this morning, so he swatted his bottom once hard on each cheek. "Don't fight me or this is going to be harder on both of us," Kol said firmly. Kol grabbed the soap with a wash cloth and told Kai to open his mouth. Kol put the soap in his mouth. He guided him into the corner with the bar of soap in his mouth. Kai thought he could just clamp it in his teeth and not really taste it. His hands went to massage his smacked rear. Kol ordered Kai to moved his hands. Kai just couldn't move his hands fast enough. Kol's hand was hard and his behind was already stinging. Kol simply began to swat his thighs until the boys moved his hands.  "Hands on head. Do not let go of the soap in your mouth," Kol demanded now landing some firm spanks right on Kai's unguarded behind. These burned fiercely and Kai began to stomp from foot to foot.  "Do not move and think about why you are in the corner, getting a hiding and have a bar of soap in your mouth," Kol ordered as he went back into the bedroom. Freya had given him some salve for Kai and left a paddle in the room for him. Kol's hand ached a touch from just the smacks he had applied to Kol's bare bottom already.  Kol got a towel for the salve and dimmed the lights. Kai could go to bed directly after his spanking. Kol was dreading this, but it was taking his mind off of the witch situation in New Orleans and any danger Davina might be in.  Kol went back into the bathroom and found Kai gagging on the soap. He had been there, it was awful.  "Okay, mate. You can spit that into the sink and rinse," Kol said. The after taste would be impossible to wash out, but hopefully Kai would remember the punishment the next time he wanted to call someone a bitch.  Kai rushed to the sink the best he could with his pants at his ankles and spit and rinsed, Kol gave him a towel. Kol told him to go to the bathroom if he needed to and meet him in the bedroom. Kai didn't need to go, but took a minute and turned to check out his rear end. He saw a few red handprints already and wanted to puke from the soap taste in his mouth. Trying to walk like this was embarrassing, but Kai made it out to where Kol was waiting at the bed. He was in the same position he was in from before.  "The towel is for the salve. It will help make sure you don't get any bruises or marks. Just get over my lap, like you did before," Kol said as Kai threw himself over his lap. Kol smeared on the salve and let it soak in.  Kai felt the salve get rubbed in and it already soothed the slight stinging from the short spanking he got in the corner. "Okay, lad. Tell me why I am having to miss my sports tonight to give you a paddlin'?" Kol joked.  "I swore, had smokes, and got more than three strikes today. Also, Freya thinks I'm hiding something and wants me to talk about it, but I don't want to be a snitch," Kai said slowly.  "Did you apologize to your sisters?" Kol said rubbing the round paddleball paddle over his bare behind.  "I tried. They want nothing to do with me," Kai said tearing up. He was already stressed and scared. He thought about his conversation with Matt about his late sister and felt even lower. Kol tapped the paddle lightly over his cheeks and Kai tensed. "Don't clench, it will hurt more," Kol cautioned. Whap!  "I can't help it," Kai cried as he felt the burn from the first impact of the first smack.  Whap! Kai wiggled and tried to get up. Kol was already paddling a lot harder than Freya did this morning. Kol's left hand held him down. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Kai was kicking and shifting his behind out of the way, but there was no where to go.  "Settle, lad. We're just getting started," Kol said pausing and tapping the paddle on Kai's sensitive undercurve.  "No, please. Freya already spanked me," Kai wailed. He was bucking and panicking all of a sudden.  Kol began to swat him randomly all over Kai's rear. When Kai really jerked or screamed out, Kol swatted the top of his thighs. Kol noticed Kai trying to tear off his anti-siphoning bracelet.  "None of that lad," Kol said. He pinned Kai's arms behind his back and continued the vigorous paddling. Kol was swatting hard and fast and after three minutes, Kai was sobbing and wearing himself out from kicking. Kol paused.  "Now, ready to talk to me, Malachai? Believe me, you couldn't have done anything worse than what I've done myself," Kol said. He put the paddle down and was rubbing Kai's sore cheeks. They were mostly pink, but there were some red spots and he didn't want the boy to bruise.  Kai wailed louder and then the whole story spilled out. Kol was shocked, "The lads were betting as to who got paddled first?"  Kai laughed through his tears, "Well, yeah, who went past three strikes and got in trouble."  "And you wanted the money?" Kol said still rubbing softly.  "A little and I wanted everyone to think I was a winner. Now, look at me. I can't even tell my sisters apart. I guess they switch places all the time. By the way, maybe someone should tell Freya that they dress like..., well, they break the dress code when they leave the house. I think one of them already got a lunch detention because of it," Kai blurted. He was letting it all out. "Back to the bet, so you wanted Dana to help you so Rachael would get a spanking for your cigarettes? Mate, that's low. What did the girl do to you?" Kol pressed.  "She's just been a brat to me. But now that I think about it, it's been Dana, the whole time. I'm sorry, Uncle Kol. I'm a dick. Are you going to tell Uncle Klaus?" Kai asked turning to look at Kol. Kol spanked him across both cheeks hard. They weren't finished. Whack! "Eyes front!" Kol yelled as Kai yelped and wriggled.  "I'm sorry," Kai cried. Kol now tapped Kai's behind.  "I feel like my brother needs to know. Kai, he loves his kids and believe me for every time he give them a stern word or a swat on their behinds, they get ten times that amount of hugs and words of affection.  And quite frankly, they've been getting away with much too much misbehavior and a little wake up call with do them good," Kol said with certainly.  Kol felt a moment of jealously, he hadn't been close to his own father since they found out he was a siphon. As if Kol had read his mind, he said, "Hey, lad. I'm here for you, too. Freya is here. Our brothers are here. Believe me, always and forever means being there through thick and thin. Sometimes, it can be a lot, but you're not alone.  You said you were a dick, no, you're not, our dad was a dick. Never a shred of love or affection from that man. I felt like I never had a father for a long time, but my brothers stepped up. Sometimes I resented them, but they were there to correct me when I needed it, which was often. I'll do that for you. I love you, buddy," Kol promised.  "Thank you. I love you, too. I want to be better. I hate feeling like this, so bad and rotten to the core. I want to be good," Kai confessed.  "Let's take care of that. You're going to pay for what you tried to do to your sister and then let the guilt go," Kol said firmly. Kai tensed.Smack! "It was wrong to try to plot against your sister," Kol said. Smack! "But they turned the tables," Kol stated. Smack! "You tried to lie," Kol went on.Smack! "You cursed and threatened, falling into anger," Kol said plainly. Smack.  "Now, let it go," Kol demanded as he descended into a volley of light, fast smacks.  "Arggghhh, owwww, nooo! S-stop!" Kai groveled. Spank! Spank! Spank! Spank! Kol picked up the paddle and said, "Last four with the paddle, okay?  But only if you forgive yourself."  Pop! Pop!Kol swatted Kai's sit spots once and then again. POP! POP! "Are we done here? Did you let it go?" Kol asked. He released Kai's hands.  Kai yelped, "Yes, sir. I d-ddid." Kol heard the truth from Kai and threw the paddle on the night stand. He grabbed the jar of salve and applied another layer to the very red behind in front of him. He might feel this tomorrow morning at school.  Kol gently stood up Kai and pulled up his pants. Kai did groan and try to rub the sting out but was then carefully pulled down on Kol's lap. Kol hugged him and Kai did put his head on Kol's shoulder and cry a little more. Kol used another towel to clean his face off with one hand.  "Hey, I was hard on you, but we all make mistakes, Kai. Your sisters will come around. Now, anymore smoking will get you a worse licking that this, so I hope you learned your lesson," Kol warned.  "I did, Uncle Kol. I swear, I'll be really good. I'm going to focus on learning magic and catching up in school. You won't have to spank me again, I swear," Kai said with conviction.  "I hope not cause I can still feel the heat radiating off your behind," Kol joked rubbing the seat of his pants.  "Owww, very funny," Kai smiled slightly as he yawned.  Kol put him in the bed on his stomach and covered him up. Kol patted his back for a few minutes, Kai started to protest that he wasn't a baby, but feel asleep before he could speak. Kol kissed him on the head. He did love this boy who was full of mischief, but also dreams for the future. Whatever happened, they couldn't let his Gemini coven family sacrifice him. Kol was exhausted himself and a little drained. He took the paddle and was going to take it back to the kitchen, but decided to see if Nik was up. He knocked and Klaus opened the door. Looking at the paddle, Klaus quipped, "What'd I do?"  "You arse. It was for Kai. I gave him quite the shellacking tonight and I found out something you should know," Kol said.  "Come in, Brother," Klaus said quietly. Kol quickly told him everything Kai had relayed.  "Well, leave the paddle. I guess I ought to just bend all five of them over the bed and spank them. Freya would have felt horrible if she disciplined Rachael wrongly. So silly of them to do this. Also, I need to cut their allowances, they have too much money," Klaus admitted. Kol set the paddle on the coffee table.  Klaus was concerned, "You look tired, Baby Brother. Come here." Klaus sat on the bed and pulled Kol to him for a tight hug. "It was hard...I like the kid, I...love the kid. To have to punish him. I even washed out his mouth with soap before I paddled him," Kol said shakily.  "Shh, shh, he needed it, sweetheart. We both heard him this morning. He was crying out for some limits and some attention. Then, he needed to be rid of the guilt. I know it's hard, but you did him a kindness of sorts," Klaus whispered.  "I hope I don't have to do it again," Kol admitted.  "You might. But that's okay, because Kai will know you are there for him. He's a lucky kid, Brother, to have you looking after him. You know, I never saw this side of you until I had Jeremy, Tyler, and Matthew here...But you have become a true uncle to them, as well as a friend. I hope that someday, somehow, you and Davina have children, because you are a great father," Klaus said kissing him on the side of the forehead.  "Thanks, Nik," Kol yawned. "Come on, Brother, it's bedtime," Klaus said.  "Oh, my apologies, I'll leave you," Kol said tiredly.  "Nonsense, you'll stay," Klaus smiled. He got up and turned down the bed and helped Kol in. Klaus turned off the lights and go in also.  "I'm scared for her, for Davina," Kol whispered.  "I know, Kol, but she'll be okay. Did you feed enough tonight?," Klaus asked as he pulled him in closer. Klaus ached for all the times he had hurt his little brother, daggered him, shouted at him, ignored him, and abandoned him. He hoped that he had made up for all of it, if not, he would continue to try. Kol didn't answer, as he hadn't. So Klaus did the thing that always put Kol to sleep fast. He bit into his wrist and fed him. The powerful hybrid's blood entered Kol's system and soothed his hunger and anxiety. They fell asleep and didn't wake up until the next morning. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Sunday, January 14, 20117:26amKlaus' QuartersElijah came in quietly. Somehow he wasn't surprised to find both of his brothers in Klaus' giant bed.  Sadie had gotten used to Kol taking his out early in the morning and when he hadn't appeared, she came in Elijah and Vanessa's room. Elijah was ready to get up and make his big breakfast and took her out anyway.  "Any news, Brother?" Klaus asked stirring in bed.  "Not yet," Elijah said. "The contractors will be here soon, so prepare for everyone to get woken up early today.""I'm not sure about that, these kids can sleep through a hurricane. Actually, didn't Marcel and Kol actually sleep through a hurricane in 1910 or so? Maybe it was 1911?" Klaus said getting up. "You were right the first time 1910, over a century ago now. So what did our little brother do? I thought he was behaving himself," Elijah asked tenderly.  Klaus looked confused a moment, "Ha, no, he actually had come in from thrashing Kai. I didn't thrash him."  "Oh," Elijah said chuckling. "That's good to hear. Well, I suppose not for Kai..." "Turns out my boys have been a bit recalcitrant. They were casting bets on which child would be the first to get punished after getting three strikes. Guess how much they were betting?" Klaus prompted. He started getting dressed. "Twenty dollars?" Elijah said playing along.  "$500!" Klaus said in a low voice. "I ought to spank them just for gambling."  "Where are they getting so much cash?" Elijah fumed.  "Allowance? Lunch money? Extra chores? I think from now on, any of their excess money needs to be banked. The pot must have been thousands. So it gets worse. Kai bet against Rachael and then...," Klaus started.  "Set her up to get busted for the cigarettes!" Elijah gasped.  "But he was actually dealing with Dana, because the twins have been switching so they turned the tables on him, which is why he flipped out yesterday," Klaus finished.  Elijah and Klaus stepped out into the hallway and shut the door to allow Kol to continue to sleep.  "Clever of the the girls, I suppose," Elijah said shaking his head.  "No, it gets even worse, they bet against him also, so when Freya took the paddle to his misbehaving backside yesterday. They won a considerable sum," Klaus revealed.  "Which they are probably spending now in New Orleans on God knows what. Did anyone tell all this to Freya?" Elijah cringed.  "No, I think Kol is going to call her or text her later.  Brother, I think I'm going to smack the whole mutinous lot of them today. What if Rachael did get punished by Freya because her own brother set her up? Freya would have felt awful," Klaus griped.  "Indeed. These boys need to focus more on their studies and their chores than engaging in these silly antics. Kai's new tutor, I believe, is coming today," Elijah mentioned.  Klaus admitted, "I have my hands full with Penny. Without Dana, she is sullen and morose all over again. I don't know what to do with her." "Vanessa and I spanked the boys yesterday afternoon for using the iPad without permission than screaming over it. I'll tell you, seeing how poorly behaved those friends of their were, was a bit of a wake up call to us. I'm not saying to smack Penny, but don't be afraid to lay down the law a little," Elijah cautioned.  "Vanessa also spanked them? Isn't that a first with the boys?" Klaus asked in shock.  "Yes, it was. Henrik even called her mommy after. She's been so terrific with both of them. If it wasn't for her, they probably wouldn't be in school or be on the road to being typical kids," Elijah gushed. "That school has been wonderful. Penny doesn't even complain about it, which is remarkable in itself. I was tempted to call Camille and cancel our plans for today. I wasn't sure she'd want to be around if I was going to discipline the boys, but if she is to be their mother, I guess it can't all be sunshine and roses. Penny sometimes clings to Camille and sometimes pushes her away. I wonder how different it will be when she is here all the time?" Klaus asked.  "All I can say is that with the two boys, I couldn't do it without Vanessa. I think Cami would be a big help with Penny and the boys, more than you realize, Niklaus. Get her a chance to get to know them better. Sure, you can't expect her to walk in and take over their discipline, but she can be a friend to them," Elijah offered.  "You're right. I don't think I've given her a chance. After all, the whole three strikes idea is what she grew up with. It's never like she judged me or tried to change who I am," Klaus realized.  "Give her a call, invite her to stay the day. However, you might have to explain why Kol is still sleeping in your bed," Elijah laughed.  Klaus called Cami and asked if she wanted to come over right away. She agreed. Klaus went to wake up Penny and the boys. Dining RoomKlaus pulled Kai aside out of view of the other boys before Cami arrived.  "Kai, Kol told me about what really happened with your sisters and the bet. I want to applaud you for telling the truth. I'm sure that wasn't easy. As you might imagine, I am not too happy with my boys for starting this nonsense. I intend to have a talk with them this afternoon. Sometimes my talks end with me expressing my disappointment on their backsides," Klaus shared.  Kai cringed, "Uncle Klaus, they are going to know it's my fault. Please, if you punish them, you have to punish me also. If you don't, they will hate me."  Klaus knew that Tyler especially could be a tad unforgiving and domineering, Kai was perhaps right to worry that the boys could turn against him. "I'll explain to them that it wasn't your fault," Klaus tried. But even to his own ears, it sounded lame.  "No, please. I don't want them to hate me. They are the first friends my age that I've ever had. If you whip them, whip me too. I won't complain. I swear it," Kai begged.  "Oh Kai, I'm not going to whip anyone but there is a good chance they will all get paddled. From what I understand, you already got punished twice. Do you really want to risk a third spanking just to avoid the risk of the boys blaming you?" Klaus asked softly putting his hand around the back of Kai's neck.  "It's worth the risk. Please, just cover for me the best you can," Kai begged.  "Fine. I have a feeling my sister will not be happy if she finds out about me spanking you for something you've already been punished for, so I may have to ask you to cover for me. But I'll do it, only because I can see how important this is to you," Klaus promised.  Kai hugged the centuries old vampire, "Thanks, Uncle Klaus!"  "I'm not sure you will be thanking me tonight, but you are welcome," Klaus laughed.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"It's about time my Empress got here," Klaus said kissing Cami's hand.  "Your Empress dropped everything to get here, so kiss me and shut up," Cami giggled.  Penny gasped, "You said 'shut up'!" She had seemingly appeared out of nowhere and was standing behind Klaus and Cami in the marble floor foyer.  Cami flinched and inwardly groaned, "I'm sorry, Penny. I was just joking. It was a bad choice of words. How are you?"  "Bored. I don't have anyone to play with. Dana left," Penny complained.  "We can play some games later, if you like. Or watch a movie?" Cami suggested.  "Yeah, okay," Penny smiled slightly.  "Penny, go get started on your packing. I need to speak to Camille alone a moment," Klaus said turning the little girl towards the stairs.  "But that's boring," Penny snapped.  "Penelope, I will be up to help you when I can. Now march up there and get started. Don't make me ask you again!" Klaus said firmly.  "Ugh! This is...stupid," Penny grumbled as she went up to her room to continue packing for the move to the fourth floor.  Klaus looked at Cami apologetically. "I'm sorry. Since Dana left, she getting like her old stuff again." "I'm sorry, Klaus. I can tell you're tense. What's going on?" Cami said with worry in her eyes. Klaus led Cami over to the empty dining room and they sat down in the dim light a moment.  Klaus took a breath and told her about the boys' making bets on their punishments and Kai's involvement.  Cami was horrified, "You know, I'm kind of irritated that they think they can make a joke of out their punishments, when you agonize so much over being fair to them and doing what is right for them. My parents used the three strikes on Sean and me and believe me, it was no joke to us, even in our teens. And that amount of money, it's obnoxious. Maybe they need to go get jobs in fast food like other kids their age making a couple of bucks an hour after taxes?"  "You're angry. I don't think I've ever seen you so vexed about something," Klaus said trying not to smile. Her angry was charming and refreshing, especially since it wasn't aimed at him.  "I am for you, my love. Those boys need a dose of reality. What if Freya had spanked Rachael unjustly because of this silliness? They must all have too much time on their hands. I'd give them all extra chores and a sore butt as punishment for this," Cami fumed.  "I was thinking a whack or two with the paddle to remind them that it's not a joke," Klaus said soberly.  "I'll give them three strikes for mocking the three strikes. Klaus, you aren't bringing them up to be a bunch of spoiled brats, but that is how they are acting. Is there anything I can do to help?" Cami asked out of concern.  "Can you help Penny with her room? Or just entertain her while I deal with the boys? Thanks for just being here," Klaus said softly. "Of course. I would love to. I'm sorry you have to deal with this. I know how upset you get when you have to do this," Cami said kissing him.  "You can comfort me after," Klaus smirked, holding her tightly and not wanting to let go.  "Do I have to dump ice water on you?" Cami giggled as he pulled her on his lap.  "The answer to that would be a yes. Maybe we do have time for a quick interlude in my room, eh?" Klaus asked.  "A quick one. Then, the kids, okay?" Cami laughed. Klaus picked her up and vamped her up to his bedroom and locked the door behind them. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Kai's RoomKol came by to get some of his clothes in his old room. He was happy to be moving upstairs. This room was darker and smaller than many of the other bedrooms. His new quarters upstairs had a really nice patio, a great bathroom, and lots of natural light. It was also closer to Davina's room.  As Kol dug through his drawers looking for various items, Kai told him about his conversation with Klaus.  "You're willing to take a third hidin' so the boys' aren't angry with ya. Mate, you sure you know what you're getting into?" Kol smirked lightly.  "Not at all. But I figured I don't really have a choice," Kai admitted.  Kol stopped and put down the t-shirt he was holding, "Lad, you always have a choice. Really, the boys may be miffed at first, but they would forgive you. Tyler's a hothead and Matt follows his lead, but the the other lads wouldn't be overly vexed towards you." "I just don't want them to see me as the snitch. I had promised Matt I wouldn't tell and then I did," Kai confessed.  "If it had been Matt over my knee getting paddled, he would have done the same thing. You think I didn't know how to break you, how to get ya to tell the bleedin' truth? I did because I was the lad who had been you many a time. So with the tables turned, I made you tell me against your will," Kol smiled.  "Really?" Kai asked feeling less culpable for talking.  "Really," Kol said tossing the shirt at him. "You can have this one."  "Thanks, Uncle Kol," Kai said holding up the shirt.  "Go see the guys and play it cool. I think Nik is planning that talk with them pretty soon," Kol said eyeing his watch.  "Will do," Kai smiled as he took off down the hallway. He never realized how important it was to him to have friends. Now that he had a taste of it, he wasn't going to lose it so soon.  "Hey Kai," Tyler said as Kai came in.  "Hi, whatcha doing?" Kai asked sitting on the little couch.  "Nothing. Just watching this movie," Jeremy answered.  Klaus came in a second later. Cami went down to check on Penny.  "Hey lads, come upstairs with me. I think it's time we had a talk," Klaus said.  "Dad, are we in trouble?" Matt asked nervously. Connor turned off the tv and mouthed at Tyler 'fuck.' Tyler shook his head.  Erik said, "All of us, Dad? I was going to see if our laundry was done.""Yes, Son. All of you. Let's take the elevator," Klaus said leading the way.  "Should I stay?" Kai asked, maybe he should just leave? He wasn't one of Klaus' sons. "This involves you, too, Kai," Klaus said firmly.  "Okay," Kai said making a face at Matt.  When the elevator opened on the newly renovated fourth floor, the boys were surprised to find a slew of workers hammering and going back and forth. There was no indication that anyone was up here. The workers must have used the staircase on the side hall.  "Let's see what you think of your new room," Klaus said guiding them to it. He opened the door and the boys were blown away. The room was huge and actually sectioned off. There was a sunken floor section that had a study area, a fire place with a flat screen over it and a sectional couch area that could be moved around. There were several chairs and a small sink, refrigerator, and microwave on the wall area.  There was a little dog area for Sadie with food and water bowls. She had a little dog bed that was heated. Erik smiled, "Thanks, Sadie is gonna love this. Y'all this is the best."  "Your gaming systems will be in the game room across the hall, but I figured one little tv wouldn't hurt," Klaus smiled.  "Wow, thanks, Dad. It is awesome," Jeremy enthused. There were actually two bathrooms with full showers and bathtubs and two sinks each. There was a bathroom located on each side of the bedroom.  "Two bathrooms! This is awesome," Matt yelled.   The bedroom had six single beds, but a loft area above with two large beds above. There was a ladder and a slide, as well as a basketball hoop suspended from the ceiling.  "This is really cool. Dang, I don't want to leave this," Tyler whispered.  Klaus put an arm around him, "You can always come home or up here anytime you want. You always have a place here." It was looking more and more like Caroline was determined to stay at home so her mother could help her with the twins. They still had a few months left, but she was starting to show.  "The two loft beds are for when you have friends over. It also reminded me of the loft I slept in with your uncles and aunt when we were children," Klaus recalled.  There was a door on each side that led into large walk in closets.  "Why don't you guys all have a seat? I'll show you the rest later," Klaus said softly.  "It's really great," Connor said sitting down.  "So, I'm glad you like it. I wish we didn't have this conversation, but I think you probably have a clue what it's about...," Klaus said looking around.  Tyler flushed, "Dad, the whole bet thing was on me,-"  Matt and Connor especially shook their heads. Jeremy smiled, "No, man, it was all of us. Ty, you're not taking the fall. Besides, Dad can tell when you are lying. Right, Dad?"  Klaus smiled at Jeremy, "Right, Son. And you have no need to lie. The thing with the girls and Kai...Sibling against sibling. Plotting against one another for money? Shameful. Making a mockery of how I am trying to instill some consistency and structure to your lives. I'm sorry if it is silly to you that I give you two warnings before I give you consequences..." "We weren't mocking that, Dad. We're sorry. It was just a joke that got out of hand. It's not silly to us," Matt swore.  Klaus smiled wryly, "Thank you for that, Matthew. I hope you know I am trying my best. I won't speak to our father, but I will tell you that our mother had no compunction in punishing every single one of us together when she thought us sorely in need of it. If any of you feel like there is any reason you are innocent in this incident, speak now." "We have nothing to say, sir," Connor said looking chastened already.  "I will be cutting your expenses somewhat and asking that you deposit your excess spending money in saving accounts. No good comes out of children having that much money to waste. I have one more thing to show you and then you all taking a nap. After that, you can start moving your things up here," Klaus directed.  "A nap? Really?" Tyler questioned. The only time they took a nap during the day was when they got... "So I had the carpenters make something new. Unfortunately, you're not going to care for it much. I thought it can hang right here in this secret little cubby to remind you all to behave yourselves a bit better," Klaus said standing and walking over to a panel in between the closet. Klaus pushed his palm in a certain place and the panel opened.  The boys all groaned, "A new paddle! Dad, are you kidding?"  It was a 22 inches x 3 inch maple paddle with human burned into one side and hybrid on the other. It was only a 1/2 inch thick so it was not as heavy as it looked.  "The hybrid side is treated with vervain and wolfsbane to cause a little more of a burn. One paddle to unite them all," Klaus quipped.  "Oh my god, did you just make a Lord of the Rings reference?" Jeremy cried in mock horror.  "Yes, boys. Things are going down. Look, it even has a cord," Klaus said proudly.  The boys settled and realized that they were going to be experiencing this new paddle in a moment.  "In all seriousness, this will only come out for special occasions. Now, I want the three of you Connor, Tyler, Erik here and then Matt, Jeremy, and Kai over here. Pants and drawers done," Klaus ordered.  None of them wanted to be the one to whine, so they all remained silent. "Just to be clear, you are getting paddled for running bets which could have resulted in people being wrongly accused and punished. Plus, you know better," Klaus clarified.  Klaus waited for all of the boys to shuck down their pants and underwear and bent over the made beds.  Klaus flipped the paddle to the human side and tapped it against Kai's bare behind. Whap! Whap! Whap! Klaus used his wrist action more than arm strength to swat the boy across both cheeks.  Then, he swatted Jeremy and then Matt quickly. Jeremy wiggled a little more and Matt almost seemed on the verge of popping up with the last smack. They all stayed down in the end and remained in position. Their backsides all reddened immediately and Klaus left them leaning over the bed while he turned to his hybrid sons.  Flipping the paddle the hybrid side, he tapped Erik first and then more slowly applied three smacks.  Thwap. Thwap. Whwap. Erik grunted a little with the third swat. Klaus was putting a little more strength into it on account of their hybrid strength.  Tyler got the next three and then Connor took his swats stoically. As with the humans, Klaus left them bent over the bed as he put the paddle back in the hidden compartment. No one but he would be able to open that compartment. Klaus did that, so the boys wouldn't be tempted to destroy or try to lose the specially made paddle.   "Okay, boys, you can pull up your pants," Klaus ordered. "Come give me a hug and then, pick your bed for nap time."  Erik was the quickest to pull up his pants and hug Klaus.  "I love you, Erik. No more of this behavior," Klaus said hugging him softly.  "Love you. Sorry, Dad," Erik said sincerely.  The other boys came over and hugged Klaus and then got in a bed. The smacks stung, but none of them cried from the pain. Kai hung back awkwardly at the end, not knowing exactly what to do. "Come here, Kai," Klaus said softly. He hugged Kai just as tightly as he hugged his sons. "I love you and I expect better behavior in the future," Klaus winked. "Now, it looks like this is your bed. Under the covers." Kai felt very cozy in this new bedroom. They boys could also choose to sleep in the loft above, if they wanted. Kai felt safe and like he belonged. He fell asleep quickly and did not dream of prison world.  Klaus sat on the edge of Kai's bed until he heard him fall asleep. He listened and they were all asleep except Tyler. Klaus went over and said, "Do you need your backside heated up more, young man?"  Tyler smiled softly, "No, Dad. I guess I just wanted to say sorry about this again." "It's over. All forgiven. How's your behind really?" Klaus asked patted him gently.  "Burning a little, but not as bad as anything with the salve," Tyler admitted.  "I just wanted to make a point. No more bets that could get people hurt," Klaus said. "Okay," Tyler agreed. Soon, Tyler was asleep and Klaus had to fight to avoid sleeping next to him. He wanted to check on Cami and Penny. Klaus was hoping that the rest of the day would be pleasant and he could spend some quality time with his girls. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Family members can be your best friends, you know. And best friends, whether or not they are related to you, can be your family."                              -Trenton Lee StewartSunday, January 14, 20114pm"I won! I won!" Penny screeched happily. Cami had brought over some old board games she had in her condo a few weeks back. Penny really liked Candy Land and it was something that Penny usually pressed Dana into playing with her. "Yes, you did, again! Are you sure you didn't cheat?" Cami asked in mock surprise. "No, Cami, it's just a game. That would be stupid," Penny said solemnly.  "Yes, it would. I think I'm tapped out on playing Candy Land today. Want to do something else? You were going to show me your drawings, weren't you?" Cami asked helping Penny put away the game pieces.  "Yes!" Penny said popping up to get her mini-portfolio in the art studio upstairs.  Klaus walked in the room a few minutes later, "More Candy Land?"  "No, we're done. I was beaten soundly three times. I cannot take another defeat," Cami winked.  Klaus bent down and kissed her on the cheek and whispered, "I cannot take you leaving again, my love. Will you stay again tonight?"  Cami laughed and said, "Maybe? How'd it go with the boys?"  "They seemed to really like the new bedroom! The new paddle I had made for them, not so much," Klaus admitted.  "No, another one? Klaus, tell me you're joking," Cami begged.  "No, but it's got one side for humans and one for hybrids so I thought it would come in handy. I went very easy on all of them and then made them take a nap. Camille, aside from Tyler, they all fell asleep in minutes! They must be up half the night fooling around...I wonder if they take advantage of the fact that when you're here that I don't lurk around the house at night checking on them," Klaus smiled.  "Or maybe they just were worn out and tired? How about this? I'll stay over tonight and we'll both check on them at least once. Will that work?" Cami offered.  "Yes, it would. You make me very happy. Where's Penelope?" Klaus asked.  "I'm here, Dad!" Penelope bounced in with her portfolio.  "Ah, your artwork. Camille, get ready to behold a great artist. Penny, show her your self-portrait," Klaus suggested.  Penny showed Cami her work and basked in the attention of being an only child for once. Elijah and Finn came in and Penny also showed them some of her work. Klaus and Penny decided to go upstairs and paint.  "We should see if Jeremy wants to join us?" Klaus added.  Elijah offered, "I'll go get him. I wanted to see how they like the new bedroom." "Can you wake them all up, Brother? I don't want them to have trouble getting to sleep tonight," Klaus mentioned, as Penny showed him some drawings of the full moon.  Henrik came in with Sadie, looking for Finn.  "She's going to ruin my pictures," Penny yelled.  "It's fine, luv. I'll hold the dog," Klaus promised.  "Get her out of here," Penny shouted.  "Penny, there is no need to yell. We're all listening to you," Cami said firmly.  "No, you're not! Get the dog out," Penny screamed.  Klaus looked at the boys, "Boys, would you please take the dog out of here? Penny-,"  Penny crumpled up her drawing and threw it at the dog.  "Hey, that's enough. You march yourself into the corner, young lady. Now!" Klaus yelled. Penny scowled and made no attempt to obey him. The boys were frozen. Vanessa came to see what the yelling was about and got the boys out of there with the dog.  Cami was alarmed at the young hybrid's behavior, "Penny, your father told you to do something. I think you ought to do it before he starts counting."  "One," Klaus said calmly. Penny just crumpled up another paper and threw it.  "Two," Klaus continued. Penny rolled her eyes and laughed.  "Three," Klaus said finally. Penny kicked her portfolio over.  Klaus went to hold her arm and started to lead her to the corner. Penny began to kick and fight him.  Klaus leaned down, "Sweetheart, calm down and then we'll-"  Before Klaus could finish, Penny had spit in his face. He wiped the spit off and shaking his head at Cami, he walked to bathroom to wash off.  Cami walked over. She knew the hybrid child was stronger and possibly lethal to her, but she had to try.  "Penny, I want you to try to breathe slowly and calm down," Cami said in a measured voice.  "Cami, I didn't mean to," Penny wailed, suddenly overcome.  "I know. Now you need to go into the corner like you were told," Cami said pointing to the corner.  "But I don't want to," Penny whined.  Cami grabbed Penny's arm and spun her to the side and smacked the seat of her pants hard. Whack! "No! Cami, don't!" Penny said, her blue eyes wide with surprise and dismay.  Cami's hand stung and yet she doubted the hybrid even felt it, aside for a brief moment or two.Whack! This time, Penny threw her hands back with her fingers splayed to protect her bottom. Cami grabbed her hands and moved them up with her left hand. Whack! Whack! Whack! "Now put your nose in the corner like you were told to," Cami reminded her.  "NO! I don't want to!" Penny cried finally moving towards the corner. Cami guided her the last few feet and gently pushed her closer to the wall of the corner to the right of the balcony doors.  "Now stay here while I go talk to Daddy," Cami directed in a soft voice. She heard Penny start to sniffle and sob as she walked away, but the girl stayed in place.  "Klaus, hon, are you okay?" Cami said in a low voice stepping into the elaborate marble bathroom.  "No, Camille. I don't think I am," Klaus said sadly. His blue-green eyes were troubled and sad.  "She didn't mean it. Come here," Cami said putting her arms around his waist.  "What do I do, Camille? She's so angry, so hateful. She's always pushing me. It's almost as if she wants me to...," Klaus stopped. He couldn't understand what this child needed from him.  "Wants you to stop her? Wants you to punish you? In a way, I think she does. She's testing you maybe, to make sure you won't go away. Oh Klaus, maybe I've given you awful advice. She was aggressive toward Sadie, for Christ's sake, and then spit in your face. I just don't know...," Cami admitted. She was a therapist, but yet the child was half werewolf and half vampire. Maybe there was a different set of rules? "I'm okay. I'm calm enough to talk to her," Klaus' eyes fell on a pink sparkly bath brush, it would be simple enough to give her a swat or two with that and call it a night, but then Klaus shook his head. "I can't strike her Camille, or punish her, until we know what is causing these outbursts."  "Klaus, it's okay. You don't have to. We'll talk to her and see what's going on," Cami said running the tap to splash water on her own face.  Klaus turned his head quickly and vamped out.  "Camille!" he called. Cami ran in the room and saw the balcony doors agape. Penny was gone. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Boys' New Bedroom EarlierElijah walked two flights up to the almost renovated fourth floor. He entered the boys room and veered left to where the bedroom area was located.  He, himself, loved the loft idea. It did remind him of their own loft a thousand years ago. Elijah had even splurged on some fur type blankets, like the kind they had used at home. Of course, these were faux fur, but still very soft and warm. He hoped the older boys would let Finn and Henrik stay up there a night or two. They would really get a kick out of it.  Elijah opened the door in the dim room. His vampire eyes did not need the light. He was unsurprised to find all of the boys still sleeping. Elijah didn't want to mention it to Klaus, but he had caught the boys with their tvs on, using their cell phones, and up late at night. Technically, they were in bed, but we they sleeping, no. They'd let it go on the weekends, but these habits seemed to creep into school nights. Kai opened his eyes and whispered hello to Elijah.  "Hi Kai, what do you think? Like the new room?" Elijah said quietly, sitting on his bed.  "Yeah, it's pretty awesome. Thanks for letting me stay here," Kai added.  "Of course, Son. I'm sorry that we had you stay in Kol's old room so long. We should have moved a bed in one of the rooms," Elijah realized.  "It's okay. I'm used to being alone, I guess," Kai tried to say.  "Well, you're not anymore, alright? I know you had a rough day or two, but that's over now. I believe your tutor is going to be here soon," Elijah mentioned looking at his watch.  "Oh yeah, jeez, I just hope I can sit on those chairs!" Kai joked.  "Are you still sore? For real, tell me the truth," Elijah pressed. Kai turned and rubbed his posterior a bit.  "Yes, sir. I mean, I got paddled three times. It aches," Kai said soberly.  Elijah looked around briefly before biting into his wrist and opening a vein. He offered it to Kai, who drank deeply. He instantly felt a tingle in his backside and felt it heal.  Elijah tussled his hair, "That never happened, but I also think you broke a record for getting spanked around here."  "Is there a prize?" Kai retorted.  "You just got it. Now, help me get these other guys up and then you can get ready for your tutor. We'll have you in med school in no time," Elijah joked.  "I'm up," Matt groaned, "Hey, Uncle Elijah, nice set-up. You guys did good. The younger boys will like the slide." "Thanks, Matthew. It's a little different, but you guys are only young once. Jeremy, your father wants to paint with you," Elijah said shaking him gently.  "Ohhhh, five more minutes," Jeremy groaned.  "Were you on that phone last night?" Elijah questioned with a hard stare.  "No, sir. I was reading Johnathan Gilbert's diaries, though," Jeremy admitted. Elijah swatted his backside lightly through the blankets.  "Oww! We're very tender, you know," Jeremy moaned. "You will be if you don't move. Come on, up now. You gentlemen can start moving your things up here this afternoon," Elijah prompted.  Connor and Erik got up and bounced on Tyler's bed. "I'm up! Stop!"  Elijah felt his cell phone buzz in his pocket. It was Vanessa.  "Yes, dear...She what? We'll be down," Elijah said quickly. "Penny has taken off. We need to get down to the second flood immediately. Your father had taken off in search of her, but no humans should be left alone. Do you hear me, boys? Penny is a hybrid and if she is in a state, she could be dangerous. Mind me on this," Elijah warned.  The boys agreed and they split and half took the elevator and half the stairs.  Elijah raced to get to Vanessa and the boys. Cami was with them.  "Klaus took off after her. She threw a fit when the dog came in the room. She went to attack the dog. She got furious when Klaus tried to put her in the corner and spit in his face. He went to the bathroom. I swatted her a couple of times and thought she was settling down and went to check on Klaus. Then, we came out and the balcony door were open. She was gone," Cami cried.  Connor came in, "Can she get off the property?"  "Yes, it's designed to keep bad guys out, not keep us locked in. She could have probably scaled the fence or just used the passcode to get to the road. Connor, why don't you and Erik see if you can help your father? I'll check the video footage," Elijah said heading for his study.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson Mansion Property4:26pmKlaus was getting nothing. No scent, no trail, nothing. He reverted to calling out, "Penny! Penelope! Answer me, sweetheart!"  "Dad, anything?" Erik said vamping up beside him.  "Nothing, Son. I don't know where she would have gone," Klaus said scanning the horizon.  "I can check the woods. Erik, you do the other side of the property. Dad, why don't you head to the road by the guest house? We have our phones. Call us. Uncle Elijah is checking the video feed," Connor said.  Klaus nodded and all three vamped off. Klaus phone rang. It was Kol.  "Brother, I'm on my way back. I was looking at cars at the auction. Is there anything I can do from here?" Kol asked.  "No, Brother. I can't think of where she would go. Just take the back road to the property and drive slowly. Thank you," Klaus said hanging up.  Elijah called next, "She made it past the gate near the guest house. She put in the passcode and left. She didn't seem angry or upset."  Klaus was troubled, "Oh Brother, you don't think she flipped her switch?"  Elijah frowned, "At her age? It's a possibility. If she did, we need to find her now, more than ever."  "I'm going to try to track her to the road. Can you text everyone what is going on?" Klaus asked.  "Will do," Elijah said. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Fell's ChurchKlaus finally caught Penny's scent near the gate. She had touched it when she put in the passcode. He followed the scent into the woods. Vamping deeply into the forest, Klaus finally found himself near the old remnants of Fell's Church. The church had burned.  "Penny! Answer me. Daddy's not cross with you, just worried. Please, sweetheart," Klaus shouted.  "Hello, Daddy," Klaus heard a voice say. He knew it wasn't Penny.  "Whom do I owe the pleasure?" Klaus said tightly.  "You first? That is, if you would like to see your child again," the woman said.  "Give me my daughter! I assure you that you do not want to anger me right now, madam," Klaus growled, his eyes growing yellow. "I'm Valerie Tulle. It seems that today is my lucky day. My mother had sent me find some land for us to build a home, instead, I found your naughty little daughter. Pretty, but quite a mouth on her," Valerie giggled.  "How dare you lay hands on my child!" Klaus roared. "Oh sir, I didn't not touch her. I did siphon a tiny bit from her, though. You see, she tried to bite me with those nasty fangs of her dripping with venom. She's resting now," Valerie admitted.  "Where is my daughter? Tell me now, witch! Or I shall rip out your spine and beat you with it," Klaus vowed.  Valerie laughed again harder, "You're a lively one! The Hybrid correct? We actually need the boy, the other siphon. I say other because you see I am a siphon. And I became the first vampire siphon. So don't come too close. Your daughter is safe. My brother, Oscar, has her. All we need is the boy, Kai."  Klaus now smirked, "I think you didn't get the message. Your mother, Lily, already made a deal with my son, Marcel. If you don't believe me, call her now. I think you've been a bit misinformed." Marcel had filled in Klaus and Elijah earlier. Valerie called Lily and spoke to her, "But I have the hybrid girl...Fine, sorry, mum. Yes, I understand."  Kol came up behind Klaus, "Did ya find her?"  "Not yet, but this little witch is going to fetch her for us directly. If not, you can take off her head," Klaus promised.  Valerie rolled her eyes, "Oscar, let her go!"  The heavy set Asian heretic appeared after muttering an invisibility spell with Penny in his arms. He laid her gently on a flat rock and backed away.  Klaus vamped over and grabbed her. Kol scowled. Valerie flushed and said, "I would like to convey my apologies for this misunderstanding."  Kol bared his fangs, "Get out of here. You dare threaten a child!"  "We didn't hurt her. She attacked us," Oscar defended as they both disappeared again.  "Thanks for coming, Brother," Klaus said cradling Penny in his arms.  "Of course, let's get out of here. This old church always creeps me out. Do you hear something?" Kol asked turning quickly.  "Just these kids turning my hair gray. Come on, let's get her home," Klaus said tenderly. In his arms, Penny really did look like Snow White, yet Klaus hoped she hadn't eaten a poison apple.  "What was she thinking? Running off like that?" Kol wondered.  "I don't know. It all started when the boys left the dog in her room. She became furious...I don't even want to talk about it," Klaus said tiredly.  "It's alright, mate. I think she's waking up. Hello, luv," Kol said to the groggy girl.  "Uncle Kol, Daddy, what's happened?" Penny gasped.  "Shh, sweetheart, you're alright now. We'll talk when we get home," Klaus promised.  "I think I ate Kai's tutor...It was an accident, Daddy," Penny whined. Penny clung to him tightly. She probably could have walked, but she just let herself be carried for once.
  
    Chapter Text
    Sunday, January 14, 20117pmTyler found the tutor and was able to get Elijah before he bled out. Elijah had run to a secret storage room to get a vial of Klaus' blood in case Penny bit one of the vampires. He healed him and then had Tyler compel him to forget he was ever at the house. Elijah then compelled him again for good effect as his compulsion would be much more powerful than Tyler's. However, he was pleased the boy was practicing. It was a tricky, yet important skill for a vampire to master.  "So I guess I'll be needing a new tutor," Kai said wryly.  Elijah smiled, "I can tutor you myself. I taught Marcellus how to read and play the piano long ago. I'm a little rusty, but I'll try until we can find someone. I think we better let the poor fellow who Penny mauled go for now with a substantial tip,"  "That would be great, if you don't mind," Kai grinned.  Klaus and Kol had brought Penny back into the house with as little fanfare as possible. Yet the smaller boys still ran up manically. Elijah filled in Klaus on the tutor and his condition. Klaus was relieved the man was alive, but terrified at the close call.  "Penny! Where were you? Daddy, is she in trouble?" Henrik asked excitedly.  Elijah shushed him and shooed the boys off to watch tv in the great room. Penny hit her face, as Klaus was still holding her.  Cami was visibly relieved, "Oh thank God, Penny. Are you okay?"  Penny put her head up and nodded.  Klaus sat Penny down at the kitchen table, "Let's get you something to eat and some blood, eh? Then, we'll talk."  Vanessa and Elijah went and busied themselves with the boys. Kol went to check on the older boys. Klaus heated up canned soup for Penny and got her a glass of blood.  Cami sat down beside her, "Honey, you need to drink that. It will make you feel better."  Penny sipped from the blood and slowly at the soup. Cami looked at Klaus in alarm, Penny seemed oddly without affect. Sadie came up and sniffed her and she petted the dog absentmindedly.  Klaus said quietly, "She got siphoned. I'll explain later."  Cami nodded, "Penny, can you say something? Do you need anything else?"  "I'm tired," Penny said after finishing her blood and most of the soup.  "I'm sure. Can you tell us why you ran away like that?" Cami asked carefully.  "I didn't want to be in trouble," Penny admitted.  Klaus sat down on the other side of Penny. "Running from your problems only makes them worse. We were just going to talk to you. Can you tell us why you became so upset about Sadie coming into your room earlier?" Klaus pressed.  "I just didn't want her to ruin everything!" Penny groaned.  "But, you are the one who crumpled the drawings," Cami pointed out.  "I know, but only because I got mad. Can I go watch tv now?" Cami said hearing the television playing in the great room.  "No television tonight or iPad. Penelope, you almost killed that tutor. Do you understand that?" Klaus said directly.  "Yes, but I was mad!" Penny defended.  "That's not an excuse and you know it!" Klaus yelled. Penny's eyes glowed yellow and she glared harshly at Klaus.  They stared at each other a moment until Penny dropped her gaze, "Why can't I watch tv? It's not my fault I almost killed some stupid human. They are prey!" Penny snapped.  "Penny, watch it. You know, Camille is human, as well as Henrik and Finn," Klaus growled. Cami got up to clear the dishes. She thought it was time to pop open a bottle of wine as well.  "She hit me!" Penny scoffed indignantly.  "I smacked you a few times to get you to stay in the corner. You know you barely felt those swats. You need to start taking responsibility for your behavior, Penny," Cami said evenly.  "Fine! I shouldn't have eaten the guy! Now I'm going to watch tv," Penny roared getting up and heading for the great room.  Klaus vamped in front of her and steered her back to the table. Connor and Erik were coming down to take out Sadie and run her around the backyard.  "There will be no tv tonight. I'm afraid to even leave you alone lest you throw another fit and attack someone," Klaus admitted.  "I won't, okay?" Penny spat.  "No, it's not okay," Klaus said.  "Sorry, I spit...on you," Penny said sharply.  "Hi Penny, good to see you back," Connor said.  "Dad, we can watch her for you," Erik offered.  Klaus glanced at Cami, now pouring wine. "That would be nice, Son. I really don't think Penny should be left along." "I don't need a babysitter!" Penny yelled.  "She is grounded to her room with no tv or electronics. She can read and then get ready for bed," Klaus added.  Penny started to whine and protest. Klaus crouched down in front of her. "Penny, you really scared us tonight and almost killed someone. I want you think about how you could have handled everything differently. We'll talk about this more tomorrow and if you don't have some answers, you will get more consequences. Now, you can go outside with your brothers and play for a while and then go up to your room with them. I'll be up to tuck you in," Klaus informed her. "It's not fair," Penny grumped.  Connor stepped in, "Penny, you're lucky you're not getting a licking for this crap you pulled, so you best hush up right now." Penny looked at the faces around her and realized no one was happy with her. She broke down and followed the boys and Sadie outside.  As soon as the door shut, Cami said, "Are you sure they can handle her?"  "No, but I feel like I need a break. I also need to call Marcel and fill him in on these other two siphons who were holding Penny, Oscar and...Valerie, I believe," Klaus said.  "You go. I'm going to go up to the bedroom and take a bath if it's okay with you. I'd like you to join me, but I know you are busy here," Cami smiled kissing him.  "I would love to join you after. Camille, make sure you lock the bathroom door? Actually, lock the bedroom door, I have a key," Klaus said kissing her back. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson Property"We never get to hunt anymore! I got tired of drinking out of blood bags and glasses," Penny whined.  "Penny, you could have killed that dude tonight! What were you thinking?" Erik questioned hotly.  "I wasn't thinking. I just took off. I was so mad and then all of a sudden, it went off. These witches caught me and sucked out most of my magic...Then, Dad found me and carried me back here," Penny said causally.  "You were siphoned?" Connor asked sharply.  "I don't know. I guess," Penny replied.  Erik shook his head, "I can't believe you ain't getting whupped right now. If that was anyone of us boys, we'd be getting it on the bare as-,"  "Watch it, bub!" Connor hollered slapping Erik on the back of the head.  "Sorry, but it's true," Erik held.  Penny was tempted to share that Cami had spanked her while she was in the corner, but they would know that the sting was indeed, as brief as Cami had mentioned. Plus, she was embarrassed to be treated like some kind of little brat. She was still stunned that Cami had smacked her and yelled at her like that. She must have been really bad. Penny felt that if Dana had been there, none of this would have happened.  "When is Dana coming back?" Penny asked as Connor threw a ball for Penny to chase.  "Ya know, we're your blood kin, not her?" Erik snapped in irritation.  Connor elbowed him, "Soon, Penny. The girls will hopefully be back real soon. Y'all about ready to go in." "No, I'm bored. Daddy's being mean. I can't even watch tv or nothing tonight," Penny went on.  Erik thought, "How about you come see our new room? We ain't moved in yet, but it's real nice. We even got a loft with a slide in it. Maybe they finished the girls' room? Want to see it?"  "Yeah, okay," Penny said. It was better than just going to bed and doing nothing. Dana was trying to get her to read Black Beauty, but she wasn't into it unless Dana was reading to her aloud.  "Come on," Erik called to Sadie.  "You really like her, huh?" Penny said to Erik about Sadie.  "Yeah, she's my dog. There was a time, she was all I had. Old Connor here was in placement and I was off on my own without a soul in the world to talk to, but I had this beautiful dog," Erik said petting her head.  "Where was you?" Penny asked suspiciously to Connor.  "I got arrested and was in juvie. Look, Penny, you were in the Guerrera place, but we didn't have it mean better. We was always back and forth, running and hiding. Mama was half out of her mind and...well, I'm glad you had Dana with you. It's a miracle that we're all together now. But Erik and I wish that you'd let us make it up to you," Connor said with emotion.  "Why?" Penny said.  "Penny, you're our sister! You're all we have left of our mother. You look like her a little, or maybe what she used to look like before the drugs...Don't you understand? Don't she mean nothing to you?" Erik exploded.  Connor gripped his arms hard, he rarely saw Erik lose it so fast. Without saying a word, he leaned his head down and pulled Erik to him. Connor gripped the back of his head and held him as Erik cried. They had a new family now, full of brothers and aunts and uncles. They lived in a castle and had all the riches they ever dreamt of, but their mother was dead. She never got a second chance, a life free of the Guerreras and the drugs.  Penny stood and watched them a moment. She heard Connor saying things in a low voice to Erik, but even with her hybrid hearing, she couldn't make it out. How could she be sad over a woman she had never known? Dana told her what mothers were like, she thought Cami would be different, but now she knew. All Cami would do is steal her new dad away... Before Connor even looked up from comforting Erik, Penny was gone again. "Oh shit, Erik. Where'd the hell she go?" Connor hissed. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Klaus' QuartersCami got out of the bath, Klaus must have been on the phone longer than he expected. She put on a sheer white robe that he'd bought her at Christmas and wrapped her hair in a towel. Tap. Tap. Tap."I wondered if you'd forget the key," Cami laughed as she opened the bedroom door. But it wasn't Klaus. "Penny? I thought you were going to get ready for bed. You alright, ho-," Cami asked gently. Before she could finish Penny was on her, drinking furiously. Cami screamed. _______________________Second FloorKai was bringing a small box of his new belongings to the elevator to move upstairs. He didn't have much, but he thought he'd move it up tonight. Was that a scream? Kai ran to the sound. He saw Penny on top of Cami drinking her blood and without thinking went to siphon her. He had none of his own power. He got a little power out of her, before she turned on him.  Leaping from Cami to Kai, Penny was still hungry. She had felt different since the witch siphoned her at Fell's Church, free of the anger and other bad emotions that sometimes plagued her. She wasn't sure what happened, but she liked it. Now, she could feed and do what she wanted.  "No, Penny!" Kai begged as Penny's venomous fangs pierced his jugular. She drank fast and deeply. Cami was still conscious and with one hand on her neck, she staggered out. "Help!" Cami yelled. Connor and Erik ran up. Erik bit into his wrist and fed Cami his blood to heal her. Connor went to save Kai. Penny lunged at him and knocked him to the ground. Erik opened the door to the boys' bedroom and yelled for Tyler. Tyler ran to help Connor subdue Penny.  "Erik, get Dad!" Connor roared. Penny was biting and snarling. Cami was healed but her white robe was stained with blood. She crawled over to Kai. "Oh my God, he's dead," Cami wailed.  "Connor, can you hold her?" Tyler asked. Connor nodded and Tyler went to feed Kai more blood. But Cami was right, he was already dead.  Klaus, Kol, and Elijah vamped up.  "What happened?" Elijah asked.  Cami wept, "Penny killed him. He saved my life."  Penny snarled, "You're next!"  Vanessa came in and ushered Cami out of the room to get cleaned up.  Klaus went over and grabbed Penny from Connor. He looked into her deep blue eyes. There was nothing there, no emotion, no 'Penny.' "Her switch is flipped! It must have happened in the old church. Penny, turn it back on. Now!" Klaus ordered, still holding her tightly.  Kol picked up Kai, "No, no, no..." Kai couldn't be gone so soon. Elijah put an arm on Kol, "Don't worry, he'll awaken soon enough."  Klaus, still holding Penny, said, "You healed him earlier? Didn't you, you old softy." Klaus exhaled. Leave it to Elijah to save the day.  "Well, you two and our sister thrashed him three times, how can a boy be purported to study properly that sore," Elijah mused.  "Dad, what's wrong with her?" Tyler asked eyeing Penny.  "Her humanity switch must have gotten flipped off when the witches siphoned her when she ran away. The problem is getting it back on. She'll have to face all that pain and sorrow. In someone so young, she might never be able to turn it on again," Klaus said in horror.  Elijah felt his pocket for the cure. Marcel had sent it to them via courier for them to use on Kai. This wasn't exactly the plan, but it wasn't too far off from the plan.  Elijah spoke first, "What if we give Penny the cure first? She can just be a wolf and mortal again. She can grow up, age, have children, live a more normal life. Kai can take the cure from her blood before it is his time to merge with his gemini twin." Klaus smiled, "I never wanted to admit this, but I wasn't sure if Penny would age as a hybrid. Would she be forever a child? With the cure, she would have a real chance at a life. Being a child vampire is more than a life sentence, it's an eternity. Connor, what do you think?"  "Do it! She's no good like this. The vampire part of her is mean and cruel. She can't be a kid like this forever. It ain't right. Plus, mixed with her training and our Guerrera blood, she's too dangerous as a hybrid. I say give her the cure. Erik, would agree," Connor said in confidence.  Elijah hesitated, "It's not unusual in one made so young a vampire, but I think she has ripper tendencies. Niklaus, I think you are right, she may never willing flip back her switch and let all that pain flood back in. But Connor, you are giving up an eternity with your sister. You may have her descendants to look after, but there is a good chance that she could never be turned vampire again. Can you live with that?"  Connor nodded, "I think she's better off to grow up and be a normal wolf that to be trapped in a freakish child body. I learned a little from the wolves in the Bayou that being a wolf is more than just turning once a month, it being in the pack and obeying your alpha. She needs that. Being a vampire seemed to cut all of that stuff out and bring out the worst in her."  Penny snapped and snarled, "I'll kill all of you. Just let me go and feed. I don't need any of you!!!"  "Kol, you hold her other arm," Elijah said uncapping the cure for vampirism.  The red liquid seemed to bubble and smoke. For a brief second, Elijah almost had the urge to down it himself. But the truth was, he couldn't he remember what being human really felt like anymore. It had been too long.  Klaus knew it would be easier if he snapped her neck, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. He simply held her mouth open the best that he could as Connor helped restrain her other arm.  "Here goes nothing," Elijah said pouring the liquid into her mouth and then putting his hand over her mouth to make sure she couldn't spit it out.  "We don't know how long it will take. Shouldn't we take her downstairs?" Kol asked quietly.  By downstairs, he meant the dungeons. They were nicely furnished, but still underground prison cells. As they began to carry her, Penny softened and fell into a deep sleep. Some of the paleness of her cheeks began to look more flushed and ruddy. Connor pulled out a pen knife and gave it to his father. Klaus pricked her palm with the knife. The small nick did not heal.  "Her curse reverted," Connor said in wonder. Kol groaned, "So she's back to being an untriggered wolf!" "And a tween," Elijah laughed clapping Klaus on the back. Cami came in wearing clean clothes of Vanessa's.  "Is it true? Will Kai be okay?" Cami asked launching herself at Klaus.  "Yes and yes. Penny is just a normal little wolf again. The curse has been lifted," Klaus said tearfully.  Kai groaned on the bed, "My head! Someone turn out the lights."  "Ah Kai?" Tyler said.  "Yeah, what the hell happened? Did Penny attack me?" Kai croaked.  "She actually killed you, but Elijah's blood saved you! Congrats, you're a vampire," Kol laughed.  "Which explains why I'm craving blood and means that I can't merge with my sister!" Kai almost laughed. His gemini coven parents would be screwed now, Dana and Rachael were vamps and couldn't merge...Surely, this wouldn't affect Lucas and Olivia, their youngest set of twins.  Matt and Jeremy came down the hallway. Finn and Henrik also came out with Vanessa, who could no longer contain them. Jeremy shouted, "We've been upstair organizing everything by ourselves...Um, what's with all the blood?"  Kol stated, "It's kind of a long story..." Penny woke up, "Dad, I feel different. What's wrong with me?"  Klaus smiled, "Nothing, sweetheart. You're not a vampire anymore. Actually, you had a cure for your werewolf curse, too." "Cool, can I go watch tv now?" Penny asked.  Kai groaned, "So she's just a wolf and now I'm a siphon vamp! Do I still have to go to school tomorrow?"  Kol laughed, "We probably don't want you killing half the class, so I'd say no."  Penny was still arguing about watching tv and Elijah went to scrub the blood out of the carpet. Kol volunteered to take care of Kai and get him some blood and look after him in the basement level.  Klaus shouted, "Okay, everyone! Excitement is over, go to bed!"  Cami took Penny by the hand, she wasn't sure if she was going to make it to school tomorrow. She was covered in blood.  "Penny, you need to take a quick shower. Are you hungry? Do you want me to get you some milk or something to eat?" Cami asked.  "No, thanks. I am really getting tired," Penny said stumbling. Klaus came up behind her and picked her up. Penny was asleep a moment later.  Cami got a towel and wiped off all the blood she could off of a sleeping Penny.  "Klaus, let's just sleep in here tonight. We shouldn't leave her alone. This bed is big enough for ten people," Cami smiled.  "You're right. She does look like her color is better, doesn't she?" Klaus said putting the little girl in the middle of the bed.  "Yes, she really does. What a night. I hope Kai is okay. He saved my life, Klaus. He's a vampire now because of me," Cami said sadly.  "No, my love, that was the plan to have him get his family off his back. He can still take the cure from Penny's blood in the future, if he wants to," Klaus said.  "Do you think he would want to?" Cami asked.  "No, as a siphon witch, he has no magic of his own. As a vampire siphon, though, he could draw on the magic of his vampire side. It would almost be silly to give them up unless you wanted to have children of your own or age...," Klaus said.  "Do you even miss having children? I mean biological children...?" Cami pressed as they whispered over a sleeping Penny.  "No, I loved Marcel more than myself. We may not share DNA, but he was mine and I was his from that first day I saw him. Yet, I would love to have a child with you. To see a babe in your arms would be the highlight of my life. I won't let you give that up. We'll find a way," Klaus promised.  "I have come to believe that nothing is impossible. Family is everything, yes, but never what you expect," Cami proposed.  "Always and forever," Klaus concluded. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Monday, January 15, 20116:06 amGirls' BedroomKlaus woke up suddenly. He had been dreaming, of what exactly he couldn't remember. Looking for something for someone, he wasn't sure.  Klaus looked over at his girls, now both mortal...They seemed to both be sleeping peacefully. Not twisting restlessly like he did all night, he was surprised he hadn't woken them up. In sleep, Penny was cuddled up to Cami, like flesh and blood mother and daughter. Cami's blond strands cascaded over her shoulder and mingled with Penny's inky black locks. It would be odd for him to see Penny at breakfast without her little glass of blood.  But Klaus was relieved that she had a chance at a more "normal" life, whatever that was.  Klaus figured he should get up and get the boys up and ready for school. He also wanted to check on Kai, now immortal himself, for a while at least. Klaus showered, shaved, and dressed quickly and in the dark, hoping to let the other two sleep as long as possible.  Kol was already in the kitchen feeding Sadie when Klaus got downstairs.  "Kol, how'd he do?" Klaus said clapping him on the back.  "Good. Kai's had about a blood bag so far. The chap is pretty thirsty, but I've held him off the best that I could. He's in good spirits. I guess it's me who is freaked out, if Elijah hadn't healed him...," Kol shuddered.  "Yes, he'd be dead, by Penny's hand. Penny is still sleeping. Cami is with her now, we spent the night with her. I'm not sure what the hell happened yesterday," Klaus admitted.  "Aye, that fit she threw. Was it from Dana leaving, anger, or something more?" Kol wondered.  "I do not know.  When those siphon witches had her, it almost seemed as if they were more afraid of her, didn't it?" Klaus pressed.  "Yeah, it did. It's got to be better now though, right? I mean, Penny's a wolf still, but without the hunger for blood, now we only have to deal with the...," Kol drifted off.  "Wolf temper? We don't even really know exactly how old Penny is. Ten, eleven? I don't know when the wolf temper starts to peak. I guess Tyler and the boys would know better than me, since Mother gave me that sparrow necklace to block mine. But I'll ask Keelin to examine Penny again when she and Freya return. There is so much we don't know about her past. Brother, I just want her to be a normal little girl. Now, she has a chance to grow up," Klaus reasoned.  "That's a good thing. Have you spoken to our sisters and Marcellus? I just wonder if Kai turning gets the Geminis off his back for good," Kol remarked letting Sadie out.  "I'll speak to them today. This was the plan for Kai, but as for the Heretics, I'm not sure we could end them if we wanted to that easily," Klaus confessed.  Kol nodded, "Right. Why don't you check on Kai? I'll make sure the rest of the boys are up."  "It was a late night last night, good luck with that," Klaus laughed.  "I'll think of something," Kol replied. Klaus entered the garage and then crossed over to the elevator that led to the basement levels. He entered the passcode and went to the level that held Kai.  "Kai, I just came to check on you," Klaus said softly. Kai was sitting in a chair gripping the arms tightly. A tv was on and there was an unmade bed in the corner.  "Hi, did you bring me any blood?" Kai asked hopefully.  "Sorry, Son. You know you have to take it easy the first few months. Vanessa kept on a very strict blood diet at first and look how well she is doing now," Klaus shared.  "I get it, Uncle Klaus. I'm just hungry and bored down here. How long do I have to stay down here, locked up? It reminds me of when I was a kid," Kai confessed quietly.  "Oh Kai, I'm so sorry. I didn't even think of that," Klaus confessed.   "It's okay. I don't want to hurt anyone. Like Penny last night, it was so fast. It was scary, really. I'll be fine and now I'm useless to my coven. I can't merge with Josette. But my mind is racing. Will they try to merge our youngest set of twin siblings?" Kai babbled.  "Kai, the heightened emotions you are feeling is part of being a vampire. Slow down. Come sit her on the bed with me," Klaus suggested. He put his arm around the boy and tried to get him settled down.  "Everything sounds so loud and different. I feel like I'll never get used to it. So Uncle Kol said maybe I could go back to being human if I took the cure, but that I'd have to get it from Penny. Is that true?" Kai pressed.  "We really don't know yet. It could be, but that would put you in danger of merging again. So until your parents are not a threat, I'm afraid you will have to remain a vampire," Klaus added.  "Will I always be this hungry?" Kai asked.  "You learn to live with it and then it gets better. Your senses will also settle. The emotions, that's harder to control. For me and Kol, it was rage. We seemed to fall into it quickly and for no reason. For Elijah, he seemed to feel protective and need to be in control. Rebekah felt love and passion. Finn, when he was a vampire, just seemed judgmental and disgusted at the lot of us. I hope for you that you get studious and cautious. Kai, I still hope to see you become a doctor," Klaus reported.  "Really? It's still possible? Wow, okay..." Kai said in shock.  Kol came back down, "You were right. I can't get Tyler and Matt up. I thought they were getting dressed, but they went back to bed." Kol had a small blood bag for Kai, which he eagerly accepted.  Klaus patted Kai on the should and promised he could come out later.  "I'm also planning to keep Penny home today, so Kai, it may only be a few hours," Klaus warned him.  "Anything is fine," Kai said seriously.  "See you lads. I better get those boys up. They would love to miss the miss and 'have to' drive," Klaus rolled his eyes. Tyler had kept his word about not pressuring his dad to let them drive to school again, but having to make sure they didn't miss the bus was also a hassle.  Klaus took the elevator up to the fourth floor. "Hey Dad, how is everyone? Penny? Kai?" Matt asked as he was ready to come down for breakfast.  "So far, okay. How'd you sleep up here? Beds, okay?" Klaus asked.  "Great! Can we get a fish tank? It looks like there is a perfect spot for one in the living room area," Matt enthused.  "Of course, Son. We'll talk about it later. Go get some breakfast," Klaus said kissing him on the head and smiling.  Klaus found Tyler and Jeremy brushing their teeth in the bathroom and Connor dressed and putting on his shoes.  "Morning, Connor. Ah, your uncle and the shoes!" Klaus scolded lightly. Elijah didn't allow any outside shoes in the house. Connor colored, "Sorry, I forgot. How's Penny?" Connor was now taking off his shoes.  "She was still sleeping, when I came up. Actually, can you get everyone off on the bus? I don't want to leave Penny for too long. Say, Connor, do you remember when you started to become angry, like untriggered wolf angry, when you were younger?" Klaus wondered.  "Oh Dad, I was pretty pissed off all the time, starting young. I couldn't rightly say if it was from being a wolf or just the way we come up with mama. Wish I could be more help," Connor faltered.  "No, Son. It was a stupid question on my part. Have a good day. I love you. Where's Erik?" Klaus inquired, looking around.  "I think he's downstairs already. Good luck with Penny and Kai. I reckon, you're gonna have your hands full," Connor grinned.  "Indeed," Klaus conceded.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Girls' Quarters8:20am Vanessa and Elijah got the younger boys off to school. Their goal today was to help get the girls' room ready and get Freya and Keelin's bedroom together for when they got home. They couldn't do that with Cami and Penny sleeping, though.  Cami woke up, "Oh my God, I never sleep this late. Penny, you up, hon?"  "Yes, Cami, what happened?" Penny asked groggily.  "Oh Penny, you don't remember? It was pretty bad, but I think it will be okay. Guess what? You're not a vampire anymore!" Cami said brightly.  "But Dana's a vampire...," Penny vacillated. "But now I don't have to drink blood.""That's true. Hey, we need to get you in the shower to wash off all this blood first," Cami said running a hand through the little girl's hair.  "Was I bleeding?" Penny questioned sitting up and scrambling out of the bed. She felt like her body was heavier and slower without her vampire speed.  "No, baby, it was my blood...Kai's," Cami acquiesced. Penny was alarmed. "I remember! The witches did something to me. I was real mad and I wanted to hurt people. Did I kill you?"  "No, Penny, but Kai...he died. But Uncle Elijah had healed him early and he turned. He's a vampire now," Cami shared.  Klaus came in. Penny ran over, "Dad, I'm not a vampire!"  "I know, luv. Sweetheart, this means you will grow up. Daddy never told you, but as a vampire, you never would have gotten any older. You would have been in a little girl body forever. Now, you can have your own family and grow old as a wolf should. And Penny, you never have to drink blood again to survive," Klaus said picking her up.  "Speaking of blood, I want her to take a shower," Cami indicated.  "Can I take a bath? In the big bathtub?" Penny asked as Klaus put her down with a flourish.  "Of course. I'll get it started. Pick out your clothes and then we'll get you breakfast. Klaus, I guess she doesn't need her hybrid medicine anymore?" Cami proposed. Klaus nodded. Cami went to get the bath ready.  "I suppose not. Here's a little orange juice, darling," Klaus said going into the mini-fridge.  "Thanks. Dad, Am I going to turn on the full moon?" Penny asked.  "I don't think so. It seems that the cure lifted your werewolf curse. I tested your healing yesterday and it was normal to humans. So no matter how angry you get, you must be very careful not to harm anyone. If you kill someone, you could trigger your curse again," Klaus warned.  "I won't Daddy. Sorry about...yesterday. I think the witches did something to me at that old church," Penny disclosed not meeting his gaze.  "But sweetheart, you were quite angry before that, do you remember what set you off?" Klaus asked.  "I just didn't want to get in trouble. People were bossing me around and that dog was...going to ruin my drawings," Penny stumbled. "That's not true," Klaus corrected.  "I don't remember, okay?" Penny shouted.  "Penelope, take a breath. No yelling. We'll talk about this when you are calm. We're going to have a long talk about your behavior, too. But perhaps after you get all that blood washed off you. I hear Cami calling you. Go ahead, luv," Klaus said mildly.  "My behavior? Why don't we talk about your behavior?" Penny muttered under her breath.  "Penny," Klaus warned.  "What?" Penny snapped.  Klaus shut his eyes a moment. "Please, let's have a nice day. I'll clean up in here and then maybe we can go out for brunch." Klaus knew he shouldn't have to plead with the child to behave, but he wanted them to have a nice day. Penny smiled and ran into the bathroom. Klaus stripped the bed and started to load the sheets in the built in washer and dryer in the closet area.  He heard a startled "Oww!" and vamped into the bathroom.  Penny was in the bathroom brimming with bubbled and Cami was holding her hand to her chest. The look on her face was of pain and shock. "Tell Daddy what you just did, young lady?" Cami ordered.  "NO! It was an accident!" Penny hollered.  "Klaus, I tried to rinse her hair and she bit me," Cami said showing him the bite.  "She broke the skin!" Klaus observed angrily. He knew how hard you had to bite to do this.  "Daddy, sorry, I didn't mean to," Penny yelped seeing the stormy expression on Klaus' face.  "You will be. You've gone too far this time," Klaus thundered.  "Klaus, come on, let's go in the bedroom. Penny, rinse your hair and scrub off that blood. Your clothes are there. Get dressed. You have five minutes," Cami instructed firmly.  "Don't leave!" Penny begged splashing water and throwing a tantrum by kicking the side of the huge marble tub.  "Penny, you best listen to Camille. I would prefer not to have to pull you out of that bathtub right now," Klaus admitted.  Cami still clutching her injured hand, pulled Klaus into the bedroom with her good hand.  "She just snapped with no warning! Klaus, look at me, calm down," Cami said. Klaus bit into his wrist and offered Cami his blood. She hesitated only a second before drinking. Her bite healed instantly. "If she was one of the boys I would have pulled her out of that tub and paddled her wet bottom with that bath brush. But Cami, I don't want to scar her more than she is already scarred...But I can't let her hurt people. She almost killed you and did kill Kai," Klaus hissed.  "She's a child, Klaus. I think you're more worried about her modesty than she is. She needs a father now, more than a therapist. I clearly failed in that area...Maybe she just wants me as a mother and not as a... talking head. I know what my mother would do right now and yes, it involves that bath brush.  Kids who can't communicate bite, she's behaving as a spoiled brat. I don't know, Klaus," Cami rambled.  "Camille, she's got only a child's strength now. Why don't you handle her biting you now? Then, dress her and I'll address yesterday. This has gone on long enough. We'll just have to remember that she won't heal," Klaus said glumly.  "Well, she will, just not supernaturally fast. I'm sorry, Klaus, I thought my way of talking and reasoning would benefit her, but I'm afraid it turned her into a bit of a monster," Cami said with tears in her eyes.  "My love, we can't take responsibility for what happened to her before. We've tried. Now, go do what you need to do. I'll wait out here," Klaus promised. Cami nodded and went back into the bathroom. Penny was floating and had not scrubbed off the blood.  Cami rolled up her sleeved and picked up a washcloth. She got a bottle of body wash and poured it into the wash cloth.  "Come here, Penny. I'm washing off all that blood," Cami said in a low voice.  "Daddy healed you?" Penny asked hopefully.  "Yes, he did," Cami replied.  "I'm in trouble, huh?" Penny asked glumly.  "Yes, I think you know you are. Shut your eyes," Cami said as she rinsed off the soap. She washed Penny's hair and rinsed her again.  Cami grabbed the pink sparkly bath brush and set it on the side of the tub. She had two white, fluffy towels. She wrapped one around Penny's shoulder.  "Come on, time to get out," Cami said slowly. Penny eyed the bath brush suspiciously.  "No! Please, Cami...Don't spank me," Penny whined, suddenly alarmed.  "Come her, over my lap. The more you cooperate, the less you'll get with the bath brush," Cami explained.  "No! NO! Daddy! Please, help!" Penny wailed.  Cami sat on the closed toilet lid and put a towel over her lap. She dried Penny's hair and then grabbed the struggling girl and pushed her over her lap. Cami's left arm restrained her. She steadied Penny and rested her hand on Penny's damp rear end.  "Want to tell me why you are going to get a good spanking right now?" Cami lectured as she patted her a few times, barely tapping her.  "No! NO! NO!" Penny screamed in panic. Cami shrugged and began spanking Penny's white, wet behind firmly.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! "AHHHHHHH!" Penny screeched.  Klaus glanced in to see that the child wasn't being scalded to death. All he saw was Cami briskly spanking Penny's behind as the girl kicked and thrashed violently. It looked as if Cami was swatting her very lightly, but quickly. Cami was too busy holding Penny in place to look up. After a minute or two of this pace, Cami paused. Penny's backside was only a light pink in places. But to Penny, her behind did feel scalded and burning. She was used to healing quickly and not having any lingering pains. This wasn't healing fast.  "Stoppppp, s-stttoppp," was all Penny perhaps was wailing, but it was hard for Cami to make out.  "Penny, I'm going to ask you again, why are you getting a spanking?" Cami asked now rubbing her behind with the same hand that was seconds before smacking her.  "Arghhhhh. S-Sorry, B-Biting you!" Penny cried.  "Yes, you know better than to act up like that. We tell you all the time to use your words. You are much too big to be acting like this," Cami said firmly. This time Cami did see Klaus leaning against the doorway.  "S-Sorry! No more. I-I won't bite or a-attack anymore," Penny said as her crying slowed.  "No, you won't because every time you do, you're getting your bare behind smacked. I'm going to give you a few swats with the bath brush so you remember this. It's going to smart, but stay still," Cami said.  "No!" Penny exploded.  "We'll decide that," Cami said picking up the bath brush. Cami tapped it against Penny's pink cheeks from side to side. She aimed for the center of each of Penny's cheeks and swatted down a little firmer.  Crack! Crack! Only using her wrist, Cami smacked the brush down lightly. On Penny's damp behind, even the light crack smarted and made a popping sound.  Crack! Crack!Penny screamed in shock. It wasn't a deep pain, just a little sharper and louder than the hand spanking.  Crack! Crack! The bath brush left a little more color on Penny's cheeks. Cami put the brush down and motioned to Klaus another minute. She would get Penny dressed and Klaus could have his talk with her.  "Penny, I'm going to help you get dressed, but your punishment isn't over with. This is going to sting a little. You're doing fine. After, Daddy talks to you, it's all over," Cami said as she put a shirt, underwear, and leggings on Penny.  Penny wasn't in terrible pain, she was just feeling some burning and she rubbed the seat of her pants.  Cami led her out to Klaus, he was sitting on the bed that he had remade while he was waiting. He opened his arms to her and held her between his legs. Penny's face was streaked with tears and blotchy from crying  "Penny, we both love you so much. But Camille is right, you are going to get a spanking worse than this if you ever attack someone again. Do you understand?" Klaus asked firmly.  Penny sobbed and nodded. "I won't attack anyone. Sorry, C-Cami. Sorry, D-Dad. I shouldn't have spit on you either or ran away. I was going hurt those witches, but they made me fall asleep."  "When you get angry, use all the techniques we taught you, counting, breathing, walking away...okay? Now, I'm going to finish up your spanking," Klaus said pulling her quickly over his knee after pulling down her pants and underwear. He needed to see what he was doing.  Ignoring her protests, Klaus swatted her across both cheeks ten times. He swatted harder than Cami and by the end, Penny was wailing again. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Klaus left her bottom red where he had swatted and led her to the corner that she had escaped from yesterday. This time, they would watch her.  "Ten minutes. I want you to think about why you got a spanking and how you are going to avoid another one," Klaus informed her.  Penny's hands crept down to her bottom and Klaus moved her hands back to her side after popping her backside again. Smack! After the ten minutes, Klaus picked her up out of the corner. "I'm sorry. No more, no more. I won't attack anyone or get mad," Penny wailed. Standing in the corner was the worse, she'd rather get spanked. "You can get angry, just follow the techniques we taught you instead of lashing out. We love you, sweetheart, but you can't hurt people. That's not you. You are mortal now. Things are going to be better for you, I promise," Klaus said.  Penny nodded and Klaus picked her up on his lap. He hugged her and kissed her. Cami got a wet rag and wiped her face. Klaus then put Penny on Cami's lap, though she was a little too big.  Cami whispered, "I love you, honey. Are you okay?"  Penny nodded, "Daddy spanks a lot harder than you, except for that bath brush. Throw that thing away. Rachael won't even know," Penny rubbed but the heat was already fading even without her vampire healing. Rachael scrubbed her dead skin away with that bath brush. Penny wasn't sure what that meant, but it sounded gross. "I bet. Just don't make me do it again, alright?" Cami said softly, patting her behind gently.  "I won't. I'll be good," Penny promised. Klaus and Cami smiled at each other over her head. That was unlikely.  "Okay, are we ready to go out? Where do you ladies want to go?" Klaus said.  "Fun Town?" Penny asked in excitement.  Klaus and Cami groaned in unison.  "Maybe if you can behave for the week, we'll consider it. I meant restaurant wise," Klaus clarified.  "The Grill!" Penny shouted.  Cami smiled, "I think we can handle that. Maybe we can get ice cream after?" 
  
    Chapter Text
    Monday, January 15, 20111pmKlaus and Cami took Penny to the Grill for lunch. Elijah and Vanessa were getting ready Freya and Keelin's new room. The new girls room on the third flood was almost ready.  Kol took Kai out to hunt.  "The most important thing is to use your senses. Listen to the animals, their breathing, and their heartbeats. They are quick and will smell you, but you are quicker. If you lay still, you can catch them by surprise. We can be still for longer than humans can, use that. You practice. I'm going to call Freya," Kol told Kai as they walked in the back woods of the property.  "So I can drain what I can catch?" Kai asked.  "Aye, that's the idea, mate," Kol replied as he dialed Freya.  "Sister, how goes it?" Kol said into the cell phone. He would never really understand how these things worked, to him they were more magical than supernaturals, but also so convenient. "Not sure how much progress we've made down here. But the wolves are okay. Rebekah has me out shopping. I bought Niklaus a lovely scarf. I got you those weird socks you like and Elijah a hat. How are the kids?" Freya asked brightly.  "Ah, that's what I'm calling about. Don't get alarmed. Everything is...fine now," Kol started.  "What happened?" Freya cut in. "Tell me." She stepped away from the group for some privacy.  "Kai turned yesterday. It's kind of a long story, but Penny went bloody bonkers and...," Kol continued.  "Kai turned! He died. Oh my God. Kol, what the hell happened? Did Penny...kill him?" Freya gasped in horror. She tried to keep her voice down as people watching past were looking at her. "Yes, Elijah had slipped the lad some blood to heal him earlier. Penny lost it and attacked Cami, Kai tried to protect her and she drained him. There's more," Kol faltered.  "There's more!" Freya exclaimed. "We're getting on the plane shorty, but tell me."  "Ah, Penny got siphoned by two more of Lily's so-called children and flipped her switch, so we gave her the cure. She's not even a werewolf anymore," Kol announced.  "Really? Oh, well, that's a relief. We can't have a hybrid running around with her flip switched. How's she doing? How's Kai? Oh Kol, I need to be there," Freya muttered as she paced on the street. "Klaus is out now with Cami and Penny. He mentioned something about her biting Cami. I think he finally gave her a hiding. I have Kai outside with me now. I'm teaching him to hunt," Kol shared.  "Hunt? Kol! No!" Freya shouted into the phone. A man pushing a baby in a carriage verged away from her in alarm. Freya didn't notice. Rebekah was listening and came to stand next to Freya with a questioning look. Freya held up a finger. "Not for people, woman. Small game," Kol laughed.  "Kol, I swear, you are going to give me a heart attack. Can I talk to Kai?" Freya asked anxiously.  "Hang on," Kol vamped to Kai and handed him the phone. He had finally caught a rabbit and had drained it.  "Hello," Kai said wiping his mouth with his sleeve. Kol cringed and slapped him on the back of his head lightly for staining his shirt.  "Kai, how are you feeling? I'm so sorry I'm not there, honey. I'll be home as soon as I can get there," Freya promised. Freya mouthed to Rebekah "We need to go now." Rebekah nodded and texted Marcel to arrange the jet. Hearing the emotion in her voice, overwhelmed Kai a moment. He turned away from Kol and took a second to compose himself. "I'm okay. Really, just hungry. But Uncle Kol helped me catch a rabbit," Kai said clearing his throat.  "A rabbit? Wow, okay, hon. Hang in there. Love you. See you soon," Freya said quickly.  "Love you. Bye," Kai said. He was touched that she was so eager to get home to him.  Kol clamped him on the arm, "It's okay, mate. Remember what I told you, your emotions are going to be just bigger. It's alright."  Kai nodded, "I feel bad. I just realized that I didn't even ask about Rachael or Dana."  "This is your first day as a vampire, Kai. It's okay to be a little self-centered. You have the rest of eternity to make it up to them," Kol said as they headed back to the house.  "What's it like? Living forever?" Kai asked.  "It can be heaven or hell, depending on what's going on. My advice, focus on the present. Come on, I need to see to Sadie and get you settled before everyone gets back," Kol said.  "At least I didn't have to go to school today," Kai laughed.  "Don't worry. I heard Nik tell the other boys to make sure they got all your school work," Kol retorted.  "Great," Kai groaned. However, he did want to keep up with his work. He had to if he was ever really going to become a doctor.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Girls' Bedroom/Third Floor"So do you think it's ready?" Elijah asked. "I do," Vanessa said as she sat on Elijah's lap. "I think the nice thing about this room is that the girls can put their own stamp on it. They can be together, yet also have a little privacy if they want it."  Like the boys' bedroom, this bedroom was also three different levels.  There were two bathrooms. The bedroom area was four little cubbies that could be closed or opened depending on what the girl wanted. They had everything done in fours in case Davina chose to room with the other three girls when she returned to Mystic Falls. There was storage space and built in reading lights and charging stations. Elijah and Vanessa were in the living room area now and it had a small fireplace with a flatscreen. There were on a white leather sectional couch that rested on a fuzzy white rug. The coffee table lit up and had a mini-fridge under it. On the side was a little coffee station with a sink, microwave, and popcorn machine.   "You know the part they are going to like best, right?" Vanessa laughed. "Yes," Elijah groaned, "The closets. Everyone is obsessed with the rotating closets." These closets rotated, not only shoes, but the clothing. Klaus had had the same designer in to create the closets that he had do Rebekah's original room, which was soon to be Freya and Keelin's room.  "What time are Freya and Keelin due back?" Vanessa asked.  "I'm not sure. She said she'd text when they got on the jet, but I haven't gotten anything yet. It's a little sad that Penny is going to be up here by herself with the twins still in New Orleans," Elijah mentioned.  "She could always stay in the older boys' old room by Finn and Henrik until they get back," Vanessa suggested.  "That's true. I'll suggest that to Niklaus," Elijah said, nuzzling on her neck.  "We can't!" Vanessa said.  "Why not, dear?" Elijah inquired.  "This is the girls' future  room," Vanessa pointed out.  "You're right," Elijah picked up Vanessa and vamped her down to their bedroom. They had about an hour before the boys got home from school. ^^^^^^^^^^^^Klaus, Cami, and Penny got home around 1:45. They had eaten at the Grill and then went shopping.  Klaus reminded Penny, "You know you are going to school tomorrow?" Penny nodded, "Yeah, duh!"  "Want to try that again?" Klaus scolded.  "Yes, Dad. I know I have to go back to school tomorrow," Penny said impatiently.  "Uncle Elijah moved your things up to your new bedroom. Want to go check it out?" Cami suggested.  "Yes! Let's go," Penny exclaimed and she took off running upstairs.  "I was going to see if she would take a little rest, but she doesn't seem like she's slowing down. We need to get her a treadmill," Cami joked.  "We need to do something. She wore me out. I'm going to go find Kai and then rest myself," Klaus said kissing her. "Thanks for staying today."  "I've never called off work before. They probably think I'm dead. Ha, I almost was but....Sorry, bad joke," Cami grinned and hugged him around the waist as she like to do. Klaus had looked pained when she had said that. He couldn't stand the thought of losing her.  "Cami, come on!" Penny called.  "Coming!" Cami said, pulling away from Klaus.  Klaus poured himself some blood from the frig and looked out the back door. He saw Kol and Kai walking back. Klaus sipped from his mug and opened the sliding glass doors.  "Catch anything, lads?" Klaus asked.  "Like Gonorrhea? Or was that just you?" Kol quipped. Klaus grabbed his brother and put him in a headlock. To Kai, he said, "I can still give you a hiding, you know?"  Kol struggled to get loose and laughed, "I know. Nik, let me go!"  Klaus let him go and asked Kai how he was feeling.  "Good. I did catch a rabbit actually," Kai clarified.  Kol asked, "We spoke to Mama Freya. She's on her way back. Quite concerned about this one." Kol said putting an arm around Kai.  "Aye, she's probably worried you will corrupt him," Klaus retorted.  Kol took this as a challenged and tackled Klaus to the ground and pinned him.  "Got ya there, old man!" Kol bellowed.  "Bloody hell, watch the furniture. If we smash another chair wrestling while the kids are at school, we're gonna have a hell of time explaining that to the ladies," Klaus laughed dusting himself off.  Kol smirked, "I'll just blame you." "I'll deny it," Klaus went on.  "Well, I best head downstairs," Kai said.   Kol got serious, "I'll take you down."  "Nah, that's okay. I can make it," Kai assured him.  "No, mate. Kol will take you. It's not that we don't trust you, but the bloodlust can distort things," Klaus pointed out.  "Okay," Kai said. It had crossed his mind to escape. He didn't even know the passcodes to the gate so effectively he was a prison...unless he siphoned someone. Klaus noticed the look on Kai's face. "I'll come down, too. The more the merrier, eh?"  Kol grabbed a blood bag and they started down to the basement level.  Klaus said, "Kai, just give it a few more days. Then, you can start to mingle more. Maybe a week or two and you might be ready for school again."  "That's what my parents said when they first locked me away," Kai remarked.  Kol gripped his arm. "Mate, I won't leave you alone. Okay? I'll stay on the other side."  "Really, you would do that?" Kai asked. "Aye, I will. Like Nik said, in a couple of days, it will settle down. This is the worst part. You indulge now and you have a better chance of being a ripper," Kol informed him.  "That's what Lily and the other Heretics were. She told me that's why the Gemini coven trapped them in the first place. They killed like 4000 people in Europe in a couple of months," Kai shared.  "Really, that's quite a lot," Klaus admitted.  Kol gave Kai the blood bag and then shut him in the room. It had clear walls and air holes so they could talk. Kol went over to the bed on the side and sat down.  "See, this isn't so bad. My brother builds nice dungeons, huh?" Kol joked.  "I've had a lot of experience with them. Perhaps I just have too many enemies or...," Klaus paused to let Kol say his line.  "Or left too many witnesses. God, I am a bad influence. Kai, ignore me," Kol begged.  Klaus sat down on the floor outside of Kai's cell. "Kai, tell us more about these Heretics. So they were rippers and now they are a family?" Klaus pressed.  "Lily is just a vampire, no witch at all. She said before she was turned, she was just a mother dying of TB. She got married real young to some jerk, who ended up really rich from timber mills or something. But she still wasn't happy. She said basically that he was an abusive asshole to her and their sons. Lily didn't talk about her sons that much. But she did talk about Malcolm, her first vampire son..." Kai strained to remember. Kol cut in, "What I don't get is why this family is so devoted to her? They call her Mother yet they are no relation?" Kai nodded, "Yeah, it's weird. I guess she saved a lot of the siphons' lives after their families rejected them. Then, she treats them like her own kid when weaning them off the blood from being a ripper. She has real strict rules. So when you obey her, she is nice, but when you don't, she will punish you."  "By punish?" Klaus asked.  "She would sometimes ignore them when they made her mad or shut them up in a bedroom alone. I think she did things to them, but not right in front of me. But one time the girls got into a cat fight and she made them all stand against the wall and then she was soaking these sticks in water...I think she made Beau hold the girls down, but I'm not sure because she made me leave," Kai admitted.  "A birch rod?" Kol said looking at Klaus, "That's certainly old-fashioned. They must have had a hazel bush nearby." A birch rod was actually a bunch of sticks tied together. This Lily didn't play around.  "Whatever it was, it was bad because the girls didn't sit for dinner that night and no one said anything. So I never asked..." Kai drifted off.  Klaus said, "It's okay, Kai. Go ahead and rest. Call me on my cell phone if you guys need anything. The boys and Penny will be home soon. Thanks for the information. It's a big help."  "You got it," Kai said pleasantly. He was tired. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^In the jetOne Hour from VirginiaFreya felt like something wasn't right. She didn't like the tone in Marcel's voice. Why hadn't the girls said goodbye? "Keelin, something is wrong," Freya intoned.  "What?" Keelin asked.  "No, I mean, I don't know for sure, but I feel like Marcel is lying to me," Freya worried.  "Let's just get home and then we can check on the twins, okay?" Keelin said. She would never get tired of this private jet.  "Okay, you really love those seats, don't you?" Freya smiled.  "I do. It's so cool how they have all these features!" Keelin enthused.  Freya smiled and let Keelin take her mind off the girls for another hour until they got home.  Elijah made a big dinner to celebrate the ladies being back. They were ushered up to their new bedroom, which they loved.  Freya found Kai downstair sleeping. She lay by his cell until he woke up. Kol was down there also asleep.  "He's doing well," Kol reassured her.  "Good. If this saves him from his coven, I'm for it. As a siphon, he can still practice witch craft. But now he has even more to deal with," Freya noticed.  "Aye, it is a lot, but he's strong," Kol retorted.  "Yes, he is. Thank you for looking after him," Freya smiled.  "It was no trouble," Kol said honestly.  Freya frowned at the cell phone after dinner.  "Now, Rebekah isn't answering. What is going on?" Freya fumed.  "Now, that's weird," Kol responded. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Tuesday, January 16, 2011Kitchen3:05pmErik was not in the best of moods. He was typically a good student, but he had failed his geometry test and now he had to get it signed. The girl he liked did seem to like him back, but she was painfully shy. They were in a history group together and she barely spoke to him. Her girlfriend gave him her number and told him to call her, but he was too shy to do that. There had to be an easier way..."Hi lads, how was school?" Klaus asked hugging Jeremy and putting an hand on Connor's head.  "Good! They got me in the vo-tech program finally," Connor shared happily.  "That is great news!" Klaus replied.  "Caroline is getting huge. She almost couldn't fit in the desk and cried all during gym, so that was fun," Tyler shared. Caroline was only six months pregnant, but seemed big for her size. Tyler wondered if he did get her pregnant before he was a hybrid. He really wasn't sure. "Oh no, poor Caroline!" Klaus sympathized.  "Dad, can you sign this? I can bring it up, but I didn't do so great," Erik said putting out the failed test and putting it on the island. His math teacher had written "DID YOU STUDY?" in green ink over the F grade.  "Did you study, Erik?" Klaus asked sharply.  Erik flushed and his brothers all watched him. He shook his head."No, I blew it off. I can usually sail through, but it is getting harder," Erik admitted.  "That's what happens," Jermey scolded. Erik wanted to flick him off, but Klaus was watching him.  "I'll sign this, but if it happens again, I'm going to need to meet with your teacher," Klaus mentioned.  "Okay, thanks," Erik said giving Klaus a pen.  "Hand over your cell phone," Klaus said calmly.  "But I admitted I didn't study. I told the truth!" Erik sputtered.  "Yes, but you lied when I asked you if you studied the other night, didn't you," Klaus pressed. Erik realized that was true.  "Yes, sir. I guess I reckon I did," Erik admitted.  Erik took his cell phone out of his pocket and slid it over to his dad.  "You can have it back after school tomorrow," Klaus said pocketing the phone.  "A whole day!" Erik gasped. He had lost his phone for a few hours before, but never a whole day. He thought it was excessive.  "Yes, a whole day. But I'm proud of you for giving me the test. I'm sure your Uncle Elijah would be happy to help tutor you tonight," Klaus said.  "Okay," Erik said glumly.  "Not the end of the world, Son," Klaus said as he reached out to hug Erik. Erik was always stiff at first and then relaxed after Klaus rubbed his back. They heard the younger kids come in with Elijah and Vanessa.  "There they are," Klaus smiled.  Penny ran into the kitchen, "You won't believe this!" Klaus heard Elijah call her back to take off her shoes. Klaus followed her back to the door.  "What, Sweetheart?" Klaus asked intrigued. Penny never seemed this happy.  "Finn and I got invited to a party this Friday at Fun Town!" Penny gushed. Klaus looked at Elijah and he nodded in defeat.  Henrik looked bereft, "What am I supposed to do? I'm not invited"  Klaus blurted, "We'll take you, buddy. We'll go with you so you don't miss out. Right, Brother?"  Elijah cringed, "Right. So Fun Town, it is...Yay." 
  
    Chapter Text
    Tuesday, January 16, 20115pmErik knew he was pouting, but he couldn't help it. He had his math books out and was trying to figure out what he was doing. Tyler ended up showing him what to do. But he just didn't feel like doing it. He knew Elijah would check with him later that night and he still had a lot to do. He had skipped the homework for several days and now it was piling up. "Are you still sitting her doing nothing?" Connor asked playfully.  "Are you still an asshole?" Erik retorted.  "That's strike 2, Erik!" Klaus called from the kitchen. Erik blushed.  "What was strike 1?" Erik shouted back rudely. He knew he was pushing it, but he was feeling surly.  "Erik, Tyler helped you, now get that finished. Go to your room if you can't concentrate there," Klaus directed as he came into the dining room. He was drying his hands on a dishtowel. Klaus glanced at Connor and Connor shrugged. He didn't know what was with the younger boy.  Erik huffed and started gathering his stuff.  "Are you going up?" Erik asked his brother shoving the textbook into his hand. "Carry this."  "A please wouldn't kill you? You have no manners," Connor pressed. Erik was carrying a drink his backpack, a calculator.  As soon as they got in the elevator to the fourth floor, Erik asked to use Connor's cell phone.  "Nope, you got your phone taken. You ain't getting my phone taken. No way, no how!" Connor smirked.  "You dick, I just want to call this girl Kira from my class. Her friend said she likes me, but she's real shy. Please, Connor," Erik whined as he brushed back his long blond hair behind his ear.  "Nope. You best do your geometry right now. I'm telling you, stay off the phone, ya hear?" Connor warned as he went to watch sports.  "Fucker!" Erik yelled. He dumped his books and water glass on the coffee table heavily. He started to try to make a grab for the phone, but Connor dodged him. He started to grab Connor's shirt and then saw Kol from the open doorway. "Whoa, lad! You best dial that back a few notches. What's wrong?" Kol said from the doorway of the boys' suite. His new bedroom was right across the hallway.  Erik shrugged, "I failed a test and got my phone taken. I was gonna call this girl, but my DICK of a brother won't lend me his phone."  Connor yelled back from the couch, "Uncle Kol, he's supposed to be during his geometry right now. Don't give him your phone."  Erik snapped and threw the heavy textbook at the back of his brother's head. With his fast hybrid reflexes, Connor had dodged it and the book smashed into the coffee table breaking a water glass and a plate. Matt came out of the bedroom, saw the mess, and then went back in. "Erik! What the hell has gotten into you? Apologize to your brother!" Kol ordered as he stepped closer to the mess. Kol and Connor were looking at him like he was crazy.  "Sorry, Connor. I'll clean it up," Erik said. Kol was wondering if the teen would do anything else, even clean, rather than do his math.  "No, you go in my room and sit at the table and do your maths. I'll be in there in a minute and if you're not working, we'll be having a much different conversation. Go!" Kol said pointing to his room. Erik vamped over and got his book and did as Kol instructed. Connor was already cleaning up the glass.  Kol said, "It's okay, Mate. I've got it. He takes out all his frustration out on you, you know."  Connor nodded, "I used to think it was because of what happened with my mom and all, but now I think it's just a habit or something."  "Connor, you're a safe person for him, that's it. It's not really about you, except that it shows that Erik knows you are there for him. I'm going to talk to him about it, okay? You've put up with a lot and you don't complain about it, but he can't keep treating you like that," Kol said as he dumped more glass in the trash.  "Thanks," Connor couldn't deny that it didn't bother him, not to Kol.  "You got it. Want to watch the game later?" Kol asked.  "Yeah, you're on. Thanks, Uncle Kol," Connor said going back to the tv.  "You got it, mate," Kol said as he went to see what Erik was up to.  Erik was working studiously when Kol came in. He knew if his dad found out what he did, he'd be in more trouble. He wasn't worried that his Uncle would punish him, but he also didn't want to talk about what just happened.  "I'm almost done. Can we not talk about what I just did?" Erik asked not looking up.  "Go ahead and finish. Don't let me bother you," Kol said. He sat on a chair near the door reading so the boy couldn't slip out before they could talk.  Erik finished and even checked his answers. He realized that he had made a couple of mistakes so he fixed those. He shut the textbook and his notebook.  Kol stood and went to the table and sat down. He knew Erik was embarrassed.  "It's okay, Erik. You never have to worry about anyone here judging your behavior. We have all done worse. All you can do is try to do better. You know that Connor doesn't deserve all the shit you throw at him or a literal textbook," Kol said bluntly, but with a wry smile.  "I know he doesn't, but he takes it like it doesn't bother him. Then, I get worse. Connor's just tryin' to help me, like always. He knows I don't mean it," Erik replied.  "Aye, but he has feelings, too, mate. He's not your punching bag. Maybe it would help if you figure out what has got you so angry in the first place," Kol suggested.  "That's easy. I am just mad that I skipped studying for no reason. I have no one to blame but myself.  It's really me I'm mad at," Erik admitted. "And that's okay, but don't act up even more...Because all that happens is, you get yourself in more trouble," Kol cautioned.  "I know," Erik agreed.  "Okay, go relax. We'll watch the game together later, okay?" Kol said standing.  "Thanks," Erik said gathering his things. "I'll go talk to Connor, I guess." Kol took the things out of Erik's hands and put them on the table. He hugged him and pushed his hair back from his face.  "Good lad," Kol said softly.  "How's Kai doing?" Erik asked.  "Good. Why don't you go see him? Maybe we can all go hunting after the game?" Kol suggested.  "Yeah, maybe," Erik said wondering if they would have time. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Second FloorAfter dinner, Vanessa went upstairs after cleaning up the kitchen to find Penny, Henrik, and Finn on the top bunk of the triple bunk bed in the former older boys' room. They were holding onto the railing but jumping up and down. Elijah had bought them matching pajamas with the Mikaelson coat of arms on the bottoms and embroidered monograms on the pockets. For a second, she couldn't tell which child was which. "Stop! You three are going to break your necks, get down this instant," Vanessa yelled.  "We'll allowed. This is my room this week!" Penny argued. Penny was staying in the boys' old room until the girls got back.  "Penny! Henrik! Finn! I said get down and I mean it," Vanessa repeated.  Henrik started to listen and get down, but the other two bumped him and he started to fall to the floor. Vanessa vamped over and caught him, but barely.  "Are you alright, Henrik?" Vanessa asked frantically.  Henrik was in shock.  "Elijah!" Vanessa yelled. "We'll get Daddy."  Elijah vamped in, "What happened?"  "I told them to get down. Only Henrik listened and the other two almost knocked him to the ground. I caught him luckily, but he's stunned," Vanessa explained.  "Good boy. I'm proud of you for listening. Why don't you go play downstairs? We're going to have a talk with these two," Elijah said calmly. Elijah waited until he had trotted off.  "No, Daddy! It wasn't my fault," Finn whined. Elijah couldn't help but get irritated.  "Finn, I warned you what would happen didn't I?" Elijah asked as Penny and Finn climbed down.  "Yes, but...I hate this. We were just having fun," Finn yelled.  Elijah sighed, "Children, you can be injured or even killed by playing in dangerous situation. We have told you so many times no jumping, but you don't listen."  "We like to jump!" Penny added.  Vanessa leaned down, "I know, but that bed is too high. If you fall, you could break an arm or worse. Now what we you told last time would happen if you disobeyed again?"  Finn flushed. He couldn't say it in front of Penny. Elijah's face became sterner as Finn mumbled something.  "What was that, young man?" Elijah prompted.  "We get it with the paddle," Finn said a little louder.  "That's right. Come on, then. That's what we're going to do," Elijah said leading Finn back to his bedroom.  Vanessa took Penny's hand. "You've had a few warnings, too. Haven't you?" Vanessa prompted. Penny bit her lip and nodded.  Elijah steered Finn into the corner and ordered him to think about what was going to happen. Vanessa pushed Penny into another corner and told her not to move.  Elijah asked Vanessa to keep an eye on them while he spoke to Klaus. He wasn't quite sure how to handle this. He found Klaus in his study.  "Have you talked to Rebekah or Marcel today? I can't get a hold of anyone," Klaus said in a fretful tone.  "No, that's odd. They are never out of touch for long. Has Camille spoken to her uncle?" Elijah asked.  "No, she's trying to locate her brother Sean. Elijah, something is afoot. What is it, though? You look troubled," Klaus observed.  "Vanessa caught Henrik almost breaking his neck off of the triple bunkbed. She ordered the kids to stop jumping and they didn't...I had warned Finn I was going to take the paddle to him if he kept this up. Vanessa is watching him and Penny in the corner now. I wasn't sure what you wanted us to do," Elijah added uncertainly.  "Oh dammit, in truth Elijah, I don't even think she understands that she bloody killed Kai and would have killed Cami because of her temper tantrum. I warned her about that bed, Cami warned her. Hell, even Tyler yelled at the kids for jumping several times. Now, that she is mortal again, she is going to have to realize that she can become injured or dead if she doesn't start to listen," Klaus said getting up heavily.  Elijah clapped Klaus on the back, he knew how much Klaus especially loathed disciplining Penny. It was the same with Marcellus when he was a child. "She'll learn, Brother. She's be alright," Elijah said softly.  "I know. We could keep them home from the party, but that seems cruel. We should turn this place into a mini-Fun Town and then maybe we could be spared some of the other whiney brats and those horrid animatronic monstrosities," Klaus mused.  "Wait, what if we did? Brother, I have an idea. We might need Connor and some of the older boys' help though," Elijah said.  "Sure, tell me about it after we do this and then after we find out what is happening in New Orleans," Klaus reasoned.  "Of course," Elijah said as they entered the room.  Vanessa was softly talking to Penny on the bed while Penny was rubbing her upper thigh.  "Miss Penny didn't want to stand in the corner anymore," Vanessa explained giving Penny a firm look.  Klaus was not happy that the child could not behave for five minutes. "Penny, I told you that you were going to get a spanking every time you are defiant or do something dangerous. Now, I see you have done both. Apologize to Vanessa, please," Klaus said.  "Sorry," Penny said sharply. Klaus looked apologetically at Vanessa and sat down on Henrik's bed and drew her over his knee.  Smack! Smack! Smack! "Try again," Klaus said firmly as he patted the newly burning area lightly and in warning. "Vanessa, I'm sorry!" Penny exclaimed. She wasn't expecting that.  "For what?" Klaus prodded. Crack! Crack! "For not listening to you. Sorry!" Penny yelped. Swat! Swat! On the other bed, Elijah was talking to Finn in a low voice as Finn whined and argued. Elijah got up and took out the paddle out of the dresser. Finn began to wail and started to back away.  "Come here, Son!" Elijah demanded.  "No!" Finn argued.  Elijah took a step and grabbed him. Within seconds, Finn was bared and over Elijah's knee. Elijah paddled him slowly and Finn yelped and screamed.  "I hate you!" the distraught boy wailed.  "I'm sorry to hear that, but I love you. I can't let you get hurt. When my words don't make an impression on you, my paddle will. I know you are angry, but anymore disrespectful talk and I'm going to wash out your mouth with soap," Elijah said calmly. Pop! Pop! Pop! "Sorry, Daddy. I d-didn't mean it," Finn cried. Pop! POP! Pop! Klaus and Vanessa exchanged a smile as Finn began to apologize.  "I'll go check on Henrik," Vanessa informed Klaus.  "Thank you, Vanessa. I'm sure you won't have anymore problems out of Miss Penny after she gets a taste of that paddle," Klaus winked at her. He was only planning to get her a token whack or two.  "No, Dad. Please, don't paddle me," Penny ordered thrashing around and trying to get off his knee. Klaus pulled down her pajama bottoms and spanked her over her cotton underpants.  "You are mortal now. You cannot risk your life to be silly anymore, nor anyone else's life. Do you realize that you could have taken two people's lives this week because of your temper and urge to disobey me?" Klaus said as he continued the hand spanking. Before Klaus, Elijah was now done paddling and consoling Finn on his lap. He laid Finn on the bed and then walked the paddle over to his brother.  "Thank you, Brother. We will see if that gets the message though that beds are not to be jumped on," Klaus said beginning to paddle his daughter. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Penny kicked and pinwheeled her legs, but could do nothing but take the spanking. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Klaus put the paddle down and pulled up Penny's pants. Penny whined and cried as Klaus picked her up and held her.  Freya came to the doorway, "Sorry to interrupt, but Davina just called. She said Marcel and Rebekah are gone. Someone drugged her for the last day. Brothers, she is terrified."  Elijah put the near sleeping Finn in bed and Klaus did the same with Penny. Henrik could sleep with Finn tonight.  Klaus quickly kissed Penny, and followed Elijah and Freya out to the hallway.  "What happened?" Klaus growled.  "Davina thinks it was the Gemini coven. She was siphons and her memory wiped. Josh was also drugged and is with her now," Freya explained.  "Brother, Sister, you go. I will stay here. Get Rebekah and Marcel back and destroy that nest of vipers called the Heretics. Anyone who threatens this family must die," Elijah vowed.  "Let me say goodbye to the boys and pack," Klaus said.  Cami came out of the bedroom, "Sean called. He was knocked unconscious. He said...my uncle was hexed and that Marcel was kidnaped from St. Anne's."  "We'll find them all. Camille, please stay here where you are safe!" Klaus urged.  "No, I want to come with you," Cami begged.  "Cami, Penny needs you. Please!" Klaus implored.  "Of course, just be careful," Cami insisted.  "Of course, Cami, just don't leave this house for any reason. It's not safe," Klaus pointed out. They embraced and then Klaus said a quick goodbye to his boys. He gave Erik his phone back and kissed them all goodbye.  "Kol, would you stay here and guard Kai? If it is the Geminis, they will come for him first," Klaus stated.  "Aye, they will," Kol said.  Freya yelped, "He's gone! Kai is missing."  Vanessa ran up huffing, "They drugged Penny and took her blood."  Keelin came in sniffing, "Nothing. How can a being mask his or her own scent?"  Klaus was at a loss, but he vamped down to check on Penny. She only had a small mark on her arm. She seemed like she was in a deep sleep.  Outside the Mikaelson MansionEveningOscar breathed and dumped the unconscious siphon vamp into the van. He had just taught Valerie to drive and she was terrible. "Valerie, get out. Let me drive," Oscar breathed.  All the hours of surveillance paid off, Oscar was able to use the security codes provided by the rogue construction worker. He slipped in, drugged and grabbed Kai and extracted the little girl's blood for the cure.  Oscar had done his duty, now maybe Lily would allow him to be free. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, VirginiaMikaelson MansionTuesday, January 16, 20119:43pm Penny was just waking up."Elijah, she's starting to stir," Vanessa said in relief.  "Where's my dad? What happened? My arm hurts," Penny said in her typical whining voice. She held her arm for a minute and then let it go. There was only a small mark there.  "Sorry, dear. What do you remember?" Vanessa asked softly.  "Just this guy in a bright flowery shirt telling me to go to sleep. I was crying because you made Daddy spank me and then I don't know...," Penny accused.  "I didn't make your dad spank you. You know why you got spanked, now that's enough of that, Penelope. Let me see your arm. That man might have taken your blood, a little anyway," Vanessa shared.  Elijah stood behind Vanessa looking concerned. This had to be an inside job. Very few people knew those codes. Elijah was having the security company review all the workers who were finishing up the fourth floor.  "Penny, I am so sorry this happened," Elijah said suddenly. He bent down and smoothed Penny's black hair back.  "Is my dad gone again?" Penny asked.  "Yes, dear. I'm sorry, but he had to go to New Orleans. He didn't want to leave you, but they needed him. We'll take care of you. Can you stay in here with the boys?" Elijah asked with a smile.  "Yeah, okay," Penny turned to the side and rubbed her backside and scowled at Vanessa.  "Penny, you and Finn got paddled because of your own behavior. It's bedtime. I'm going to go check on the boys and see what is taking them so long to brush their teeth. Let Vanessa check your rear end and make sure you are okay," Elijah said. Vanessa whispered, "Can she even take blood to be healed anymore? I'll check her, but I'd be afraid to give her my blood." Elijah nodded, "That's a good point. If she needs it, I'll give her a drop of my blood to start with. Niklaus wasn't smacking her hard, from my vantage point, but of course it's hard to tell. I think she is being dramatic, but I don't want her going to bed without us double checking that she is okay."  Vanessa waited until Elijah shut the door.  "Penny, flip over. I just want to check and make sure you are not too sore or that man didn't push you down on the ground," Vanessa explained.  "No, I am fine," Penny said hiding her face in her pillow.  "Penny, please, let me check quickly. We can go in the bathroom if you like," Vanessa said gently.  "Fine," Penny said letting Vanessa check her backside. It was completely pale and unblemished to Vanessa's relief.  "Thank you, hon. You're fine. You know that your body has been through a lot of changes this week. You went from being a hybrid to back to an untriggered wolf. It's okay if you feel different," Vanessa said pulling up her pants and covering her up again with comforter.  "I just get hungry for food more than blood now and I'm slow and don't heal," Penny said.  "You heal, but at a human rate. Are you still angry at me for earlier?" Vanessa asked.  Penny frowned but shook her head, "No, I guess not. But why isn't there a tv in here?"  "The boys kept turning it on when they weren't allowed to be watching so they lost it for good. Why?" Vanessa asked.  "I just want to watch something," Penny said yawning.  "Go to bed. School tomorrow," Vanessa said kissing her on her forehead.  The boys came rushing in and threw themselves on the bed they would share tonight. Any change in routine seemed to throw them off course a little.  "You two are worked up," Vanessa commented as she went to say goodnight.  "Doesn't Penny have to brush?" Henrik wondered.  "She already did. Now, get in, you're both going to be tired tomorrow," Elijah said kissing them both.  He crossed over and sat a minute with Penny, "Tonight was a rough one, but tomorrow will be better." Penny didn't know if he meant her and Finn getting spanked, her dad leaving, or some weird guy attacking her, or all three...but she hoped her uncle was right. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Erik had his phone back, but now he was worried about Kai and his dad. He wanted to go back down to New Orleans, but his dad wouldn't hear of it.  The boys were all in their beds. "Erik, just let it go," Connor said sleepily.  "I could help," Erik announced.  "Dude, we need to defend this place. Those witches came in OUR house and attacked Penny and stole Kai. We should get some payback," Tyler growled.  "Now you're talking. What is with the shitty security team we have? I mean, how does someone get in without knowing all the daily codes?" Matt wondered.  "Unless, they knew the codes?" Jeremy pointed out.  "Sadie wanted in," Kol said opening the door and letting the dog in. She jumped up on Jeremy's bed.  "Traitor," Erik laughed.  "'Night, lads," Kol said not wanting to wake them up.  "Uncle Kol!" Erik said getting up. "Shouldn't I have been allowed to go with Dad?"  "Erik, back in bed. And you know I have no control over what your father does. If so, I'd install a blood bank on the lower level," Kol joked.  "No, seriously, I could help. Don't you think?" Erik pushed.  "Excuse us, mates," Kol said grabbing Erik by the bicep and shutting the door. While in the living room area, "Erik, you are not obeying me. I told you to go to bed. Now, you are about two seconds away from getting a hiding unless you pull yourself together."  "But I have to go to the bathroom!" Erik lied.  "I was in here ten minutes ago and you were just in there. Are you lying to me, lad?" Kol asked looking down at the younger hybrid.  "Yes, sir. I'm sorry, but what if they need us down there in New Orleans?" Erik whined.  "Your father will call for you if he needs you, okay?" Kol reassured him.  "But-," Erik started to argue. Kol turned Erik to the side and gave him a hard smack right across the seat of his basketball shorts.  "AHHH!" Erik said in shock as his hands went to protect his now burning bottom.  Crack! Kol smacked him again just as firmly.  "Bed, now!" Kol demanded. Erik clamped his mouth shut and went back in the bed area. The darkness hid the flush that rose to his cheeks, and he crawled into bed on his stomach. Erik's butt sting from just two of Kol's smacks. Maybe Erik just wanted to leave here, he was restless tonight, but it wasn't worth the consequences, he realized. They never got to hunt with everything going on. The other boys had heard the smacks and some of the conversation, but they wisely kept quiet. Teasing one another about getting into trouble was the quickest way to get in trouble yourself. Kol just plopped down on the couch and turned the tv on low. He'd just spend the night here, just in case Erik got any ideas about sneaking off. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Wednesday, January 17, 20117am Cami couldn't go to work today. She was worried sick about Klaus and her uncle. She figured the least she could do was to help get the remaining kids up and off to school. With Kai gone, that left Tyler, Matt, Jeremy, Connor, and Erik to just get to the high school. Cami didn't know who took lunches and who bought their lunches. In a way, this was kind of a trial run for her being their stepmother. She couldn't always depend on Freya and Elijah to take care of things when Klaus wasn't around.  Cami went up to make sure the boys were awake and had clean clothes. She was surprised to find Kol sprawled out on the couch sound asleep. Matt came out first.  "Morning Matt, why is Kol out here?" Cami asked.  "Oh, I think Erik was acting up last night. He was probably afraid he'd do something stupid and take off," Matt explained.  "Take off? Oh my, where is Erik?" Cami inquired. This sounded urgent.  "Ah, getting dressed. He should be out in a minute," Matt said.  Connor and Tyler came out arguing about a sports team. Then, Jeremy straggled out a moment later.  "Jeremy, where is Erik?" Cami asked.  "Ah, I guess downstairs?" Jeremy asked.  Cami barged into the bedroom to find it empty. "Kol! Wake up! I think Erik snuck out."  "I will skin that boy alive," Kol growled after sitting up.  "You're going to have to get in line," Cami confirmed.  "I'll find him. He couldn't have gotten far," Kol promised.  Cami nodded and went back down to the kitchen to try to sort through the lunches.  "Cami, it's okay. We'll just buy today," Matt promised.  "Are you sure? It seems Erik took off," Cami shared getting her purse. She had no idea how much lunch was. Matt refused to take a penny saying he had his own money. "What? Erik left," Connor exploded. He was going to beat that kid for real this time.  Kol came down dressed and ready to search for the wayward hybrid. "Uncle Kol, can I come with you? I'm going to kill him," Connor said.  "Connor, you go to school. I'll text you when I find him," Kol promised him.  "Promise me that you will take a switch to him. It's long overdue," Connor complained.  "I promise you that I'm going to make sure he doesn't sit comfortably at school. Aye, I'm taking him to school, even if I have to stay there with him to make sure he stays," Kol vowed.  "Good. Where's Sadie? Did he take the dog? I hope he didn't take off in search of those siphon vamps!" Connor said loudly.  Kol could use the added senses of a hybrid, but he knew his brother would want the boys not to miss school.  "Have a good day, lads. I have an idea where old Erik took off to," Kol surmised. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Erik was close, he could feel it. "Come on, girl. A little bit further," he encouraged.  The old Fell Church was in ruins yet it was not deserted. Erik was going to find those witches who attacked their home and tear them apart. Erik didn't even realize that his eyes were glowing yellow. It was almost the full moon, he needed to turn. Erik's wolf senses smelled something. He followed it to..."Uncle Kol! I thought you were one of the siphon witches...," Erik drifted off.  "Erik, what are you doing here? This is far for Sadie to walk. Not to mention that you are skipping school now," Kol said. He wasn't angry, more relieved that he found the boy.  "I was just too restless to stay in the house. Sorry, if I worried you," Erik breathed.  "Connor and Cami are waiting for me to text, but there is no cell service out here. Let's sit a minute, while you still can," Kol cautioned.  "Uncle Kol, really?" Erik implored with big eyes.  "No big eyes, mate. You earned a decent hiding this time," Kol revealed.  "Uncle Kol, do you hear something like scratching?" Erik said popping up.  "Don't even think of trying to run. I ought to cut a switch," Kol mused.  "No really. Coming from over here. Listen," Erik said tilting his head.  Then, Kol did hear it. It sounded like fingernails scraping against stone. He got up and followed it.  "It's coming from down here. I'll go. If I don't come back up, go get Elijah," Kol informed Erik. Kol dropped down into a hole behind the crumbling altar of the old church. There was a tomb desk inscribed with a giant pentagram. Kol went closer. Yes, it was coming from here. Kol went to move the stone and felt it give and then stop. It wasn't a physical barrier, but a magical one. There was someone or something behind that tomb. Kol vamped back up.  "There is something down there, but there is a magical boundary up. It's not coming down anytime soon," Kol suggested.  "I knew there was something weird!" Erik said pushing back his blond hair behind his ears.  "Well, you are still getting a licking so why don't you drop your trousers and I'll cut a little switch," Kol remarked.  Erik paled, "Can you wait until tonight? What if someone sees?" Even to Erik's ears that excuse sounded lame.  "Trousers down, or you will also get another thrashing tonight. I'm about out of patience with your disobedience this week, lad," Kol said gently.  "Sorry," Erik said as he dropped his pants and briefs and bent over a crumbling stone wall.  Kol tapped the green limber branch he had selected against Erik's white backside.  "Ready? You know what you did is wrong, so I'm not going to rehash it," Kol said quietly. He'd let the switch do the talking.  Whoosh! Erik heard the sound before he felt the liquid fire descend. He felt Kol's arm holding him down as he got another one.  Whoosh!  "Argggggh!" Erik gasped. He wanted to feel if there was a welt there but he was already wiping tears out of his eyes. What was wrong with him? This wasn't the first time he had been in this position. Sadie was upset and began to cry. Kol petted her and said, "It's okay, girl."  Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Erik cried through the last three. Kol saw the five red welts across Erik's otherwise tan backside and couldn't hit the boy again. There was a part of him that thought he should continue spanking him with his hand, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. Kol snapped the switch in half and gently pulled up Erik's pants. Kol wrapped his arms around him and pressed Erik's head to his chest. Kol was tearing up himself. Erik sniffed and pulled a kneenex out of his pocket to clean his own face.  "I'm never doing that again. You act up again, I'm going to do what your father does and put you over my knee. I can't thrash you that hard again," Kol murmured.  Erik's hand rubbed his backside for a moment. "I'm sorry. I'll be healed soon, right?"  "Did you drink your blood this morning?" Kol asked already knowing the answer.  "No, sir. I left too fast," Erik admitted.  "Okay, let's hunt a little and see what we can get. That's going to smart so try to keep up. I'll tie Sadie up here," Kol offered.  Erik and Kol caught some wildlife and Erik fed a little. That helped heal him.  "If you are a little sore, let that be a lesson to you," Kol lectured. "But you're all forgiven now. lad."  Kol untied Sadie and then started back to Kol's car arm in arm. True to his word, he took Erik to school where he did squirm for a period or two before completely healing.  Mystic Falls High School "It's about time? Where were you?" Matt asked Erik.  "I went looking for those siphon witches in the woods, man," Erik admitted.  "Oh, the big hero! Find any?" Jeremy laughed.  "Actually, Uncle Kol found me by the old Fell's Church and there was something down there. Something alive," Erik shared.  "That's impossible," Jeremy scoffed.  "You can ask Uncle Kol, he heard them, too," Erik responded.  Connor walked across the hallway and hissed, "I hope he tore up your butt!"  "He took a switch to me. Was that your idea? He said he'd never do it again, though," Erik admitted, wanting to rub his backside.  "Really?" Connor asked in surprised. He was surprised Kol did it.  "I only got five licks, but they were hard and...on the bare," Erik admitted.  "You deserved it. Why didn't you wait until after school when we could have gone with you?" Connor reasoned.  "I don't know," Erik admitted.  "I would have gone with you, man," Jeremy scolded.  "Really?" Erik asked dumbfounded.  "Dude, we're your brothers now, too," Matt said putting an arm on Erik's arm.  Erik blinked back tears, "Thanks, y'all."  "Don't thank you too much. Alaric is headed this way and he doesn't look happy," Jeremy whispered.  "Hi boys, Kol tells me that all hell broke loose last night at home and you found something today at Fell's Church?" Alaric pressed.  Erik filled Alaric in the best that he could.  "So the sounds were more from under the church?" Alaric clarified.  "Yes, sir, in a tomb," Erik said. "I mean Kol went down there, not me."  "What were you going to do if you go into that tomb?" Alaric wondered.  "Open it, I guess," Erik shared honestly.  "That would not have been smart. Jeremy, do you have the Gilbert journal from 1864?" Alaric asked.  "I don't know. I can look," Jeremy offered.  "Well, even without it, according to my research, there is a possibility that that tomb is filled with vampires. Like a lot of vampires!" Alaric went on.  "Whoa! That's kind of terrifying," Matt swallowed.  "I am warning every one of you to stay away from that tomb and those woods. I know your dad is in New Orleans, but I told Kol to make that very clear to you. It's off limits, boys. Got it?" Alaric insisted.  Jeremy waited until he was a safe distance away and asked, "So what time are we going back out there tonight?"  Erik groaned, "Please tell me you are kidding!" 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, VirginiaMystic Falls High SchoolTuesday, January 16, 201111:34am "Bonnie, are you busy?" Jeremy asked slyly. Lunch was wrapping up. Jeremy caught Bonnie sitting by herself under a tree. Elena and Stefan were in another lunch period. "After school? Well, I supposed to be at the dance committee meeting with your sister and Caroline. If I miss it, Caroline will go ballistic. Pregnancy is not making her more patient," Bonnie confided in a low voice.  "No, I mean, now. Like right now?" Jeremy admitted.  "Jeremy, you want me to skip? I only have study hall next, but won't you miss class?" Bonnie pressed.  "I'll get a pass to the nurse. They will never know I'm gone. Plus, we need a witch and a car, both of which you have. So pleaseeee, Bonnie. I will owe you one. Just don't tell Elena," Jeremy added.  "Elena? She's been on another planet lately. Maybe even another universe lately?" Bonnie ventured. She felt alone amidst all these people. Bonnie could help out Jeremy a little, she guessed. They used to be close.  "I really need you, Bon. It will be fun, like old times. An adventure. Remember my ancestor's diary? I think there is some treasure or something hidden in an old tomb. We could end up with a bunch of gold coins and jewels...," Jeremy teased.  Bonnie rolled her eyes. She doubted Jeremy's claims, but would anyone even notice if she was gone?  "Fine. I'll do it. You owe me.  I won't say a word. Say, I'm only doing this because we've hardly hung out at all lately and...I miss you, Jeremy," Bonnie said shyly.  "I miss you, too," Jeremy said moving closer to kiss her.  "We good?" Erik said interrupting. He had no clue he ruined the romantic moment. All Erik wanted was to avoid his nagging older brother.  "We were? Until you showed up!" Jeremy snarled.  Bonnie laughed at his bravado. "Meet me at my car in ten minutes! I'm assuming we won't be alone?" "No, just Erik and me, though. Unless we can convince Ty to come," Jeremy said.  "Tyler said Caroline told him that he has to stay," Erik added.  "Matt?" Jeremy tried.  "Nope. He has tutoring after school and is afraid to miss it again," Erik revealed.  "Connor?" Jeremy pressed.  "Let's not even tell him. He's been in a pissed off mood lately," Erik said lightly. Jeremy did a double take. It was more like Erik was the one who has been in a mood, but he didn't push it. He might need the hybrid boy's strength and supernatural senses out there.  "Fine. I'm going to go get a pass for the nurse. Are you just gonna skip P.E. or what?" Jeremy asked.  "I texted Aaron Edwards to say I had an early release for a doctor's appointment or something. I have to pay him $20 tomorrow," Erik explained.  "What a dick! He's charging you?" Jeremy disputed.  "Well, he's kind of a teacher's pet, so I don't reckon they would think he would lie and all," Erik reasoned.  "Oh, that's pretty smart. You've done this before, huh?" Jeremy prodded. Erik didn't seem nervous or anxious at all, like Jeremy was feeling.  "Plenty. But I got caught a couple times, too. Not like my ma really cared, though, back when we lived with her. She was usually too doped up to know what was going on," Erik recalled.  "She didn't even care if you like, got suspended?" Jeremy asked surprised. He really could not fathom what Erik's life had been like. His parents had doted on him and Elena from the day they were born. "Nah, shit, they didn't always suspend me...Oh, damn, there's Connor! Let's get out of here," Erik said trying to hide behind a pole outside.  "What do you two think you are up to now?" Connor hissed as he sidled up to his two brothers.   "Nothing, man. Just chill!" Erik snapped.  "Chill? And act like you didn't take off this morning? Are you kiddin' me? Now I'm hearing you are going back to that church! Tell me that ain't true," Connor demanded.  Erik's voice grew timid, "It's not true, Connor. I don't know where you heard that. Forget it."  "Jeremy, tell me the truth. Are you two planning to go to that old church after school?" "No, we are not," Jeremy said truthfully. They were planning on going to that old church in about two minutes. Connor didn't hear any irregularities in Jeremy's heartbeat, so he assumed he was telling the truth.  "Okay, sorry, man. I'm not trying to be up your ass, but with Dad gone and those siphon vamps out there, we got to be careful, okay?" Connor went to put his arm on his brother's shoulder, but Erik knocked his hand away. He stalked off in anger.  Connor took a deep breath and watched Erik stalk off. "I gotta get to class. I'll see you after school, Jer."  Jeremy felt a moment of guilt, he should go after Connor and talk to him. He knew he was upset about his brother's behavior lately, but Jeremy needed to see that tomb. He hadn't been entirely truthful with his Uncle Alaric, he did have the Gilbert journal from 1864. After all, that was the most important one...There was some kind of treasure in that tomb, maybe not gold, but something valuable. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson Mansion11:50amCami tried to call Klaus again on his cell phone.  "Oh Camille, my love," Klaus answered quickly.  "Klaus, I've been so worried," Cami almost wept. "Things have been dicey here to say the least. The witches have taken Rebekah and Marcellus. They have Kai and the twins, but they have made us a meeting point for tonight. We will get them all back once we figure out what they truly want," Klaus reassured her.  "And my uncle?" Cami cried softly.  "Sean said he has his moments. I will see him after I get the children back. I am so sorry, Camille. A hex can be a terrible thing to break. How are the children there? I hated leaving," Klaus confessed.  "Penny is fine. She wasn't happy about you leaving, of course. She's staying in the boys' room and they are sharing a bed. Maybe I'll just keep her with me tonight? Ah, let's see, Erik's been acting up. He took off this morning with the dog, but Kol found him and took him to school," Cami reported.  "He took off? Oh my, I hope my brother is being stern enough with him. Erik is taking advantage of the fact that Connor is not longer an authority figure over him...I do miss them, all of them and you," Klaus mused.  "Well, Kol slept on the couch of the older boys' room last night, so I feel like you owe your younger brother a Hallmark card or something as a thank you," Cami laughed.  "I'll make it up to him. I'm sorry, luv, but I have to get back to the war room. Wish me luck," Klaus said into the phone.  "Luck. Come back soon. I love you," Cami said tearfully. She needed Klaus here.  "I love you. Give me another day or two, then we'll never part again," Klaus vowed.  "I love that," Cami said before they hung up. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Woods Near Fell's Church1:23 pm "A little further. We'll have to walk from here, I reckon'" Erik reasoned.  "How far?" Bonnie scoffed. She hadn't planned on ruining her shoes today in the mud and muck of the forest.  "Not that far now," Erik said as he led them to the old church.  The closer they got, the quieter Bonnie grew.  "What it is, Bonnie?" Jeremy asked.  "I can't put my finger on it...Coldness? Death? Loss? It's close. What is this place?" Bonnie asked.  Jeremy dug the diary out of his messenger bag. "Johnathan writes about his wife Margaret and their young children. But he always mentions this woman named Miss Pearl over and over again. She ran an apothecary. At one point in the diary, he starts ranting that a vampire killed him and that...," Jeremy said reading closely. "What, Jer?" Bonnie said stopping.  "That it was Stefan Salvatore...It was the ring that saved him," Jeremy said in awe.  "This ring!"  Jeremy took off the ring he had taken from his uncle's dead body and handed it to Bonnie. A family heirloom, he gave Matt the other one to wear, his father's. "No offense, Jeremy, but your ancestor didn't make that ring. That's more up the alley of my ancestors," Bonnie smirked as she handed him back the ring.  "We're getting closer," Erik breathed. "Can you hear them?"  "Hear what, dude?" Jeremey asked. He didn't hear anything except the wind.  "I don't hear anything either," Bonnie admitted.  "Come on. I'll take you guys down there," Erik said vamping them both down the hole in the church to the tomb.  "Whoa! This is massive!" Jeremy cried seeing the huge stone door inscribed with the pentagram.  "This tomb is spelled. Whatever is in there is sealed magically. Is that why you guys brought me?" Bonnie asked in a high pitched voice.  "No, no, Bonnie. I just wanted you to see it. We don't need to open it now," Jeremy admitted.  "But I think I could open it. I feel like I know what to do. Erik, can you knock down that ceiling and create a kind of ramp for us to get out fast if we need to? Like with that stone slab?" Bonnie inquired.  "Yeah, it ain't that heavy for me. Just y'all move back a little," Erik said moving the stones to create a ramp and widening the opening.  "Wow, you made that look easy. I forget how strong you are," Jeremy smiled wryly.  "Sometimes it comes in handy," Erik said lightly as he continued to build up the stone to create a natural ramp.  "That's much better. Now, I won't feel trapped down here," Bonnie sighed.  She listened at the door, "Are you sure you hear something?"  Erik vowed, "It's like moans or voices. I can't make it out."  "Well, if it's vampires, they can't get out if it is daylight, right? Plus, wouldn't they be like mummies without any blood?" Bonnie suggested.  "Yeah, I'd reckon, they would be harmless. I could just grab y'all if there is danger or roll the stone back in place if there is trouble," Erik offered.  "Yeah, that would work. If there is another 'treasure' or Gilbert device in the tomb, I'll like to find it," Jeremy admitted.  "Let's open this tomb then," Bonnie said dryly as she started a spell she thought might work.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic Falls High School2:40pmConnor looked around for his stubborn younger brother on the bus. He felt bad about earlier. They just never got along anymore. Maybe some of that was his fault. He had to stop treating Erik like he was a moron. Sometimes he was a moron, but they all were really. Connor struggled to think of some good times they had had from their past, almost all of his fun memories were of them either stealing and getting away with it or vandalizing... Wait, where was his brother? Where was Jeremy? Connor glanced around to see if Tyler was on the bus, but Caroline often drove him home now.  "Matt, where is Erik and Jer?" Connor asked urgently. He had to repeat himself as Matt was listening to music through his headphones.  "Didn't Jeremy go home sick? I thought I heard that. Maybe Erik caught a ride with someone?" Matt said putting his headphones back on his head.  "Yeah, maybe," Connor said to himself. It was too late now...Something made Connor hop up and off the bus leaving Matt to wonder what was up with everyone.  "Uncle Alaric!" Connor called as Alaric was packing up his briefcase at the end of the day in his classroom.  "Hey Connor, what's up?" Alaric called.  "Was Erik in your last period class?" Connor asked tightly.  "No, someone said he had a doctor's appointment," Alaric replied in confusion.  Connor frowned, "We're hybrids. Regular doctors can't really help us. I think he took off for that tomb with Jeremy..." "Are you serious? I warned them to stay away from that place. I'm calling Kol," Alaric said. Connor winced,"Bonnie was talking to them earlier. I bet they dragged her into this, too."  Alaric spoke into the phone to Kol. Alaric started to say, "He'll meet us there."  Connor cut him off, "Sorry, I could hear."  "Hybrid...I forgot. I'm going to get my hunting stuff, just in case," Alaric insisted.  "What do you think they are up to in that cave?" Connor asked.  "This town, Mystic Falls, is full of secrets. The original founding families weren't so illustrious and respectable until they stole a bunch of land and property from the vampires in town," Alaric said as they headed out.  "What happened to the vampires?" Connor pressed.  "In the tomb, of course," Alaric shared.  "The tomb that we are going to?" Connor asked in alarm.  "Yup. We better hurry," Alaric said bluntly. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Tomb under Fell's Church3:38pm"Phasmatos Salves Nas Ex Malon, Terra Mora Vantis Quo Incandis, Et Vasa Quo Ero Signos," Bonnie chanted over and over again. Her eyes rolled back in her head and Bonnie seemed to shudder.  "Try it now, Erik!" Jeremy shouted.  Erik pushed the large slab out of the way. Inside the tomb, it was dark and inky black. For a moment nothing happened and then a figure stumbled out. "Erik, help!" Jeremy cried as the tomb vampire tried to bite him. Erik easily snapped the vampires neck.  "Whoa, that thing was stronger than it looked," Erik gasped with a short laugh. He liked fighting, but that was maybe a little too close.  Bonnie warned, "There could be more. Maybe we better give up."  Jeremy grimaced, "We came this far. Let's look for the treasure. Come on, guys."  The three friends started to enter the tomb when five vampires blurred out. Bonnie barely had time to say, "Phasmatos Morsinus Pyrox Allum!"This slowed the vampires and allowed Erik to knock them away. One got too close to the sunlight streaming through the gap in the church floor above and burned. "Help!" Jeremy screamed as a vampire almost bit his neck. Kol jumped down and tore the head off of the offending vampire. Alaric and Connor jumped down. Alaric used his crossbow to stake one vampire, which Connor and Kol snapped the other two vampire's necks.  "Haul them back in and shut the tomb!" Bonnie yelled in the chaos. The one Original vampire, two hybrids and one hunter obeyed the witch and threw the bodies and body parts back into the tomb. Bonnie spoke some words to seal it back up.  "Are you guys okay?" Alaric asked.  "Yeah, I think so. Wow, that was pretty close," Jeremy said brushing off his clothing.  "I can't believe how fast they were. I thought they were supposed to be desiccated!" Erik admitted.  Kol smiled bitterly, "It only takes one rat or rodent getting in and a few drops of blood for them to revive."  "Oh," Jeremy said dully.  "Oh, that's all you have to say. The three of you could have been killed!" Kol shouted.  "Kol, let's get out of here," Alaric suggested.  "Indeed," Kol agreed.  "Bonnie, is your father home?" Alaric asked pointedly.  "No, he's on a business trip. Please don't involve him. He's never home and I don't want him mad at me the little bit he is home," Bonnie begged.  Kol added, "You can stay at our house. I'm sure Freya will want a word with ya when she gets back from New Orleans."  "A word, sure," Bonnie said with her eyes downcast.  "The three of you skipped school to come here and almost get yourselves killed. May I ask why?" Alaric demanded.  Jeremy gave Alaric the journal. "Jon Gilbert said there was a treasure in that cave. I thought it would be cool to get it..."  "Jeremy, he meant his old ladylove Pearl, who by the way is a vampire! That's the treasure he was alluding to. The whole journal is in code. You have a lot to learn, little boy," Alaric said sternly.  "I'm sorry. I never thought it would really be dangerous," Jeremy confessed.  "Ric, I'm sure you have to get home to Jenna and the twins. I'll take these three home," Kol said in a deceptively calm voice.  "Yeah, the twins are getting over colds. I would say go easy on these kids, but I think they need a dose of reality. You will all be lucky if you don't get suspended for skipping all afternoon. You know they double check the attendance records. I wouldn't be surprised if the three of you all have a one day vacation from school for this little stunt," Alaric said as he got in his car.  "Oh, it won't be a vacation by any means," Kol growled. He opened the door to his Porsche and pushed in the boys. Connor got in the passenger seat.  "So I'll follow you?" Bonnie said glumly.  "Yes, luv. We have plenty of room and Elijah is making beef stir fry for dinner," Kol shared.  "Stir fry, huh? Okay, then," Bonnie smiled. She got in her car and tried to keep up with Kol's Porsche.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionLate AfternoonElijah was in the kitchen chopping vegetables when Kol came in with the older kids and Bonnie.  "The school called. Jeremy, Erik, you're suspended tomorrow for your truancy," Elijah snapped, still chopping. He put down the knife and looked at Jeremy and Erik's faces. Kol had called in the car and explained what happened.  Elijah wiped his hands on his apron and embraced Jeremy and then Erik together.  "I can't imagine what your father is going to say," Elijah added.  "When is he coming home, Uncle Elijah?" Erik asked softly.  "Soon, Erik. Bonnie, I'm sorry to hear you had a part in this. Why don't you go get settled? Vanessa will get you some clothes. Dinner will be soon. Go wash up," Elijah ordered.  Kol waited until they scattered off, "I couldn't even give them a tongue lashing in the car. I'm too cross. Brother, it was a close call." Elijah resumed chopping, "Didn't you already punish Erik this morning for running off?"  "I gave him five licks with a switch...I suppose I should have been harder on him these last few days. He's so much like me, it's scary. He just pushes and pushes until there is no turning back," Kol remarked.  "Well, he misses his father. If you act in Niklaus' stead, perhaps handle it as he would, I don't know what else to tell you. And Jeremy, with this research obsession. Our brother encouraged that and look where that led," Elijah offered.  Kol was about to protest that maybe Elijah should handle the boys tonight. Then, Henrik ran in to tell on Finn for spilling a drink in the great room and covering it up with a pillow.  "I thought we weren't allowed to drink in there?" Kol smirked.  "We aren't! Finn, get a towel and clean it up," Elijah called. Kol asked Henrik about school and ended up taking both boys outside to play while Elijah finished cooking.  "Can you race us, Uncle Kol?" Finn asked.  "Nay, mate. I'm tired. I'll time you, though. You two, go," Kol said pointing at his watch. He realized that he hadn't worried about Davina the last few hours. He knew what was going down now in New Orleans. At least the drama here had taken his mind off of things he couldn't control. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"This is really nice, Mr. Mikaelson. Thanks for having me," Bonnie said politely.  "Bonnie, call me Elijah. You've been here a hundred times now. And we might employ you on dish duty. It's the kids' night to clean up," Elijah joked.  "Yay! Our favorite night," Vanessa cheered.  "Miss Monroe, did you consider coming back to school ever?" Bonnie asked eating her teriyaki.  "Oh Bonnie, high school was never really for me. Plus, taking care of this house and the boys after school keeps me busy. I can't imagine going back, to be honest," Vanessa said smiling at Elijah. "And call me Vanessa. I'm not your English teacher anymore!"  "I know. Sorry," Bonnie laughed.  "So Bonnie, is this the first time you got suspended?" Matt asked loudly.  "Matt!" Jeremy hissed in embarrassment.  "What? The whole school knows now. You know there are no secrets at MFHS," Matt deflected.  Connor muttered, "I tried to stop them, but no one listened."  "Matthew, I think what Jeremy is indicating is that you are being rude. Now, change the subject please," Elijah scolded firmly.  "Sorry, Bon," Matt said, "Is Ty still with Caroline?"  "No, he is dining with his mother tonight," Cami added. She kept checking her phone to see if there were any updates. Only the adults knew about the showdown in New Orleans.  "When is Dad getting home?" Penny whined as she saw Cami look at her phone.  "Hopefully, tomorrow, Penny," Cami answered.  "So I can sleep with you tonight?" Penny asked.  "Sure, but you still need to go to bed on time," Cami smiled.  "I know! That's 'the rule,'" Penny griped. Elijah cast a glance at Penny and bit his tongue. He still didn't care for her snark, but chose his battles carefully. Elijah knew his brother's children missed him a great deal when he was away.  "Everything was good, Brother," Kol said to Elijah.  "Thank you. Something different, at least. Finn, Henrik, if you don't at least try everything first, we're not getting you something else," Elijah warned. Neither would try the stir fry and just ate the plain rice.  Vanessa encouraged, "Try the vegetables. They are good."  "No, thank you!" Henrik said. Shortly after, Vanessa and Elijah took Finn and Henrik upstairs to get them ready for bed. Cami took Penny. The older kids started to clear the table under the direction of Elijah. Elijah nodded at Kol. He said, "Jeremy, Erik, go take your showers and then meet me in my new room in about thirty minutes for bed."  "But,-" Jeremy started to argued, but stopped when Elijah glared at him. He would not put it past the ancient vampire to swat him in front of Bonnie if he protested that he was innocent.  Erik nodded and grabbed Jeremy's arm, "Just don't, bro."  Bonnie bit her lip, it didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what was happening. Kol went in Freya's room and grabbed some salve. Elijah had told him to do what Nik did. Kol only really knew from being on the other end, but he would try to fill his shoes until he got back.  Kol climbed up the stairwell to his fourth floor room. He took a shower and changed quickly into sweatpants and a t-shirt himself. Several minutes later, he muted the game he had been watching and let in Jeremy and Erik. Those both looked miserable.  "I'm not gonna kill ya or rip out your guts, talk to me," Kol pressed gently.  "Is Dad okay? Cami seemed to be checking her phone a lot?" Erik wondered.  "Aye, he's gonna be fine," Kol promised. "As will you two. Now, let's get on with it." Kol was sitting on a leather couch in his tv area.  "Uncle Kol...,we're sorry. Isn't that enough?" Jeremy pleaded.  "You disobeyed an order from Alaric, left school without permission, tried to open a tomb full of hungry vampires, that by the way, we still need to deal with, and almost got killed...So you think that is something we should let go?" Kol asked.  "No, sir," Erik flushed.  "Erik, I told you this morning that the next time I was going to do as your father would do. So tell me, what would you do right now?" Kol pressed.  "Probably tell us to go get the paddle," Erik trembled.  "Then, go into the game room and fetch that table tennis bat, quickly," Kol insisted. Kol drew Jeremy over to him and pulled down his sleep pants to his knees.  "Over my lap," Kol said as he patted his thigh. Jeremy's face was crimson.  He put his upper body on the couch and rested his lower body off the couch until Kol pulled him completely over. Kol patted the seat of his cotton briefs a moment before starting the swats. He was randomly popping him all over, from time to time swatting the top of Jeremy's thighs. Erik came in with the ping pong paddle. Kol paused with his hand on Jeremy's now warm backside to speak to Erik.  "And what would your father have you do now?" Kol asked. He knew the answer, but was curious to see what Erik would say. Erik came over and put the paddle on the coffee table and jumped back almost as if he no longer wanted to touch it. Kol wanted to say it didn't bite, but that wasn't entirely true.  "'Take down your trousers and go stand in the corner'," Erik admitted ambling over to the nearest corner to obey.  "Good lad," Kol said softly. He continued spanking Jeremy over his briefs for another two minutes until Jeremy was squirming and wiggling.  "Now, go stand in the corner. Switch with Erik," Kol ordered with a final hard crack on the center of his rear to get him up. Jeremy scrambled to get off his uncle's lap before he got spanked further. He behind was burning and he needed the break. Kol got up to go get a towel. The salve he got was the spray kind, but he was afraid he would get it on his hands or Erik would. The wolfsbane and vervain would burn Erik in particular.  Kol spied Jeremy rubbing his behind with one hand as he shifted from foot to foot in the corner. Kol grabbed the paddle off the corner table and went over to correct his wayward nephew.  "Are you allowed to rub your backside while in the corner, Jeremy?" Kol scolded.  "No! I'm sorry! Please, Uncle Kol, I forget," Jeremy begged as Kol gripped his arm. Jeremy struggled to free himself from his grip, but it was pointless. "This will remind you, lad," Kol said pulling his briefs down to his knees and paddling him five times on each cheek until Jeremy was sobbing. Jeremy was dancing and shifting more than ever.  "Stay still, young man!" Kol warned giving him another paddle swat right on the center of behind for not answering.  "Yes, sir! Sorry, sir," Jeremy shouted out. Tears were running down Jeremy's face.  "Sorry to keep you," Kol said to Erik as he made his way back to the couch. Kol turned Erik and bared his behind to spray on the salve. He could tell it stung and took a moment to sink in. He pulled up Erik's underpants and then put the boy over his knee as he did with Jeremy. Erik was shorter and from the start, he seemed to flail and kick more violently than Jeremy had from the start. Kol swatted his behind for two minutes to warm him up as Erik began to squirm and call out for the spanking to stop.  "I'll stop spanking your backside when you have learned your lesson, young man!" Kol lectured.  Kol stood up Erik and walked him to the corner.  "Now, no rubbing, unless you want an extra paddling, too," Kol promised Erik.  "Yes, sir," Erik said solemnly as Kol placed his hands at his side. Kol pulled Jeremy out of the corner and helped him as he shuffled along the best he could with his pants down around his ankles.  Kol pulled down Jeremy's briefs and for a moment Jeremy tried to fight him until Kol turned him and smacked the back of his legs hard.  "No, ouch!" Jeremy cried beginning to wail harder.  "Step out," Kol ordered as he helped Jeremy take off his pants and briefs. Kol put the towel on his lap again and took out another tube of salve.  "This salve will help keep you from bruising or all that. Just a little longer," Kol said smoothing on the thicker human version of the herbal concoction.  "But it's not over...Our dad will be mad...," Jeremy sobbed.  Kol paused, but continued rubbing, "You know your dad won't be that cross with you if he knows I punished you already. Aye, he might have a little to say but it won't be this bad. Alright?" Kol prompted finished up and picking up the ping pong paddle from the coffee table.  Jeremy tried to see what Kol was doing, but couldn't turn that much. Kol handed him a throw pillow and he buried his face in it.  Kol almost chuckled a moment, "Even without supernatural healing, your backside is hardly red. We'll fix that and then you two lads are going right to bed in here, where I can watch ya." Jeremy groaned, "It's like 9." Kol laughed again and gave him the first smack. Jeremy couldn't help but clench at the sudden sting. Whap! "Oh, but you'll be up early. Suspended or no, your Uncle Elijah arranged for your school work. Plus, he probably has a few chores you lads can do," Kol mentioned as he began to swat from the right cheek to the left.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Jeremy buried his face in the pillow and tried to stay still, but after 15 firm whacks, he was writhing. Soon, he was trying to cover his backside with his feet, then his hands.  "Hands back here, Jeremy," Kol demanded. Jeremy put his hands back and braced himself for the worst. His breath was hitching and he was sure his backside was burning and swollen. Yet Kol continued paddling him without respite.  "P-Please, pleasssee, nooooo, ahhhhh, stoop," Jeremy wailed. Finally, he just cried and then went limp.  Pop! Pop! Pop! POP! POP! Jeremy couldn't really tell when it was over. Kol had stopped and was speaking in him in a low voice. He had released his hands a while ago. "Now, your backside is red. As red as the blood those vamps wanted to suck out of your mortal body, nephew. Promise me, never again will you be so careless. Your magic ring cannot put your head back on or sew on a leg. You have to be careful. Come now, it's over," Kol soothed. He pulled Jeremy up and let him kneel on the couch a moment as he put his arms around him.  "S-sorrry, Uncle Kol," Jeremy sputtered. Kol wiped his face a minute. "I know. Now let's get you in bed. I need to take care of your naughty brother, Erik. Silly boys, so disobedient. It only takes one mistake to end it," Kol said as he helped Jeremy to the bed. Jeremy laid face down and Kol put the sheet over him.  Kol went to the corner and gently tapped Erik, "Come on, mate. It's your turn." He realized Erik was already crying. Kol knew he should be sterner, but he lost his resolve.  "Come here, lad," Kol said as he embraced the blond boy. "Will you talk to me?"  Erik shrugged, "Sometimes I just don't know why...Are they going to be okay down there in New Orleans? Maybe I could have helped?" Erik dissolved into more tears.  "It's alright. Let's do this and then we can talk if you're up for it. Maybe we also speak to Connor, eh? He's not too pleased with you either," Kol admonished.  Erik wiped his eyes with the back of his hand, "I know."  Kol led Erik to the couch and sat down.
  
    Chapter Text
    Life always offers us a second chance. It’s called tomorrow. So don’t give up against adverse circumstances and keep fighting. -Anurag Prakash Ray Mystic Falls, VirginiaMikaelson MansionTuesday, January 16, 2011After Dinner Bonnie took the new toothbrush, toothpaste, bag of soap and toiletries from Vanessa with thanks. She was in the boys' old bedroom with the triple bunk bed. The room had been cleaned, but all the electronics and couches had been removed. Bonnie still felt like she could smell the scent of dirty socks and sweat lingering. She knew it was all in her head, but the room just had a masculine feel to it. There was a basketball hoop still hanging off one closet and a few posters abandoned. "This is all so nice of you for letting me stay here while my dad is gone, Miss M, I mean, Vanessa. I guess I am kind of shaken after today. I usually don't mind being alone so much, but on nights like this, it can be hard," Bonnie admitted.  "Hey Bonnie, you know you are welcome here anytime, right? We really mean that. Is your dad going to be angry about your suspension?" Vanessa asked carefully.  "He would hit the roof. My dad is a good guy and works a lot, but he wasn't really cut out to be a single father. When my mom took off, it's like he just gave up. Honestly, I'm going to have to delete that phone message when I get home for his own good," Bonnie admitted. "He has high blood pressure and the stress just isn't good for him." "You know, my parents were pretty distant and I kind of felt like I was on my own a lot. It's not a great feeling, but it does make you independent in some ways. But that doesn't make it any easier when you need someone or something," Vanessa said sitting on the edge of the bed. She pulled a thread out of the blanket. Bonnie has been her student for the short time she worked at MFHS and she never knew all of this. It made Vanessa sad to hear. Cami and Penny came in through the open door. Sadie trailed behind them. "Hey, sorry to barge in, Penny wants to ask you something," Cami smiled.  "Sure, Pen. Ask me anything," Bonnie smiled at the pale girl in front of her. Bonnie petted Sadie and then tried unsuccessfully to brush the fur off her pants.  "Bonnie, do you want to stay in my new room with me tonight?" Penny asked shyly.  Before Bonnie could answer, Cami added, "It's pretty cool. It's got the rotating closet thingy that everyone likes...Penny hasn't slept up there yet. There is a lot of room." Bonnie jumped in, eager to get away from the locker room feel of this abandoned bedroom. "Yes, I'll stay. It sounds fun." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Kol's QuartersEveningKol led Erik to the couch. He really didn't want to draw this out, but he didn't want to rush through it either. Erik had been restless and on edge lately and earlier today, it could have contributed to Jeremy, Bonnie, and Erik getting hurt or killed.  "It was a long day, but it's not going to be over until we get some things straightened out," Kol said as he turned Erik and pulled down his briefs to his knees. He sprayed another layer of the salve over his backside and upper thighs. Erik felt his face flush and wanted to pull away, but forced himself to stand there.  "Yes, sir. I know...it was stupid to think I could protect them," Erik admitted.  "Over," Kol said helping Erik to lay facedown over his lap,"It wasn't stupid. You are very strong and fast. But there is an art to offense and defense. Training takes time and practice. You'll learn it eventually."  Kol gave Erik a clean throw pillow and threw his right leg over Erik's legs to pin them.  The salve seemed to make the swats sting more and he didn't want him bouncing around violently.  "Keep your hands up front or I'm going to have to hold them. Think about how you are going to make a smart decision next time with each whack," Kol advised. Kol rested the smooth black surface of the ping pong paddle over Erik's bare cheeks. Then, he flipped to the rough red side and raised the paddle slightly before bringing it down. Erik grunted, "I will. It hurts already just from your hand, I'm learning-" Pop! Kol swatted Erik right across both cheeks firmly. Crack! "You are young, Erik. But aye, you will learn. We are here for you," Kol said as he paddled him hard once more. Whack! "Uncle Kol!" Erik gasped. The shock of the swats startled him. He thought he was prepared, but he wasn't. Erik tried to shift, but found that with his legs trapped, he could not moved. Whap!  Kol was smacking his nephew slowly, but using his wrist to bring the paddle down with a snap. Smack! Erik hated not being able to move and in frustration and pain began to cry. If he could just push himself up, he could get free, Erik thought frantically. Kol heard Erik crying and continued the slow pacing of the punishment. Whack! "It really stings bad! Please Uncle Kol, stop!" Erik begged. Pop! He threw back his right hand as he cried into the pillow he held with his left hand. "Move the hand!" Kol warned. Crack! Crack! Kol swatted lower under the crease of Erik's behind. Crack! Crack! The smacks to the thigh hurt more and Erik wailed loudly. "Owwww," Erik moaned, now wailing and moved his hand away from his burning bottom. Kol rewarded him by continuing to paddle his now pink cheeks. Erik felt tears drip down his face which he hid in the pillow in shame. With the little he could move, he kicked out his feet back and forth as the paddle began to cover his whole backside. Only when it looked red to Kol did he start spanking faster and lighter from cheek to cheek. Erik tried to rock his hips back and forth the best that he could be he was pinned. Nothing made the fierce burn that the little round paddle produced diminish.  "This is what happens when you skip out of school and disobey your... elders. I know you will not do that again. If you do, this little whacking will look like a pat on the head," Kol promised.  Kol paddled his hybrid nephew for twenty more whacks until Erik went hoarse from hollering. Erik went from feeling hysterical to just being sore and spent. He knew he would never be able to sit down again. "Now, are you going to start behaving yourself better? In school and at home? Being kinder to your brother, too?" Kol scolded. crack! crack! "Y-Yessss, sirrrr! I'll b-behave. S-sorryyy," Erik promised.  "I know. A tad more and then we'll get all sorted out," Kol remarked.  Kol gave Erik three more cracks on his sit spots and stopped paddling. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! If that wasn't enough, then, too bad. He felt the boy had cried himself out and learned his lesson the hard way. Kol let him have a moment to recover and then unclamped his leg and started to stand up his nephew. Erik's face was swollen and streaked with tears.  "Oh hell, let's wipe your face. Hands away from your backside! The salve will burn them," Kol warned. He pulled Erik's briefs up carefully. Erik immediately clutched the seat of his pants and tried to even out the burning ache. Kol patted Erik's back. After a few moments, Kol hugged him as Erik stood. He grabbed a tissue to hand to him to wipe his face. "Do you want me to see if Connor is up, mate?" Kol said.  Erik swiped away more tears quickly, as if Kol hadn't just seen him crying for the last half hour or so.  "I guess," Erik said.  "Mate, Erik, listen. I have four brothers, it's not...easy. Yes, you love them, but sometimes you loathe them. You could have been killed tonight. Yes, he's angry at you, but that comes from caring," Kol cautioned.  Erik realized he was still in his t-shirt and white briefs. He felt like his backside was hot enough to be glowing red through the thin white cloth. Erik glanced behind him for a second, though he really couldn't see anything. Kol smiled and told Erik to get in the bed besides Jeremy on his stomach.  "How about you can talk to the guys tomorrow? You two are exhausted," Kol said.  "No, it's okay. Can you get Connor?" Erik asked.  "Sure, mate," Kol replied and went to see if Connor was around.  Jeremy went to rub his backside and winced.  "You know the last time I got suspended?" Jeremy started.  "Yeah, kind of," Erik said softly.  "Dad said I was going to get it every morning to remind me to behave," Jermey shared.  "And did you?" Erik asked.  "Just a token swat the first two mornings, but on the third I lied and really got paddled the worst time ever.  I'm sure Uncle Kol doesn't even know about that," Jeremy added.  "Don't remind him," Erik suggested as the door opened and Matt and Connor came in.  Matt went over to Jeremy and talked to him in a low voice while Connor made his way to Erik.  "I guess I finally got whupped as hard as I deserved. Twice in one day," Erik said.  "Were you trying to get y'all killed? Erik, what were you thinking? You guys lied to me! Why?" Connor demanded.  Jeremy turned to his side, "Connor, man, that was all my fault. It was all my idea. I roped Erik into it. Please don't be mad at him."  "I ain't mad. Just sick thinking of what could have happened. Those camp vamps sound awful. What if the siphons were there? You was told to stay away and what did you fools do? Run into danger!" Connor spewed.  Erik also turned painfully, "Connor, I am sorry. I'm done being an asshole and an idiot. It ain't worth it, really. Plus, my butt can't take another lickin' like that. Uncle Kol paddles harder than Dad. We learned our lesson."  "Good, cause Dad is probably gonna put you both over his knee again when he finds out what you did. And he'd have every right to! Penny is human now. We gotta be good examples for her. And Jeremy? Do you think this stunt impressed Bonnie? It did not," Connor admonished. "I guess not. Connor, you don't really think Dad is going to...spank us again, do you?" Jeremy whined.  "What's the rule?" Connor reminded them.  "If we get in trouble when he's gone, he's gonna double it when he's back," Erik repeated from memory. In truth, Klaus hadn't followed through with that one, but they had never pulled a stunt this dangerous when he was away. Matt frowned, "Been there before. That's a tough one, especially when you get walloped again on a sore butt."  Kol came up to the bed. He had been sitting on his couch area on his phone.  "Connor, we talked about this. They made a mistake. They have been punished. Now, say goodnight," Kol admonished him.  "Sorry, I am glad y'all are okay," Connor said putting his hand on Erik's head.  "Is Bonnie okay?" Jeremy asked.  "She's with the ladies. Seems fine," Matt reported "Uncle Kol, hear anything from New Orleans yet?" Connor asked standing up and starting to follow Matt out. "Not yet, lads. I thought they would have called by now. I'm sure we'll hear back soon. Now get to bed. It's almost 11pm. If Elijah comes up here, we're all going to hear about it," Kol reminded them with a smile.  "Too late," Elijah said, walking in.  "Brother, the boys were just heading off to bed," Kol announced giving them a pointed look.  "It's alright. I came up to tell you all that all is well. Everyone is back at the Compound in New Orleans. There's a chance they might all visit this weekend, too," Elijah said clapping Kol on the back. It had been a while since he had seen Davina.  "That's great news!" Matt exclaimed. Jeremy and Erik exhaled loudly.  "Finally. Will Dad be home tomorrow?" Connor asked.  "I believe they are going to take the jet first in the morning. I didn't mention the incident today as they were all exhausted, but I suppose, Niklaus will notice Erik and Jeremy being home from school all day," Elijah admitted.  "We could play sick?" Jeremy smiled.  "Or everyone could stay home and we could say it was a teacher work day?" Erik laughed.  "Kol, are you sure you spanked them hard enough? Maybe I should just..," Elijah joked going toward the paddle, still on the coffee table.  "No! We're just kidding. We'll tell Dad what we did when he gets home," Jeremy promised. He knew Elijah was joking, but he was too sore to even take a play swat.  "Yes, you will," Elijah agreed. "We're certainly not telling him!"  Elijah steered out Matt and Connor after saying goodnight.  "See? It all works out," Kol said, he got into bed in between them after turning off the lights. Kol pulled each boy to him on each side.  "Uncle Kol, I know you said you were going to do to me exactly what Dad does, but how did you know about this? How sometimes he...holds us and hugs us when we're real upset?" Erik whispered in the dark. "When we were children, we all slept in the loft above our little house. We didn't even have beds, but like bed rolls and hay. Sometimes, when Bex and I were afraid...like there was a storm or we had a bad dream, your father would hold Rebekah and me like this, though he was wasn't much older," Kol recalled.  "Maybe it was the wolf in him," Erik mused. "Connor and I used to sleep burrowed in a closet under blankets so no one would find us." "You survived, lad, as we did, together. I meant it when I said it can all be over quickly, like the blink of an eye. I've seen ten thousand people die. Every single one perished with a look of pure shock on their face. Death comes for boys, too. Don't even forget that, but you are not alone, none of us will go down without a fight," Kol said in an emotionless voice.  "We won't either," Jeremy promised snuggling closer to his uncle. It was ironic that Kol had swatted him to keep him safe, but Jeremy was grateful all the same.  "What about those cave vampires? Will they be okay in there?" Erik wondered. He shifted to his side more to take weight off his backside. Erik felt an itchy tightness through the heat in his lower cheeks, maybe that was the slow healing? "We'll probably need to go back tomorrow and investigate. Clear it out. And by 'we', I mean, the adults. Go to sleep now. You know Elijah is going to wake you up to sit you at the dining room table at the crack of dawn tomorrow. I love you, lads," Kol said closing his own eyes. He tried not to think of Davina coming this weekend.  "Love you," the boys replied. They hoped that Elijah would not wake them up early, but neither was hopeful. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Fell's Church Annabelle Zhu vamped down through the floor of Fell's Church. She had to get her mother out. Pearl had been in that damn tomb for too long. That bitch Katherine had seen to that.  Anna was old, she was 540 years old and pushed aside the stone door blocking the tomb with little problem.  "Mother," Anna called timidly. Her vampire eyes saw the remnants of some small animals that must have burrowed in through the walls of the tomb. Then, Anna smelled and saw the remains of two or three dead vampires. She didn't recognize them. But it had been 146 years since this tomb had been closed. She had spent 146 years without her mother because of Katherine. Anna heard a sound and vamped to it. It was another vampire that she didn't know. A woman, who was barely moving. She moved on until she found the desiccated body of Pearl deep in the tomb. The woman who had both given her birth and saved her from the sickness by having her turned. Anna passed all the others without looking. The clothing was filthy and ragged, but still took her back to that terrible night.  "Mama!" Anna wailed. Her beautiful mother, with her smooth Asian skin and silky black hair was wrinkled. She took out the blood bag she stashed in her backpack and started to drip the blood in Pearl's mouth. After a few breathless moments, Pearl began to stir.  "Annabelle, my girl...y-you came for me," Pearl croaked. Her brown eyes opened and saw her daughter for the first time since the man who loved her dragged her away to her doom.  "Mama, don't try to talk. Drink. Get your strength," Anna implored. She had to get her mother out of this filthy place. She picked up her mother and vamped her out of the tomb. Still carrying her beloved mother, Anna put the stone in place to prevent any other vampires from escaping with her foot. She knew Katherine had been smuggled out of the tomb the night she was put in. There was no one else she cared about.  Anna had faked her own death with Jeremy Gilbert almost a year ago. She had then compelled him to forget about her. It had been easy after she switched out his tacky vervain bracelet. She then was able to plant the ideas for him to look for the Gilbert diaries. Anna knew the founders passed them down to their relatives. Somehow, after 146 miserable years, today, her plan had worked. Anna had her mother back. Nothing else matters. They had a second chance at happiness. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Thursday, January 18, 2011Mikaelson MansionNoonKlaus had never been so glad to be home. Cami greeted him at the garage door with a kiss. Klaus dragged his hands through her blond hair and smelled her skin, she always smelled of Ivory soap and faintly of the floral perfume she dabbed behind her ears.  "Never again, my love will I leave you. I swear to you," Klaus professed.  "I am going to hold you to it. We all missed you so much," Cami grinned as his hand slid down her back.  "Ah, not so far, sport! Your boys have something to tell you. Elijah sat them in the dining room to do their school work where he can supervise them," Cami informed him. Cami's uncle was on her mind, but Klaus had already told her everything he knew on the phone. She put Uncle Kieran out of her head so Klaus could be updated about Jeremy and Erik's antics. "Children? Something tells me I'm not going to be happy," Klaus groaned. Cami turned to greet Freya, the twins, and Kol. Marcel, Rebekah, and Davina were hauling in their luggage. Kol came around the corner and stopped short. He saw Klaus and muttered for him to talk to the boys first. Then, he shook hands with Marcel, kissed Rebekah's cheek, and hugged Davina. He tried to appear causal with her.   Vanessa popped in and said hello. She encouraged the girls to go see their new bedroom together. Rebekah said she would go with them, she wanted to check out their closet herself.  Klaus took a breath and went to the dining room to see Erik and Jeremy sitting at the table with Bonnie. They were all spread out from each other as far as possible.  "Dad!" Jeremy exclaimed popping up. Klaus embraced his son and looked at Erik and Bonnie sitting at the table with some textbooks and binders out in front of them.  "Hey Dad," Erik followed as he also got up slowly and hugged Klaus.  "Boys, Bonnie, I'm happy to see you, but a little confused. Want to fill me in?" Klaus asked firmly.  "Yes, sir. But can we go to your room or our room? Please, Dad?" Erik asked timidly.  Jeremy nodded, he thought they should get as far from the kitchen as possible. He had been bent over the island once or twice and swatted and he didn't want to have a repeat of that. The proximity of the paddle in the drawer also made him nervous. His backside had recovered from last night, but he didn't want to get it in Bonnie's hearing, or worse, with her seeing! Bonnie flinched as she heard Freya yell her name from the kitchen. "Bonnie Bennett! Can you come here please?" Freya hollered.  "Ah, excuse me. I better go catch up Freya," Bonnie giggled nervously.  Jeremy murmured, "Good luck, Bonnie." He patted her arm as she passed and she smiled at him.  Klaus said, "Let's go up to your room and talk then, boys." Elijah came out from his study. "Welcome home, Brother," Elijah said clamping Klaus on the shoulder. "I trust these young men are going to tell you about yesterday?"  "Yes, Uncle Elijah," Jeremy answered guiltily. Elijah had actually let them sleep in, but then woke them up, made them breakfast, and then helped them with their school work. He knew they were nervous about what their father would do when he got home. "Good," Elijah said. "I'm going to go see the others. Just tell the truth, boys." Klaus and the two his boys took the elevator up to their new bedroom on the fourth floor. Klaus told them about the battle and a little about the witches, but didn't go into great detail.   They sat in the couch area when they go in the room.  "So?" Klaus prompted.  Erik started, "We got an out-of-school suspension today for skipping yourself afternoon."  "Oh Erik! Why on earth would you do that?" Klaus exclaimed in shock. Erik explained how he had run off and found the tomb earlier that day.  Jeremy flushed hotly, "I asked Erik to check out the tomb with me...Alaric warned us not to go. But we thought we could handle it. Plus, we brought Bonnie."  "Could you handle it?" Klaus asked sharply.  Erik put a restraining hand on Jeremy, "No, sir. I let everyone down. Bonnie opened the tomb and the vamps were still fast and strong. Uncle Ric and Uncle Kol saved us. I need trained!" "Yes, you do. But until you can learn to obey, you would be a poor student," Klaus scolded.  "Uncle Kol already punished us last night," Jeremy added.  "He took a switch to me earlier so I got it twice in one day!" Erik complained.  "Well, the first time wasn't hard enough apparently for you to learn your lesson!" Klaus retorted.  Erik now turned red, "Not the first time, I guess. But Dad, he spanked us even harder than you do last night. I swear!"  "Hmmph," Klaus murmured. He was at a loss. The last thing he wanted to do was punish these boys again, but he had promised them double if they misbehaved while he was gone.  Jeremy saw the look of uncertainty on his father's face and decided they had a chance, "He really paddled us so we learned our lesson. Dad, you don't have to do it again, no matter what you said."  With that Jeremy unknowingly sealed their fate, Klaus made up his mind. "I did warn you what would happen. I am tired of you disobeying me. I'm afraid you've both earned another red backside. Go to the bathroom now if you need to boys and then back here. I'm going to get the yardstick," Klaus said firmly.  "No, Uncle Kol used the ping pong paddle! It really hurt. Please, no," Jeremy whined.  "One," Klaus began calmly. "I am not going to argue with you. Nor am I going to listen to your excuses. Now hop to it."  Erik tried now, "But-,"  "Two," Klaus continued as both boys finally decided to try to go to the restroom. Klaus left and went to get a yardstick he had seen in the hall closet. It was not an old yardstick, but one purchased at a home improvement store. It was sturdy and should do nicely.  When Klaus came back in Erik was sitting on the bed hanging his head. "After this, I hope I won't have to worry about you disregarding your safety and others' safety. Now, trousers down and over the bed," Klaus said with resolve.  Erik unbuttoned his jeans and took them down, leaving up his briefs. Klaus helped him get in position over the bed. Jeremy came in and Klaus indicated that he do the same. Jeremy opened his mouth to protest. "No more, Son. You get to three and you will spend the evening in this room," Klaus warned.  Jeremy's eyes widened with surprise that his father would threaten him like that with Bonnie here. Then, he realized that is why he did it. He clamped his mouth shut and resolved to take the whacks with bravery. "You're both going to need to take down your briefs, please," Klaus informed them. Klaus ran his hand over to make sure there was no damage or welts. He saw or felt not evidence that Kol had paddled the boys just before bed the night before.  Klaus stood behind Erik first and lined up the wooden stick for a moment. He tapped it several times on Erik's bottom before bringing it down with a thwack. Thwack! Erik's hands were under his chin. He took the next five without moving, but then began to buck.  Klaus moved to Jeremy and swatted his behind smartly with the yardstick. He reacted more vocally and yelled out with each lick. Each whack of the heavy stick left a red mark. Klaus leaned over to hold down Jeremy with his left hand tightly.  Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Klaus moved back to continue Erik's spanking for another seven smacks and then back to Jeremy. Klaus did another circuit and swatted Erik harder due to his supernatural healing. He barely used any of his strength with Jeremy, but the boy was bouncing and trying to pop up as his white backside was once again turned red. Klaus ended up giving them around thirty cracks with the yardstick and then around five hard spanks with his hand.  When Erik's hide was a matching shade, Klaus stopped. He took the yardstick and placed it on the dresser. He wanted to take it with him.  "Okay, boys, you can pull up your pants," Klaus informed them. "But you have to both promise me that you will never act up like this again. Or do something so foolhardy. Promise." Both boys groaned as their cotton underpants scraped upon their rear ends.  "I promised," Jeremy said as silent tears rolled down his face. Erik asked croaked out that he promised. He wasn't crying, but his face was splotchy.  Klaus hugged both of them as they stood up, "I'm sorry I had to do that. I just didn't want some drawn out punishment. But boys, I mean what I say. I expect you to obey the adults around here including Ric and Kol You owe both of them apologies, as well as Bonnie. We'll speak no more of this, unless you wish to." They muttered their apologies and more promises to behave and snuck a few rubs in to their sore bottoms. Both boys were just relieved their dad was home and not mad at them.  Klaus walked them back downstairs to continue their schoolwork. Jeremy was a little sorer than Erik, but Klaus told Erik no blood until dinner. The other kids wouldn't be home for two more hours and Klaus found Cami and led her up to his bedroom.^^^^^^^^^^^"Bonnie, I don't even...You could have been killed!" Freya yelled. Kol had filled in Freya in detail about the events and she was not happy. Freya had taken Bonnie into her own bedroom off of the kitchen for some privacy. She just wanted to speak with her and make sure she would never pull this kind of stunt again. Bonnie had a level head on her shoulders. Freya was confident that they could have a mature conversation and leave it at that.  "But Kol came and Ric. We're fine. You are overreacting! You know I can defend myself," Bonnie reminded her. Bonnie was irritated that Freya had left and now felt like she could just waltz in and yell at her, like she really cared! "You think you can, but you have a lot to learn! This is not a joke. It would have only taken that vampire a second to drain you or rip out your heart," Freya lectured.  "Well, maybe if you were here I wouldn't have had to be there," Bonnie retorted.  "Bonnie, Kai and the twins were kidnapped. I had no choice," Freya replied. She was started to get it.  "Oh, sorry, you have kids now. I get it, nothing else matters," Bonnie reported.  "Bonnie, yes, the kids are important to me, but so are you. Are you feeling left out?" Freya asked with concern.  "No, of course, not," Bonnie defended.  "Bonnie, do I need to show you how much I care?" Freya warned.  "No! You have no right to leave and then suddenly come back here and act like you care!" Bonnie shouted.  "Bonnie Bennett, that is enough. You better get yourself together and settle down," Freya warned.  "Or what? You know what? I won't be treated like this. You have no right to yell at me for trying to help. So fuck off," Bonnie screamed in a rage.  Freya had never seen Bonnie throw a tantrum like this before.  "Bonnie, I am not allowing you to go home in this state. And not to an empty house. Now sit down and let's talk," Freya reasoned.  "I'd rather be alone than...Fuck!," Bonnie couldn't finish. She was so angry that she could do nothing but stamp her foot and make a fist.  "Okay, we're going to take care of this," Freya said gently taking Bonnie by the arm. "No! No!" Bonnie protested as Freya marched her into the bathroom. "What are you doing?" "Washing out your mouth with soap," Freya informed her.  "No, Freya, you can't," Bonnie argued. Freya had a strong grip on her arm. She let go of Bonnie and shut the bathroom door. Unknown to Bonnie, she sealed it shut with magic.  Freya began to run the hot water from the tap of the sink. Bonnie started to cry as Freya found a new bar of soap and unwrapped it. She got a wash cloth and set it on the counter, with the soap on top of it.  "Take off your sweater, Bonnie. Hang it on the hook," Freya said calmly. Bonnie obeyed and still had on a turtle neck and leggings.  "Hon, that is going to be a mess. Take that top off and you can wear this robe. It's clean," Freya said handing Bonnie a silk robe.  Bonnie grimaced, "No thanks. I don't care."  "Bonnie, your shirt is going to get all wet. Now, take it off. I can turn around if it's that," Freya added.  "I just don't want to get in more trouble. Jeremy said that we might get...," Bonnie started anxiously.  "What, hon?" Freya asked concerned.  "Jeremy said that the last time he got suspended he got paddled every morning, so I just thought, well...just in case," Bonnie explained. She took down her black leggings and stepped out.  Freya laughed, "Oh Bonnie, are you wearing four, no five pairs of underwear?"  Bonnie nodded through her tears, "I found these in the drawers after Penny went to school. I guess they are the twins. Sorry."  "Bonnie, first of all, Elijah would never have paddled you without your father's permission. He wouldn't feel like it is appropriate for a man to discipline a teenage girl like that. And even with Jeremy, his father gave him one swat in the morning for getting suspended three days. Honestly, I was there and Niklaus barely tapped him. I just don't want you to get the wrong impression," Freya explained carefully.  "Are you going to spank me after you wash out my mouth?" Bonnie asked.  "Unlike my brother, I do have your father's permission to discipline you. I am not sure how much he shared, but he has often called to ask me to look in on you when he is away. Bonnie, your dad loves you and he worries that you are alone too much," Freya said pulling Bonnie into a hug.  "I know. But he told you that you can punish me? He doesn't even punish me!" Bonnie gulped.  "Hon, your dad left that to your mom when she was around and your Grams. Like Elijah, he is not comfortable smacking you or even grounding you since he is not there. He told me that he thought you needed a firmer hand and he would be grateful if...well, if I helped you when you needed to problem solve. He wants the times he is home to be good times," Freya confided.  "Freya, I know I've been a brat, but can't you just forget about it. It won't happen again. I swear," Bonnie begged as she pulled away from Freya.  "Swearing is why you are going to have a soapy mouth. The walking into danger stuff is why you are going to have a smarting behind. Now, clothes off and put on the robe," Freya said firmly. She did turn to tend to the soap and allow Bonnie some privacy.  "No, please," Bonnie whined again.   Freya's patience with the young witch snapped. She hadn't wanted to tell Bonnie that he father had asked Freya to keep an eye on her. It wasn't a secret, but she also didn't want Bonnie to feel like she was a burden.  Freya grabbed Bonnie and leaned her over her thigh as she put her left foot on the edge of the tub. Freya skimmed down four pairs of the nylon panties down below Bonnie's behind, but left one pair up.  Smack!Smack!Smack! Freya swatted Bonnie hard on the seat of the nylon underpants.  "OH!" Bonnie yelped. That really stung.  "I think getting spanked over nylon is worse than the bare. Be careful when trying to be devious, young lady," Freya recommended. Bonnie's right arm flew behind to try to block the swats. Freya pinned her hand and kept spanking Bonnie briskly over her panties.  "Ohhhhh, Freya, ouch. Sorry. I'll p-put on the robe!" Bonnie promised as she tried to get out of place. Freya was having none of it and landed four hard spanks on Bonnie's sit spots.  "That spanking was for disobedience. Now obey me and take off the shirt and put on the robe please," Freya ordered. Bonnie sobbed in pain and shock. Freya had spanked her before once, but this time seemed worse and much more intense. Freya again fixed the soap and wash cloth and Bonnie finally changed into the silk robe. She left on the underwear, but was desperate to rub her pink cheeks through the silky fabric. Freya's stern glare keep her hands at her side.  Freya had Bonnie sit on the closed toilet seat. Bonnie wiggled and shifted as her sore behind make contact, but she knew better than to get up. Freya put the soapy washcloth in her mouth and rubbed it around. Then, she finally put the sudsy bar of soap in between Bonnie's teeth. Bonnie gagged, but managed to keep the bar locked between her teeth. Freya gently wiped Bonnie's mouth with a clean cloth. "I think your childish tantrum and poor attitude is showing me that I need to have the next part of our conversation with you over my knee. Maybe my wooden spoon tearing up your behind with impress upon you the need to behave," Freya warned. Bonnie made a whining noise but couldn't speak with the soap in her mouth. Freya warned Bonnie to not move and went out in the kitchen to select her biggest wooden spoon. Then, she returned it and plucked out her olive wood spatula. It had a flat head and would be perfect for her purpose. Vanessa was at the glass door letting in the door. "Uh-oh, that doesn't look like a good sign," Vanessa cringed.  "She had a tantrum, a fit actually. I think Bonnie is feeling neglected by me and her dad. Vanessa, I almost feel like she needs to stay here when her dad is out of town. Or at least with Ric and Jenna. A young girl like that...needs people around," Freya insisted twirling the spoon.  "I was thinking the same thing. Bonnie is great with Penny. But I think she and Jeremy rekindled their little romance, so not sure if two dating teens should be under the same roof!" Vanessa laughed.  "Oh yeah, that's true. Well, I'm going to show Bonnie how much I care and then I'll talk to her about it. Did Keelin head upstairs?" Freya asked.  "Yes, she said she was going to take a nap and you should meet her up there...with wine," Vanessa smiled.  "I can do that...after," Freya said brandishing her wooden spoon. It felt heavy in her hand, but also rich somehow. She wiped it with olive oil and always reminded the kids to never put her precious spoons in the dishwasher or else.  "She needs some TLC. The girls are with Penny...Kai went hunting with Kol. All is well, go do your thing," Vanessa encouraged. She felt a tenderness for Bonnie and hoped that she found some more security soon.  Freya took the soap out of Bonnie's mouth. It was only a few moments, but Freya thought she got the point. She gave her a cup, mouthwash, and fished out a new toothbrush and toothpaste. "I can still taste it," Bonnie grimaced.  "I know, hon. But remember that when you even think of cursing or talking back. You are better than that. You know that everyone thinks the world of you, Bonnie," Freya said seriously. She had grabbed a jar of salve and a white cloth with her. "Thanks," Bonnie said wiping her mouth.  "But you misbehaved and made some dangerous mistakes, that kind of crap needs to stop," Freya admonished.  "It will," Bonnie squeaked as Freya pulled her in the other room towards the bed. She couldn't help but glance at the mean looking spoon in Freya's hand. "I'm only going to use the spoon at the end a bit if you cooperate with your spanking. If you don't, you are going to get more of it. Understand," Freya pressed.  "Ah, yeah," Bonnie muttered.  Freya turned and swatted her upper thigh with the spoon. "Excuse me?"  "Yes, ma'am!" Bonnie corrected. Freya nodded, sat on the bed and pulled Bonnie over her lap.  Bonnie's upper body was on the bed and her lower body was on the floor. Freya flipped up the robe and pulled the nylon underpants down as she applied the salve as Bonnie tried not to move.  "This will help keep you safe from bruising and marks. I think we are finding it makes your bottom more sensitive. That means the spanking hurts more, but it will be shorter. I'm going to pull these panties back up," Freya said.  Then, Freya moved back on the bed and had Bonnie put her legs on the bed.  "When you are over my lap, try to stay still. If you are pushing up and covering your behind, you are going to get spanked that much harder," Freya insisted.  "Yes, ma'am," Bonnie answered nervously.  She felt Freya pat her panty clad bottom and then felt the air whoosh up. Crack! Crack! Crack!Bonnie lifted up and almost scrambled off Freya's knee before the older, stronger witch caught her.  "I told you a spankin' with the salve hurts. The nylon isn't helping but we aren't going to have a repeat of this behavior are we?" Freya lectured.  Spank! Spank! Spank! Freya was cracking Bonnie once in the center of each cheek and then across both cheeks.  "Ouch! Ouch....stop, s-stop," Bonnie begged in a grasping voice.  Whack! Whack! Whack! Bonnie wailed as the burning spanks became unbearable. Freya spanked for another moment and then picked up the spoon.  "The spoon is to help you remember that your life is precious to us. You cannot and will not throw it away," Freya said. Pop! Pop! Freya didn't intend to paddle Bonnie hard with the spoon. She thought ten whacks would be enough to make sure she would remember this the next time she did something rash. Pop! POP! POP! POP! Pop! "I'm sorry!!!!" Bonnie yelled. The spoon left vivid red marks. Bonnie thrashed and wriggled as the brush swatted her sit spots and bottom three more times hard.  POP! POP! POP! Freya set down the spoon and rubbed Bonnie's smarting bottom. "All over, hon. You're gonna be okay, Bonnie. We'll help take care of you. We all love you here. Davina is here visiting. All is forgiven now," Freya promised.  "Okay," Bonnie cried. Freya rubbed her back now.  "Ready to get up. I don't think you enjoyed being over my knee," Freya smiled.  "No, ma'am. I did't! I can get up," Bonnie protested. Bonnie stood and her hands went to rub her behind.  "Hon, it doesn't help. Usually, rubbing gets you more spanks, so hands off. I don't want to have to get the paddle," Freya threatened.  "No! Sorry," Bonnie quickly added. She couldn't imagine getting another swat.  "Come here. I do love you, hon," Freya opened her arms and Bonnie crawled in. She was grateful to not be face down, bottom up. Freya hugged her tightly and rocked her for a long time. Bonnie stopped crying and just felt happy to not feel lonely and so in charge of everything. It was nice to have someone take care of her again. "You're sleepy. You can take a bath in here or just rest in the bed. I can get your pajamas," Freya whispered.  "I'm okay. Won't everyone at dinner think that was weird if I was in pajamas?" Bonnie giggled.  "Yeah, probably," Freya admitted. "But you wouldn't be the first or last kid around here to do so. Anyone who said anything who be in trouble themselves."  Bonnie winced as she moved, "I would really like to talk to Jeremy. I know he and Erik both feel bad, but this wasn't all their fault."  "Okay, take the spoon and put it in the sink. I'll clean up here. You can just take the elevator up to the fourth floor to change," Freya said.  "Can you come with me?" Bonnie asked as she clutched the spoon.  "Yeah, of course, hon. Come on, lets' get you dressed before everyone gets home from school. You don't have to tell anyone anything about this unless you want to, okay?" Freya explained.  "Okay, thanks. And Freya...I mean it, thanks for everything," Bonnie said shyly. Freya put an arm around her.  "You're welcome. Come on, let's go," Freya said relieved that Bonnie seems good. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Thursday, January 18, 2011Mikaelson MansionLaterFreya found Keelin in the big pink marble bathtub. She had a bottle of Keelin's favorite Cabernet Sauvignon from Klaus' wine cellar and two glasses. It was easier to access the dungeon in the mansion, but Freya had the wine cellar codes.   "Freya, this tub. I mean, the bathtub in your old room was nice, but this is sublime," Keelin admitted.  "You are sublime for putting up with me and...just everything," Freya laughed back. She poured the wine to let it "breathe", as Elijah said, and then stripped.  "Just shut up that pretty mouth and get in here," Keelin groaned as she pounced forward in the tub. A spray of suds coated Freya's face and they laughed.  "Don't get suds in the wine!" Freya begged as she stepped down in the hot, sudsy water.  "I didn't," Keelin said taking her glass and taking a sip. "That's good."  "I stole it out of the wine cellar! It's been a long week," Freya confessed taking a big drink of her own.  "How is Bonnie?" Keelin said more seriously.  "Oh Keelin, poor thing. She was angry at me for...leaving. I think she was feeling neglected and maybe acting out. I had to tell her about how her dad contacts me. I'm going to talk to my brothers about her staying her when her dad is away," Freya said bashfully.  "Freya Mikaelson, you have the biggest heart. Is there anyone you would turn your back on?" Keelin asked with affection.  "She's my coven. And she shouldn't be alone. Keelin, I just hope that no kid feels like I did growing up with my aunt. Aunt Dahlia...so cold, so cruel. I guess my mom screwed her over, but I just cant' let anyone feel like that, if I can help it. There's so much room here...," Freya justified.  "Baby, you don't have to explain. You are sweet," Keelin said as she pulled Freya to her and nuzzled her neck.  "Well, Bonnie probably didn't so when I was spanking her butt with my teak spoon. She threw some F-bombs at me and a hissy fit. Keelin, her and those boys could have killed themselves...," Freya whispered.  "But they didn't. They are okay. Hey, hey, can you stop worrying for like 45 minutes...Let's have some time just for us and then you can go back to worrying. Deal?" Keelin inquired.  "Deal? This was a good idea...Can we do this everyday? Drink in the bathtub? Doesn't this have a hot tub feature thing?" Freya purred as she hit a button on the side of the tub.  "I don't have to be at work until 7am tomorrow, but I have you 45 minutes. No talking, lady," Keelin said silencing her with her lips. All Freya could do was kiss her back. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Outside 2:30pm Klaus left Cami sleeping and went downstairs to find his younger brother. As he often was right before the kids came home, Kol was out in the back with Sadie. He often threw a ball for Sadie to retrieve.  "Brother, having fun?" Klaus asked coming out on the patio.  "Always and forever, Nik. Glad to be back?" Kol said tossing a treat to Sadie.  "More than you know. Those siphons and witches pull a chill in my old bones. Father K., he's not good. But Kai is okay...Marcel and Rebekah are fine. Oh, Tyler's uncle Mason is in the Bayou. I haven't even told him," Klaus said gazing out at the tree line.  "Really? I thought he was dead, the way Tyler talked. That's good news, eh?" Kol said petting Sadie.  "I suppose. He was the one holding Rebekah and Marcel for that bitch Bastianna. The new Regent, this gent Vincent, promised they will take care of her. Anyway, thank you for taking care of things here. Brother, I owe you. I know how much of a handful my boys can be. I just took a yardstick to our suspended lads," Klaus revealed.  "Oh Nik, I gave them a pretty good going-over last night. And Erik, I even switched him in the morning...Not hard, but still," Kol remarked.  "Kol, I gave them my word that I would punish them if they didn't behave while I was gone. I don't want them to fear me, but I do want them to fear the consequences of them putting lives in danger. You know how fragile life can be," Klaus suggested.  "I understand. You need to keep your word to them. Nik, they missed you so much. They kept asking when you would be home. I almost wonder if they would have pulled this stunt if you were here. I mean, Alaric was so adamant that it wasn't save to even go near the tomb...," Kol murmured.  "It is curious. However, I think the threat from the Heretics is neutralized. Kai and the twin's parents sacrificed themselves. Kol, I've never seen anything like it. I guess we assumed they were evil people, but like us, they had been cursed, in a sense," Klaus said throwing the ball for Sadie to chase.  "What do you mean?" Kol said looking at his brother.  "The Geminis, the whole twin thing, was a curse. They were in a bad position really, they did the best they could with a horrible situation. I just hope the children can rebound," Klaus said watching Sadie running.  "How did they seem? How was Kai?" Kol asked.  "Good, almost too good. I guess the girls wrote off the parents long ago. And Kai, he also was expecting them to try to kill him. His twin Jo took off so who knows where she will turn up," Klaus wondered.  "Aye. We can add her to the list of unwelcome relatives, right under Dahlia," Kol blurted out.  "Dahlia's dead and with Mother, also dead," Klaus reasoned. He hoped they stayed dead. But, this was Mystic Falls, so Klaus never completely wrote anyone off.  "Again," Kol smiled. "Anyway, let's go in. It's getting cold."  "Wait, Kol. Are you okay with Davina being back? Tell me the truth," Klaus said gently.  "No, I mean. We really haven't talked.  This is her home. Just having her around makes me happy, that's all I need. Let we said, we're on a long break until she's 50. Anyhow, Cami glad to have you back?" Kol grinned.  "You could say that...," Klaus flushed as they went back in the kitchen. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^2:50pmKlaus and Kol went out to meet the younger kids at the gate when their bus dropped them off.  "Uncle Klaus! You're back!" Henrik shouted jumping down from the bus.  Penny squealed, "Dad! Finally," Klaus picked both of them up.  Kol greeted Finn, "Good day, mate?"  "Not really," Finn groused.  "What happened?" Kol asked.  "Nothing. I missed two on my spelling test and we didn't go out at recess...too cold," Finn complained as they went through the gate.  Something made Kol look up at the fourth floor window. She was there. Kol's Original vampire vision allowed him to see Davina watching him. She smiled and dropped the towel around her enough to flash her chest. So much for 'the long pause.' Kol's face flushed and he quickly glanced at Nik to make sure he hadn't seen. Klaus was putting down the kids and promising them that he would win them a big prize at Fun Town this weekend.  The next time Kol looked up, she was gone. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Girls' New Room2:50pm"Davina! What in the...heck?" Rebekah hissed. She saw Davina flash someone out the window. Rebekah vamped over and saw her brother out the window as she looked over Davina's shoulder. Davina was still wet from her shower and in a big, fluffy, white towel.  "Sorry, it was just a joke!" Davina whined tucking the towel back in.  "You know, it's not just Kol out there. Niklaus is out there, too. His vision is even better than Kol's. Did you think of that?" Rebekah fumed. Did Davina really just do that? Marcel had taken Davina aside on the jet and given her a talking-to about her behavior. She seemed to be showing off a little for the twins that she wasn't afraid of getting in trouble.  "No! I didn't think," Davina admitted.  Rebekah took a breath, "Okay, maybe I overreacted. I am not sure. But at any rate, I don't want to see you again. Or I'll speak to your father!"  Davina was about to laugh off whatever her mother said, but then she realized she wasn't joking. "No, that's not necessary. Chill!" Davina spat.  "Davina, did you mean to be disrespectful?" Rebekah asked calmly.  "No, ma'am," Davina said reluctantly.  "I don't want to fight. Get dressed. I just came up to see if you were getting settled," Rebekah said. Davina had moved most of her things into the new girls' room. It was huge and had a lot of cool features. She was growing closer to the twins, in particular Rachael. It might be fun to pretend like she had real sisters.  "Next time, you could try knocking!" Davina rejoined.  "Ah, I did, luv. I guess you were too preoccupied to hear me? The rest of the kids will be home soon. Elijah is making some kind of rack of lamb for dinner," Rebekah shared.  "I think I'm going to become a vegan," Davina smirked.  Rebekah bit the inside of her mouth and forced herself to not respond. She tried to react as little as possible to Davina's revelations and fits. Davina must have gotten that from Rachael, or was it Dana? Rebekah couldn't remember which one of them feigned being a vegan, when it was convenient. She rolled her eyes as she turned away from her daughter.  "Hurry up please, Davina. Don't be dallying all night up here," Rebekah warned.  "I won't," Davina said. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^7:49pmElijah stood to make a toast, "I just want to welcome everyone to the table tonight. It is good to have everyone all together where we belong. Always and forever." Vanessa gazed up at him. She was amazed that he looked impeccable in his expensive suit after making this huge dinner for everyone. Elijah smiled down at her and then the boys and the rest of the table.  The adults raised their wine glasses and drank.  "You call that a speech? Nik, you best show him how it's done," Kol bellowed out.  Klaus could never resist the invitation to speak. "If you all insist," Klaus started, the boys groaned, "I won't be long...When I first bought this very table from a small company in Italy and had it installed in this very room. I, I never dreamt that I would have all of my family around me again. This is what a house and a table should be, full and filled with love and food and fun. Plus, our family has grown in so many wonderful ways. I want to thank each and every one of you for joining us. Salut!"  "That's the shortest speech that you've ever given, Papa!" Marcel attested.  "Oh, that was just the beginning," Klaus joked.  "I know how to shut him up," Cami said kissing him on the mouth. The kids again groaned again and Kol went to cover Henrik's eyes and tickled him until Elijah scolded him. Kol just tickled him harder as Henrik laughed hard. "Kol, he's going to be sick. Stop," Elijah said.  "Oh Elijah, don't be an old stick in the mud!" Kol jested. Everyone laughed until Henrik threw up all over Kol. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^8:45pmKol went up to his room to shower and change. Davina was waiting for him when he came out of the bathroom. She was leaning again his couch.  "We only have a minute," Davina whispered as she ran to him.  "Darling, a minute with you is all I need," Kol asserted. He dug his hands through her thick brown hair and their lips met.  "You taste like wine, my darling," Kol purred.  "Taste me," Davina said offering her neck.  "No, I cannot. You must go," Kol gasped.  "I think of you all the time. Did you like what you saw today?" Davina giggled as she unbuttoned the top button of her pajama top.  "Aye, but don't get yourself in trouble for me, Davina! I cannot bear the thought of you being unhappy," Kol entreated.  "If you are happy, I am happy," Davina teased as she started to unbutton another button on her top.  "Luv, you must go. You've only been here a few hours. Please," Kol begged.  "Let's run away, Kol. I don't want to leave you again. Please me you will think about it," Davina added.  "No, I cannot," Kol asserted.  "I won't leave unless you do," Davina said unbuttoning another button. "Fine, I'll think about it," Kol conceded. "You better," Davina said flipping her hair back.  Davina smiled and walked out of his quarters leaving the door wide open.  Kol sat heavily on his couch and groaned. So much for them taking a long pause. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^StairwellAfter Henrik had puked at the dinner table, Davina had grabbed a half of a bottle of white wine. The older girls had guzzled it down in the stairwell on their way up to the third floor. "Finish it," Bonnie giggled as she shoved the bottle in Rachael's hands.  "Ugh, it's so sweet," Rachael grimaced.  "Quit complaining," Dana said grabbing the bottle and finishing it. "That hit the spot. Next time, we should get a whole bottle."  They managed to elude Penny and dump the bottle in the trash without anyone else knowing. Dana warned the girls, "Just don't let Penny know."  Davina said, "I have to get something from my old room."  Thirty minutes later Davina scurried into bed right in between Dana and Rachael.  "Where were you?" Dana asked with suspicion.  "Brushing my teeth," Davina said with a smile.  "Liar," Rachael giggled.  "Why is she a liar, Rachael?" Penny asked in fascination.  "She's joking, Penny," Dana said in a pointed voice. She didn't want Penny to get dragged into Davina's petty romance.  "You were with Kol?" Bonnie queried.  "No, of course not," Davina answered nervously.  "It's after 10. You're lucky you didn't get caught!" Rachael reminded Davina. The boys had often warned them what happened if they got caught out of bed after ten. The girls suspected they were exaggerating, but they were never quite sure. "Why? My mom and dad are cool. Not like the others! I wouldn't even get in trouble," Davina bragged.  "Spoiled brat," Dana joked as she threw an extra pillow at Davina.  "I'm not a spoiled brat," Davina glanced at Penny and mouthed, "Bitch" to Dana. "Um, I've never seen kids more spoiled. I mean does everyone in this house have an iPad? It's disgusting," Dana criticized.  "They were Christmas presents. But we don't act bratty!" Davina defended.  "Um, I heard your dad trying to yell at you on the plane and I wanted to gag...'D., you better behave or I'm going to have to take your phone again.' Are you serious? You practically told your mom to go screw herself when she told you to put on a sweater," Rachael pressed.  "Okay, so he sometimes he isn't that strict, but other times, he gets really ticked. Enough about me, we really better go to bed. Tomorrow is the full moon and the day of the big moonlight ring ritual and all," Davina added, wanting to change the subject.  "Ah, guys, what's the big thing around here about being out of bed past 10. Would be like turn into pumpkins or something?" Bonnie asked out of curiosity.  "Go to bed, Bonnie!" Dana said throwing her last extra pillow at her.  "Sorry," Bonnie laughed. "What if I get like hungry in the middle of the night...?" Freya smiled to hear the girls laughing from outside the room when she stopped in to say goodnight. They were young and they should have times of laughter and silliness. She hoped to have more of them in the months and years to come. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^10:24pmKai was spending his first night since becoming a vampire in the bedroom with the other boys. He had discovered that his bedside table was also a refrigerator. It was filled with bags of blood. They were of animal blood, but Klaus told him that he could drink as much of it as he wanted.  Matt saw the blood and quipped, "Nice. Don't drink it all in one night."  "No danger of that. It tastes like piss," Kai replied.  "Well, if it keeps you from ripping out my throat, enjoy it," Jeremy joined in.  "I haven't ripped yours out yet," Erik smirked.  "'Yet' being the operative word, I reckon?" Connor said coming into the bedroom area. He went to his drawers to put a shirt on.  "Do you guys ever shut the fuck up?" Tyler said from his bed.  "No, what are you so crappy about?" Matt asked.  "I'm just tired," Tyler said flipping to his side. ;;;;;;;; Klaus called in, "I hope everyone is decent."  "Almost," Connor said as he got into bed.  "I just wanted to say goodnight. Boys, we have a big day tomorrow. I want everyone to be on high alert. I'm going to let you drive to school again. You can take the SUV and the truck. I want you to have vehicles at school in case something happens. Abuse the privilege again and it goes away again," Klaus said as he started to kiss each boy on the head.  "Love you, Dad," Erik said back as Klaus spent an extra moment with him.  "Me, too, Son," Klaus said and then said goodnight to Jeremy. Neither boy seemed to have any resentment against him.  Kai reiterated to Kai to drink the animal blood if he started fiending for blood in the middle of the night.  "I will, thanks," Kai promised.  "Alright then, goodnight, boys," Klaus said softly.  As Klaus exited the fourth floor, he decided to take the stairwell.  In the trash on a small landing, Klaus thought he saw the wine bottle from dinner. Hmm, that was odd. Maybe Kol had taken it and threw it away here? Klaus made a mental note to ask him about it tomorrow. He knew the older boys were clean, he would have smelled wine on their breath. Klaus frowned and tried to put the thought out of his mind  He was just glad to be home. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday, January 19, 2011Full MoonMystic Falls High SchoolBefore Fifth Period Erik was almost glad to be back in school. He had been keeping up with his classes, even math more. Not being at school one day kind of threw him off, you could never really make up with you missed.  Erik had abandoned that shy girl in his history group. She was just too quiet. He had tried to talk to her a few more times, but it went no where.  That was fine with him as it would be hard to be around a human girl. Erik wished there was a girl for him, who was a hybrid like him. He chuckled to himself, if he waited for that, he'd be single for longer than his brother Connor.  Erik's laughter died on his lips when he saw Alaric and Jeremy speaking in the hallway outside of Ric's classroom. Ric didn't look too happy with Jeremy. Erik recalled he had been admonished by his father to apologize to Uncle Ric also. Erik hated this, but as he considered turning away, Ric spotted him.  "That's the other adventurer! Erik, over here," Ric called.  "Hey, Uncle Ric! What's happening?" Erik asked casually. He pushed a strand of his blond hair behind his ear. Ric seemed to be looming over him and he couldn't meet his eyes. "'What's happening?' Don't try me, Erik...look at me," Ric scolded him. Erik reluctantly looked up and wanted to wince, but didn't. Jeremy shook his head at Erik's antics. Ric was a patient guy, until they pushed him too far. He was reaching his limit. Erik cleared his throat and started, "Uncle Ric, I'm real sorry about disobeying you. We learned our lesson. It ain't gonna happen again."  "You almost got yourselves killed and Bonnie!" Ric scolded. Jeremy cut in, "We know. Do you want to beat our asses, too? Because we already got it twice! From Uncle Kol and then our dad."  "Yeah, maybe I ought to, because you guys just don't listen to me!" Ric softened as he looked at their anxious faces. "Look, it is just going to be hard for me to trust either one of you for a while. And if you ever pull crap like this again, I will be expressing my displeasure a little more forcefully. Now, go, so you aren't late. Boys, I wouldn't be upset if I didn't care." "Yes, sir," Erik said as they parted.  Alaric patted both of them on the arm and sent them on their way. Jeremy snickered, "That went well."  "Yeah, another guy who wants to kick our asses. Jeez, does it ever end?" Erik lamented.  "Maybe when we quit doing stupid shit? Hey, so last night Bonnie texted me to meet her in the game room. I must have fallen asleep but the text was from like 11:30pm. What do you think the girls were up to?" Jeremy inquired.  "Oh hell no, you know, you ain't getting away with it. Next time, just don't answer her. Those girls are probably playing Truth or Dare or something. Seriously, Jer, they are up to something...always giggling and whispering. I can't even hear what they are saying. I reckon Bon or Davina put up a shielding spell on their conversations," Erik mused.  "At one point, I thought Bonnie liked me, then nothing...Now, there might be something there. I have to give it another shot," Jeremy insisted.  "You were talking in your sleep last night, man," Erik recalled.  "What was I saying?" Jeremy wondered.  "Annie? Anne? Something like that?" Erik revealed.  "Anna?" Jeremy groaned.  "Who's that?" Erik asked as he got to his locker.  "My old girlfriend, the one who died. She was weird, but hot. Okay, shit, now I'm going to be late for class. Thanks, bro," Jeremy laughed punching his hybrid brother on the arm.  "That didn't hurt me! You better run, you get another tardy and you're dead," Erik hollered after him with a smile.  Jeremy took off, but the bell rang anyway. Erik realized that he was tardy also for about the fourth time. Great! That's all he needed was to bring home a detention slip the day after he was suspended. Erik wondered if he could compel the teacher, but this was Mystic Falls, so she was probably on vervain.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Zhu Household"Mother, I feel like you are well-settled now. If we are to settle here, then I really must return to school," Anna informed her mother.  "Annabelle, I will determine our path forward. I do not know where you come off trying to tell me you 'must' do anything," Pearl snapped.  "I was on my on for 146 years. Alone! Does that not count for anything?" Anna argued.  "I kept us alive and safe for the previous 400 years, so no, it does not. You can retire to your bed chamber until you remember to whom you are speaking, Miss," Pearl continued with a sharp look at her only remaining daughter.  "Mother, I am 540 years old. I will not be sent to my room like a misbehaving child. Plus, do not forget who rescued you!" Anna shouted as she turned to leave the house.  Before Anna could even get to the knob, Pearl was behind her.  "Annabelle, I believe I told you to go to your room," Pearl said sternly. "I mean for you to obey me right now." Pearl's hand clamped on Anna's earlobe and began to tug her towards her room quickly. Anna's heart sank, she knew better than to disobey her mother. "Sorry, Mama, I am coming. I can go by myself. Let go, please," Anna begged. Pearl let go and watched as Anna marched herself to her new bedroom.   "Stay in there until I come and get you," Pearl reminded her.  "Yes, Mama," Anna said with a newly cooperative attitude. For a moment, she had forgotten how strong her mother was in body and spirit. She could not make that mistake again. Pearl stood until she heard the girl's bedroom door shut and then went about her chores. She dusted and then cleaned all the windows. Both Pearl and Anna were fortunate enough to have received daylight rings from Katherine as gifts for their loyalty. They had found this large house on the outskirts of Mystic Falls. It was a foreclosure, but still in decent condition. Pearl knew she should have been grateful for being out of the tomb, but she always expected her daughter to come for her. It was her duty.  Anna threw herself on her bed and cried. She thought that it would be different when she got her mother out of the tomb. That her mother would be grateful and impressed that she had managed to survive alone and break her out of the cave. But her mother hadn't even spared a thank you. Pearl always expected her children to obey her without question. Anna wanted to argue that maybe that was what led her to getting trapped in the tomb in 1864 in the first place, but thought that that wouldn't go over well.  After Anna cried herself to sleep, Pearl came in and sat by her bed. She watched her sleep a few moments, smoothing her black hair back.  "Annabelle, wake up now, we have work to do," Pearl said gently.  "Mama, are you angry with me?" Anna asked.  "No, my daughter. You are all I have left. When your brothers and little sister and father died from the fever, I was not sure that you could be saved. Yet Katerina saved you. Yes, the very devil who locked me in the tomb so she could flee, was your maker, then mine. We must be careful, even now," Pearl reported.  "But I've been careful. I've stayed away from other vampires like you taught me. Are we to mingle in vampire affairs now? Will Katherine come back if she knows you are free? Mother, if we live here, we need to blend in, just like we did in the old days," Anna pleaded.  "I may need to see Katerina. Yes, it will be dangerous as she is fleeing a dangerous foe. But I need you to stay clear of all of this," Pearl replied.  "But if I can pass for human, we'll be safer. Please, Mama, I want to go back to school, just for our own safety," Anna insisted.  Pearl gave her daughter a measured look, "Annabelle, you may have a point. But I will remind you that I am the mother here. You are not in charge. I will allow you to attend this high school, but you must obey my rules.  I am sure you recall what will happen if you do not."  "Yes, Mama," Anna said with a smile. She was going to be attending Mystic Falls High School and she would see Jeremy again. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Davina spent the day hanging out with Kai and fixing up her new room. Klaus wasn't quite sure Kai was ready for high school.  Cami and Keelin went to work, but all the rest of the adults were scattered around the massive property. The plan was for the moonlight right ceremony to be held outside in a clearing by the woods. Moonlight had to shine on the kyanite, surrounded by a circle of candles, as the blood of a wolf who did not turn was dripped on it.  "Kai, do you like being a vampire?" Davina asked. They were in the new game room playing pool.  "Yeah, it's cool. Being a siphon witch alone is weird because I had no power on my own. Now I can siphon myself, but that is also dangerous. Plus, the blood lust!" Kai said breaking.  "Is it that bad?" Davina pressed.  "It's worse than that. Like it's not just when you are human and you are thirsty or hungry, it's like your whole being is wanting the blood. I can't really explain it. The shitty animal blood helps. Sometimes, human doesn't because it is so good, you just want more. Like human blood doesn't really satisfy it as much as you would think," Kai said as he chalked his stick and watched Davina take the next shot. "Thanks for being honest. I always wonder if Kol would rather just drink my blood then kiss me," Davina admitted.  "I think it's different for them. They can have as much blood as they want. It's like I still get hungry for food, but it doesn't taste the same anymore. I'm not sure you can compare what I am now, with what Kol and the other older vampires are," Kai explained.  "I just wonder why he won't..., you know, act like a normal boyfriend," Davina said sitting down and dropping the pretense of playing pool.  "Hey, Davina, you are absolutely beautiful. If he won't pursue anything, it's not because of you, but the age difference or stuff like that. If I was your boyfriend, I would," Kai vowed.  "Really?" Davina said with tears spilling out of her eyes. She felt rejected and downtrodden.  "Yeah, really," Kai was saddened to see the other witch so upset. He hugged her and then came way to close to hearing the blood pulse through her veins. Before he could stop himself, Kai vamped out.  "Kai!" Marcel said vamping in the room and knocking the young vampire off his daughter.  "What happened?" Davina cried.  "Nothing, D.! Kai, why don't you go downstairs and get a blood bag? It's okay, man," Marcel said calmly. Kai nodded and left the room. He wasn't going to feed from Davina, but sometimes he couldn't control his fangs.  "He was going to feed from me, wasn't he?" Davina asked in horror.  "Kai's fangs were out. You could have stopped him with a spell. But D., if he siphoned you, that is different. I don't want you alone with him again, okay?" Marcel said seriously.  "Yeah," Davina said trying to catch her breath.  "Yeah?" Marcel asked.  "I mean, yes, Daddy. I won't let him kill me," Davina smirked.  "Good. Now, let's sit and have a little talk," Marcel said firmly.  "She told you! Dammit, I knew she would. It was just a joke!" Davina whined. She really hadn't wanted her dad to find out she was flashing people out of the window. Her mom had such a big mouth.  "Language, please. Davina, your mother was upset and she wasn't sure if she got through to you. Honey, what if my dad would have seen that? Did you ever consider that?" Marcel inquired. Marcel had promised Rebekah that he wouldn't blow his top and get mad if she told him. He had to honor that.  "No," Davina answered truthfully. "I didn't consider anything. I just can't take it when Kol acts like we are just over."  "You are over for now. Baby girl, we've talked about this and you need to see boys your own age and have friends your own age. I want you to have fun and live a little before you settle down to boring old 'married' life like me and your mom," Marcel shared.  "He would wait for me...He's promised me that, I guess I could try harder when I am here to move on. I know you worry about it and I don't want that," Davina admitted.  "I'll always worry. That's my job. I just wanna make this clear, you don't need any guy to be happy. You don't need to show off or prove anything to anyone. Ever. Your mom and I just want you to know that we are here to talk. You are not alone," Marcel said taking her hands. Davina flushed, "Sorry about what I did. It was stupid. Kol will barely give me the time of day so it didn't work anyway. I guess we are really over for a while." Marcel couldn't tell if she was telling the truth as her heart beat was all over the place."Davina, we will love you either way. We just want you to be happy. Now, how about I give you that pool lesson I promised you. I can't let guys like Kai beat you at this game. I've been playing a long time and I have a couple of tricks," Marcel grinned.  Davina took the offered pool stick and let her dad tutor her in the game of pool. It took her mind off of Kol, Kai, and the big spell looming over all of them tonight.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionOutside8pm"This is it," Davina said. "I feel like a lot of people are depending on these rings. Thanks everyone for helping our friends in the Bayou."  "Wolves gotta help wolves, right?" Tyler said. It was his blood they would use to bind the spell. He was the first hybrid technically. The circle was set with black candles. A stone altar was in the middle, holding the kyanite which was now crafted into rings. There was an empty bowl for Tyler's blood. Connor and Erik also waited. After the ritual, Klaus, Tyler, Erik, and Connor were going to go to the quarry to turn for the full moon.  Freya, Bonnie, Rachael, and Dana would also help Davina cast the spell. There were making as many rings as they had kyanite. Davina had promised Josh in New Orleans that there would be rings for Jackson, Ollie, Aiden, Tommy, and Hayley. Mary and Eve had never triggered their curses.   Klaus smiled, "I feel like we are witnessing history."  Marcel and Rebekah were also watching the ritual. Davina started the incantation. Everything seemed to go as planned until Tyler had to spill his blood. Davina took the ritual knife and sliced his palm over the bowl. She poured the blood unto the stones.  "Arggggh," Tyler groaned as he fell to the ground.  "What is it, Son?" Klaus said vamping over.  "Weak!" Tyler gasped.  Freya cried, "Reverse it. It's draining his life force."  Davina frantically reversed the spell and washed away Tyler's blood.  Klaus asked Erik to get Tyler a blood bag at the house. They put it to his mouth.  "Better?" Klaus said.  "Yeah, thanks! What happened?" Tyler asked.  Freya cut in, "I think that spell was meant to weaken the wolf as the cost of other wolves. It is a trick. I am sorry that I didn't see it before, but there has to be a balance in nature. For the wolves to stop their transformation, there has to be a cost. Like for hybrids, the cost is blood. Rachael and Dana, can you siphon any residue from the spell?"  They sucked up the rest of the magic and Tyler gasped. "Thanks. That's better."  Davina was worried, "So this won't work unless a hybrid is weakened. How are we going to tell the wolves?"  Marcel put his arm around her, "Don't worry, D. You tried. I'll tell them when we get home."  Marcel missed when Klaus flinched at the word home, but Rebekah didn't.  "We will figure something out," Rebekah said comforting her daughter.  Bonnie added, "I can look up some spells in Gram's grimoires."  Rachael said, "Can't you just make a new hybrid for this purpose?"  Klaus said, "We need a sacrifice and doppelgänger blood."  "Oh," Rachael said.  Klaus gathered up his boys, "Tyler, are you well enough to head to the quarry?"  "Yeah, I'm good," Tyler said brushing himself off after falling to the ground.  Davina kicked the altar, "I don't believe this. Tyler, if I did the spell in New Orleans...I am sorry for getting you involved."  Tyler shook his head, "You didn't know, Davina. I am good."  Klaus and his hybrid children left for the quarry. Freya had the others help her gather up the spell ingredients. They wouldn't give up, but tonight would not be the night that they were anticipating. Davina couldn't hide her disappointment. Rachael and Dana looked at each other. They knew a way to cheer up their witch cousin. A bit of bubbly always raised one's spirits. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Younger Boys' RoomElijah felt himself falling asleep as he read another chapter of BFG to Henrik. It was a chapter book the book was reading in school and he often begged Elijah to read it and use funny voices. Finn and Penny were in the room pretending to read on their own, but also listening to the story.  "One more, Daddy?" Henrik asked.  "No, Buddy. We have Fun Town tomorrow. We all need our rest," Elijah reminded them.  "At school today, this girl names Kelli said Fun Town was for babies," Henrik reported.  "What?" Elijah said in mock horror.  "That girl is mean," Penny growled. "She hit my friend in the head with a juice box last week."  "Oh my," Elijah said. He could not follow half of these school stories the kids told and he believed less than 30% of what they reported.  "Yeah, she was in a reform school, but she got thrown out because she killed someone!" Finn confirmed.  "Finn, that is not true. You can't believe everything you hear," Elijah added.  "Daddy, it's true," Henrik said in a low voice.  "No, Bud, it's not. Come on, get in bed. Then, I'm taking Penny up to bed," Elijah said. It was a little earlier than normal, but Elijah could tell all three kids were starting to fade.  "Where's Mom?" Henrik asked.  "She's taking a bath. She'll be in to say goodnight soon," Elijah promised. Henrik and Finn had taken to calling Vanessa mom and he didn't correct them. She was planning to adopt them after they got married.  "I'm not tired," Finn said loudly.  "Too bad. In bed anyway," Elijah said as he watched Finn yawn. He kissed his boys and turned off the lights, making sure their night light was on.  "Elevator or stairs?" Elijah said to Penny.  "Can I ride on your back up the stairs?" Penny giggled.  "Only if you pay me?" Elijah said leaning so she could climb on his back.   "Okay, I will. I mean, my dad will! But only if you go really fast," Penny urged.  "If the lady demands it," Elijah said as he went up one flight of stairs quicker than a human could do with a child on his back.  "Faster!" Penny laughed.  Elijah zipped to the bedroom of the girls' room and opened the door.  "Uncle Elijah!" Davina screeched as she dropped the champagne bottle. They thought they had at least another half hour or so. Rachael caught it with her fast reflexes, but all of the girls looked at each other in horror. They were caught red-handed. There was only a sip or two left in the stolen bottle. They had been having so much fun. Champagne was better than wine, especially right out of the bottle.  "What are you drinking?" Penny asked as Elijah put her down.  "Never you mind, dear. You head to bed. The rest of you girls can give me that bottle, for starters," Elijah demanded. He kissed Penny and watched as she scurried off to bed.  "It was just one bottle of champagne!" Dana defended.  "Really, is that all?" Elijah said sarcastically.  "Yeah, you people drink like fish every night and we get in trouble for one little bottle," Rachael hissed.  Dana kicked her sister and handed over the bottle to Elijah. "Thank you. Now, why don't all of you ladies head for a corner while I go get your parents?" Elijah said sternly.  "Uncle Elijah, is that really something you need to do?" Davina whined.   "Don't make it worse, Davina! Put your noses in a corner and consider what is about to happen," Elijah warned.  "But they were just trying to cheer me up because the spell didn't work! Please," Davina argued.  Elijah's patience ran out. Right as he was about to help Davina follow his directions, he heard Marcel say, "What's going on in here?" Davina breathed a sigh of relief. Surely, her dad would understand. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday, January 19, 2011Full Moon "They what?" Marcel roared. The girls were drunk on champagne?  "Marcellus, Penny is in bed!" Elijah reminded him quietly. Penny was sleeping in the bedroom area. The rest of them were talking in the living room. "I'm sorry, Uncle. It's just that it is a little frustrating that these girls would do this. You have stolen from your own family. Is this the first time?" Marcel asked sharply.  Davina flushed from her neck up, "No, Daddy. I stole some wine last night. Like Rachael said, all of you drink a lot. We didn't think you would notice," She knew her goose was cooked and that lying was futile.  "Last night, too?" Marcel's eyes widened. He needed to be more vigilant and less trusting with all these teens in the house. He couldn't believe that Davina would steal alcohol from the family! But she just admitted it to him, for that, he was grateful. Elijah whispered to Marcel, "I'll get my sisters. I hear that old magical hairbrush that Dominque spelled has been found. It may come in handy tonight."  Marcel nodded, "That's not a bad idea. But I have a better one.  It's getting late. I think these girls go to bed early and then get punished tomorrow morning. Then, we all attend Fun Town with the kids. After all, I feel like you girls should make it up to poor Penny, being a bad example to her and all."  Dana was ashamed, "We didn't mean to be bad examples. She didn't know what we were doing."  Elijah countered, "Dear, she's not an idiot. I'm sure she knew something was amiss. I like Marcellus' plan. Now, go to bed and you can probably all look forward to the wooden hairbrush in the morning when you sober up."  The girls scurried to their beds before Elijah changed his mind and decided they needed immediate discipline. As she almost got to the doorway, Davina heard her father call out her name. "Davina," Marcel called out.  "No, Daddy, I'm done talking about it. I already admitted it. Ugh," Davina whined and looked sadly toward Marcel in an act of innocence. Elijah sighed at the teen's poor attitude, but said nothing.  Davina snapped, "Just mind your own business, Uncle Elijah!"  Marcel vamped over and grabbed her arm. He sat down on a nearby armless chair. In short order, Davina was jackknifed over his knee getting spanked hard over her pajama pants. In mere seconds, Marcel had her kicking and howling.  "D-DDaddy!" was all Davina could get out before she broke into sobs. She had never got swatted so firmly by her father and certainly not in front of her uncle. Even over her pj pants and underwear, her butt was instantly on fire. Marcel only spanked her eight times, but each one made her squeal, to her later shame. Pow! Pow! Smack! Smack! Smack! SMACK! SMACK! Crack! "That spanking was for giving your uncle attitude. We'll discuss the other stuff tomorrow. Now apologize," Marcel ordered before giving Davina another hard swat across both cheeks that propelled her forward. Whack! "Okay, o-okay, I-I a-am!" Davina yelped, covering her bottom with splayed fingers.  "Uncle Elijah, I am sorry I was rude to you. Please forgive me," the just- spanked witch tearfully said. She took one hand off her throbbing bottom to wipe at her nose and eyes. Elijah produced a handkerchief and helped the girl wipe her face. It was red and blotchy. Elijah hugged her and said, "Thank you, dear. We just want the best for all of you. I know you don't like to be punished, but we are trying to do what is best for you."  "Uncle Elijah, feel free to add a few good whacks," Marcel said winking. Elijah laughed softly as Davina made a whining sound and danced out of his arms. "Relax, dear. Your dad is just joking, not that that spanking he gave you was any joke," Elijah added patting her shoulder. "Well, I learned from the best. Davina, the next time you sass Uncle Elijah, I hope you know he has full permission to blister your behind, young lady," Marcel said. "I was going to thank you for telling the truth, but I see you are in no mood for a talk. Now, go to bed. We'll talk more in the morning." Davina's eyes widened. She had heard some stories about her strict uncle spanking her father when he was a boy. Something about a stick, the stables, and him drinking spirits? She wasn't sure, but she didn't really want to know more.  Marcel hugged Davina and kissed her on the head. He could tell she was still angry, but she had brought this on herself.  Elijah and Marcel headed downstairs to talk to Rebekah and Freya.Marcel was still a little embarrassed by Davina's attitude toward Elijah, "I am sorry, Uncle Elijah. I should probably do that more often."  "No, no, Marcellus. Listen to her, what she is really trying to say. I wish that we would have done that more with you. You know, just because they have a way of expressing themselves rudely and with an attitude, doesn't mean these teens have nothing worth listening to. I'm wondering if this whole wine thing is covering up another issue...," Elijah mused.  "Really? You surprise me, Uncle. I would have thought you would think the opposite. I do wonder why they would do this two nights in a row like this," Marcel admitted.  "Indeed. You and my sister are good with Davina. It's not supposed to be easy. And it will not be, but I just sense that this misbehavior is masking other issues. I'm not saying the girls shouldn't be punished, but maybe we all need to cut back on the spirits around here."  Marcel winced, "Rebekah won't like hearing that."  "I know, but if the adults are imbibing too freely...It's just a suggestion. Anyway, Nephew, just hang in there. I know you are trying your best to run things in New Orleans and make it back here. That city needs a full-time king," Elijah reasoned.  "I know. Papa won't hear of it. But like you mentioned, Davina could be acting up for other reasons her, namely Kol. I'm not saying she is a perfect angel at home, but she's in a routine there. She has some friends and she is apart at least physically from him. A part of me wants to suggest that we stay down there at least two more years, but...," Marcel drifted off.  "Your father cannot bear it. I know. I've tried to speak to him about it before, but he is insistent that family all needs to be together. Hang in there, Marcellus. I am sure something will give," Elijah said putting his arm around his nephew.  "I hope. Now are you gonna talk to your sisters about cutting back the wine or do you want me to commit suicide? I'll fill them in about what their sweet little girls did with the booze, but the cutting back? Lord, I can't go there!" Marcel confessed.  "I'll mention it. This has been in my thoughts since New Year's. We have too many impressionable teens around. I have never been much of a drinker, but I just think it sends a poor messages of binge drinking and excess. Marcel, you're right. It probably won't go over well," Elijah worried.  "I kind of would like to see you try, though. Has Vanessa ever blown up at you before? Just don't call them lushes," Marcel grinned uncomfortably. Elijah was going to risk his life here. Marcel had thought that the wine was flowing a little too freely the last few times he had been home. In truth, it took a lot for an Original to get tipsy, but that didn't mean it didn't still happen. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Girls' BedroomDavina stomped into the bedroom area rubbing her backside and red-faced. The other girls were pretending to be asleep, but she knew they had probably heard the whole thing.  Davina flung herself in bed on her stomach and cried, "I hate them!"  Rachael rolled over, "Sorry, Davina. It's our fault. I just...they are just so strict about every little thing here. I don't get how it's okay to drink when you are 21 but not before, like it makes a diff."  "This isn't Europe," Bonnie rolled her eyes.  "Sadly!" Rachael added. She got up and went by Davina's bed and rubbed her back.  "My butt hurts! My dad never smacked me so hard," Davina whined.  Bonnie had an idea, "My grams used to put cold cream on her backside when she got spanked when she was little. Do you have any?"  Dana frowned, "There is a bunch of stuff in the cupboard downstairs. I bet Vanessa has stuff like that, but I'd have to go well, downstairs."  "Screw that, she needs Freya's salve, the healing one," Rachael reasoned.  "Forget it. You go down there and you'll just get in trouble yourself," Davina got up and pulled down the back of her pajama pants to look in the dresser. There were two red handprints across her otherwise white bare behind.  "Oh my god, you can see the handprints!" Bonnie gasped.  "He was hitting me really hard," Davina said breaking into tears again as she pulled up her pants. The sting was already fading fast, but Davina's mental angst was increasing. First, the spell was a fiasco, then they get busted.  Rachael smirked, "Honestly, I bet Freya hits harder." Davina moaned, "I guess we will find out if we have to get it and then go to fucking Fun Town tomorrow. So much for our big shopping trip!" "Spoiled brat!" Dana smirked. "Shut up, ginger," Davina scoffed ready to cast an itching spell. Rachael took offense, "Ginger jokes. Watch it, witch. I will kick your ass, too. And you know better to cast spells at night...Don't do it."  Davina figured she was already in enough trouble, if she knew how to heal herself, she would do it. But the burning just subsided into a warmth in her rear end. She wondered if Kol would find out about this. She knew he would, how embarrassing. But they were really over. She knew that now. The thought had her tearing up again.  The girls heard a noise and scurried back to their beds. Rebekah and Freya walked in as find all the girls feigning sleep.  "Girls, we know you're not sleeping," Rebekah called out lightly. Davina rolled over and called out, "Mommmm...." Rebekah sat down on the side of Davina's bed and leaned down to hug her as Davina cried.  "Daddy said he spanked you. And I hear you've got another spanking coming tomorrow morning," Rebekah informed. "What were you thinking?"  "I don't know. Daddy's mad at me," Davina cried.  "No, luv. He's not angry at you. He just doesn't like how you've been behaving, but he loves you more than anything. As do I," Rebekah said softly. In truth, Rebekah thought Marcel was probably more upset with himself. He tried so hard to reason with her calmly, but even he had a limit. Davina didn't talk any further and just let her mother rub her back. She didn't want to admit how glad she was that Rebekah had come to her.  Freya sat on Bonnie's bed in between the girls.  "Well?" Freya finally said after a minute.  "We just wanted to cheer Davina up is all. Maybe have some fun?" Rachael explained.  "I see," Freya said. "Well, we already talked about the consequences for this type of behavior, haven't we? When you are good and sober tomorrow, you're all going right over my knee."  Bonnie grimaced, "Me, too?"  Freya smiled, "Yes, Bonnie, you, too. After all, you're part of the family." "Great," Bonnie said. She had a feeling her life was really changing.  Freya continued, "We're going to have a long talk about alcohol abuse. You know, there is something called alcohol poisoning. But worse, when you are out, there is more danger when you inhibitions are lowered and your judgment is impaired. We should be talking about these things anyway. I know I can't keep you in a bubble here."  "Do we really have to go to fu-freaking Fun Town, instead of shopping? That seems cruel and unusual!" Rachael wailed.  "It could be fun. They have all kinds of stuff there. Skeet ball, laser tag, that claw thing, and tons of other stuff. Elijah said he has some idea, so let's just go check it out. We don't have to stay all day, okay? Maybe, just maybe, we can still do some shopping, but I am not promising anything," Freya offered. She didn't want to make it obvious to the girls, but she and Rebekah didn't want to get dragged to Fun Town anymore than they did. But her brothers were up to something.  "Yay!" Dana said as she got up and hugged Freya. "Thanks, Mom!"  "You're welcome, Hon. I love you all. Now, go to bed. Rebekah and I will be back up here first thing when we are sure you are sober and ready to listen a little better," Freya promised. She kissed all the girls again, including sleeping Penny and Davina. Davina was also asleep. Freya took Rebekah by the hand. "She'll be fine, little Sister," Freya assured her.  "I can't stand it when she's upset," Rebekah admitted softly.  "We'll clear it all up tomorrow morning. I told the girls that we might be able to sneak out and still hit some stores," Freya revealed.  "Really? Older sister trumps older brother! I love that. Now, speaking of said older brother, he wants to have a chat with us. That's never good," Rebekah smirked.  "We'll see about that," Freya said with confidence. Like Rebekah said the older sister trumps the older brother...she thought to herself.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Second FloorKol came up to the second floor to see where everyone was. He found Klaus and Marcel in Klaus' office drinking cognac.  "Where is everyone? I thought you were out with the boys for the full moon?" Kol asked leaning against the doorframe.  "Ah, the girls got into a bit of trouble. They stole a bottle of champagne and got knackered. I came back early to spend time with Camille. The boys are still out at the quarry. I'm going to pick them up in a few hours," Klaus shared.  "Going back to the girls, I wouldn't say they were drunk, maybe tipsy," Marcel clarified.  "Uh-oh, were they all involved?" Kol inquired.  "Yes, except for Penny, thank God," Marcel replied. He had been talking to his father about Davina. He didn't know if he was handling her right. Sometimes she seemed like a brat, sometimes he wondered if he was expecting too much for her. "Okay, then, goodnight," Kol said. He could tell Marcel was upset. That didn't bode well for Davina.  After Kol left, Marcel shut the door and turned after to his father. "Papa, I just feel like Davina can't go a week without a spanking or some punishment. We try so hard to be positive and stay calm, but Papa, she is pushing our buttons," Marcel confided.  "Marcellus, that is normal. She is testing you to make sure you won't leave or abandon her. You need to keep giving her boundaries and limits, but also a lot of love. She needs to feel safe," Klaus said standing and going to lean on the desk by Marcel's chair.  "I hear you. I guess that is what I always needed from you, and got. Thanks, Papa," Marcel said bashfully. Klaus had always been there for him, at night, during the day, when he was human, when he was vampire, until he was gone after Mikael came... Marcel tried to block out those lost years now. He had had his guys, but it wasn't the same as having his family.  "Of course, my Son. Say, any plans on when you will return here full time," Klaus said lightly.  "Soon, Papa. But with Father K. sick, the human faction will fall apart. But soon, I promise," Marcel said.  "Sounds good, Son. I will hold you to it," Klaus said firmly. "I know," Marcel said. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Saturday, January 20, 2011Girls' BedroomFreya and Rebekah had figured they would let the girls sleep in a little. Penny had gotten up earlier and was with boys watching tv downstairs. She caught on that the girls were in trouble and was curious to know what they did, but no one would tell her. Freya opened the blinds after putting down a shopping bag, "Up and at 'em, girls. Make your bed up, please."  Rebekah smacked each still sleeping form on the rump, "Wake up, luvs."  The girls groaned and were ushered into the bathrooms and then back in the bedroom area. each girl was sitting on her bed. Davina, then Rachael, then Bonnie, and across from Bonnie's bed, Dana's. Rebekah and Freya sat on the empty beds. Freya had made Penny's bed.  "Girls, a lot is going on today. We are going to take care of this and then have breakfast, go to Fun Town with the younger kids. From there, we'll see where we will go to lunch and if we can break away and go shopping," Freya explained.  Rebekah added, "We're not going easy on you. In addition to this spanking, all of you are going to be writing a report on the dangers of alcohol. Elijah, had started these notebooks for you." 

Freya took out composition books with each girls' name on it.  "Bonnie, I made one out for you," Freya explained.  Rebekah said, "On the second page, is your topic, the required word court and some websites you can use to find the information. These are due tomorrow night, by the way."  Freya continued, "There is also a folded article about some of the things on the dangers of alcohol stapled in your notebook. Please read it and we will talk about that when we go over your essays with you."  Rachael snarked, "Is this school? We're not dumb. We know this stuff. Drinking a little doesn't mean we are going to drop dead."  "We know that, Rachael. We also know you are a hybrid siphon, but when your inhibitions are lowered, you could lose control. For the humans, alcohol can be a poison. Plus, can we talk about lying and stealing from the family?" Freya asked.  "Niklaus invited us all in this house. He would do anything and everything for any of us. He has risked his life and gone way out of his way for many of us and you repay him by stealing from him? That's not right," Rebekah lectured.  "You are being a little dramatic, Mom!" Davina chided.  "Davina, how would you feel if someone stole from you? All I am saying is that your actions have ramifications you may not have anticipated, like people not trusting you," Rebekah explained.  "Okay, but don't we deserve to have a little fun, too?" Davina continued.  "Yes, of course. But, it doesn't have to involve alcohol, actually," Rebekah said looking at Freya,"the adults will be cutting back a little too. I'm sorry if we haven't been the best role models ourselves. But you can have fun without drinking. But for the record, we are all way past the legal drinking age." Freya nodded, "Okay, anything else before we start?" Bonnie raised a hand, "I just wanted to say I'm sorry for my part in it. You're right, it was not good to steal and just because we got away with it one night, didn't mean we should have done it again."  "Thanks, Bonnie. I appreciate that. Anyone else?" Freya pressed looking around at the girls whose expressions ranged from Davina-bored, Rachael-angry, Dana-defiant, to Bonnie-scared. "What's in the bag?" Rachael asked sharply.  Freya fished out two bottles of salve. One for humans, one for vampires. "This is the magical hairbrush that prevents healing. Ladies, I would really like to not use that thing, so unless you refuse to cooperate, it will stay in the bag. Believe me, we do want to impress upon you what you did was wrong, but we don't want those impressions to necessarily show physically," Freya rambled.  "That thing is a last resort, okay, girls," Rebekah admitted.  "But this paddle is not," Freya took out a medium sized round paddle. It was about 17" long and 8" wide. The handle was wrapped a white grip tape. "Another one!" Dana gasped.  "Keelin found this with her sports equipment when she was moving in. It's just a little teak beach paddle. Nice, because it's a set so we can keep one in your bedroom and throw another one in Rebekah's giant purse today. So handy," Freya smiled. She tossed a second paddle to Rebekah. "Klaus' boys always seem so much better behaved after they get a swat or two with the paddle. Just the threat of a paddle seems to keep them from acting up because they know what is awaiting them. After the antics you girls have pulled, there are no more warnings. Now Dana and Rachael, you two go take your showers now. You have about five minutes. Bonnie and Davina, you'll be after to shower after your spanking as you can wash off your salve," Rebekah added.  Freya indicated, "Clock starts ticking now girls. Five minutes. Hurry and just put on a shirt after or a robe. Bonnie, come here, please. Davina, go to your mom."  Dana and Rachael vamped to the showers in the separate bathrooms to wash. It was true that the new salve Freya made for vampires was not water soluble.  Rebekah moved over a bed and indicated that Davina take off her pajama pants and underwear. Davina was never very compliant and Rebekah ended up threatening to have to spank her tonight with the hair brush before she reluctantly stepped out of her pants and underwear. Rebekah applied the salve liberally and gave it a moment to sink in before pulling the young witch over her lap. She arranged her so Davina's whole upper body was on the bed and her feet still touching the floor.  Bonnie bared her bottom to Freya quickly and let her apply the salve and then got over her knee readily. She figured that was better than standing there with her butt out. Plus, there was a part of Bonnie that felt guilty. She has partaken in the wine, even though she knew it was wrong. Freya let the salve absorb and patted Bonnie's rear a few times in warning before she started her warm-up. She knew that Bonnie's backside was sensitive and kept her smacks light, but fast. Freya didn't count, but spanked until Bonnie's behind was a light shade of pink and Bonnie was beginning to kick and squirm over her knee. Freya swatted all over and tightened her hold around Bonnie with her left arm.  Rebekah was a little firmer with her daughter. She lectured her as she swatted in a low voice. Davina made little "ah" and "oh" sounds as some harder smacks caught her.  Rebekah also swatted all over until she felt like Davina's behind was pink enough for the introduction of the paddle. Davina felt Rebekah lift up her legs onto the bed and felt her mother's left hand on her back. She then felt the smooth, cool wood of the paddle patting her bare seat.  "No, Mommy, no! I learned my lesson," Davina blurted out. Pop! The paddle cracked down and Davina felt a burn all over at the same time on both of her cheeks. She screamed and tried to push up. She knew she was getting more swats.  Pop!  "NO!" Davina restated loudly.  Pop! Davina tried to kick violently to get off her mother's lap but she was being held too tightly.  "Sorry, Mommy. S-sorrryyyy," Davina yelped.  "I know, luv. Almost over," Rebekah said.  Pop! Davina was sobbing too hard to even talk. Rebekah noticed her behind was a bright red. One more should do it.  POP! Rebekah gave her one last swat and put down the paddle. Davina was still crying hard and unaware that it was over. Rebekah rubbed her back and then smoothed some more salve over her sore looking backside.  "All down. All forgiven," Rebekah said lifting her and carrying her to her bed. She probably she put her in a corner, but she was concerned that the girl was crying so hard. Rebekah held Davina and let her cry on her chest, wiped her face, and whispered nonsense words of comfort to her. Finally, she put Davina down on the bed on her stomach. Her behind was still fiercely red, but didn't have any other coloring to indicate that bruises were forming. Rebekah glanced to see that Bonnie was still over Freya's knee. Freya had only popped Bonnie twice with the new formidable paddle and that was enough it seems. She finished up by spanking her a few times more with her hand and reminding Bonnie that she was here for her through good and bad. After Bonnie calmed down, Freya helped her up. She hugged Bonnie, put on another layer of salve and led her over to her bed to recover another moment.  As if on cue, the twins were walking outside the door. Rachael was in a robe and Dana had a shirt on and a towel around her waist.  Freya took Rachael and pulled up her robe and slathered on the vampire salve. She got up and went to Rachael's clothes drawer and picked out a pair of underwear for her to wear. Rachael slid on the white nylon briefs in confusion.  "So Rebekah's hand doesn't get burnt by the vervain in the salve," Freya explained winking covertly at Rebekah. She had told her about Bonnie piling on five pairs of nylon underwear and discovering how they were almost worse to get smacked over than anything. Freya loved Rachael dearly, but the little witch could use an extra attitude adjustment. A good hard spanking from her Original vampire aunt over those nylons with the salve might be a start in Freya's opinion.  Freya then salved Dana by removing her towel and baring her white backside. She wiped her hands on the towel and set it aside. She didn't want to burn Dana someone else with vervain by mistake.  Freya rested her hand on Dana's backside and tapped it gently after putting her siphon witch daughter over her knee. She probably should have dried off better, but she supposed she had rushed the girls with the five minute shower limit. Tap. Tap. Tap. "Dana, I'm going to use my hand first and then the paddle. Try to keep still, it's going to sting. I hope you know we're doing this because we love you and want you to do good things with your lives," Freya informed her.  "Yes, Mom. Please, not hard!" Dana beseeched. She really hadn't had many of these experiences and she didn't know how bad it was going to be.  "It will be hard enough for you to learn to behave," Freya shared. Swat!Swat! Swat! Swat!  Freya began to smack Dana in the center of each cheek from left to right. She was spanking harder, but a vampire often healed so quickly that even that was useless.  "Ouch! Owwww. Mommmmm, no," Dana wailed.  Swat! Swat! Dana began bucking and kicking and trying to push up. With her vampire strength, she almost wiggled off Freya's lap before she got her under control. Freya used her left hand to push her down flat over her lap. "You do that again and I will paddle you again at bedtime!" Freya threatened. "This is just the warm-up. You didn't even get the paddle yet. We have a long way to go."  "Nooo. Sorrry," Dana was panicking. She didn't know if it was the salve or the fact that her behind was a little damp, but each spank stung fiercely.  Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Dana couldn't take it and twisted and threw back her right hand over her behind.  "Dana, I warned you. Move your hand, now!" Freya began smacking Dana's upper thighs and the area right below her crease, but Dana would not move her hand. "Give me both your hands," Freya ordered and Dana finally put both her hands behind her back for her mother to pin. Freya began smacking Dana's pink behind again, not any harder, but in a steady fashion until Dana pulled her hands away and scrambled off Freya's lap.  "You act like that tonight when I'm paddlin' you and Keelin is going to have to hold you. Now take your punishment as a big girl," Freya ordered. But Dana was crying and holding her fists at her side stomping. She knew the salve burned.  Rebekah said, "Put her in a chair in the corner, I'll spank her. We can switch in a moment."  Dana wailed to hear that her aunt was going to complete her punishment and she was getting sat in the corner. Freya went and got her a pair of nylon briefs and had her step in.  "No, those aren't my underwear!" Dana whined.  "They are brand new. Now stop fussing. What has gotten into you?" Freya admonished her. She smacked Dana's bare bottom twice to get her to step into the underpants. Freya fetched a small stool from the closet and ordered Dana to sit in it facing the corner. Freya went to put the towel in the dirty clothes and wash her own hands. As she was putting the salve back in her bag, she spotted the hair brush. She held it up to Rebekah. Was this what was affecting Dana so much? Rebekah shrugged. She really didn't know.  Rebekah had warmed up Rachael with firm, steady smacks over the seat of the underwear. She took it well as first and then like a damn breaking began to thrash and wail. Rachael's rear was sensitive either from the nylon, the salve, or being a little damp too. It was becoming impossible for her to hold sit and she began bouncing around as much as she could. Rebekah had no problem holding her. She did just take a brief look under the girl's panties to check and make sure that her cheeks were just pink, and not getting too red. Rebekah had to be careful not to touch the salve herself. Her hand was already getting numb from spanking, she didn't want it burning from vervain, too.  Rachael's anger melted to remorse with a few smacks of the round paddle. Crack! Crack!  "Ah! I'll be g-goood.*Pop!* I am s-sorry. *Smack* No more..." Rachael promised everything she could to end the paddling. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Unlike the humans, Rachael could take some more swats and got about eight before Rebekah felt like her bottom was a deep red. Rebekah didn't let herself get distracted by the drama happening two beds over and picked up Rachael carefully. Her face was red from being face down and Rebekah made sure her behind wasn't touching Rebekah's thighs as she sat her on her lap.  "Rachael, we love you so much. Just because we don't always like your behavior, doesn't mean we love you any less. So much has happened this week. We both got kidnapped. Everything with your family...It's okay to be sad and to celebrate, but stealing and doing what you girls did is not okay. But that is all forgiven now," Rebekah said. Rachael nodded and hiccuped. She was a mess and her bottom stung and burned. She clutched and rubbed over her underpants, but it didn't help. "I'm going to give you to your mom so I can finish up with your sister. Rachael, I know you try to push up walls to protect yourself. But you don't have to do that. We won't go away. Even if you want us, too," Rebekah joked.  Rachael smiled tearfully, "Thanks, Aunt Bex. I don't want you or anyone to go away. But maybe you can chuck that paddle in the Mississippi when you get home?"  "Fat chance. Go to your mum," Rebekah said she picked up Rachael and put her in Freya's lap. Rebekah then helped Dana stand and follow her over to the bed. Dana began to panic when she saw the paddle on the bed.  "Dana, what's going on? You're getting a couple of more paddle swats and then it's over. Why are you making a fuss?" Rebekah chided.  "It hurts! The boys always say the paddles hurt and they can't sit for like three days after!" Dana confided.  "Dana, that is silly. They are just exaggerating. There are times they probably got punished and then were at dinner or watching tv and no one ever knew it. It's going to sting and maybe you'll feel it a little later because of the salve, but we'd never really hurt you," Freya promised.  "But Elijah gave Kai his blood that time...," Dana argued.  "Hon, he felt bad because his tutor was coming and he didn't want him to have a stinging rear and have to concentrate in those hard dining room chairs. My brothers might be the most powerful creatures on earth, but at times, they are big softies. Now, enough of this naughtiness, you should know better than to believe those boys," Rebekah smiled.  Dana let Rebekah put her over her lap and felt her tap the paddle over her nylon covered rear. Crack! Dana's mouth opened, but she shut it. She was going to try to take it in stride, if the boys could, she could.  Crack! The second swat of the paddle landed right over the first and ignited the earlier heat.  Whack! Dana squeezed her eyes shut and kicked her feet up and down. Whap! She kicked more. Pop! Dana began to sob and cry. Getting paddled was worse than she thought as the burn seemed to be all over her bottom. The stupid underwear held in the heat and seemed to make the blows felt sharper.  Smack! Crack!Whap!Pop!POP!POP! Dana cried and just kicked and wiggled as much as she could through the last six swats of the paddle. When it was over, she almost didn't realize it because her bottom was still sizzling.  "Never again. We'll never do it again. S-sorry, Auntie Bex!" Dana promised.  "I know, sweetheart. I hope I never have to paddle you again. Your behind is all red as a cherry, but you will be okay soon. Now, go tell your mother you're sorry," Rebekah suggested.  Dana got up and managed to not rub her behind as she went to see Freya. Freya had been Rachael down to rest.  "Sorry, Mom. I was just afraid of getting the paddle!" Dana admitted now rubbing a little.  "Hon, come here," Freya said as she opened her arms to the chastened twin witch. "I love you and I hate doing that, but we're going to have a good day and then we'll take care of that other thing tonight." Dana was resigned, "Sorry, I should have trusted you. I was being a baby." "Shh, we'll take care of it tonight. Do you need to rest a few minutes? If not, you girls can get dressed and then we'll go down to breakfast. Then, Fun Town," Freya said.  "And maybe shopping!" Rebekah laughed.  "Yes, but the new paddle is coming with us. I've spanked in the dressing rooms at the mall before and I will not hesitate to take any one of you in there or in the restroom at Fun Town if you misbehave today. Understand?" Freya asked as she got a litany of yeses.  Rebekah was wondering who she spanked in the dressing rooms at the mall. But before she could ask, Penny came up to ask if they were ready for breakfast.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Even though you’re growing up, you should never stop having fun.” – Nina DobrevSaturday, January 20, 2011Fun Town "There they are!" Penny exclaimed to Finn, pointing at their friends from school at the party. Without a look back, they ran off leaving Elijah and Vanessa holding the party gifts and Henrik's hands.  "You want to go, too, Henrik?" Elijah asked crouching down. He couldn't tell if Henrik wanted to go and was just afraid to or actually didn't want to. Elijah looked at Vanessa for confirmation. "Sweetheart, Daddy and I will walk you over there if you want. Isn't that little girl in your class? The one in the blue dress," Vanessa prompted.  Henrik made a face and turned away. It was times like this when Elijah was at a loss. He didn't know if he should push Henrik to play with older kids or just spend some time with him one on one.  "It's okay. We'll drop off the gifts and then we can do whatever you want! You pick!" Elijah said.  "Cool! I want to do the train first and then the claw and then...," Henrik said running off in the direction of the train.  Elijah shrugged. Vanessa shook her head and laughed as she took the gift out of Elijah's hand. She'd walk it over and do the birthday party mom thing. She might have to stand by and do a few hours about small talk. Vanessa waved to Freya and Rebekah and left.  "Where's she off to?" Rebekah asked.  "Birthday party. The older two had a class party. Hence us all being here. Think the girls are okay?" Freya said looking over at them buying tokens at the desk. They headed over to play skeet ball. Tyler, Kai, and Matt had left for Caroline's house to study for some test.  Cami and Keelin had to work so Klaus was shooting basketballs in this machine with Connor, Erik, and Jeremy.  "Wow, Dad. Way to show off," Jeremy smirked as Klaus got all of the baskets in with barely any effort. "At least I didn't do it with my eyes closed! How was the quarry last night, boys?" Klaus asked Connor and Erik.  "Good. We're probably going to crash soon, but we didn't notice any new wolves or anything out of the ordinary," Connor said taking the offered basketball from his dad.  "I must have been jumping in the water. I was freezing when I turned back. Dad, you picked us up right before I was ready to turn back into wolf form," Erik explained.  Jeremy asked, "So if I ran into you when you were a wolf, would you know it's me?"  Klaus explained, "On the full moon, we seem to slip more deeply into our wolf form so last night, it's doubtful. When we transform other nights, we would have a sense, but Jeremy, it is still dangerous for us to be around humans and especially vampires."  "But your blood is the cure? And can't the twins siphon out a wolf bite?" Jeremy pressed as it was his turn to take some shots.  "Yes, but our blood can't sew someone's head back on," Erik scoffed.  "Erik!" Connor scolded.  "It's true," Erik defended.  "It is, but we are in complete control in our hybrid wolf form. So if our eyes are glowing eye and fangs come out, we're us, just amped," Klaus said in a matter of fact voice.  "I wish I was special. Look at my dumb ancestors, all they did is get me in trouble and almost killed," Jeremy complained after he missed his shots.  "Hey, hey," Klaus said putting his arm around Jeremy. Klaus gave Connor an apologetic look and he mouthed, "Give me a minute."  Connor grabbed Erik and steered him over to the shooting game he liked where you said in the booth and it made you feel like you were in a safari.  "Sorry, Dad. It's just not easy being a loser in a house of super beings," Jeremy spat.  "Son, you are not a loser.  Being a wolf can be great sometimes like on the full moon, but Jeremy, the rage, the loss of control and pain when we turn...it is agony. And you know what a vampire goes through with bloodlust. But it's more than that. When you have forever, each day is not so precious. It is only through my time with you kids and Camille that I can appreciate life. Because it does not last forever, Son, you will have things that I'll never have. You will grow old and mature. You know there is always a part of us that is frozen at our age when we will turned," Klaus said softly.  "But you and Uncle Elijah are mature," Jeremy added.  "Yes, we were more adults when we made, so was Marcel. But Rebekah and Kol, they were 16 and 17. There is a part of them that is always fighting with being an immortal child, their souls have matured...But there is always a little part of them, their brains, that remains a teen, no matter how much they fight it. Connor, he'll always be 17 forever. Jeremy, I normally wouldn't say this because a hybrid's hearing is exquisite, but Erik may never look older than 14 or 15.  And like Penny, if he takes the cure, he is an untriggered wolf again with all the anger and grief that entails," Klaus shared.  "It sounds awful when you put it that way. It's just Bonnie and me, well, I thought maybe she liked me. Then, she had this other boyfriend. Now, I'm not sure, but I thought maybe if I were special, she'd like me more," Jeremy confessed.  "Humanity is the most attractive thing to a supernatural, Jeremy. It is special in its' own way. You just be you. But we can paint later, if you want to. I'm still working on that landscape of Algiers in my New Orleans series," Klaus remarked.  "Yeah, sounds fun. But I'm going to try to go find Bonnie now. Maybe I do need to just be myself? Love you, Dad," Jeremy said.  "Love you, too, Son," Klaus said back. Klaus' eye fell on his little brother, Kol. He saw him watching someone. Without looking, he knew who it was. Forever 17, both a blessing and a curse. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Game RoomDana was bound and determined to win something at the claw game. After five tries and $5 spent, she growled, "It's fixed. Waste of money."  Erik came by and tried his hand, he got a stuffed purple, octopus and gave it to her. Dana promptly ripped it's head clean off.  "What'd you do that for?" Erik asked in alarm. Sometimes the twins' temper scared him.  "You got me in more trouble this morning," Dana said trying to stuff the head back on the stuffed animal.  "We didn't rat you guys out!" Erik said truthfully. They had seen what the girls were up to, but stayed out of it.  "I didn't say you did, but-," Dana started.  "Hey, did you guys see Bonnie?" Jeremy interrupted.  "She's in the bathroom with Rachael and Davina," Dana explained pointing toward the ladies' room.  "Why?" Jeremy asked.  "I don't know. She had to pee. Why are you asking me all these questions?" Dana spouted.  "No, I meant why do girls go to the bathroom together?" Jeremy laughed.  "How the hell do I know?" Dana asked throwing the headless octopus in the garbage.  "Dana, what were you saying about me getting you in more trouble?" Erik prodded.  "Oh, not just you, all of you guys, always saying how bad it is to get the paddle. Well, Freya and Aunt Bex came in to bust our butts this morning with some new paddle and I freaked out," Dana hissed in a confidential voice.  "Was it a Jokari? Because that thing is evil. But I ain't never got walloped with it myself," Erik admitted.  "No, it was some beach toy...I wouldn't cooperate and now I'm getting it again tonight. So you never got it with the one with holes in it?" Dana asked.  Jeremy thought, "No. But Dana, sorry if we scared you with our stories, but I think the worst thing for us about getting in trouble isn't always getting punished." Jeremy led them over to play skeet ball. Dana scowled, "Then, what is it?" She put in her token and rolled up her ball. Erik cut in, "It's disappointing our dad. He tries real hard to make everything good for us...No one likes to get whupped, but it's better than seeing that look in Dad's eyes of him realizing that we didn't mind him again." Erik got a bunch of tickets from his machine, but just left them in and put in another token. Maybe he'd try to win Penny something. "So it's not that we didn't want to drink with you guys the other night, but we've pulled shit like that before and learned it's not worth it. I mean I know it's different with you guys and Freya-," Jeremy went on.  "Why is it different with us and Freya?" Dana asked.  "Oh, because we really love our dad a lot," Erik said proudly.  "We love Freya," Dana defended. She was holding one of the heavy wooden balls.  "Oh," Erik said looking at Jeremy in surprise. "You ain't real nice to her. Sorry, I didn't realize it."  Dana choked, "Maybe we've been a little mean, but you know, my parents...like died." Dana gave up on even pretending to play skeetball.  Erik said, "My parents just died, too."  "Mine drowned on Wickery Bridge. Dana, it's okay to let your guard down a little. It takes some time, too. I used to give my dad a lot of attitude and Erik here ran away. It took a while for us to know Dad and learn that he did care and that...he really loved us. Just know that this is new for Aunt Freya, too," Jeremy said.  "Penny told me that Aunt Freya had a baby once, but that Dahlia killed it or something," Erik shared in a hushed tone.  "Oh, that's so sad," Dana said feeling a rush of sympathy. She had started out wanting to lash out at the boys. Now, she just felt remorse for being so impatient and mean. All Freya had ever tried to do was be nice to her and her siblings.  "Don't tell her I told you. Penny was having visions, so who knows if it's true," Erik said collecting his tickets.  "I won't. I guess thanks. I didn't realize that...I've been so horrible," Dana admitted.  Jeremy smiled, "Honestly, you're nicer than your sister." "Want to say that to my face?" Rachael spat behind Jeremy.  "Sorry, just joking!" Jeremy said lamely.  "Well, it will be a joke when you start spitting up scorpions later on," Rachael vowed smiling sweetly.  "Bonnie, she's joking, right? Hey, let's go play laser tag," Jeremy suggested.  "Okay," Bonnie said.  "Fine, Bonnie. Abandon us," Rachael gripped.  "Rachael, put a cork in it," Dana admonished her. "We need to talk."  "You can bitch at me later, Mom said it's time to go shopping. Sorry, Erik, it's ladies only. We're also going to lunch, so enjoy the crappy pizza here," Rachael giggled.  "Are we leaving Bonnie here?" Davina worried.  Erik said, "I just saw her and Jer go in for laser tag. I'll tell her you left."  "Okay, thanks. Bye, Erik. Sorry about her," Dana said pointing at Rachael. Then, Dana realized that Rachael had called Freya 'Mom,' too. Maybe they weren't the best daughters yet, but Dana was going to prove that they could do better. She, at least, could do better, maybe Rachael was a lost cause, Dana thought as she dragged her twin away.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Near the Ball Pit"Brother, am I that obvious?" Kol smiled. Klaus came up and put a hand on his brother's shoulder lightly. Kol tore his eyes away from Davina in the game room.  "Kol, it's okay. Don't be too hard on yourself," Klaus said.  "She came into my room and I sent her away. I always worried how many times I would have the strength to do that. And then I wondered how many times until she would take me up on my half hearted pleas to move on. She has now. I can tell," Kol concluded.  "It's only for a few more years, Brother. But I'm sorry. I know how I would feel if it was Camille," Klaus considered.  "Thank you, Nik. Really, I'll be fine. Our sister and the other girls, I'm not too sure, though," Kol smirked. Kol's smirk died as an animatronic bear lumbered by him. That thing terrified him. "Why?" Klaus asked in puzzlement.  "The prohibition of 2011! The kids get hammered and now the adults must stay sober. I see Elijah's fingerprints all over this one," Kol speculated.  "Wait! Back up. I knew the girls pinched some booze, but now we're not drinking? We're bloody 21," Klaus growled.  "Speak for yourself," Kol said, "But I'm for it, just to see how long Bex can go without her Mommy juice."  "Kol, I'm sure she will be fine. It's not like our little Sister has a full-time job, toilets to scrub, and the other stresses of a modern human," Klaus rejoined.  "Shall we make a wager?" Kol suggested lightly. He knew Rebekah would be guzzling out of the bottle by tomorrow night.  "No, absolutely not," Klaus said firmly.  "What if I did all of your household chores for two weeks if you win, if you lose, you do mine?" Kol stated.  "So I bet that Rebekah can abstain until the end of her visit, is that the agreement?" Klaus prompted.  "Yes, I bet that she cannot and will be hitting the bottle well before she steps back into the jet," Kol surmised.  "It's a bet, then. I believe in our little sister and her resolve," Klaus appealed.  "I do not," Kol chuckled. He watched as Rebekah and Marcel played foosball and Marcel lost.  "You know my chores start at 6am with waking up my kids, right?" Klaus pressed.  Kol claimed, "Yes, but it doesn't matter since you will lose. Here's Elijah. Not a word."  "Brothers, I finally got Henrik to join the kids at the party. Say, I have an idea about the house. Can we find Connor? This involves him also," Elijah stressed.  Klaus found Connor and brought him over to his brothers. "Thanks, Connor. So I'm sure you remember all the fuss we had with the smaller kids jumping over the furniture and almost killing themselves by leaping off the beds. It occurred to me, what if we designed an indoor playscape modeled after their favorite safe place: Fun Town," Elijah suggested grandly.  "No animatronics!" Kol blurted. "What? No, of course not. I'm thinking we could build that ramp, a ball pit, have swings, those climbing walls, and other safe activities that would give them exercise even when it is cold outside. Hell, we could make an outdoor sport court and a smaller scale one in the boys' old bedroom. That is still a really large room. Tyler has two little ones on the way. Henrik is only 8 and Penny and Finn are only 10. We could even ask the kids what they want," Elijah urged.  Connor said excitedly, "And since I'm in the vo-tech now. I can help. Uncle Elijah and I have been talking about putting in a workshop for me. I could build the stuff. Actually, Jeremy can design stuff on the computer. Like CAD, computer aided drafting. He could help."  "We could all help, really. Erik would love it if we built an area for Sadie. Like a dog training park...You know the kids want another dog," Kol mused.  "Yes, we are aware," Klaus smiled. "I think this is the perfect timing. They haven't broken ground on the pool or Freya's greenhouse yet. If we gave them the specifications of a sport court, that wouldn't be so hard to add. Everyone can add their wish list. I know Penny wants a trampoline. Her girlfriend has one at her house."  "Yes, this is what I am talking about. I know we wanted to surprise the kids with what the architects did with their new bedrooms. But maybe we should have allowed the kids to design their own spaces? I think I missed a lot of things they needed. For example, Connor, just today you boys said you need a gang style shower. Two showers just isn't enough for six boys in the morning," Elijah added.  "We ain't real concerned with privacy and all. I think we're more worried about being late and Dad making us ride that crappy bus again," Connor laughed.  Klaus smiled back, "My son, I just don't want you guys speeding because you are afraid of being late. If you need a bigger barracks type shower, we'll get you one. There is space for us to add one by the bedrooms in what is now a storage area. We have a lot of planning to do."  "Yes, now do you see what I brought all of us here?" Elijah pressed.  "So we never have to come back here because our house will be ten times better?" Kol probed.  "Yes, exactly!" Elijah laughed.  Connor was already talking to his dad about building a treehouse. "I know he's kind of old for it, but Erik saw a tree house in some movie...and he's always wanted one. As long as there was a way to get Sadie up there, I think he'd really like it," Connor said shyly.  "We can build a dog-vator," Kol said with confidence.  Klaus put an arm around Connor, "Such a good brother, this one."  "And?" Elijah prompted.  Klaus rolled his eyes and included his two other brothers in a group hug. "It could work, lads. Kiss Fun Town goodbye!" Klaus dreamt. Just then, an animatronic chicken came up behind them clucking, and even Klaus flinched.
  
    Chapter Text
    Saturday, January 20, 2011Fun Town 4pmElijah made sure that Vanessa left with the rest of the ladies to go out to lunch and shop. That meant he was on birthday party dad duty. He sat at a chipped formica table in the shade of puce and listened to a mother complain about the prices at their "all-inclusive vacation."  "All-inclusive, my ass, I told Brent... It was a total rip off. To go to the five star restaurants, you had to pay. Next time, we're going to Disney...," the sharp faced blond said to her friend.  "But I thought you liked Punta Cana, Delores...," the other woman said.  Elijah tried to block them out and focus on watching the kids. Klaus had taken everyone else except Kol home. Connor and Erik needed to sleep and everyone else was just done. Elijah felt like the party was finally wrapping up.  Elijah's vampire hearing zoned in on the children.  Penny was playing miniature golf with another little girl whose name he didn't know.  "...well, maybe if you weren't so fat!" he heard Penny say. Oh God, his brother was in over his head with that child, Elijah thought as he started to get up. Then, he heard the other girl laugh, "It is a lady bug, Penny. Rolly polly!" Then, he heard laugher. That's what he got for eavesdropping he chided himself. Finn and Henrik were at the table with the birthday boy going through some goody bags. Elijah was dismayed to see it was loaded with candies that he had never seen before.  He forced himself to remain seated as Finn licked a stick and then dug it back into the bag of sugar over and over again. The boys were laughing and having fun. Henrik dropped a bouncing ball from his bag and almost hit his head on the table retrieving it. He looked up and saw Elijah watching and gave him a big, toothy grin and a wave. He had lost another tooth. Elijah smiled and waved back.  The party mother who was collecting garbage in a bag, turned and announced, "Okay, kids, time for presents!" Elijah cringed. It was never going to end. He would not let himself look at his watch. Penny and her friend and the other kids gathered around the birthday boy and watched him rip off the wrapping paper of the assorted boxes. Luckily, there were a good number of gift bags with expedited the process.  Kol sat down suddenly across from Elijah drinking something out of a straw.  "Where were you? What is in that cup?" Elijah asked. He thought he smelled artificial cherry or was it watermelon?  "It's called a slushie. This is my third one. There's a shop next door where they sell them," Kol explained.  "Oh, well, I thought we were done with the party, but they just started unwrapping the presents. You know, I was just thinking of something," Elijah said.  "What?" Kol said sucking on his drink.  "We don't have birthdays for the boys. I think I recall Mother saying about Finn being born in the winter, maybe Freya would remember? Henrik was in the summer," Elijah recalled.  "Oh, no birthday means no birthday parties. Never matters to us, but I guess we're overdue about 1000 of these events by now," Kol quipped.  "You were born in the spring, it was sunny out, but still cool. Maybe March?" Elijah speculated.  "How do you remember this stuff?" Kol said in awe. Though in truth, he remembered a lot of their human life. Some of it, he preferred to forget. He remembered how Henrik had died in the summer on that terrible night. Everything changed after that.  Kol turned and looked at the boys now. "Do you think they remember anymore? Their old lives. I said something a couple of days ago, maybe about the old house? They seemed to have no idea what I was talking about. That would be a blessing."  "I feel like it's all gone now. For better or worse, that part of them is gone or buried maybe. They have so many new experiences now, that maybe it is just too much for their brains to process. Vanessa was right about school being good for them," Elijah smiled as he watched Finn laughing with his friends.  "She was. When are you going to marry her already?" Kol asked coyly.  "To tell you the truth, I worry that she'll get cold feet. She's young, Kol. For someone to settle down and become a mother like this at her age, in addition to being a new vampire, is astounding to me," Elijah admitted.  "You have to admit you owe me there," Kol laughed. "I mean, I shouldn't have killed her, but in terms of my progeny, she's the best."  Elijah smiled, "True, little brother, I shall give you that one. But you need not sire any more young vampires. Anyway,I noticed you and Davina are avoiding each other." "Indeed. I think we're really going to give this break a go this time. It is the right thing to do," Kol said pragmatically.  "I'm proud of you, Kol. We all know this isn't easy on either of you," Elijah replied.  "It's not supposed to be right? I mean, they say that nothing that is really worth it is easy. So, everyone is pretty excited to start these new house projects, huh? An indoor amusement park, a sport court, a tree house, a pool, a greenhouse, etc. How's the whole money situation?" Kol asked.  Elijah paused a moment. "You know, Kol. You have never asked me that before.  Things are good, really. The new financial guy had freed up a lot of our assets. There is no use holding on to a lot of expensive properties that we never use. I've limited our holdings and rented out the others. I think we're going to be okay."  "I am here for you, Elijah. Let me help you more. I can take the lead on the new building projects. You are already busy with the finances, the boys, and the house," Kol responded.  "It's a deal. But I'm here if you need me. Oh, finally, it looks like it's almost over," Elijah said getting up.  "What is that greenish goo that is over all over the children?" Kol asked in horror as he slurped the last of his drink.  "I believe it is some sort of candy, but it's also a slime. I am really not sure, but the boys are going to crash. I am just warning you, baby Bro, that the car ride home is going to be rough. The last time they got into a fist fight over a stuffed pig or was it a bear? See? My memory does fail me," Elijah whispered as he walked over to the children.  "Uncle Kol! We got treat bags!" Henrik yelled.  "Awesome, mate. Can I wipe your face for ya lad?" Kol said grabbing a semi-clean napkin from the table.  Elijah thanked the hostess and steered Finn and Penny out of the maze of kids and animatronic furry figures the best that he could. They almost made it out before Henrik realized that he hadn't turned in his tickets for a prize. Elijah closed his eyes in horror. All he could hear were the happy screams of children and carnival music.  "Me, too, Dad. I have a lot of tickets!" Finn suddenly recalled.  "Penny, darling, do you have any?" Kol asked.  "I have lots!" Penny replied as she ran up to the prize counter and dumped out her tickets. In reality, each ticket was worth a penny and could only buy the cheapest trinkets, like plastic tops.  Ten minutes later, they watched out of Fun Town with each child sporting a large stuffed animal that was marked up 100%.  "Thanks for my giraffe, Uncles!" Penny said.  "Well, you are very welcome, Penelope. Did you have fun at the party?" Elijah smiled as he opened the door for his dark haired niece. She had some ice cream on her white shirt right above a glittery star and lettering that said, "I am a star." He'd have to soak that before putting it in the wash.  "Yes, my friend was there. It was fun," Penny said. From the other side of the car, Elijah heard Finn and Henrik starting to bicker.  "Stop touching my stuff, Henrik. You already ate your candy," Finn yelled.  "You stole that from my bag. I saw you. Give it back," Henrik screamed.  "Lads, your father just spent way too much money on those toys. Could you please not argue back there?" Kol pleaded.  "But Uncle Kol, he stole my candy!" Henrik wailed as Finn punched him in the arm. Elijah quickly got in the car and put on his seat belt.  "Finn, no hitting. Say you're sorry," Elijah said sternly as he backed up.  "Henrik, you're a baby," Penny called across the seats at him.  "No, I'm not. He stole my stuff. You're mean, Penny. Shut up!" Henrik yelped as Finn tried to grab his treat bag.  "Hey, that's enough. When we get home, the three of you are taking showers and getting in your pjs, do you hear?" Elijah asked.  "I'm not going to bed! It's too early," Finn retorted. "Finn, did I say you had to go to bed?" Elijah inquired.  "No, guess not," Finn said with a yawn.  "Now no more arguing or you are all losing your new stuffed animals, I mean it," Elijah said firmly.  Henrik made a whining down, but then yawned and put his head against the window.  "Dad! Henrik's asleep," Finn hissed a few minutes later.  "It's okay. Let him sleep. We'll be home soon," Elijah said. He felt like he had been through a war. A few minutes after that, Kol whispered, "Bloody hell, they are all asleep."  "Indeed, they all are," Elijah mused. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionMarcel and Rebekah's Quarters6:45pmDavina didn't know how to tell Josh that the moonlight rings hadn't worked. She found Marcel working on his laptop in bed with a bunch of files and paperwork on the side.  "Dad, can you be the one to tell Josh that the rings didn't work? He's going to be just like, heartbroken," Davina said slowly.  "Sure, D. Josh will be disappointed, but he knows we won't give up. Aiden will be okay for a while longer.  How was shopping with the ladies today?" Marcel asked as he pushed his paperwork to the side.  "Fun. I got a new jacket and some boots. Are you still mad at me?" Davina asked shyly.  "Baby girl, come here," Marcel said getting up to hug his daughter, "I was never mad at you." Marcel folded Davina in his arms tightly.  "But you smacked me last night," Davina added in a hoarse whisper .  "I'm sorry but I won't let you disrespect your family like that. But honestly, I was not real proud of myself for how I handled that," Marcel admitted.  "Would you really let Uncle Elijah spank me?" Davina asked sadly.  "Yes, you know, that man taught me to read and write. He taught me to play the piano, he taught me how to understand math and numbers, and a lot of times he taught me right from wrong," Marcel said letting Davina go, but indicating that she could sit on the bed beside him.  "But didn't your dad do those things?" Davina asked.  "Yes, but my dad treated me like I was made of glass for a long time. He was afraid to discipline me or upset me. It's funny but by just wanting me to be happy all the time, he kind of created a little 'monster Marcellus.' It was Elijah who had to straighten me out a little," Marcel grinned remembering the past. He didn't want to tell her Kol is the one who used to call him MM when he was throwing a fit, that always pissed off young Marcel even further.  "But that's not me, right? I mean, am I spoiled?" Davina wondered.  "Davina, to be truthful, you live in two mansions and have all the material things you can want. But I don't feel like that is what makes someone spoiled. I feel like if you threw a tantrum every time you didn't get your way or you're never satisfied with what you do have, then that's a sign of being a spoiled brat. I was one, so I can spot others. That's not you," Marcel placated her with his signature grin.  Davina flushed, "I know I throw fits sometimes still."  "Hey, we're working on that. You are starting to notice when you get angry and then work through it. Is there something else you wanted to talk about?" Marcel pressed.  "You know," Davina said softly. "About Kol and me..." "I just noticed you two were not going anywhere near one another. You okay?" Marcel said.  Davina smiled, "I'm okay. Really, I'm ready to be happy. No more sad songs and crap like that. I just wanted Josh to know about the rings and make sure you weren't mad at me."  "Davina, not only is the family deserving of respect, they will be there for you when you need it. Don't be worried about who's allowed to do this or that. Be aware that you are in control of yourself. We only have a couple more days here. Have fun with the other kids," Marcel said. "Mom will be up after her bath to tuck you in. How do you like the new bedroom?"  "Overall, fun. It's kind of like a sleepover every night. Dad, I kind of wish we could stay longer," Davina whispered.  "We will soon, hon. Love you," Marcel said as she bounced out of the room. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Freya and Keelin's Quarters7:12pm"Me and my big mouth," Freya muttered to herself.  "Freya Mikaelson, are you yelling at yourself?" Keelin laughed.  "Yes, ma'am, I am. I threatened Dana with another paddling at bedtime if she didn't settle down this morning. She was so wild that Rebekah had to finish her spanking because I couldn't even hold her down," Freya groaned.  "Really? What happened?" Keelin asked.  "I guess the boys scared the bejesus out of her about getting whacked and she saw the beach paddle and panicked. I really don't want to do this again," Freya whined.  "Hon, you put the threat out there and she called your bluff, you gotta follow through. Maybe have her bend over this time so you don't have to hold her?" Keelin suggested.  "I thought maybe you could help me hold her?" Freya asked hopefully.  "Oh Freya, I don't know if I want the kids associating me with their punishments like that. I mean, can you let me earn being the evil stepmother before I become the evil stepmom?" Keelin asked.  "Oh Keelin, I'm sorry, you're right. I shouldn't have asked. But Dana is coming up here before bedtime for some privacy from the other girls. Don't feel like you need to leave. Quite frankly, I could use the support," Freya admitted.  Keelin saw how nervous Freya was, "I'll stay, of course. You know instead of putting yourself through this, you could just put her on restriction a week? No tv or no iPod, whatever they use now."  "I know. It's just I really thought this would clear the air Here's a funny thing. Both girls called me mom this morning.  It was the first time. I don't know why it takes them-," Freya said as they heard a knock.  Keelin answered it, "Hi Dana, come on in."  Dana was in her pajama shorts and a large t-shirt. She was nervous, but determined to make up for this morning. It was earlier than Freya had anticipated doing this, but Dana had just begged her to get it over with. It was not the way either of them wanted to spend Saturday night.  "Hi hon, sorry we have to do this. Is it okay with you that Keelin is here?" Freya asked.  "Yeah, of course," Dana replied.  "Just give me one sec, I'm trying to get a hold of your brother. I thought those boys would be home by now," Freya added.  "Were they at Tyler's mansion?" Dana asked.  "No, they said they were studying at Caroline's house. I swear if I don't hear from him in an hour, I'm going to do a locator spell," Freya said. "I can help," Dana offered.  "You might have to," Freya smiled. She glanced at Keelin, who pointed out the door.  "Hey, I'm going to go make a phone call. You call me if you, ah, need me," Keelin said. She could sense the awkwardness in the room and felt like her presence wasn't helping.  "Thanks, babe," Freya said looking back at Dana. Her red hair was in braids and her face pale and freckled. Freya reached out and touched the side of her face.  "Can we get this over with?," Dana asked standing in front of Freya.  "Yes, hopefully there won't be a next time, but if there is, you will know what is expected. You can hop over my lap," Freya said gently.  Dana's face and neck flushed red and she leaned over Freya's lap on the bed. Freya had the spelled hairbrush near her on the night stand, that would stop Dana from healing, but as soon as she got away from the brush, she would heal at her normal vampire rate.  "I really hate the fact that we are doing this again. Can you tell me why you are over my knee again?" Freya asked as she rested her right hand over Dana's cotton shorts.  "I wouldn't listen this morning and Aunt Bex had to spank me," Dana said nervously.  "I can't overpower you and I won't restrain you with magic, so anytime you fight me during a spanking, you will get another harder one. But don't think that I like doing this," Freya admitted. She took a deep breath and steeled herself to raise up her hand higher. Thud! Thud! Thud! Whack! Whack! Freya began swatting over Dana's shorts firmly. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! She didn't think that her daughter was feeling much, but she persevered for another ten swats.  "Sorry," Dana blurted. Her backside was feeling some taps, but nothing near anything like she felt this morning.  "For what, hon?" Freya asked confused.  "For being such a bitch, I guess. I was talking to Erik and...it's like they worship their dad. When they get in trouble, they feel bad just because they like upset him or something. Rachael and me, we're selfish. We just do what we want so other people think we are badass. You deserve better kids," Dana deflected as tears rolled down her face and onto the bed comforter.  Freya lifted Dana and hugged her, "Dana, shhh, that's not true. I have the best kids, too. You have only been here a little while. Your parents just died and you got kidnapped. I'm sorry about the morning. I was too hard on you and you panicked. I shouldn't have threatened you with another spanking, but I don't want you to think that you can't take it. It will be over soon and I hope you will feel better, if that makes sense. I love you so much." Dana wiped her tears and nodded, "We love you, too. I wish we showed it better. I can take it. I'm sorry but I think you just wore out your hand for nothing." Freya smiled at the girl's bravery, "Thanks for being honest, hon. You don't need to prove anything to me, I'm here for better or worse. I thought that the hairbrush would negate your healing but maybe it is too far away. Hang on, let me get my tried and true salve." Freya came back from the bathroom with a small spray bottle of salve and the beach paddle tucked in the back of her jeans. She also had a bath towel. "Okay, pants and underwear down. I'll spray the salve and give you the spanking from this morning and then we can talk," Freya explained.  Dana took a deep breath of her own and obeyed, She got back over Freya's lap now covered with the towel. The salve spray felt cool and dried quickly over Dana's backside and upper thighs. Freya told Dana to grab a pillow to hold onto and hug so she didn't reach back. Freya didn't want to swat her hands or fingers with the paddle by accident. "I'm going to let that dry. Wow, you are right. That little hand spanking did nothing to warm you up. I really don't want to bruise you so bear with me," Freya said as she began to smack Dana's seat quickly. Her smacks were light, but fast enough that soon Dana couldn't tell them apart. A warmth and then a heat spread over her bottom for the next minute or so. Freya made sure that both cheeks were a hot pink color and Dana was shifting and kicking slightly before she picked up the paddle. Freya's hand was numb and Dana's rear looked sore, but she still had the last part to finish.  Dana felt the hard teak wood patting over her hot rear and whimpered.  "Shhh, it's going to sting and you are going to behave yourself by staying over my lap," Freya said. Pop! Pop! Freya gave Dana the first two swats using slight wrist movement. Although they were not hard, Dana jerked and moaned, "Owwww."  Pop! Pop! The paddle covered each check with a fiery burn that soon had Dana wailing.  Pop! Pop! Freya was swatting each cheek and then popped Dana across both cheeks firmly. Crack! "ARRRRRGGHH!" Dana yelled and began to thrash as that really smarted. Dana started to push herself up with her hands and then clutched the pillow instead and cried into it.  "I'm going to give you a minute to settle down. You still have five more swats coming," Freya revealed. Whap! Whap! POP! The paddle was leaving a white area in the center of each cheek that looked like a target. Freya was careful not to paddle too hard, but she could tell it really stung.  Dana bucked and started to raise up but let Freya pressed her back down with her left hand.  "Two more, hon. You're doing really well," Freya said soothingly. Crack! Crack! Freya aimed the last two smacked a little lower on Dana's sit spots. Dana wept and kicked, but remained over Freya's lap. Freya set the round beach paddle to her right and rubbed Dana's red and white splotchy bottom. She was concerned that bruises were forming.  "All done, honey. No more, hopefully ever. I don't ever want to do that again, but I will if you need me to," Freya said softly.  "I'll be g-good," Dana cried.  "You are good. Do you feel ready to get up?" Freya asked slowly.  "Yeah, I mean, yes, I do," Dana said in reply. Freya helped Dana stand. "Can you pull your shorts back up?"  "No, please. Not yet," Dana pleaded.  "Okay, here," Freya said grabbing a soft blanket off of her bed and some tissues. Freya put the beach paddle in the drawer in the bedside table. Dana wrapped herself in the blanket. "Thanks," Dana said taking the tissues and blowing her nose.  "You okay?" Freya asked. She pulled Dana carefully on her lap and held her.  "It smarts, but I'm okay. I swear we're gonna do better. Rachael needs a lot of work, but I can help with that..." Dana vowed.  "No, hon. You don't need to worry about Rachael. She's her own person. And I mean it, you are the best kids. I don't want other kids. None of us is perfect or knows what we are doing, but we are going to screw up as a family," Freya attested. "Keelin, come back in!"  "What? I wasn't eavesdropping," Keelin laughed. Freya smirked, "Yeah, right!"  She softened as saw how pitiful Dana looked, "I leave and five minutes later I came back to finding you like this. Come here, child." Keelin sat on the other side of the bed and pulled Dana to her. Dana felt, indeed, like a small child for a few moments as they fussed over her and rubbed her back. She let herself be petted. Keelin lifted the blanket and saw Dana's bright red bottom, "Babe, her butt is as red as a fire hydrant. Can she have another salve or something?"  "That one is water soluble, I'm afraid. Does it still sting?" Freya asked Dana.  "Yes," Dana admitted,"And I can't rub or it will sting my hands."  Keelin put Dana on the bed on her stomach with her bottom still glowing. She rubbed her behind gently. As she was a werewolf, the vervain didn't bother her.  "Better, Dana?" Keelin asked.  "Yes, thanks, Mama K.," Dana said groggily. The burning was still bad, but starting to subside a little.  Keelin smiled at the nickname and looked at Freya. "Hey, I forgot to tell you, but I sold some of your salves at work," Keelin shared.  "Really? To whom?" Freya asked in shock.  "Some are good for healing, of course, so some of my older patients like it for aches and pains, well, the healing kind. The other, wolf families with rambunctious kids who heal too fast when the parents are trying to make a point really appreciate it for this same purpose," Keelin explained as she indicated Dana's behind as an example.  "So, you're sure no one is using it for ill will? I'm just afraid it can be used against supernaturals by nefarious purposes," Freya asked urgently.  "There are people I trust, but couldn't you spell the salve to only be used with love or good purposes?" Keelin asked now rubbing Dana's back.  Dana turned a little, "Mom, I think we could do it. I mean if it helps people, we should try, right?"  Freya agreed, "Yeah, I guess it is worth a try. I mean, if it weren't for the salve, the supernatural kids around here would be a tad more out of control. I mean, I hate to say it, but sometimes our gentler, more modern parenting methods fell flat around here. If my salve could help save lives and keep families together, let's do it."  Keelin grinned, "Great. We better get to work. Did Kai even come back?" Freya checked her phone, "Nothing. I'm going to go see if Niklaus heard from Tyler or Matt. Are you girls okay here?"  Keelin pointed, Dana was sleeping. Keelin covered her up with the blanket and followed Freya out of the room to let her sleep for a few more minutes. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mikaelson MansionSaturday, January 20, 2011"Mama K.? That has a nice ring to it," Freya teased. She threw herself into Keelin's arms and closed her eyes. Freya felt like she could sleep a hundred years again.  "So does 'Mom.' I have to admit that I thought you were going to go soft on the girl. Then, I come back and her backside was almost smoking. Poor little thing-I have to admit, I was feeling for her. Hell, I was her about twenty years back," Keelin admitted.  "Twenty years, huh? Someday I want to hear all those bad things you did as a wild wolf.  But as for our twin, I warned her not to fight me during a lickin' or she's getting a worse one. She had a lot of guilt, too, maybe about things that she could or couldn't control. I don't know. She and Rachael seem to bring out the worst brattiness out in each other sometimes," Freya mused. "Let's go look for Kai."  Freya and Keelin walked out into the wide hallway arm in arm.  "Twins. That can't be easy. Especially, with them looking exactly alike. There's Matt," Keelin said.  "Matthew, hi honey. Where's Kai?" Freya asked. She had a sixth sense that something wasn't right.  "Kai? He said he told you that he was...going out with another friend. Tyler, isn't that right?" Matt called. Tyler and Matt had been talking to Klaus in his room about their day.  "Yeah, but his friend was a lady. Not real old, but older. She had a weird dress on," Tyler admitted.  "A weird dress? Like an old-fashioned dress? Long skirt? Red bun?" Freya asked frantically. Matt and Tyler nodded.  Klaus came to the door, "What's wrong, Sister?"  "It's Kai. I think he went off with Lily Salvatore!" Freya gasped. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Lily's HouseMystic Falls, VirginiaKai didn't think he would ever want to see Lily again. Just the sight of her reminded him of being in the 1903 prison world again. But when she had sent him the message, he had to meet her.  "I didn't know you knew how to leave a text message," Kai said to Lily as she ushered him into her new house. It was a foreclosure in an old neighborhood in Mystic Falls. One where neighbors would not ask questions.  "Yes, well, we do have to adapt to modern times. How are enjoying 2011, Malachai?" Lily said as she steering Kai into a living room. He remembered she always liked to have tea in the parlor.  "I like not being trapped, if that is what you are asking?" Kai retorted.  "No need to get smart, young man. I called you here because I have a deal that much help us both," Lily explained firmly.  "Could you get to the point, please? I actually have a real family now and I don't want them to know I am here, with you," Kai smirked.  "Fine. As you know, I just got back from that sad scene in New Orleans with your parents and your sister, Jo. One thing you may not know is that the prison world that your younger siblings are in is an important one to me," Lily stated. Beau came in and began serving tea.  "Hey, Beau! Still acting as Lily's butler, I see. Man, you can do better," Kai snarked. Beau ignored Kai and walked out of the room with a nod towards Lily. Kai could never understand their weird devotion to her.  "Kai, I am trying to retain my patience with your poor decorum. Now, please listen," Lily said with a tight smile.  "Or what? You can't send me to my room to think anymore! Oh wait, are you going to try to have Beau hold me down again so you can beat me with your giant hairbrush?" Kai ranted.  "Malachai, is this what you are upset about? That I had to punish you from time to time? I did that because I cared about you. I know you didn't like it, you weren't supposed to. If you would have behaved properly, you would not have gotten so many punishments," Lily implored him. She had tried to talk to Kai about this in New Orleans. She had thought they could move on, but the boy had always been a hot head. He reminded her that way of her oldest son, the vampire son she had just lost there, Malcolm.  "No, I'm mad because...,you know what? Forget it, just tell me what you want so I can leave," Kai exploded.  Lily took a breath, she did not do well when someone spoke to her in this rude fashion. It reminded her of how her husband used to talk to her, but Kai was right, he was out of her reach. "Fine, Malachai. Here's the truth, once and for all. Your siblings are trapped in a prison world with...Julian! The love of my life. I need him out of there. I am assuming that you would like to see your siblings grow up in a normal world, right?" Lily said sweetly.  "What? I thought they were dead! How did they get in a prison world?" Kai said standing up to pace.  "How did you get in a prison world? Your parents. Your coven. Your sister sealed them in. They told me Julian wasn't in there, but he is. It's just that he is in there in a sort of relic, trapped. It's a bit hard to explain. The real question is how do we get them out," Lily spat.  "What do you want from me?" Kai asked blankly.  "We need to exchange them with your sister, Jo. She's the only one who can unlock the prison world," Lily lamented.  "Why?" Kai asked afraid to hear the answer.  "Because she has the ascendent," Lily admitted with tears in her eyes. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionKitchen10:30pm "You went where?" Freya yelled in horror. "To Lily's new house," Kai answered.  Klaus cut in, "Kai, we didn't know where you were. You lied to the boys. Lily is a dangerous Heretic. They took you once."  Kai realized he had put himself in danger. "I'm sorry. She texted me that she could rescue my younger siblings if I met with her."  "Younger? I don't understand. I'm sorry but I thought they were dead," Freya asked.  "According to Lily, they are trapped in a prison world with her #1 lover, some dude named Julian. He must be quite a guy because she is willing to do almost anything to get him back," Kai confessed.  Klaus squeezed his eyes shut, "What does she want, Kai?"  "My twin, Jo. She claimed that Jo has the ascendent for that prison world and her blood is the only thing that can open it," Kai said slowly.  "But Jo took off and disappeared," Freya remarked. "Those poor kids."  Kai admitted, "I don't even really know them. I was even locked away or gone. The twins might know them better. I guess I did know Olivia and Lucas a bit. We called Olivia, 'Liv'...She was cute when she was a baby, she had curly blond hair and big blue eyes...."  Klaus' eyes met Freya's, "We'll help, of course. But I just wonder what this Julian did to get locked in a prison world. Your coven only hunted the worst of the worst vampires in the world.  I fear for those children."  "Thanks. Lily said that Julian is locked inside some kind of relic or something so I'm not sure he is free in there. But the kids are still really young. I don't know who is taking care of them. If it is okay with you guys, I'd just like to go to bed," Kai said yawning.  Klaus opened his mouth and then shut it and put his hands up.  "I'm glad you are alright, Kai. But please, don't do this to us again," Klaus said as he kissed Kai on the forehead.  "Sorry, Uncle Klaus," Kai said softly.  "Don't forget to drink your blood before bed. Love you," Klaus said. He knew what he thought Freya needed to do, but he was going to stay out of it. She would deal with it as she saw fit. Klaus nodded at Freya and took his leave. He really felt the need for some wine himself, but he was abstaining, as were the rest of the adults. Klaus would never be the first to break. Surely, no one would fault him a few beers? "Kai, I'm sorry but you are grounded until further notice. You can also hand over that phone, hon," Freya said holding out her hand.  "But what if she calls or texts?" Kai asked.  "Exactly, let the adults deal with it. You need to worry about drinking your blood on schedule and keeping even emotionally. Are you alright about seeing Lily?" Freya said as Kai handed her his cell phone.  "Not really. She is so smug and condescending. I feel like she wants to drag me by the ear into the corner and make me kneel on corn or something!" Kai growled.  "What? She did that to you?" Freya asked.  "No, but she did that to the girls when they were 'impudent' and I don't even know that that means. She just makes me really mad. Freya, I don't trust her," Kai said hotly. "I think she does care about me and maybe she tried to apologize in her own way, but I just don't trust her."  Freya put her arms around the newly made vampire.  "It's okay, Kai. You don't have to deal with her alone. Let's get you some blood and then you can go to bed. Honestly, I'm just glad you are back safe and sound," Freya said. She went to the fridge and handed him a blood bag. Dana came into the kitchen, "Kai? Where were you?"  Kai drank from the blood bag and answered, "Ah, Lily's place. It's a long story."  Dana also grabbed a blood bag, "Any news on Jo? The other kids?"  Kai glanced at Freya, "Lily wants Jo to let out her lover from the ascendent. Like we know where Jo is!"  Dana laughed, "Yeah, is there any chance she can survive after 22 now? If Kai stays a vamp? I mean, she's not a siphon so she can't become a vampire herself. Plus, there's no coven to run..." Freya bit her lip, "I don't think anyone knows. Kai, we need to be really careful that she doesn't try to feed you the cure somehow and then merge with you. I know this sounds crazy, but we need to be very careful that you are not slipped Penny's blood."  Dana nodded, "That's a good point."  Freya looked over Dana, "You good, hon?"  Dana smiled, "Getting there." The blood bag was helping her heal a little. She could feel it working as she drained the bag. Freya hugged them both, "Okay, you two, get to bed. We'll talk more about this in the morning. Maybe we can do something fun tomorrow?" "I thought I was grounded?" Kai asked glumly. "Not from family outings, okay? Sweetheart, I promise you that I will never leave this house and leave you here alone even if you run off with 100 crazy old vampires," Freya laughed.  Kai tried not to tear up in front of them, but failed. That made Freya cry a little, too. Freya pulled both teens into a hug and held them a few moments silently.  "I'll ride up to say goodnight to Rachael with you, Dana," Freya said.  "I'm going to take the stairs," Kai said wiping his eyes.  "Night, Kai," Freya said.  In the elevator, Dana said, "That was nice of you, what you said to Kai. About not leaving him alone. He was locked away for a long time."  "Well, he did put himself in danger tonight by going off with Lily, but I understand why he did it. If it's possible, he wants to help your younger siblings. I know the lengths I go for my siblings and would go for you guys," Freya admitted wryly.  "Liv and Lucas are the other set of twins...then little Joey, his real name is Joseph, and then baby Rosalind, or Rosy. I guess they would all be older now by three years at least," Dana surmised.  "Oh Dana, what happened to your family is a real tragedy, your coven really. Did they ever say how it started? The merge?" Freya inquired.  "No one talked about it. My grandmother said it was a curse one time, but she was getting senile and my dad just laughed it off. Do you think it could be a curse? Can't curses be lifted?" Dana wondered.  "I think it depends," Freya said, letting Dana get off the elevator first at the fourth floor.  They walked down to the entrance to the girls' quarters. On weekends, the kids could stay up until 11pm. "What are the chances that anyone is actually in bed?" Freya smiled.  "Probably only Penny and maybe Bonnie, she's kind of a rule follower," Dana announced.  "At least someone is," Freya said.  They found Davina, Rachael, and Bonnie on the couches and the floor watching a movie. "Hi girls, anything good on?" Freya asked.  "Nah, not really," Davina said yawning.  "It's almost bedtime. Why don't you girls go brush and wash your faces? I need to talk to Rachael a minute," Freya said.  "Am I in more trouble?" Rachael asked defensively.  "No, honey. I just wanted to share some stuff before you heard it from someone else," Freya said softly. She filled in Rachael on the possibility that if they found Jo, they could rescue the other kids.  "But if the kids get out of the prison world, will they have to merge someday? Will this continue the coven? A part of me thinks it is just better off ended. We always knew that Dana and I were just back up twins in case something went wrong with Jo and Kai. Then, when they found out that we were siphons, they had another set of twins. I never wanted to live my life like that," Rachael spat. "Just having kids for the wrong reasons."  "Of course not, I know this is all really awful to deal with. I wish that all you guys had on your mind was school and boys and friends. Now, you are vampires, in addition to being witches, and new to this family. But I want you to know that I am here for you, so is Keelin. We love you, Rachael. I just need you to know that, okay?" Freya said.  Rachael looked down, "You don't have to say that."  "Say what? Honey, it's true! I know I didn't carry you in my body or get to be with you for the previous 14 years, but I want to be here for you in the future. I know today didn't start off that great, but it didn't end too badly, did it?" Freya prodded.  "I guess we deserved it, we did steal booze two nights in a row. But yeah, shopping was cool," Rachael recalled.  "It was, wasn't it. I grew up without my family. It was lonely and I still get angry when I think about how I was taken and kept from them. But I feel like every time we have a good time or are together, I'm winning. That is what life is about, being together with the people you love. And Rachael, you are one of those people," Freya said emphatically.  Rachael nodded, but didn't say anything. "You don't have to say anything. Hug?" Freya asked. Rachael nodded slightly and let Freya embrace her for a moment.  "Freya?" Bonnie called still holding her toothbrush in one hand and her cell phone in the other.  "Yes, Bonnie?" Freya said letting go of Rachael.  "My dad is calling. I think he came home early!" Bonnie said her voice wavering. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Sunday, January 21, 20118:06amFreya had spoken to Bonnie's dad and assured him that Bonnie was fine and well-taken care of. He was upset and angry about her getting suspended. Freya promised to take Bonnie home early and discuss it.  After spending Saturday afternoon with Jeremy playing laser tag, Bonnie wanted to say goodbye in person. Bonnie tiptoed into the boys' quarters. She had been in here to hang out and watch tv, but she had never been in the bedroom area. Bonnie was relieved that it didn't smell like sweat or none of them were naked. She wasn't quite sure what she expected. She cracked open the door, "Jeremy."  Damn, she was going to have to go in. She found Tyler sleeping on his stomach without a shirt on, Connor face down with a pillow over his head, Erik on his back, and Matt snoring loudly like an old man...but no Jeremy. "Bonnie! Up here," Jeremy hissed.  "What the hell?" Bonnie giggled. She climbed up to the loft that she had never noticed before in the dark. Jeremy was up here, also shirtless, beside a large sketchbook. There was fur blankets and pillows that were really soft. It felt like a hidden cave up here. There were tiny strings of Christmas lights around the top of the loft to provide a soft white light. "It's easier to sketch up here," Jeremy explained.  "This is so cool, though," Bonnie said. Jeremy popped on a small overheard light that only lit up the loft area.  "I come up here to work and I feel like I have some privacy, but I'm not alone. Bon. Hey, what are you doing up here?" Jeremy smiled.  "Ah, no, not for that. I just came to say bye. My dad came home early and heard the answering machine message so...," Bonnie pursed her lips.  "So grounded forever? And I'll never see you again?" Jeremy groaned softly. They had had a great time playing laser tag yesterday and then making out in a dark corner of Fun Town.  "Pretty much," Bonnie frowned.  "Can't you tell him you already got punished? I mean, you did, didn't you?" Jeremy asked flushing.  "Yeah, Freya, um, did, you know," Bonnie laughed nervously.  "Bonnie, you don't have to be embarrassed, not in front of me. You know Erik and I got it twice. I just wish there was something I could do so you didn't get like double jeopardied," Jeremy scoffed.  "Besides having your dad compel my dad, I'm screwed. Well, Freya is going to talk to him. She might need me to help do a locator spell on Kai and the twins' evil sister Jo later today. That's a long story. But other than that, I'll be stuck at home being lectured about responsibility and,-" Bonnie said as Jeremy cut her off with a kiss.  "I think I love you, Bon," Jeremey whispered.  "Jer, your sister is my best friend," Bonnie repeated.  "My sister, who we hardly ever see anymore? Bonnie, I'm here. Elena is with her boyfriends, Stefan and Damon," Jeremy interjected.  "Jeremy, that is mean, you know Elena is with Stefan. Damon is just a friend," Bonnie said pulling away. No one criticized Elena in front of Bonnie, not even her own brother.  "I'm sorry, Bonnie. I just don't see what Elena has to do with us," Jeremy said.  "It's okay, Jeremy. I guess things have changed. You are different, I'm different and Elena is...different," Bonnie admitted, kissing him back.  "Different can be good, right?" Jeremy laughed. Bonnie agreed, "I have to go. Don't text me in case my dad takes my phone."  "Oh, good point. I'll miss you. Would it help if I explained to your dad how we pressured you into going to the cave with us?" Jeremy offered.  "No, it would not. He hates magic and thinks it is the root of all the bad crap that has happened to our family. Plus, have you met my dad? He may not be a vampire or wolf like your dad, but he was in the Marine Corps. And Jeremy, he will kill you if he even thinks you like me, just a little," Bonnie smirked.  "Semper Fi," Jeremy groaned falling back into the fur blankets.  "Yeah, well, good luck with that," Bonnie laughed at she climbed down from the loft. She did a quick spell to turn off Jeremy's lights.  "Go back to sleep," she said as she shut the door softly.  Erik laughed, "Jeremy's got a girlfriend!"  Tyler made some kissing noises into his pillow, "Oh Bonnie!" Connor laughed and turned back over to go back to sleep. Kai smiled and took out a blood bag out of his mini-fridge.  "I thought you were gonna get lucky up there for a minute," Kai added.  Erik grabbed some condoms from his bedside table, "Dad doesn't want anymore grandkids yet. Use them, Jeremy!"  Tyler growled and jumped on Erik in bed and put him in a headlock and gave him a half-nelson. "I yield, I yield," Erik yelped as Tyler then pinned him to his bed laughing.  Tyler smiled, "I used to play three varsity sports when I was a freshman, little man. And that's when I was still human. I can whup your ass in my sleep."  Erik growled and flipped Tyler over,"Oh really? Looks like you're getting weak, old man!" Connor and Kai laughed as Tyler struggled to get out of Erik's grasp. Erik let him go with a slight push. He had learned his fighting skills on the streets of Louisiana, not on some high school wrestling mat wearing tights. Tyler patted Erik on the arm to show him there were no hard feelings, but he had to admit he had a new respect for the younger hybrid. "Shut up, guys," Jeremy laughed, but he knew he would never live this down. At least Matt was still snoring loudly in his bed. He had slept through the whole thing. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, VirginiaSunday, January 21, 2011Bonnie's HouseMorningFreya had tried to reason with Bonnie's dad about lifting or lessening her grounding. He was adamant that Bonnie was his responsibility and he didn't need Freya's input.  "While I appreciate your support and taking care of Bonnie while I was away, Ms. Mikaelson, Bonnie is still my daughter and my sole responsibility. As you can see, her mother is long gone," Rudy Hopkins said looking around the modest living room. "Which is why you asked me to step in, Mr. Hopkins. I did. Bonnie was punished for her mistake skipping school. Please don't penalize her twice for the same thing. She's a good kid. She learned her lesson," Freya pleaded.  "Bonnie, get yourself ready for church! We're going to the 10am service," Rudy yelled to his daughter.  To Freya, "I know Bonnie is a good kid. And I want to keep her that way, which is why she is on restriction until further notice. Now, thank you for taking her in, but we have church services to get to, if you don't mind," Rudy said pointedly.  "Yes, sir. I won't keep you. Goodbye, Bonnie. Please know you are welcome anytime, hon," Freya said warmly. Bonnie waved from the doorway of her bedroom.  Freya figured she would give it some time and check in with Bonnie soon. She probably should have asked her to do the locator spell for Jo this morning, but Freya did not want to irritate or push Bonnie's dad too far. He was right that Bonnie was his daughter, but Freya wanted him to know that they cared about Bonnie, too. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^As soon as she got back in her car, Freya's cell phone rang. It was Niklaus.  "Brother," Freya said opening the car door.  "Sister, are you almost home? The architects are coming back to discuss the new changes. I want you here," Klaus informed her.  "Thanks, Niklaus. I'm just leaving Bonnie's. Boy, is her dad bullheaded. Are the kids up?" Freya asked.  "Not yet. Elijah's starting breakfast. Oh, Kai and Kol are taking out the dog," Klaus reported.  "Brother, I wanted to thank you for not interfering last night about Kai. I know you probably would have been a little firmer with him, but he did exactly what I would have done for all of you...if you were locked in a prison world," Freya admitted.  "Thank you, Freya. I probably would have reacted differently, but not because I don't see where he was coming from, or you," Klaus went into Freya's old bedroom for privacy from the kitchen and continued, "But because a young vampire doesn't think straight. Kai is very smart, his mind is analytical. But a baby vamp thinks with emotions, not their brains. He needs to learn to balance the two."  Freya cut in, "Oh Niklaus, I thought I was doing him a favor by going easy on him, but I'm not sure I understand the vampire side of him."  "Yes, perhaps. So last night, he fell into the impulses to just go with a family of Heretics who recently kidnapped him. Those aren't the actions of a smart boy, but an impulsive baby vamp who needs taught that that sort of behavior results in consequences. I know he is strong, but he can also learn to control himself enough...if not, we're here to help, Sister," Klaus shared.  "Oh Niklaus, when you put it that way, I do feel like I made a big mistake with him. He's just been through so much...," Freya lapsed.  "I know, dear Sister. It's over now. Move on. But know that he's probably going to continue to do some impulsive things. He's constantly fighting the urge to feed and feeling everything so intensely. Kai is going to need a firm hand. It's very rare that someone is as controlled as Vanessa when turned. But she was a tad older and had a more reserved personality, in a sense. Just be prepared for more bumps in the road. You're doing fine," Klaus closed.  "Ah, I'm not, but thanks for saying that. Hey, why don't we all meet up at the Mystic Falls heritage festival later. I do want to do something with Rebekah and Marcel before they leave," Freya suggested. She was driving past town square and there was a big sign announcing the festival this afternoon. "That sounds like a plan. Hurry up and get here, luv. The architects are here. We'll wait for you. Elijah is serving some of them your muffins as we speak," Klaus smiled as they hung up.  Freya knew Klaus hated her healthy muffins, but was too polite to say so. He was always trying to pawn them off on other people so he didn't have to pretend to eat them. Freya was laughing to herself as the sound died in her throat. Was that Jo? The twin? Freya slowed down.  "Josette? Jo Parker?" Freya said rolling down the window.  "Yeah? What do you want? Who are you?" the disheveled teen snapped.  "I'm Freya. Freya Mikaelson. I think I can help. Get in," Freya said pushing open the door to the SUV. "Ah good, because those Heretics are trying to kill me," Jo said getting in and tossing her backpack in the backseat. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Lily's HouseValerie cringed as Lily slammed open the door.  "What happened?" Lily snapped.  "I did the locator spell like you asked. Then, Nora, Beau, and I went to get the Gemini witch. But she's strong. She escaped. I'm sorry, Mother," Valerie sniffed.  Lily slammed her hand down on the kitchen table. "Why didn't you take Mary Louise, too, like I instructed you, Daughter?"  Valerie colored,"Sorry, Mother. We didn't think she need come. She and Nora are arguing and we...didn't tell her."  "Didn't tell her! You can go to your room. I can't look upon you right now, disobedient girl," Lily yelled.  "Mother, please, don't be angry. Give us another chance. We'll just grab her quicker this time. You said you didn't want her hurt, we might have to hurt her,-" Valerie said until she felt Lily's small hand crack across her cheek. The area immediately turned pink and Valeria looked at Lily in shock. She hadn't slapped her in a long time. "I said go to your room!" Lily repeated raising her hand to strike Valerie a second time.  Valerie held her stinging cheek and hurried out of the room in tears. It was only then that Lily noticed Mary Louise sitting on the porch outside by herself.  "Darling, come in, it's cold out there," Lily said sweetly.  "Yes, Mother," Mary Louise replied. She had wrapped herself in a woolen shawl, but it was colder than she thought it was out here. "So the other children have been excluding you? What's going on?" Lily said with sympathy.  "Nora says that I can't learn this new world. I'm not adapting or some such nonsense. They don't like me anymore, Mother. I do no know what else I can do," Mary Louise said breaking into tears. Her medium length blond hair hung in her face and her green eyes flashed with anger a moment when she thought about how she had failed Nora, her Nora.  "This is nonsense. Valerie and Nora are very close to getting a good spanking if they don't start behaving themselves and listening to my orders. I don't know where they come up with this foolishness. I'm sure you didn't do a thing. You go upstairs and take a little nap and I'll be up soon to speak to the three of you," Lily demanded.  Mary Louise smiled, "Yes, Mother. Thank you." Mother always knew the right things to say. She would set Nora straight and punish Valerie for trying to take Nora away from her.  Beau came in silently and made himself and Lily some tea. She held his hand as they drank and spoke to Beau softly of how nice things would be when Julian was back with them. Lily missed Beau's beautiful singing voice, but the Huntress had stolen that when she had cut his throat in London with her sword, severing his voice cords. To go from an opera singer to a mute was a cruel ironic twist of fate that pained everyone who loved Beau. "Someday, Beau, we're going to find and kill Rayna Cruz for what she did to you and Julian," Lily promised, patting his hand and getting up. "She's the real monster..."  Beau smiled and nodded, he unconsciously rubbed his X scar on his throat. It marked him for the Huntress, but no one had heard from her in a long time. Hopefully, she was already dead. They hoped. If the huntress knew they were out, she would be on their trail again. Could she hunt them without her trusty sword? Lily wasn't sure, but she believed that Julian was in the jewel on the hilt of the sword, trapped. "Once we get into that prison world, we'll get that sword and get Julian freed-somehow. When Rayna Cruz comes for us, we'll have an army.  And the Mikaelsons will have no choice but to fight with us, if they want their little siphon vamps' siblings to survive," Lily told Beau. He just nodded in agreement. Why couldn't the girls be more like Beau? He was so easy. Lily's eyes teared up as she thought of the late Malcolm and Oliver. Oliver, she had written off years ago, but Malcolm. He had been her first vampire child. She sniffed and stiffened her back. No time now to be maudlin. She had other children now who needed correcting, maybe if she had been firmer with the boys, they would still be here with the rest of the family? Lily headed upstairs to have a chat with the girls. She hoped by the end, they would be a little more cooperative and better at finding Jo. Jo, the one who had killed her boys in New Orleans, there was an irony to that. But right now, Lily needed the girl alive and she needed the ascendent. Without it, Julian would be lost to them forever.  After, Lily would have her revenge for her lost children. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionElijah was busy with the architects, but Klaus and Marcel came out to the garage to meet Freya.  "Josette?" Klaus said politely. He saw a beautiful young woman before him with long black hair and piercing blue eyes. She was 5'10" and had a slim, but athletic build. "Oh yeah, I remember you when my parents killed themselves. Nice pile of bricks you got here. Rent controlled?" Jo cracked looking around at the garage of the mansion. Every part of this house was impressive. She had been camping in bus terminals and bathing in gas stations. Jo could really use a shower. "We're very sorry about your parents and everything that transpired. Josette, do you have the ascendent? The one the Heretics want?" Klaus asked.  "Yeah, I do, but it's hidden away. Kill me and you'll never find it or the younger kids...or that old vampire dude," Jo snarled.  "Josette, like I said, we are on your side. We need to find out who this Julian fellow is before you release anyone from the ascendent, okay? Now, would you like to come in?" Klaus offered.  "Yeah, but my name is Jo now. Lily probably wanted to drain me for killing her freakish Heretic body guards at the safe house. I didn't know they would actually die. Maybe I should just leave. I'm not sure this is a good idea," Jo admitted with big eyes.  "Hon, we all know that you have no where to go? I know you must have tried to cloak yourself, but a more powerful set of witches, like the Heretics would find you. Please, give us a chance to help. Would you like to clean up a little before you see Kai and the twins?" Freya asked.  "Do I stink? Yeah, I do, don't I? Yes, I'd like to take a shower please," Jo said politely. Freya nodded and led her to the kitchen.  "Let's get you some food and you can take a shower in this bedroom," Freya directed. She got Jo a tray of food with a couple of water bottles and took it into her old bedroom and set it on the table.  "Here, Jo. Please, sit and get something in your stomach.  You're safe now. As long as you are in this house, Lily and her children can't get to you. We cannot protect you out there," Freya said indicating the outside.  Jo looked around wide-eyed. She dug into the food and then went to bathe. Freya found her some clothes leftover in the drawers. Freya put the clothes on the bed and went to talk to her kids. She had a feeling that their sister's arrival was going to bring up a lot of buried feelings.  A half hour later, Freya reunited Dana, Rachael, and Kai with their sister Jo. Freya didn't want it to be a surprise, but it was still a shock for all involved.  Freya brought in Jo to the Great Room as the other three sat near the fire place. "I'll leave you to talk. I'll be right in the kitchen," Freya said nervously.  Dana and Rachael barely recognized Jo.  "You're prettier than I remember," Dana blurted. The sister she remembered was pimple-faced with stringy hair and gawky. Even in the simple jeans and shirt Freya found for her, Jo's natural beauty shown through.  "Yeah, well, so are you two," Jo replied softly as her eyes settled on her twin.  Kai looked at Jo with fear. For years she had taunted him and left him to rot in that room.  "Jo, how nice of you to visit. Do Mom and Dad know you're here? Oh wait, they committed suicide to try to stop your evil plans! Did you come here to try to kill me?" Kai mocked.  "No, Kai. I don't have anywhere to go. About before, I didn't want to leave you in the room. But what was I to do? If people knew, when people knew, they tried to have you killed. That wasn't my fault," Jo concluded.  "No, it wasn't. But the shitty way you treated me for years, was that your fault?" Kai spat.  Jo didn't have the words.  "You're right. I was awful. I thought the hype was real. I was the leader, I was the chosen one. Kai, I know now that I was the default. They thought you would have been the better leader until they found out what you were," Jo admitted.  "And what are we Jo! Say it! Abominations, that's what you think. You know, we're not just siphons anymore, we're immortals. We can tear that pretty head off your fucking smug shoulders," Rachael growled.  Dana restrained her, "Dana, no. We're better than that. The other Geminis are dead. The coven in gone. Mom and Dad are dead. But we are all here for one reason, the younger kids. They are locked in some prison world. I want them out of there. Yesterday!"  Kai nodded, "Me, too. That's no way to grow up for anyone. We need to get them out as soon as we can. Jo, we're willing to put aside old wounds until we get the kids out, then..." Kai couldn't say it.  "Then, we never want to see your traitorous face so long as we all live," Rachael confirmed.  Jo was more upset by that than she wanted to let on. She had nothing, she had no one. The Heretics were trying to kill her. She didn't know what would happen when she was 22, now that Kai was a vampire. They could no longer merge. "I get it. Let's just get the kids back. Then, you'll never see us again. I'm sure you can afford to set us up with some cash to take care of them. Kai, we'll be 18 in about a year. And you'll never see Josette "Jo" Laughlin again," Jo vowed.  "Where did you get Laughlin?" Rachael scoffed.  "Fake id. You can't really go on the run using your real name, duh!" Jo replied rudely.  "What do you mean 'we'? Why do you think we'd let you take the kids with you?" Kai asked.  Jo looked at them in surprise, "You know even know them anymore. It's been years. They won't know you. They think you are all...dead."  "Dead? Well, bitch, we're gonna live forever, but your ass will be dead if those Heretics find you!" Rachael threatened.  "Rachael, get in here!" Freya said stalking to the entrance of the great room.  "What? It's true!" Rachael sassed.  Freya put her hands on her hips and waited. Rachael got up and joined Freya in the kitchen.  "Rachael, I know this is upsetting, but you must be civil," Freya reminded her.  "That bitch thinks she's taking all the kids with her!" Rachael hissed.  "That's strike two for language, young lady. We will discuss this with your sister rationally. Now, the next time I have to remind you, I'm doing it with the wooden spoon. Got it?" Freya pressed.  "Yeah," Rachael grumped.  "Try again, please," Freya said politely.  "Yes, I understand!" Rachael shot back.  Dana came in leading Kai and Jo.  "I think we're done here," Dana shared.  Freya nodded, "Rachael said that you want to take the children, Jo. Aren't you a little young to try to raise four young children?" Jo agreed,"Yes, but our home is in Portland. Everyone we know...,but I guess they are all dead now."  Freya got up and took Jo's hands, "Jo, we'll find good homes for them. If we can't, we will keep them here ourselves. Do not worry, we will do right by them and you.  But at 17, I don't think there is a judge in the country who would give you custody."  Jo nodded sadly, "I never even really babysat them. I wouldn't know what to do. I guess it was silly, but I won't leave them to rot in that prison world. If that vampire guy gets out, they could be in danger." Kai added, "You can't die in a prison world. Believe me, I tried to commit suicide multiple times. It's impossible."  "You did?" Rachael asked in alarm. "Why?"  "I thought you all wanted me gone. I had nothing to live for and then I discovered a library of medical books and threw myself into studying. It kept me going," Kai remarked.  "But is the vampire free or trapped in some relic?" Freya pressed.  "As far as I know, he's in some sword. The sword of a huntress, maybe?" Jo speculated. "That's all I really remember."  Klaus came out, "Dinner's ready. Come on, Jo. You can meet the rest of the family. It's Italian night. My brother has outdone himself." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Rebecca and Marcel's Quarters20 minutes before dinnerRebekah was feeling glum. She had never had Italian food without red wine. She had said to Marcel that she could have a little, but he reminded her that they had all promised to abstain.  "This is ridiculous, Marcel. The girls misbehave and we have to get punished. Elijah is just being silly," Rebekah fumed. She was sitting at her makeup table brushing her long, blond hair. She stared at herself in the mirror. She had been looking at the same face for 1000 years and sometimes she wondered if she would have aged well.  "Rebekah, don't push it. He has the magical hairbrush back. The thing will make you change your tune about disobeying him, I mean it. Just drink water, or blood," Marcel begged.  "Fine, but I don't have to be bloody happy about it!" Rebekah snapped.  "No, you don't. Do you know you are even more beautiful when you are angry?" Marcel said as he kissed her neck. As he bent, he met her eyes in the mirror, they pleaded with her to settle down. "Marcel, don't try to calm me down. I'm just working myself into a tizzy," Rebekah admitted.  "I know. I also know how these tizzies, as you say, usually end! With one Mikaelson or anyone over someone's damn knee. Just don't get me sucked into it. Elijah was with the architects almost all day and then busted his butt to get dinner ready. The man is gonna be tense. Plus, Vanessa is snapping his head off over the wine, too," Marcel said putting on his dinner jacket and flashing his cuffs. Although times were different now, Marcel often kept the Originals' habit of dressing formally for dinner.  Rebekah turned, "Where's the new silk scarf I just bought you? You're not going to let my brother Kol out style you at dinner, right?" Rebekah flashed him a grin. She knew just what to say to him. Marcel put on the scarf and smiled. He offered Rebekah the crook of his arm, they were ready. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Lily's HouseValerie had assumed that Lily had sent her to her room for a spanking, but she always hoped that she could talk the older vampire out of it. Lily walked briskly through the open door and snapped, "Get out the chair. You're getting a good spanking."  Valerie's stomach dropped and she moaned in fear.  "No, Mother. Nora and I will behave, you don't have to do this. Please," Valeria pleaded as she scrambled back on her bed. She knew if Lily had to grab her and position her, she would call for Beau to hold her firmly over her lap as she bared her bottom.  Lily ignored Valerie's pleas, set down the brush on the make up table and ordered, "Take off your dress and your petticoats. Hurry now. I have other things to do beside paddle disobedient girls."  Lily left and came back a moment later with a trembling Nora. Nora's dark hair was pinned up and she had on a dark skirt with a white blouse.   Valerie was unbuttoning her blouse and slipping off her skirt. Wasn't Lily going to shut the door? Valerie didn't dare question Lily and continued to strip as did Nora.  It was only when both Valerie and Nora were both down to their corset tops and lacy bloomers that went down to their knees that they realized what Lily had in mind for them.  "Since you have been bullying Mary Louise, she is going to help with your punishments," Lily explained. Lily didn't believe in coddling her daughters much. Malcolm had been the one she dotted on and spoiled with affection.  "No, Mother. We were not mean, please do not let her watch," Nora gasped. She and Mary Louis had been lovers for many years. Nora could not take the shame of getting a licking in front of her girlfriend like this.  "No, she is not going to watch, darlings. She is going to help me spank you so you really learn your lesson," Lily said with confidence.  Valerie was really scared now, "No, we did not do anything to her!"  Mary Louise appeared and she was holding a stout switch cut from the back garden.  "Thank you, Mary Louise, that looks like a fine switch. Now, let us get started," Lily demanded. She placed a straight backed chair near the bed so she could rest the upper body of each daughter on the bed while her bottom was over Lily's lap and her legs could kick free.  "Nora, you are first. Come quickly," Lily said in a voice that brooked no nonsense. She put Nora over her lap and began to spank her hard over the seat of her white cotton bloomers as both Valerie and Nora watched. Lily was an experienced spanker and swatted hard and fast as Nora's behind turned red even under the thin cotton under garment. Nora clenched the bed covers in order not to reach back, but could not stop from kicking and fussing. After several minutes of hand spanking, Lily peeled down the bloomers and held out her hand for the hair brush which Mary Louis trotted over and put in her hand. It was heavy and square. "I am not going to waste time talking. But if you every disobey me or treat your sister Mary Louise with such cruelty again, I will spank you like this every day for a week," Lily promised. She lifted the brush high and Nora screamed out in agony. Lily held Nora down with her left arm, but the fierce burn made it impossible to stay still. Soon she needed Nora's arms' held by Mary Louise so she couldn't reach back. Then, her legs held by Valerie so her feet didn't protect her bottom. Lily bounced the brush up and down until Nora was hoarse from wailing. Immediately after, Lily stopped and positioned Nora over the bed with her battered behind on display.  Lily told Mary Louise, "If she moves, give her a switching."  Lily then moved the chair away from the bed and jack knifed Valerie over her lap."I warned you that you were going to be put over my knee soon if you did not watch yourself, Miss!" Lily scolded.  Lily's hand must have been sore because she spanked her lightly with her hand over her bloomers for only thirty swats. Then, Valerie felt the hard brush whacking her bottom over the thin cotton undergarments over and over for several more minutes. Valeria's behind bloomed in pain as if a fire had been set on it. But Lily continued spanking all over with the brush. As Valerie's hands were on the ground, she couldn't protect her bottom with her hands. Her legs were also braced again the ground. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Valerie's own cries sounded loud in the small bedroom. She then heard the popping sound of the brush striking her covering seat. Finally, Lily yanked down her lacy bloomers and began paddling her bright red bare behind. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Valerie was crying too hard to protest. Valerie bucked and tried to lift up as much as possible. Finally, it was over. Lily snapped, "Nora, I told you to stay put. Mary Louise, she needs a whipping. Hold her down."  Valeries heard a thwarpppp sound and then heard Nora getting a whipping. By the sound of Nora's cries, Mary Louis was swinging the switch hard. Valeria felt Lily push her up and then over the bed.  "I suppose you need a whipping, too?" Lily said matter-of-factly.  "No! I don't even know what I did!" Valerie wailed. She knew they had failed to get the girl for Lily, but what had Mary Louise lied about? Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! It was now Valerie's turn to scream as she got switched over her paddled bottom. Each lick of the switch left a red welt mark over the already botchy, red skin.  "I am going to let you figure out your misbehaviors. If I come back and you do not know why I spanked you, you are getting another hard spanking. The both of you. Now get in bed and think about your misdeed," Lily ordered after stripping both girls of their bloomers. Crack! Crack. She gave the both a hard swat across their cheeks that cause both girls to erupt in fresh sobs.  "Come on, Mary Louise. Let's let them think. Leave the door open so Beau can see their spanked behinds, if he wishes," Lily said briskly.  Valerie and Nora clutched each other as they wept softly. Their bottoms were just too sore to rub, even with their healing. Lily hadn't even given them blood today so they were not healing fast at all. The girls were afraid to talk as often Lily would hear and come back in the room to administer another swift series of swats. Surely, Lily wouldn't give them another spanking when she returned. Both girls cried until their pillows were wet and they finally fell asleep. DinnerJo was amazed, "You all live here?"  Rachael rolled her eyes, "Yeah, it's like our house. Jealous, much?" Davina eyed the two sisters, "Um, I kind of live in New Orleans. We go back and forth."  "And you're a French Quarter witch?" Jo asked as she took the salad and put some on her plate.  "Not anymore. We're all actually Bennett witches now. We have our own coven here," Davina answered as she took some garlic bread and offered Jo a piece.  Rachael smirked and whispered to Dana, "She doesn't even know to pass to the right." Dana hissed back at Rachael, "Stop it. It's pass to the left anyway! You have no manners either. You are going to get a third strike. Just shut up."  "Third strike?" Jo asked, "What does that mean?"  Erik was on the other side of Jo, "It just means y'all gonna get in trouble is all." Erik smiled at Jo. She sure was pretty.  Jeremy groaned, "Erik, the detentions!"  Erik's eyes widened, "Crap! We're dead."  Tyler laughed, "What did you two do now?"  Erik shook his head and colored. Erik glanced at Klaus, he was talking to Penny and Vanessa at the other end of the table.  Jeremy whispered, "We both got detentions for being tardy on Friday for tomorrow. We need to get them signed. But we forgot to tell Dad."  "Both of you?" Matt laughed taking a big helping of spaghetti and then dumping half the bowl of parmesan on it.  "What is that?" Jo asked in confusion.  "Parmesan cheese," Dana answered quickly before Rachael could say something rude.  "Don't you guys have like the stuff in the green bottle? Everything here is so fancy," Jo admitted.  Connor said, "Yeah, we weren't used to all this either. Erik and I here basically grew up in Motel 8s and then living with relatives, then we end up in this mansion. Go figure."  "Your accents are really cute," Jo giggled. Erik flushed and Connor smiled.  Rachael scowled, "Don't try it, Jo. There are like our cousins."  Kai had been trying to eat in silence, "Rachael, just drop it. Okay?"  Before Rachael could freak out, Matt decided to go back to the original topic, "So you both got detentions?" Suddenly, the whole table when silent.  Erik and Jeremy glared at Matt, who was eating happily oblivious to their stares.  "What's this now?" Klaus asked.  Jeremy cleared his throat, "Ah Dad, Erik and I got in trouble for being tardy on Friday. We forgot to give you the paper."  Klaus raised his eyebrows, "I see."  "We got detention tomorrow. No big deal," Erik laughed nervously. He pushed his shoulder length blond hair behind his ear and shifted.  "And how were you planning to get home?" Klaus pressed.  "Um, can someone pick us up? Or we can ask Uncle Ric?" Jeremy asked.  "We can discuss this later," Klaus said ominously.  "But Dad, we just forgot. Like Erik said, it's no big deal!" Jeremy argued.  "I asked you if anything happened at school when you got home Friday. You both said nothing," Klaus said evenly.  "Because it wasn't any big deal!" Erik snapped.  Connor growled, "Watch your tone, Erik. You're outta line!"  Klaus repeated, "I said we will discuss it later."   There was silence until Finn knocked over his drink into Henrik's dinner plate.  Kol mused, "My, we notice a lot more about the lads when we are totally sober, don't we?" Kol said casting a gaze over at Jeremy and Erik.  "Not now, Kol," Klaus growled.  "What? Truth hurts. Rebekah, how are you doing with this whole temperance thing? Remember how much you loved those Woman's Christian Temperance meetings? They had all those fun guest speakers...," Kol rambled.  Rebekah kicked Kol under the table, "Kol, you know I despised those!"  "Oh, aye. I supposed I forgot about that. Excellent meal, Elijah. Too bad we didn't have a pinot gris to go with!" Kol lamented.  "Kol, what are you up to?" Marcel inquired.  "Lovely scarf, Marcellus! A gift? I bet it was from my sister. Looks expensive. Elijah, I have the figures for the construction project right here," Kol took out a piece of paper and handed it to his eldest brother.  Elijah took it and frowned. "Thank you, Kol. You know, perhaps a bottle of red wouldn't be such a bad idea."  Rebekah exhaled loudly, "Oh thank bloody God. I was dying." She popped up and went to get a bottle and Vanessa got some glassed.  Kol leaned over and whispered, "I think I just won the bet!"  Freya overheard and asked, "And what bet are you talking about, baby Brother? Do tell!" Kol paled and looked at Klaus for help. Klaus just shrugged.  "Ah, little friendly wager over if Bex would break? If aye, Nik would do my chores, nay, vice versa. I just ah, won," Kol stammered.  "How about after Niklaus had his discussion with the boys, I have a little discussion with the two of you about silly bets?" Freya asked sternly. If the adults around here were as immature as the children, that was pretty bad.  "Freya, wine?" Vanessa asked smiling. She was glad Elijah's silliness was over. It wasn't prohibition anymore. After all, that had led to the growth of more bootlegging and organized crime than the country had ever seen.  "Yes, of course. I've worked up quite a thirst sitting in between these two!" Freya quipped. Keelin got called into work, but that didn't mean she still couldn't have some fun.  "Kol, what's wrong? Are you feeling poorly?" Elijah asked. "I hope I am not overworking you with this construction project. I know we are kind of rushing things." Kol sat up straighter. "No, Brother. I am fine. I was just thinking of something I have to do tonight is all." 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, VirginiaSunday, January 21, 2011Lily's HouseBeau grabbed the cold cream from the hall cupboard and showed it to Lily for approval. He hated it when she punished his sisters so harshly and she knew it.Lily smiled and nodded, "Beau, you are the best of us. Yes, if you must, go comfort those errant sisters of yours. But know if they do not shape up, I will not hesitate to tan their hides' again tonight. I am sorry, dear heart, I know it upsets you...go to them."  Lily picked up her handbag and found Mary Louis doing needlepoint in the parlor, or family room, whatever they called it now.  "Dear, I'm going out for a bit. Beau is going to see to your sisters. I may have been a little hard on them, but we are all we have now. When I come back, we'll all have a talk and work everything out. Do not fret," Lily said as she kissed Mary Louise on the top of the head.  "Do you need help, Mother?" Mary Louise asked hopefully.  "No, Mary Louise, just behave while I am gone and keep an eye on things. Keep the doors locked and the boundary spells up," Lily finished.  "Yes, ma'am. I will," Mary Louise smiled demurely. She wondered what Beau was up to. Surely, Nora could not still be angry with her, Mary Louise thought. Beau smiled shyly and sprung into Valerie's bedroom. Both she and Nora were still bared and flung facedown on the bed. Beau walked over to Valerie first and gently shook her. "Oh Beau, Mother is so angry at us, isn't she?" Valerie cried. Beau put a hand on her head and showed her the cream.  "For my bum? It stings so mightily," Valerie murmured turning her reddened behind to the gentle mute man. She threw back her right hand to rub, but found her flesh too tender to even touch.  Beau began to rub in the cold cream carefully, but with deft, practiced hands. He was sad that he had had to do this so many times in the past. But they knew that Lily did not tolerate misbehavior well, or at all really.  "Thank you, Beau. That is better," Valerie breathed. "I really need some blood, too. But I would not ask that of you."  Beau cast a quick glance out the door of the bedroom. Valerie's behind was still pink and had some welts where the switch had struck her. He would love to heal her. Lily had never whipped Beau or even threatened to punish him, but Beau knew she would, if she caught him feeding Valerie his blood.  After coating Valerie's rear with a generous coat of the scented cold cream, he did the same to Nora. She was also grateful and wept quietly in appreciation. He pressed a kiss to her dark-haired head as Mary Louise lingered near the door anxiously. "Did Mother give you permission Beau? Because, you know, you can get a whipping someday, too!" Mary Louise taunted.  Valerie sat up on her sore bottom and snapped, "You are just jealous because he is touching Nora when you never will again. Now get, you little snake, before I throw you out the window." Valerie pulled her bloomers back on her chafed behind and bit her lip to avoid gasping as the cotton touched her skin.  Mary Louise stomped her foot in anger, "You're the one who is green with envy, trying to take my Nora. If Mother were here and would have heard you, she would put you right back over her knee for your petty threats against me. That's why you got it in the first place."  "Is that it?" Nora asked archly. "And where is Mother now?"  "She had errands. Not that it is any of your business. She said you two were to behave and apologize while she was gone or she was going to spank you even harder when she got home!" Mary Louise fibbed.  "That is a damn lie, Mary Louise," Nora said, now getting dressed herself.  Mary Louise flushed. Beau was glaring at her, he knew she was lying, too.  "Fine, it was a little fib, but I do not want us to fight. I just do not want you both to be mean to me," Mary Louise whined.  Valerie huffed, "Mean to you? You took a switch to us because you lied to Mother about us? You little brat, you outta get your bottom heated up, not us."  Mary Louise looked at all three of her siblings in alarm, she was out-numbered. "I am sorry. I was feeling left out and jealous. Thank you for covering for me. I did not know she would spank you or make me cut that switch," Mary Louis confessed.  "We covered for you. Valerie said we left you at home, not that you refused to come because you did not want to! And for doing you a favor, we get a red arse and maybe another licking tonight? I am disgusted by you, Mary Louise, we are finished," Nora insisted.  "No, Nora. I am so sorry. Please, do not be angry with me. I did not know what she would do. Beau, Valerie, forgive me!" Mary Louise begged.  "Then, you know what you need do, go get the hair brush. Now," Nora demanded.  Valeria's eyes got big, she knew that Nora had swatted Mary Louise a few times to settle her down when she was having a tantrum, but this? "Come on, Beau, let's go to the parlor," Valerie said.  "No, you need to stay and watch. Maybe give Mary Louise a few hearty licks yourself. She needs to learn a lesson, Valerie," Nora said sternly.  Mary Louise came back with the hair brush and handed it to her furious paramour. "Strip down before I have the others do it for you," Nora ordered.  Mary Louise hung her blond head in shame and began to take off her dress. She stripped to her corset and thin cotton bloomers. "Bloomers down. Yes, that is more like it. That white bottom is going to be quite red in a few moments," Nora promised as she dragged a simpering Mary Louis by the upper arm.  "You will have time enough for tears when you are over my knee," Nora continued as she sat on her own still warm behind on the bed and pulled her girlfriend over her lap. She took a moment to admire the view. Mary Louis still wore her top corset and her stockings and boots, but was bare below the waist. But, she must focus and attend to the business at hand, Nora reminded herself firmly. Valerie came around and sat to Nora's left to hold Mary Louise's hands.  "You know you are getting a spanking for lying about us and causing us to get it for protecting you, right?" Valerie inquired. Mary Louise was already sobbing and kicking though she hadn't even been swatted. Nora tried to cover her chuckling at her partner's theatrics, but that was Mary Louise.  "Yessss, Valerrrie. I made a m-mistake. Now you all h-hate m-me f-forever," Mary Louise fussed. Spank! Spank! "We do not hate you, my love. Stop your silliness," Nora scolded smacking the white behind in front of her firmly again. "Ahhhhh!" Mary Louise wailed.  Valerie asked Beau to guard the door downstairs in case Lily arrived home early, she wasn't sure they would hear over Mary Louise's wails. "I am going to spank you harder than you got it for eating sweets before supper last month, little Miss Liar!" Nora admonished.  Valerie snickered at the memory of Mary Louise having to stand in the corner with her red backside on display as the rest of the family ate. Lily had asked her if she ate a cake before supper and caught Mary Louise in a lie. The whole family knew what a sweet tooth she had. Even as she fibbed, there was a daub of icing on her mouth. Nora continued to spank Mary Louise hard with her hand all over her behind, and from time to time on the top of the thighs. When Nora felt that Mary Louise's buttocks were a solid pink, she picked up Lily's heavy brush. No one ever forgot a paddling with that thing. Even though Mary Louise should be healing, the brush would smart fiercely.  Pop! Pop! "S-sorrrry, I only ate oneeee cake," Mary Louise cried as she jerked from the impact of the brush cracking down on the center of each cheek. Nora and Valerie looked at each other. Was Mary Louise losing it?  Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Valerie had to grip Mary Louise harder than ever just to keep her over Nora's lap, but she couldn't stop her kicking or twisting.  "It h-hurtssss," Mary Louise shrieked.  "Yes, we know. You are getting paddled now for lying about Valerie and me and pretending like we did not ask you to get the Gemini witch with us...," Nora clarified.  "You ought to get the switch like we did, but we are not cruel like that," Valerie informed the hysterical heretic. Pop! Pop!"Noooo! I am sorry. I love you, Norrra. So much. I love you, too, V-Valeria, p-please," Mary Louise wept. Pop! Pop!Nora was still paddling her lover firmly, but slowly. Her behind was swollen and had white splotches were it looked like bruises were trying to form. Valerie stayed Nora's hand as she thought she had had enough. Nora had tears in her eyes. She put the brush down and rubbed Mary Louise's sore posterior that she had just whacked a moment before softly.  "We love you, too, Mary Louise. You have no need to be jealous. You know that there is nothing between Val and me, right, love?" Nora said tenderly.  "Really?" Mary Louise choked out trying to twist to look at her. Nora lifting her up.  "Of course not," Nora cooed, "Why would you think such a thing?" Mary Louise looked at Valerie for confirmation.  "Yes, Nora only has eyes for you," Valerie confirmed. "And I love someone, too. Someone very special."  Valerie hugged Mary Louise and got a handkerchief and gave it Nora for her to wipe off Mary Louis' wet face. Valerie slipped on a robe and tied it tightly. She took the hair brush and thought she would replace it in Lily's room and give the couple a moment to make up in private in her room. Valerie put the heavy brush back on Lily's dresser where she kept it out in plain view. On dresser next to a framed picture of Lily and all of her vampire children taken before 1903, was a bible. Lily often seemed to be reading the bible and Valerie picked it up and opened it. Something slipped to the floor. Valeria picked it up. It was a modern picture of two boys: one dark and handsome and one blond and good looking.  Damon and Stefan. On the back was an address for the Salvatore Boarding House. Valerie heard the front door open downstairs and quickly put the paper back in the bible and trotted out of the room.  By the time Lily got back upstairs, the three girls were dressed.  "Hello, dears, I hope you had time to make up I trust?" Lily pressed.  "Yes, Mother. We're sorry that you had to punish us," Nora said in a hushed tone.  "Why did I have to punish you girls?" Lily inquired softly.  "We were naughty and did not include Mary Louise as you directed. Therefore, our plan for getting the Gemini girl failed. Forgive us, Mother, it won't happen again," Valerie added playing along.  Lily was still not satisfied, "Mary Louise, did they apologize? I will not have this happen again, do you hear?"  "Yes, they did, Mother. I forgive all. It was a misunderstanding. Please, may we move on?" Mary Louise asked sweetly.  "Yes, if you are sure. Come on, girls. We have chores to do. Now, I will not spank you again but if there is any more trouble, I will. You can have a little blood now before you help me put on supper. I will tell you my plans to get Julian out of that hideous prison world where he is trapped," Lily said evenly.  The three girls exchanged small smiles. It wasn't often that they fooled their Mother so easily. But before they got downstairs, Lily announced, "And Mary Louise, the next time you lie to me, I won't just let Nora spank you, I'll dose you with castor oil for a week and then let Nora spank you after each dose. Do not look so surprised. A mother always knows when her children are lying," Lily quipped.  "But you paddled us! And let her switch us!" Valerie sputtered.  "No, dear, you did that when you chose to lie and cover for her. Lying always gets you a good spanking around here. I warned you of that day one," Lily chided.  Nora flushed, "Yes, Mother. It will not happen again."  When they got down to the bottom of the stairs, Beau was sitting in the parlor reading peacefully. How much did he know? They might never know. That was one benefit to not speaking, if he could not speak, he could not lie. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionAfter DinnerCami was staying at her condo tonight, so Klaus had been planning to watch a movie with the kids after dinner. Elijah had changed Sundays to an everyone clean night, so Klaus pulled Jeremy and Erik into Elijah's office to talk to them. They had gone in their backpacks and gotten the detention slips for him to sign. Klaus crossed his arms and leaned against his brother's big desk."Have a seat, boys. What would have happened if you didn't get these signed?" Klaus asked. Both boys perched nervously in the leather chairs that faced the desk.   "I guess they call you and we'd get another one, or...," Jeremy drifted off.  "Or what, Son?" Klaus pressed.  "I think suspended. I'm not sure," Jeremy admitted.  Klaus read the description of the tardies.  "It says here that you were both late for your class after lunch four times. Were there more times than this?" Klaus pressed.  Erik felt his neck grow hot, but he had to admit the truth, "Yes, Dad."  "Tell me why, boys," Klaus insisted.  "We were socializing and screwing around mostly. I tried to run and make it to class faster, but then I got yelled at for that," Jeremy confessed.  "You know I expect you to behave properly at school. I have also asked that you are honest with me about what happened. Elijah and I laid down the law about forms and permission slips being given to us the day they come home. I really don't even worry about discipline slips, but now I am wondering if I am getting the whole picture," Klaus admitted.  "No, Dad. This is it. We shouldn't have messed around like we did. It won't happen again," Erik said solemnly.  "No, it won't. I think you should be grounded for the amount of days that you did not give me the slip to sign, so Friday, Saturday, Sunday. That's three days. In those three days, you will be helping with extra chores around the house, like Freya's greenhouse and cleaning the garage," Klaus said calmly.  "Are you taking our phones?" Jeremy asked worriedly.  "No, I don't want you to not have a way to communicate when you are at school. I'll pick you up tomorrow from your detention. I expect both of you to get all your homework done there," Klaus revealed.  "Dad, you seem mad," Erik observed.  Klaus exhaled and stood from where he was leaning. "I am a little angry with both of you. You know that I wouldn't punish you harshly for something like this, but I do expect you to do your part. Trust goes both ways," Klaus said. They were smart boys, Klaus just had a hard time believing that both of them 'just forgot' to show him the slips. It crossed his mind that he could compel the truth out of them, but he would never do that. Not unless it was life or death.  Erik looked down, he got really upset when he thought Klaus was mad at him. Jeremy looked at him in confusion. Klaus hugged Jeremy, "Let me talk to Erik alone a minute. You know I still love you, even when I'm not happy with you, right?"  "Yeah, of course. I'll go help with the dishes," Jeremy said as he left.  "Erik? You okay? Son, I promised I wouldn't lie to you. Emotions can't just be turned on and off. I get angry, too. And that's okay as long as we don't lose control and act on it," Klaus said looking down at Erik.Erik was wiping away tears. "I did forget on Friday because so much was going on, but on Saturday night I remembered real late. I didn't say nothin'. Even to Jer or anyone. I worried about it the whole day. Sorry, Dad," Erik trembled as he looked up at Klaus.   Klaus felt his anger melt away. The tears dripped down Erik's face unto his shirt.  "Come here, Son. I forgive you. Look, let's not make a bigger deal out of this than it is. You made a mistake, you got in trouble, you admitted it, let's move on...After you and Jeremy suffer through cleaning out the garage with me," Klaus smiled as he pulled Erik to him. Erik laughed a little and Klaus grabbed some tissues to help him dry his eyes.  "It sure is an awfully big garage," Erik groaned in jest.  "Aye and you boys have accumulated a lot of rubbish that we will have to muck through. It won't be pretty, by any means," Klaus confessed.  "I don't mind as long as we can do it together," Erik said earnestly. Now Klaus was the one tearing up.  "Come on, let's go help them finish up the kitchen. Then, we'll watch a movie," Klaus said hoarsely as he put his arm around his son. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Family MovieYounger KidsElijah and Vanessa took the boys and Penny upstairs to watch a kids' movie in their bedroom. The younger kids had wanted to watch the action thriller but Vanessa promised to let them eat ice cream to Elijah's chagrin.  She didn't think the action movie was appropriate and let them pick a kids' movie to watch in the bedroom. "One time as a treat won't hurt, my love," Vanessa swore.  "I just don't want to get in the habit of bribing them for every little thing. Plus, ice cream is so sticky. And-," Elijah was stopped by Vanessa kissing him. "It's okay. They are only young once. Let's let them enjoy it. You need to do the same. It's never going to be perfect. They are never going to behave perfectly or either will we, but that's life. Now, I'm going to go bring up a tray. Get the movie going. And yes, they might get ice cream all over their pajamas. It washes off. That's what kids do," Vanessa smiled. "I love you, Vanessa. And you're right. The things I worry about don't matter, what does matter is right in front of me," Elijah said kissing her back. Family MovieOlder KidsThe older kids most gathered in the great room. Rebekah and Freya snuck away and took a bottle of wine out on the patio. It was cold, but they brought blankets. Dana came out and sat with them for a little while while they all talked.  Rebekah asked, "How is it going with Jo?"  Dana grimaced, "Not great. I probably shouldn't even leave her alone with Rachael. Rachael is spoiling for a fight with her, I don't know why. I mean, Jo never did anything to her. If anyone should be pissed, it's Kai." "Language, hon," Freya reprimanded gently.  "Sorry, but it's kind of tense. Where is Jo going to sleep?" Dana pressed.  Freya thought, "She can stay in my old room or your new room. Where ever she wants."  Dana replied, "She is our sister, but it doesn't feel like it. She feels like a stranger because things are so different. There were eight of us and I guess she was always being trained in witch things."  Rebekah made a face, "Ugh, that doesn't sound fun for a young girl." Freya agreed, "No, it doesn't. Dana, please, come get me if things get bad between your sisters. We don't need more trouble." "Will do," Dana said getting up, "It's cold. I'm going in."  "Yeah, us, too," Freya agree. "I'm afraid to leave them alone."  Due to the movie playing, there wasn't a lot of talking, but Rachael was making comments about Jo to Davina. Davina laughed and Jo was getting irritated.  When Freya came back in, she asked, "Is it okay if I go to bed, it's been a long day?"  "Of course, let me help you get settled," Freya said as she cast a curious glance at Rachael and Davina. Jo said goodnight and Freya led her into the bedroom. Jo hadn't said anything, but Freya wasn't happy about the two younger witches' attitudes. Marcel and Kol had taken off to the garage to talk about cars, so Freya asked Klaus if he noticed anything.  "They just seemed to be giggling, like girls do. I don't think they were bullying Jo," Klaus insisted.  "I don't know about that. She seemed awfully upset," Freya replied.  "Sorry, Sister. I was watching the movie. I should have paid closer attention. Jo is a guest and should be treated as one," Klaus said with feeling.  "True. She is also a young girl who was put in an impossible situation. Enjoy, Brother. I'll talk to you after the movie," Freya said tiredly.  BedtimeAfter all the kids were in bed and Elijah and Vanessa, and Rebekah and Marcel retired to their quarters, Freya pointed to Klaus and Kol.  "You two can get ready for bed and meet me in Niklaus' room in say, 30 minutes? Keelin is still at work, but I have some things to take care of. It's good luck that Cami isn't here tonight, Brother," Freya said cheekily.  "For you, I suppose," Klaus retorted.  "What was that, young man?" Freya blazed.  "I mean, yes, it is," Klaus said respectfully. He was tired and not thinking clearly.  "Hmm," Freya grunted, "11pm in Niklaus's quarters. Be ready for bed."  "Yes, ma'am," Kol answered semi-facetiously.  Freya went to her own room and left Kol and Klaus standing alone in the great room.  "Um, is she going to give you a hiding, too?" Kol asked bluntly.  "What does it look like?" Klaus asked shortly.  "Like you're gonna be sporting a red arse just like me in about 45 minutes," Kol added.  "Well, she did warn everyone that the next person who engaged in childish betting was 'going over her lap for a spanking like a naughty child.' I guess I just thought I was exempt. How the hell did I let you draw me into another stupid bet?" Klaus thundered.  "So this is my fault? Look big Brother, you've been escaping punishment for the last ten centuries, maybe a dose of Freya's brush will...," Kol stopped.  "What?" Klaus said defensively. "This isn't the first time she hided you, is it?" Kol smirked.  "What? Um, yes, of course it is," Klaus stammered.  "Niklaus, have you been a bad boy? Here, you always let me think I was the only brother our big sis took in hand...tell me!" Kol begged. Klaus looked at his little brother and figured he owed it to him. He hadn't always been fair to Kol. He took a deep breath.  "Let's walk up to my room, we better get ready," Klaus said putting his arm around Kol.  Kol looked at Klaus sideways and elbowed him slightly in the ribs, "Tell me!""Remember when we accused you of biting Davina? Well, that was the first time...," Klaus blurted. Then, he winced when he realized what he just admitted.  "Wait, you mean you got it more than once? Damn, Brother, I had no idea," Kol mused.  "Please don't say anything. I'm sure I was long overdue, but I don't want the others to know," Klaus pleaded.  "Oh, of course. Niklaus, you don't have to be ashamed in front of me. You've hided me more times than I can count. You've got this," Kol assured him.  Klaus winced, "She's going to use that blasted hair brush, isn't she? The one spelled by the witch Dominque? The one recently found at the Compound. Magic, my arse. Cursed is more like it. You and Marcellus practically killed yourself over that stupid thing on the river boat, remember?" Kol laughed, "I wish I could forget. I still have nightmares about it. Did they have AA back then? Because you all probably should have thrown me in a drunk tank of some sort. Oh, that's what got us into this mess again. Drink! Or betting over it. Now, our younger sister is nice and buzzed and we're going to feel like we are siting on blazing coals. Bollocks!"  They got to Klaus' room and went in to get ready. Freya would be there shortly. 
"I'm going to take a quick shower," Klaus said. "Help yourself to my clothes in that drawer."  "I showered before dinner. These flannels look thick," Kol reasoned.  "Not thick enough, I reckon," Klaus frowned as he went to his bathroom.  When he came out, Freya was already in the room and she did have the magic hairbrush firmly in her hand. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, VirginiaSunday, January 21, 2011Night, 11:08pm"Niklaus, why don't you come here a moment. I know it's late and we all need to get to sleep, but I really feel like we should talk," Freya said heavily. Klaus had just come out of the shower. He had dressed in the bathroom in the expensive pajamas that Elijah had his tailor make everyone for Christmas. They were button down blue striped cotton and monogramed.  Kol was already sitting on the bed in Klaus's plaid flannel pajama bottoms and an old cotton t-shirt. He looked so young to Klaus, like a real teen. Klaus wondered how old he looked to his siblings. He supposed it didn't matter.  Freya smiled dimly, "I warned the whole family that anyone who engaged in anymore childish betting and silliness was going to get it. I know this has been a habit of yours for a long time. But we just dealt with the aftermath of the older kids doing it. All it leads to is trouble. Kol, you realized that you manipulated Elijah into lifting the alcohol ban because you stressed him out of the cost of the construction, right?"  Kol felt his ears burn in shame, "Aye, I just wanted to win. If I lost, I'd have to do all of Nik's chores, too. Freya, can you please speak to Elijah about getting us some housekeepers? This housework is too much!"  Klaus added, "Indeed, this house is gigantic and at times it seems like all we do is clean and do laundry and cook. It's getting to be too much."  Freya giggled, "You realized that none of us have jobs, right? I know you are used to having a bevy of servants to take care of your every whim and feed off of, but most people do these things and work!"  Klaus and Kol looked at each other a moment, before Klaus answered, "Yes, we do. But with the amount of children here, it's just too much." Freya thought a moment, "Remind me what happened to the last servants? And the ones before that? And the one before that?"  "Dead! They are all dead. But I swear I won't kill anymore of them," Kol whined.  "No, you won't because we don't need servants. I really think we need to be stricter with the children doing their chores. They don't really clean their rooms or bathrooms very well and Elijah...,well, he needs to let go of the idea that things will be done perfectly. They are learning, if they mess up, we can help them get it right," Freya insisted.  Klaus groaned, "My boys just seem to be slobs. They get toothpaste all over the counter, they don't pick up their socks, and half the time they leave the milk out on the counter. I hate nagging them constantly."  Kol nodded, "I think it's too late for them to learn. Maybe you have to start when they are younger. Do you see how they vacuum? If Sadie didn't eat half the old food on the floor, we'd have rats as big as cats in this place!"  Freya cringed, "They are not too old. For them to learn how to be on their own, they need to learn these things. For their own sake, all of us need to be on top of things. We need to figure out a schedule of chores that works and stick to it. We probably need to go through and show them exactly how to dust and clean mirrors and all that. I just assumed they knew, but they might not." "Jeremy and Erik are going to help Kol and me clean out the garage while they are grounded," Klaus added. "Erik said he didn't mind as long we all did it together."  "Ah, that's sweet. See? It doesn't have to be a battle. Another option is maybe letting them all pick what they want to do or sign up for, or having a chore wheel...Maybe make it contest? Boys vs girls? The truth is no damn maids could keep up with how fast those kids can mess up this mansion," Freya laughed.  "That is true! The kids are smart, we could present the issue to them and let them come up with solutions. They might surprise us," Kol suggested.  "I love that, Brother. Better than nagging them or yelling at them, which just pisses us all off and then I end up seeing Elijah do it anyway. And if the kids don't keep up with their end of the bargain, I can cut their allowances and use that money to hire a maid," Klaus tried.  "No maids!" Freya yelled laughing. "We can do this. Now, back to you two...Can you give me any reason why I shouldn't follow up on my threat to spank anyone who disobeyed me? Hmm, I hope you have one because I don't want to do this."  Kol opened up his mouth and couldn't think of a damn thing. He looked at Klaus helplessly.  "No, Sister. We would be the worst kind of hypocrites if we tried to weasel our way out of the consequences of our actions. Do your worst," Klaus said bravely.  "Nik! You have no idea how much that blasted thing smarts. Freya, it was just a joke. I feel like I've already learned my lesson. No more bets and I shouldn't have manipulated the situation. Niklaus, here, doesn't know what the bloody hell he is agreeing to. Mercy?" Kol begged.  "Oh sweet Brother, do you not trust me? You know I'd never harm you. I may not be a Seer, or have the second sight, but I sometimes have a gut feeling for what my family needs. Even when Dahlia tore me away, a part of me was always with you," Freya whispered cupping his face with her hands.  Kol looked down and then into her blue-green eyes, so much like Mother's, yet kinder. "Very well, Sister. Where do you want us?" Kol asked slowly.  "Kol, you can go face the wall, please. I'm going to deal with Niklaus first. Oldest to youngest, right? Pants down, too," Freya pressed.  "Indeed, Sister. Trousers down?" Klaus flushed.  "Please, this brush is heavy, but I know how strong both of you are," Freya conceded with a smile.  "Yet still sensitive!" Kol called as he trotted to the corner.  "You can take down your pajamas, too, young man," Freya retorted.  Kol groaned and pulled off Klaus' flannels. Why had he even bothered? Soon he had his nose in the corner and was showing off his black briefs. He kept his hands at his side. It felt like it had been centuries since Elijah or Klaus had stood him in the corner like this, yet it was still humiliating.  Klaus shucked off his sleep pants to reveal cotton boxer shorts that were also blue. He hoped Freya would let him lean over the bed, but that was short-lived as she ordered him to lay over her lap. Klaus's upper body was resting on the bed and his feet were still on the floor. It surprised Klaus that the least embarrassing part of this whole ordeal was getting spanked with Kol.  "I'm not going to wear out my hand with the salve and all that when the handy brush will do all the work for me," Freya explained as she picked up the heavy brush and tapped Klaus' backside.  "Of course, I don't want you to injure yourself, though the brush has been spelled to stop my healing. So even a human would heal a little during a good trouncing, correct?" Klaus asked as he felt the brush lift and come down with a crack. Whack! He sucked in his breath in shock. Holy Mother of....Whack!  "Sister, it really-," Klaus gasped. Whack! Whack!  Freya was walloping him hard from left to right waiting a few seconds between each swat. She was not raising her hand that high, but also doing more than merely patting him with the wooden instrument.  "What should you have done when Kol suggested this silliness?" Freya pressed.  Whack! Whack! "Said no and been the mature one!" Klaus spat as Freya increased the tempo.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Klaus found himself wiggling and stomping his feet soon. Bloody hell, Kol was right. Had he paddled him and Marcellus with this thing? Maybe they needed to rethink their attitudes about... Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! "Ohhhhh, S-Sister, I g-get it. I have l-learned a,-Stop! No more," Klaus begged as he began to shift and moved his behind out of the way.  "Stay still or I will take down your pants and bare your behind!" Freya warned.  Whack! Whack! Freya had to be bluffing. Surely, she wouldn't wallop him in the raw! Klaus could not take anymore. He'd never spank anyone again if she would just stop.  Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! "Bloody h-hell!" Klaus griped. He threw back his right hand and Freya almost whacked it with the brush.  "Move your hand or I'm going to give you a real spanking that you won't soon forget," Freya threatened.  "I c-cannot," Klaus gasped. He wasn't crying, but his eyes were tearing. He felt Freya tugging down his boxers.  "No! Sister, you cannot! I'm sorry," Klaus whined frantically. He moved his hands but all that did was allow her to slip his loose boxers right below his behind. He felt Freya spray something and twisted.  "Yes, it's the spray salve. I came prepared. You touch your behind and your hands will sting. Now I'm going to move back on the bed. I want you completely over my lap," Freya said as she sat back further on the bed. Klaus's behind was stinging from the salve and the effects of the nasty brush.  "You cannot do this!" Klaus disputed hotly.  "You don't tell me what I can and cannot do. Now up before I open you drawer and use one of the paddles on you," Freya warned menacingly. Freya began to spank Klaus' pink rear end with her hand to get him moving. He was mortified and began to put his legs fulled over her lap. Luckily, his boxers were up in the front to protect his modesty, but his bare buttocks were exposed in the back. He felt like a chastised child. Smack! Smack! Surely, there was some law against him getting spanked with his own paddle! This was madness. Klaus was about to rebel when he looked up and saw Kol looking back at him. Was Kol laughing that Klaus couldn't take a spanking from their sister?  Smack! Smack! With the salve, the hand spanking hurt just as fiercely as the brush did on his already paddled seat. Klaus felt his eyes tearing up. Freya began to spank him across both cheeks and then lower right over the creases of his rear end. Klaus squirmed and found himself kicking. Swat! Swat! "I suppose I do need to use my hand. Now are you ready to behave and take the rest of your spanking?" Freya asked.  "Yessss!" Klaus spat out trying not to kick.  In a softer voice, "It's okay to let go, Brother. I know it hurts." Was she going to spank his bottom until he finally cried.  Freya continued, "I love you. We all do. You are the heart of this family. Always and forever, you tie us together. So when you misbehave and are a bad example, it trickles down. No more of the damn bets!" Freya picked up the brush and began to paddle him right over his sore cheeks again. This time Klaus let the tears flow. It hurt and he was kicking and wiggling, but her words touched him. He did have to behave properly or the whole lot of them would fall apart.  "S-Sorry, Sister. I shall not do it a-again. P-Please, it h-hurts," Klaus wailed as Freya walloped him hard until his behind was a dull red. Klaus sobbed into the crook of his elbow in shame as the pops of the brush continued to barrage him. His behind was so sore. Freya stopped and began to rub his bottom.  "It's okay. You're all forgiven. Such a good boy. I'm going to pull up the back of your shorts," Freya said as she carefully pulled the cotton over Klaus throbbing behind. She continued to rub his back and sore behind until he stopped crying. She didn't think she could put him in the corner. She thought this little brother needed put right to bed.  "Hon, can you get up? I want you to get right in bed on your tummy. I'll move, okay?" Freya said tenderly. Klaus stood and Freya put her arms around him for a minute. She didn't want to leave Kol for so long in the corner, but Klaus looked worn out.  "I shall do better," Klaus whispered.  "You will, honey. Now, get in bed. I'm going to spank Kol and put him to bed with you in here, okay?" Freya asked.  "Yes, Sister, please don't spank him as hard. You know he is full of mischief, he means no harm," Klaus pleaded looking beyond her at Kol nervously shifting in the corner.  "How about if I use something different on him? Do you have something a little less severe?" Freya asked looking towards the drawer by Klaus' bed. Klaus opened it to reveal the helping hand paddle and a regular old ping-pong paddle from the game room. He handed that to Freya. "This should do. You're a good brother. You always look out for us all," Freya said as she peeled back the comforter and let Klaus get in on his belly. She leaned down and kissed him.  With paddle in hand, she went over to retrieve Kol. She had the spray salve handy in her sweater pocket.  "Finally," Kol sassed. Freya couldn't help but smile and grabbed his bicep and swatted him across the seat of his pants.  "Ouch!" Kol blurted as his hands flew to his behind.  "The brush is in my pocket. Behave. I have an idea," Freya said. She pushed Kol firmly back into the corner and then yanked down his briefs. Kol whined in shock and got another whack, this time with the paddle now across his bare behind.  "What's that for?" Kol whined.  "I told you to behave. Now, I'm trying to protect your modesty. Still still so I can use the salve," Freya said spraying Kol's bottom, with a pink handprint and paddle mark now fading, with the anti-healing vervain salve.  "Ahhh, it stings where you already smacked me," Kol said as he tried not to wiggle and shift from foot to foot.  "It's going to sting worse in a minute when I paddle your naughty butt. Pull up your briefs," Freya gave Kol a minute to obey and then led him to the couch area.  Kol was confused and glanced at Klaus, who was in the bed.  "I'm going to spank you here on the couch and then you can sleep in here with your brother tonight. No hairbrush unless you are defiant and won't cooperate," Freya informed him.  "Yes, ma'am. I'll behave. Anything is better than that brush!" Kol remarked in relief.  "We'll see about this," Freya said as she sat down on the couch. She pulled Kol over so his hands were supporting him and his legs and feet were on the couch. She figured in this position he couldn't reach back and would have to cooperate more.  Freya patted Kol's brief covered behind with the rough side of the paddle. He winced.  "I just paddled Erik and Jeremy like this a few days ago. It's hard to be the one face down. Can we make this the last time? I'm getting a little old for spankings, aren't I?" Kol quipped nervously.  "You're too old when you stop misbehaving. Now tell me what got into your head?" Freya said popping him a little harder. Pop. "I just thought Elijah was out of line making the adults stop drinking when it was the girls who got into trouble. I thought it would be interesting to see if I could get Bex to break down," Kol admitted. "I was borrrreddd...it was a mistake."  "That was naughty of you. You had no business interfering. Let's see if this helps you make better choices that next time you get a foolish, immature idea," Freya said lifting the paddle high and bringing it down smartly. Freya paddled Kol across both cheeks on the center of his behind until he was feeling like she torched his backside. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! "Stop wiggling. The paddling is done when I decide, not you. You need to learn that. You are not in charge here," Freya lectured. She tightened her left arm to hold him tightly.  Kol bit his lip to avoid crying out. Surely, he hadn't spanked the boys this hard. Freya was strong and didn't seem to tire. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! After spanking him in the same spot until he tried to swim off her lap, Freya began to pop Kol's butt in a random pattern that left him unable to predict where the last hard swat would land.  Pop! POP! POP! POP! "I'm sorry!" Kol blurted in tears as he felt she would never stop. It burned and ached at the same time. The lack of healing left him feeling scalded and vulnerable. Kol felt his heart speed up in fear that he couldn't take the rest of the spanking. He was afraid he would hurt his sister if he launched himself off her lap. He had to take it.  Freya scolded, "Settle down. You're doing good. Almost over."  Kol began to cry a little and was tiring himself out from kicking and wiggling when Freya stopped the paddling. Freya rubbed the paddle over his hot, stinging cheeks.  "All done, hon. You did great," Freya soothed. She left him calm down over her lap and then helped him to his knees. She hugged him to her and let him wipe his eyes and blow his nose.  "We love you so much, Kol. I don't know what we would do without you. You make us laugh. I'm so proud of you over the last week with Davina. I know it's hard, but you still take care of the boys when you need to. You take care of the dog and now the house. But when you are a bit naughty, I'm here to take care of you, okay? You're not alone," Freya said as she wiped away a tear from her own eye.  "Love you, too, Freya. I'll behave. You can really swing a paddle," Kol quipped.  "I've had some practice lately. Now, let's get you in bed besides your brother," Freya said quietly.  She opened the bed for Kol and let him crawl in. His backside stung but he didn't want to get vervain on his hands nor did her want those thick flannels on rubbing against his skin. Freya leaned over and kissed him.  "Go to sleep, boys. It's late. Sleep in tomorrow. Niklaus, let me get the kids up, okay?" Freya promised.  Klaus replied, "Love you. Night."  Freya returned the ping pong paddle to the drawer and retrieved the hairbrush. She hoped taking it would hasten a little more of their healing as their backsides were both red and sore looking.  Kol whimpered as he shifted. "Nik, did you ask her not to use the brush on me?" Klaus nodded, "You were right! That damn thing hurts!" "Thank you. Sorry to get you in trouble," Kol sniffed. He was, too.  "Kol, you didn't, mate. I could have said no. But I didn't think she'd pull down my pants," Klaus gulped.  "Me, either. You better warn Elijah or Freya will give him a good hidin' next if he fouls up! Good night," Kol said closing his eyes.  "I will, little Brother. I will. Sleep well. And Kol...," Klaus said, half asleep.  "Aye, Nik?" Kol asked.  "I love you, always and forever," Klaus said.  But Kol was already asleep. Klaus smiled and brushed back his brother's brown hair and went to sleep himself. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Jo's RoomAlmost MidnightJo lay away crying in the darkness. She had nothing, no one. Her parents and coven were dead. The little kids were trapped in some prison world. Her living siblings hated her. There was a decent chance the Heretics would kill her if her own siblings didn't. She finally got out of bed and wandered into the great room to watch tv. She heard someone come down and get something out of the refrigerator. Sadie had followed Elijah downstairs and Elijah refilled her water. "Dear, are you okay? Can I get you something?" Elijah asked concerned. He had come down to get Vanessa a blood bag. "Nah, I'm fine. I just couldn't sleep," Jo admitted flipping channels as she spoke.  "Well, then, Jo. You need to get back to bed and read a book or something. We don't allow children up all night watching this drivel," Elijah said indicating a late night movie about female prisoners.  "It's fine. I always used to watch tv all night," Jo argued. Sadie finished drinking and came up to Sadie for some petting. She did like this dog, it was very friendly. "Jo, I think you are misunderstanding me. In this house, children need to be in bed by 10pm on a school night or else. Now, turn off the tv and go back to bed please," Elijah said more firmly.  Jo looked at him in surprise, "Jeez, it's not really a big deal. I don't even go to school anymore." Jo found herself brushing fur off her hands. "Well, if you are going to stay, that would need to change. Jo, I am sorry about your situation. Actually, since it might not be safe for you to leave the house, we could tutor you here. I know your twin Kai is aiming to be a doctor. Do you have a similar career aspiration?" Elijah asked as Jo got up and followed him out of the great room.  "A doctor?" Jo said loudly in the quiet kitchen. "I'm the one who wanted to be a doctor, he's a copy cat!"  "You can both be doctors if you put in the time and effort. Let's talk more about your career path tomorrow. Are you hungry? Thirsty? Honey, have you been crying?" Elijah asked suddenly.  Jo was now embarrassed, "They hate me."  Elijah put a hand on her shoulder, "Give them time. My brother told me about what your parents said. Your coven, your family, was in a real conundrum. Why do you think your siblings blame you?"  "I guess the way I treated them, Kai especially. I was a little bitch. It's true," Jo admitted.  "I'm sorry to hear that. Let's watch the curse words, okay? We have little ones here who repeat everything they hear. Have you apologized to your brother?" Elijah pressed.  "A little...I guess not really. I mean, what's the point? The past is the past, right?" Jo spat.  "It can help. We'll talk about it more tomorrow. Now, back in bed and don't let me catch you up past 10 again. You won't like it if I do," Elijah warned walking her back towards Freya's old bedroom. He waited at the doorway with the light on until Jo got in bed. Elijah turned the light out and said, "Goodnight, Jo. I hope things will be better in the morning, dear."  Jo's mind now wondered what Elijah meant about not liking it if he caught her out of bed. She wasn't a baby. She often enjoyed staying up all night. Her parents never cared, why would they old vampire care. Odd. Jo's mind reviewed the last few weeks until she finally feel into a deep sleep. It had been a long day. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, VirginiaMondayTrue to her word, Freya helped get the kids up the next morning. Mondays were always rough. "Elijah, I've tried to wake Tyler up three times...Could you go up there? I promised Niklaus I'd let him and Kol sleep in," Freya reported. Elijah was in the kitchen puttering around with lunches. Backpacks were lined up on the island. Freya knew better than to touch anything and mess up Elijah's system. Elijah surmised, "I bet he was up half the night on that mobile or his iPad. I told our brother we should collect their devices at night, but he is determined that they have to learn how to 'regulate' their use. I'll go, but I can't promise that I'm not going to grill that boy."  "Thank you, Brother. I owe you. Can I help here?" Freya offered. Elijah looked over his work, "Ah, you can unload the dishwasher for me. I'll be done with a groggy, grumpy hybrid in ten. Time me." Freya glanced at the clock. She knew some of the boys showered at night, but she thought Tyler showered in the morning. Could one do that and dress in ten minutes?  Matt and Dana came down laughing about a movie they had seen.  "Morning, guys. How'd you sleep?" Freya said starting to sort the silverware.  "Well, thanks. How are you, Aunt Freya?" Matt asked politely.  "Good, hon. Hungry?" Freya asked.  "Always," Matt laughed. Dana got her blood bag from the fridge and sat down with Matt at the table. Freya brought over the egg and sausage Elijah had made.  "Toast will be out in a minute. Orange juice?" Freya asked. Matt grinned, "I can get it myself, but thanks." Freya patted him on the shoulder.  A moment later, Rachael, Kai, and Erik stomped down loudly.  "Guys, keep it down a little Jo is still sleeping," Freya announced lightly pointing to her old bedroom. "Oh, in that case, let me burn something and set off the fire alarm," Rachael scoffed. She still couldn't believe Jo had the nerve to show her face here. "Hey, is that a way to start the day? Get your blood and sit down. Kai, Erik, you, too. Eggs?" Freya asked.  She fixed Rachael with a stern glare until the young witch stopped snickering about waking up her sister. "Yeah, thanks," Kai said. "Can I have coffee?"  Freya frowned and said, "It's in the pot, hon. Help yourself." She thought he was too young to drink coffee, but Keelin said a cup or two wouldn't hurt him. She was the doctor anyhow.  Jeremy came down next looking tired.  "You okay, Jeremy? Let me feel your head," Freya said. "You don't feel warm." Freya looked him up and down with concern. "I just didn't sleep great last night. I'm not really hungry," Jeremy said sitting alone at the island.  "Your dad is going to pick you guys up at detention so make sure you are out there. We might go out to eat tonight. The architects will be here doing stuff so I'm not sure we can cook. Jeez, where is Tyler? It's getting late," Freya worried.  Jeremy scowled, "He's probably tired."  "Jeremy, did something happen?" Freya asked quietly.  "Nothing. We just got into it a little. His cell phone light was waking me up. It's fine," Jeremy said, when clearly it wasn't.  Elijah gave down followed by an angry looking Tyler. The room got quieter and Elijah finished packing the lunches.  Jeremy and Tyler made it a point to not look at each other.  "Everyone have everything?" Elijah asked.  "Yup, guess we better head out. Thanks, Uncle Elijah," Jeremy said. Freya made sure to kiss all the kids goodbye and held Rachael back a second.  "I know you're angry about your sister. We can talk about it later, if you want. But I don't want you picking on her, k? Promise me that you will try to be nice," Freya asked gently.  Rachael rolled her eyes, "I have been being nice. She's still alive right?"  "Rachael!" Freya scolded as Rachael bounced through the garage door into the waiting black SUV. Matt was driving today. Freya let it go and turned back to her brother.  "I think Tyler and Jeremy must have fought last night," Freya commented.  "Really? Tyler didn't say a word. I had to physically lift him out of the bed. He admitted that he was on the phone with Caroline last night. It crossed my mind to really let him have it because I've been through this with him before but...," Elijah drifted.  "What? What happened?" Freya asked.  "I realized he's just scared about everything...becoming a father, being with Caroline through all this. There is still more we don't know about those boys being hybrids than we do know. I think the fact that he gave his blood to Davina and it almost linked him to those rings on the full moon also affected him more than he let anyone realize. That could have been so much worse," Elijah finished.  "That's true. I feel a part in that because I should have looked closer at Davina's spell. The spell does call for a wolf that doesn't turn, but clearly now, it can't be a hybrid,-" Freya was cut off by Jo coming in the kitchen.  "Good morning, Jo. Get some rest?" Freya said going over to the young witch with concern.  "Yeah, after Mr. Mikaelson here wouldn't let me watch tv at like 11pm!" Jo revealed.  Freya looked at Elijah with surprise. Elijah shared, "I believe it was a bit later than that, Jo. Were you able to go back to sleep, my dear?"  Jo blushed to admit, "Yes, I suppose I was more tired than I realized. Can I help?"  Freya looked at the counter and the younger kids back packs sitting out. Elijah smiled, "Oh no, I wouldn't wish this on our worst enemies. Each child is very particular. This one is no crust and Finn only likes one layer of jelly on his sandwich. Penny has to have two fruit cups and one pack of cookies or she trades them with her classmates. It's a nightmare, really. But sit, and I'll get you breakfast. Freya, Vanessa is getting up the younger kids, so relax. The builders will be here around 8 to break ground on your greenhouse, the pool, and our new sport court," Elijah said busying himself.  "I have to admit, I'm more than a little excited. Keelin has been selling my salve at work, kind of under the table, but I need more herbs to make more. I have a few new recipes in mind. Jo, how's your herbalism and spellcraft 101?" Freya asked sitting down beside her with a plate.  "Pretty good, I think. I mean I always wanted to be a doctor so I studied the chemistry side of things, plus the magical. Our whole coven really liked my magical tinctures and even soaps and things like that," Jo admitted.  "Soaps?" Freya asked with interest.  "Yeah, I milled them with a magical layer of herbs for skin conditions and different aliments. For example, I made a soap for my grandmother to use for her arthritis, she kept it at her sink and it helped her hands a great deal. I could show you if you like. Do you have a work area here?" Jo said looking around.  Freya smiled brightly, "I'll show you my lab after we're done eating. I think you'll like it." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic Falls High SchoolThird PeriodTyler kicked his locker shut. In the few hours he had slept, he'd had nightmares about his dead Uncle Mason. He was hurt and bloody and Tyler couldn't help him.  Connor heard the locker bang shut and crossed the hallway to his brother. "Bro, take it easy! We don't need your ass getting a detention, too, like Jer and Erik. What's up?" Connor said leaning against the lockers.  Tyler shrugged, "I was kind of a dick to Jer last night when he was trying to sleep. Caroline isn't feeling well. She feels like the babies are growing too fast. I need to talk to Keelin. Maybe that is normal for wolves? But I don't know. I'm just pissed right now."  Connor nodded, "You need to turn. There ain't no reason we can't go to the quarry tonight or your old property tonight to hunt. How about it?"  "I'll probably be grounded tonight. I admitted to Uncle Elijah I was on my phone. I thought he was gonna bust my ass and then he...got real nice. I started crying like a baby. What is this? It's gotta be the vampire side because I feel like I have fucking PMS or something," Tyler scoffed.  Connor laughed to see Tyler so upset, "Dude, chill. You're gonna be a daddy. We are the first hybrids in history, so far as we know. You're allowed to be messed up for two seconds." Connor put his arm around Tyler in the the hallway as they walked to their next class.  "It didn't help that I had nightmares about my dead uncle. I always dream of this old cave on the old Lockwood property.  It's where Dad and his family used to hide from the wolves...There is something there, man. I don't know what, but I need to find out," Tyler mentioned.  "We'll go tonight," Connor assured him.  "If I'm grounded?" Tyler asked sharply.  "Forget it, you need to go, we'll go," Connor promised.  "Thanks, Brother," Tyler said. He felt better. Tyler knew he still needed to apologize to Jeremy, which he should have done already...But he felt better.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic Falls High SchoolDetentionJeremy and Erik brought their books and their detention slips into the detention room and sat down. There was usually a vice principal or someone checking kids in, but today there was no one.  "Where is everyone?" Jeremy wondered aloud.  "No fucking clue," Erik mumbled, looking around. He attuned his senses and turned toward a back closet. He whistled softly and pointed to Jeremy. Someone was in there.  Erik and Jeremy tiptoed to the back of the room holding their breath.  "What the hell are you two doing?" Alaric said coming out holding a dusty old box.  Jeremy let out a scream that made Erik laugh. Jeremy colored, but sighed in relief.  "Uncle Ric! What the hell?" Jeremy gasped.  "You two and the language! You know, this is detention. I have a good mind to drag you both back here and,-" Ric muttered as he set down the box. For a second, Ric had forgotten that he had arranged for the boys to be sent here. Both boys ignored his rant about their language and came over and looked in the box.  "What is all this stuff? What are you doing here?" Erik asked as he noticed a bunch of old file folders and other ledgers.  "Well, when I saw you two geniuses on the detention list. I talked old man Lewis into making this a working detention. You guys are going to help me go through this historical files. Jeremy, I know how much you like research. There is another student coming to help us. She's new this year...," Ric said as he went back in the closet to get another box.  Erik heard the footsteps before Jeremy, "It's a girl."  A pretty Asian girl in a knee length skirt and a beige blouse walked in. "Hi, I'm Anna. You must be...Jeremy and...?" Anna started.  Erik reached out, "I'm Erik, ma'am." Jeremy rolled his eyes at Erik's southern charm. Anna giggled and said, "Is Mr. Saltzman here?"  Ric came out and reintroduced Anna.  Jeremy felt a tug of recognition, "Have we met before? You look familiar.""That's impossible. I just moved here with my mom. However, she was from here a long time ago...I hope I can help."  Erik was incredulous, "You got detention? Don't seem like that's possible."  Anna laughed again, "Yeah, well, Mrs. Dorkus yelled at me for not having a binder on my first day and I lost it. I kind of called her a bitch. My mom was not happy, but I guess it worked out."  "Okay, kids. Enough chitchat. I need you guys to go through and find any records of a Phoenix Stone and a man named Julian. Look, I know this seems weird, but I need to trust that none of this leaves this room," Ric stated.  "Where are these records from, Uncle Ric?" Erik asked.  "I had them sent over from Whitmore College, some are from Jeremy's dad old office and others are from the town archives. Jeremy, I know you and Elena haven't been getting along, but she asked me to do this," Ric admitted.  "Elena asked you to do this? Elena, who barely talks to me. Ric, if she did ask you this, it's for Stefan and Damon right?" Jeremy confirmed.  "Yeah, I know. Probably Damon. He's up to something, but he won't tell me. You know Damon is acting weird when he's well, sober. Now, get to work. Jot down anything you find in these notebooks. You have one hour," Ric ordered.  Each student picked up a stack and sat at a desk. Jeremy made sure that he was sitting close to Anna, but then he noticed that Erik was just as close on the other side. Anna seemed to be smiling at them both. Jeremy realized too late that they were supposed to be doing their homework, but this was more interesting. Plus, they wanted to look cool in front of Anna. Jeremy wondered how to get her phone number, but at the end of the session, he had drawn a blank.  "Anna, can I get you my cell number? Call if you need something," Erik said shyly.  "Gee, thanks, Erik. That's awfully nice of you. I will," Anna said. At exactly 4pm, Anna scurried out muttering that her mother was expecting her at home.  Jeremy was about to be pissed when he found something,"Uncle Ric, come here! I think I've found it."  "What, Jer?" Ric asked running over.  "It says here that the Phoenix Stone was created in Saint Malo, Louisiana, 1857...Rayna Cruz was the daughter of a hunter, one of the Five? Uncle Ric, is that true? The vampire Julian compelled Rayna to kill her own father to avoid the Hunter's Curse...," Jeremy read in shock.  "Let me see that," Alaric said, "If this is true, then it's worse than we thought. So Rayna went to some shamans and oh my God, they gave her a tea of protection and they all killed themselves to rid this world of the scourge of vampires. Every one of them. Boys, I need to talk to your father. Let me call him."  "No need. I've been outside for 15 minutes waiting. What's going on? I thought you two were in detention?" Klaus asked looking at the dusty research materials.  Ric looked sheepish, "I commandeered their help. Remember how I told you Elena asked me to look into that thing, well, I think it is tied to the Heretics and the Gemini covens. But it's not good."  "It never is, it is? Boys, why don't you go wait in the car? I'm assuming your homework didn't get done," Klaus said as he hugged both of them on their way to the car.  "Rayna Cruz, the Huntress. Niklaus, what do you know of her?" Ric asked when the boys had left.  "I haven't heard that name in many years...She killed many of my friends and foes alike. Her sword! Yes, the stone on the end, it was called something...the Phoenix Sword, right? That's where she trapped them. Bloody hell! Let me guess, Lily's man Julian is in the stone!" Klaus said pounding his fist down.  "You got it, my friend," Ric said tiredly.  "Twins keeping you up?" Klaus asked.  "Let's put it this way, I come to work to sleep at lunch. I'm going to have to call the Salvatore brothers and fill them in. They know their mother is back and they need to know why. Maybe they can help?" Ric suggested.  "We'll need all the help we can get. I don't want the boys involved, though. Rayna is too dangerous. But those Gemini kids are trapped in that Ascendent with this Julian, we think. What a mess!" Klaus complained.  Ric nodded, "Erik is part vamp and in danger from Rayna, but Jeremy? He's  from hunter stock.  Klaus, let him help me. The boy is eager for some role in his heritage."  Klaus disagreed,"He's just a boy, Alaric. I cannot have him in danger. I'm sorry. Now, tell me more about this Huntress situation. We have a lot at stake. What's the rest of the story?"  "It gets worse. Julian is the one who started the whole thing. Rayna's dad was a Hunter of the Five and Julian compelled her to kill her own father to avoid the curse. Shamans helped her and here we are," Ric said as they walked out to the parking lot.  "I had that curse for 70 years, it was horrible. If I could have killed myself, I would have. But of course, I couldn't.  So I'm not so sure I can criticize this Julian fellow. It's actually quite brilliant," Klaus said deep in thought.  "Well, brilliant or not, I have a wife and twins to get home to and you have two tardy boys waiting for you in the car," Ric said looking at his watch.  "Ah, Ric, should I be worried? They didn't tell me about the detentions. I mean, these tardies. I didn't make a big thing of them at home. Should I be concerned?" Klaus asked.  "They aren't smoking crack, Klaus. But honestly, if the kids think no one is on them, they start slacking. Don't blow this off. I'd have a talk with them for sure over this," Ric admitted.  "A talk talk...," Klaus emphasized. The sky was growing dark outside of the deserted high school. The street lamps were coming on. But Klaus could see that Ric was trying to be helpful.  "I just mean that they should know not to make this a habit. They are at that age, Klaus. If you aren't on their asses, hell, they might be smoking crack soon. Have a good night, buddy," Alaric said getting into his Jeep. "Crack?" Klaus said to the empty parking lot.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^When Klaus pulled into the garage, he reminded the boys to finish their homework before dinner. They were ordering in tonight. "Jeremy, can I speak to you?" Klaus said as they got out of the SUV.  "Yeah, I guess," Jeremy said in confusion. They had just spent the whole ride home from detention talking.  "Son, I said this to Alaric, but I don't want you wrapped up in all this again. Promise me that you will stay out of it," Klaus said looking Jeremy in the eye.  "But we were just helping Uncle Ric! Dad, what if we can help get those kids out. This is bullshit!" Jeremy spewed stalking into the kitchen.  Klaus was stunned, he hadn't seen this vitriol coming from his son. Klaus recovered and followed Jeremy into the kitchen. Jeremy was unpacking his backpack.  Klaus shut the door behind him and said, "That's two strikes. Make sure you get your school work done. We'll talk about this tonight." "I'm tired from freakin' Tyler keeping me up all night, but I guess that is okay. Screw your strikes," Jeremy grumbled. "That's three. Hand over your phone. I can tell you are tired, but that is no excuse. Now get your school work done, we'll have dinner and then you can go to bed early," Klaus said calmly. Jeremy took his phone and gave it to Klaus without a word. Klaus made a note to talk to Tyler, as Elijah had mentioned him being up all night again. "Thank you for not arguing. We can talk about the rest last, okay?" Klaus said carefully. Jeremy nodded, but was apparently going to give him the silent treatment. Fine, Klaus would let him cool off before escalating the situation. Klaus heard Jeremy slam down a folder or something on the counter as Klaus walked up the stairs. He was thinking about what Ric said. Maybe he was being too overprotective of Jeremy? After all, the Huntress did not harm humans. Klaus went to check on Penny and then try to call Cami again. He had left her a message last night, but she wasn't answering her phone. Klaus heard a knock and said, "Come in."  "Papa, it's me. I came to say goodbye," Marcel said. "Oh no, so soon?" Klaus responded. The visit had passed far too quickly.  "Yeah, something is wrong. Josh called and said that Diego was on the rampage or something. It was hard to tell because I think he was calling from the Bayou. You know the reception out there is lousy. Plus, I need to check on Father K.," Marcel added sadly.  "Oh of course, I was just trying to contact Camille. Please let me know how Kieran is. Damned Bastianna! Let me know if you need anything," Klaus offered.  "I will. Love you," Marcel said softly as Klaus embraced him tightly. "Always and forever, my son," Klaus replied. "I wish you did not have to go."  For a moment they were back at the Compound in the 1800s. Marcellus was getting ready for his first faction meeting. A lace cravat at his chin, the carriage waiting, top hat on...Klaus had been so proud, but frightened. His son was growing up and didn't need him. Now, it was happening all over all.  "We'll be back soon, Papa. I promise," Marcel said, almost as if he had read Klaus' mind. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^BackyardKol threw the little toy football and Sadie leapt up and grabbed it midair. The construction crew had broken ground today, but the grounds were huge and they still had plenty of land to play. "Way to go, girl!" Kol called to the playful retriever. Elijah's boys, as he now thought of them, and they now were, were playing further in the yard.  "Henrik, pull down the stick," Kol heard himself yell. Now Finn was chasing Henrik with the same stick. But before Kol could holler for him to drop it, he heard a voice. "Here, Sadie," Kol heard a voice from behind him.  "Davina," Kol said as he turned watching Sadie run to Davina.  "We're leaving. I wanted to say bye," Davina smiled looking at the dog.  "Bye," Kol said turning away.  "Just because we aren't together doesn't mean we still can't be friends," Davina tried. She was weakening. The thought of not seeing Kol broke her, just being around him was enough, but to have none of him was unbearable. "Aye, it does, luv," Kol said with his back to her still.  "We can do this for a year or two more, be apart, then no one can stop us," Davina assured him. "No, Davina. I want you to live a mortal life. Go to university, get married, have a family. With me, I'll always look like this, 17 forever. I can never have children. I can never die," Kol spat.  "Natural always provides a loophole, Kol. I believe that we can live the life we want. Look at your family, hybrids, siphons, the cure. We could marry, live on our own, do what we want, if we only have the courage to try. I've got to go, but I just wanted you to know that. I love you," Davina said as she turned for the house.  "And I, you, my love," Kol said to the wind. Of course, he would wait for her, but he wanted her to live first.  "Finn! Get off your brother," Kol yelled vamping over to the wresting boys.   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Jo came out threw the kitchen to go to the great room to watch tv. She had heard Jeremy slamming around books and wondered what happened. "Hey, everything okay?" Jo said as she got a bottle of water from the fridge. "Oh hey, sorry. I ah, just got into it with my dad," Jeremy said flushing. "Was he pissed about detention?" Jo asked with curiosity.  "Not really. So my ancestors were vampire hunters and town founders and my dad is so terrified of me getting involved in the supernatural. I just want to help with some research! Sometimes I hate being human," Jeremy admitted.  "That sucks. But remember, a lot of us would give everything to be normal. When you have magical powers, it's a lot of work, it's dangerous, and people expect a lot from you. And when you fail, it stinks," Jo said sipping on her water. Jeremy looked at her with new eyes, "Sorry, I never thought of it like that. I guess I just figured you chant a couple of words and do a spell. And I should have said, sorry about your parents. Mine died last year in a car accident." "Yeah, sorry to you, too. Not a club anyone wants to be in. Orphans," Jo said softly. "I hear ya. Hey, I better go do my homework before my dad comes back down. I'm already in enough trouble. Plus, he took my phone so I have nothing else to do," Jeremy joked as he gathered up the folders and books he had slammed over the island.  Rachael and Penny came down a second later. Rachael heard the tail end of the conversation with her vampire hearing, "...Having an evil sister who thinks she's the next coven leader, but who gets everyone killed, also not a club to be in. Penny, go on out with them. I'll be out in a minute."  Penny glanced at Rachael quickly and went out to play with the boys, Uncle Kol, and Sadie. Dana was painting her nails and doing something with wax. She promised Penny that she would be down when she was done. "Rachael, I didn't get anyone killed. I did what I was told, unlike you. Always the rebel, eh? We all had a part to play, but you just made it harder for everyone,"Jo admitted. Rachael had always been a difficult girl, even before she was a siphon. "If only I could twist off this little anti-siphon bracelet, Jo. I could suck you dry. It would only take a minute," Rachael threatened as she twisted the anti-siphoning bracelet.  Jo gasped, "Rachael, you want to kill me? You're the sick one, not me. You need help!"  Rachael laughed a dark laugh, "Just wait, Josette. One night I'm going to sneak in and we'll have one less Gemini bitch to worry about."  "What about the kids? You don't know where the ascendent is," Jo smirked, not as confident as she was a minute ago.  "There's a spell where I can suck all your memories out of your brain, or the brain of your corpse. Very handy really. Just don't get too comfortable here, this is our house now," Rachael warned.  Jo scoffed, "You can't scare me."  "Let me make this clear. No one wants you here. As soon as they get the ascendent and the kids, they are going to hand you over to the Heretics," Rachael lied. Jo cringed, "That's not true! You're just jealous. You've always been jealous."  "Take your chances and see. I'm trying to help you," Rachael cackled.  Jo looked back at her younger sister and saw the venom in her gaze.  "You really do hate me don't you?" Jo asked. "Rachael, it wasn't supposed to be like this. It doesn't have to be like this."  Rachael said words over her bracelet and it loosened. She took it off and put out her hand as if to siphon Jo.  Jo panicked and backed into the bedroom. She was shaking. She couldn't stay here. Maybe Rachael was right and they would just turn her over to the Heretics anyway? Rachael wanted her gone.  Jo would leave tonight. She would get the ascendent and go. To where, she had no idea. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, VirginiaMikaelson MansionMonday Night Klaus called Cami again and this time she answered. "My love, where have you been? I was about to come look for you," Klaus said in relief.  "Oh Klaus, I'm sorry. I've been packing. Sean called," Cami paused and suppressed a sob. "He doesn't think Kieran is going to make it much longer. I was going to fly down there tonight. I don't know what else I can do."  "I'll come with you. What about your parents? Have you told them?" Klaus said. Cami's parents had moved out of state when they retired.  "Yes, they are going to meet us there. Sean doesn't know what to tell them. They don't know the truth," Cami said, now crying opening.  "I'll pick you up in an hour. Camille, my empress, I'm so sorry. I'm going to see if Freya will come. There might be a way she can give him a few more days. I have an idea...," Klaus said. There was an idea he had been chewing on, but he wasn't sure it would work. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^After Dinner"Go with you?  Klaus, we just got back," Freya said. But when Klaus explained his idea, Freya softened. He had found her in the kitchen about to check on Jo. She had been quiet at dinner and seemed sad.  "Okay, Brother. It may work. I'll call Keelin at work. Damn, I hate to leave the kids again with Elijah, Vanessa, and Kol," Freya admitted.  "I know, Sister, but I don't see how it can be helped. I am sorry, this situation was unforeseen, to say the least," Klaus said. "I need to go tell the children. I haven't even talked to Tyler about last night and Jeremy is acting up. I wonder if Ric would take Jeremy for a few days, maybe Erik, too?" Klaus wondered.  "Call him and see," Freya suggested. "Meet in 30? I need to do about 50 things before we go. Can you talk to Elijah and Kol right now?"  "Deal. And thank you. I owe you," Klaus said heavily.  "Niklaus, you owe me nothing. Now, go do what you need to do," Freya said quickly.  "Sister, I do owe you," Klaus pressed. "Niklaus! I'm warning you. Hurry up and get ready. You owe me nothing. I love you, now go!" Freya laughed pushing him out of the kitchen lightly. Klaus turned and grabbed her. He hugged her tightly and without a word, vamped upstairs.  "I'll never get used to that," she said to herself aloud. One second he was there, the next gone. Freya called Keelin and explained the situation. She promised to leave work now as she was off in a few minutes anyway.  "Josette, can I come in?" Freya asked.  "Yes, sure," Jo said sitting on the bed. She had a grimoire beside her.  "Hon, I'm sorry to do this, but I have to go back to New Orleans.  I just wanted to make sure you were okay, though. You seemed quiet at dinner. Did something happen?" Freya asked gently. "No, I'm just tired. How long are you going to be gone?" Jo asked.  "Not long, Jo. Has Rachael been bothering you again? I swear I'm going to wear that girl out. I don't know how your parents dealt with things, but I have a wooden spoon that seems to do the trick at times," Freya confessed. "Ah, they didn't do that, but maybe they should have. Rachael has always been high strung. Me, too, I guess. Really, I'm fine," Jo fibbed.  "Hon, if I find out that you are lying to me, I'm going to feel free to use that spoon on your backside, too, deal?" Freya said firmly.  Jo's eyes got wide, surely Freya was joking. She was 17 years old. Now, Rachael, on the other hand, could use a firmer hand, in her opinion.  "Deal. Have a good trip. I'll work on some of those spells you showed me and write out those herbal recipes," Jo added.  "You don't have to write them out. Just show me when I get back, okay? You have my number. I'm going to ask my brothers to buy you a cell phone and anything you need. I better go. Hug?" Freya asked.  Jo was surprised, but stood to hug the older witch. Her eyes filled up with tears at Freya's warmth. Maybe she didn't need to leave? Kai was her twin. She hadn't wanted to merge with him, but it wasn't a choice. Dana didn't hate her as much as Rachael did, right. No, Rachael could end her if she wanted. She had to get out of here tonight. Freya said goodbye to the other girls and packed quickly. She's see Kai last. She knew Klaus would want to tell his boys first.  Klaus walked into the boys' room wanting to do anything except tell them he was leaving again.  Klaus found them playing video games on the couches, a fire going in the fire place.  "Boys, I am sorry, but I need to leave tonight. Cami's uncle is dying," Klaus announced in a low voice.  "Oh no, Dad, that's awful," Connor replied.  "Freya and Keelin are coming. There is a chance, Freya can give him a couple of days. If I'm going to be there longer, I'm going to send for all of you, okay?" Klaus promised.  Matt grinned, "Wow, really? I've never been there. Or anywhere, really."  Klaus patted him on the shoulder. "Actually, Jeremy and Erik would you guys come in here a sec."  Erik and Jeremy looked at each other in alarm. Jeremy had pushed it earlier, now it was time to pay.  "Dad, I'm sorry about earlier. I was mad," Jeremy started as Klaus led them into the small room on the side that had desks and a futon.  "No, Son, it's not about that. Actually, I'm giving you back your phone. I thought about what you said and you were right. I do need to trust you a little more. I called Alaric. You two can help him if you want to. He's going to take you home with him until I get back. Does that sound good?" Klaus smiled.  Both boys were excited, Jeremy said, "Yeah, Dad. That's awesome. Aunt Jenna has been bugging me to come back and stay. Wonder if Elena will be there? Erik can see my old house and room."  Klaus nodded, "But you know the rules, Ric and Jenna have full authority over you. You help with the twins and behave. I did mention that you were at three strikes and are going to bed early tonight. Ric said he has no problem tanning either of your hides if you step out of line. I am trusting you to be safe and do what the adults tell you." Erik promised, "We'll be good, Dad. Good luck with Cami's uncle."  "Come here, guys. I'm going to miss you," Klaus said hugging them both as tightly as he dared. "Now Jeremy, head to bed. Erik, send Tyler in, please."  Klaus stood and waited only a second as Tyler loped in.  "Hey Son, I've been meaning to check in with you. How's Caroline?" Klaus said putting his arm on Tyler's shoulder.  Tyler shook his head, "A mess, I guess. She's been irritated and pissed at me. The babies seem like they are growing fast. Same old crap."  "Did you get into it with Jeremy last night? You were keeping him up with your phone?" Klaus inquired.  "Yeah, I meant to apologize. But I guess it's easier to just pretend like nothing happened. I'll go talk to him now," Tyler decided.  "Good. He's got an early bedtime tonight. Go apologize and I'd like you to also go to bed right now," Klaus added.  "But Dad! We're in the middle of a campaign! I'm fine. I'm not even tired," Tyler said raising his voice.  "Tyler, I need to leave in a few minutes. I would really like to not have to smack you right before I go. Do you understand?" Klaus said hugging the dark haired boy to him. He patted the seat of his pants in warning a few times.  Tyler groaned, "Fine. I'm going. Now you need don't need to do that before you go."  "Good, because I didn't want to, Son. Jeremy and Erik are going to be staying with Alaric. Do you want to stay with your mum while I'm gone?" Klaus asked.  "No, I don't. Why?" Tyler asked in confusion.  "Just offering. Keep an eye on things here then. I love you," Klaus said. "Love you, too, Dad," Tyler said. Under his breath, he grumbled, "I hate apologizing..." "No one likes it, Son," Klaus laughed. He said goodbye to the boys and took Kai down with him to say bye to Freya. Klaus went in to see Penny. Penny was in her bed half-asleep when Klaus got up there.  "Daddy, you're leaving again. It's not fair!" Penny growled. Although she was not longer a vampire, Penny still was ferocious at times.  "I know, sweetheart. I'm sorry. Cami's uncle is very sick. I'll be back or I'll send for all of you, okay?" Klaus said as he sat on the edge of the bed.  "Is that why Cami didn't come today? Oh, Finn hit me with a stick outside!" Penny complained as he mind raced from topic to topic.  "He what?" Klaus asked. Now that Penny was mortal, she could be injured. "It hurt my arm. Uncle Kol yelled at him and said he was going to tell Uncle Elijah. But then, he didn't, so I did," Penny said proudly.  "Penny, do you know what a tattletale is?" Klaus asked as he went to tickle her.  "Yes, I do! Don't Daddy, it's too late," Penny scolded.  "You're right. I'm sorry. I'll talk to your uncles about your cousins playing too roughly. I see you jump on them and you are the one who pulled Henrik's hair yesterday. So it goes both ways," Klaus reminded her.  "That was an accident," Penny added.  "It wasn't an accident, young lady. If you can't play nicely, you have to go to your room by yourself remember?" Klaus said softly.  "Yeah, Dana said boys are mean so it really wasn't totally my fault. Also, I have library tomorrow and I can't find that one book, about the horse," Penny worried.  "Sweetheart, I have to go. We'll find the book. I'll call you. Promise me that you will be good for your uncles and Vanessa. No hitting or fighting with your cousins, okay, if they are mean, tell an adult. If you are good, Daddy will bring you a present from New Orleans. A surprise," Klaus vowed.  "What will it be?" Penny persisted.  "I cannot tell you or it wouldn't be a surprise!" Klaus retorted.  "Daddddd, you're mean," Penny conceded in defeat.  "I know, but I love you, Penelope. I miss you already. Be good at school. Math test tomorrow?" Klaus remembered.  "It will be easy," Penny confirmed.  "Only for my smart girl," Klaus said pressing a kiss to her forehead. Dana helped her braid her hair before bed now just like she did her own hair. Klaus tugged on her braids and forced himself to leave. He already had an idea for the gift he wanted to buy his girls. A beautiful locket with the Mikaelson crest on it. There was an old jeweler he knew on Canal Street.  TuesdayElijah and Vanessa woke up at their usual time. "Well, I'll get the girls, you do the boys," Vanessa smiled as she kissed Elijah before putting on her robe.  "I hope I don't have to physically pluck any of them out of the bed today. They are always grumpier when their father is out of town. I hope Niklaus' plan with Kieran works. I really would like to show you the city," Elijah revealed.  "Elijah Mikaelson, you know I don't know what this secret plan is, but I am growing more curious by the hour. So there is a chance, we all might end up in New Orleans? Very interesting," Vanessa said. "We'll go soon regardless of what happens this week. Maybe for Easter? No, we want to avoid Mardi Gras...but maybe after? We'll see," Elijah smiled mysteriously.  "You are up to something. I'm going. If I don't get up there now, they are going to be late," Vanessa said as Elijah drew her into another kiss.  "Oui, mon cheri," Elijah laughed.  "Stop it, you know what that does to me," Vanessa giggled as she vamped up the stairs to the girls' room. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Older Boys' RoomElijah managed to get all the boys up and in the shower or dressed. Jeremy still seemed tired. After the others were either downstairs or showering, Jeremy was puttering around the room. "Jeremy, you're not coming down with something are you?" Elijah asked.  "I don't know. I do feel more tired than I usually do," Jeremy admitted. Seeing Elijah's gaze, "And no, I wasn't on my phone or up watching tv. Uncle Elijah, I sweat it. You can ask anyone!"  "Relax, Jeremy. I believe you if that is what you tell me. Make sure you take your vitamins and drink some extra orange juice. Are you packed for Ric's and Jenna's?" Elijah asked.  "Well, I still have some clothes there," Jeremy replied.  "That is not what I asked you, young man!" Elijah snapped.  "No, I didn't. I have time!" Jeremy retorted.  Elijah grabbed Jeremy by the forearms, "Let's watch the tone, please. Get packed and get downstairs for breakfast. If you are feeling sick, I want you to ask to go to the nurse. You cannot be around infants if you are sick. Do you understand?"  "I'm not sick I told you already. Damn, already," Jeremy snipped. Elijah put a foot up and the bed rail and bent Jeremy over his left thigh slightly.  Crack! Crack! Crack! "Uncle Elijah! What'd you do that for?" Jeremy yelled as he tried to protect his backside from more smacks.  "The attitude. You talk to your Uncle Ric like that and I guarantee you are going to find yourself on the wrong side of more of his relics. Do you understand?" Elijah warned.  "Yes," Jeremy said willfully.  Elijah smacked his upper thighs twice as Jeremy was still covering his backside with his hands. Smack! Smack! "Ouch! I'm sorry. I mean, yes, Uncle Elijah," Jeremy yelped. Elijah's smacks for once didn't hurt, but Jeremy was irritated. He was too old for this shit, he thought. Elijah was tempted to swat him again, but restrained himself. He released Jeremy and pulled him into a hug. Jeremy was tempted to pull away, but he knew his uncle was trying to make sure he was okay.  "Behave yourself this week. I don't know what gets into you sometimes," Elijah said with affection. He ruffled the boy's hair. "I don't know either," Jeremy concurred smoothing his hair back.  "Five minutes to dress and pack. Let's go," Elijah said briskly. All back to business. He hoped Vanessa had an easier time with the girls. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Girls' Room"Dana, Rachael, come on. You need to get up," Vanessa repeated. Neither girl moved.  "Ladies, don't make me call your uncle up here," Vanessa tried.  "Which one?" Rachael groaned. "Not Kol," Vanessa said with a slight smirk. "We're up," Dana said in a hoarse voice.  Rachael rolled out of bed, "Pen, up and at 'em."  "She doesn't need to be up for an hour," Vanessa said urgently.  Dana cut in, "She made up promise to wake her up before we leave."  "Okay, that's fine. She can have breakfast with you, if you all get ready now," Vanessa said.  "Did you find my library book?" Penny asked Vanessa nervously.  "Honey, I think you need to check your desk at school. Uncle Elijah and I looked everywhere," Vanessa assured her. "No, I brought it home! I'm going to get in trouble. They said not to lose the books!" Penny wailed.  Dana noticed Penny's distress, "Penny, it's not that big of a deal. It's probably here somewhere. If not, you can pay if it. Okay? Don't freak."  "I know I had it. Someone took it," Penny continued.  Vanessa knew that sometimes the only tact to take with Penny was to distract her. "Penny, want to eat first and come back up and change? Or we could bring your clothes downstairs and you can change in the bathroom by the kitchen after breakfast?" Vanessa asked grabbing Penny's school outfit.  "I don't care," Penny moaned.  "Penny, come on. Enough of this, Uncle Elijah's making pancakes. Come on," Vanessa said. At ten, Penny was too old for her to carry, but with her vampire strength, she could do it easily.  "Want to ride on my back?" Vanessa offered.  "I'm too big," Penny grumped.  "Honey, I'm strong now. When I was a human, something was wrong with my heart and I was often out of breath. I couldn't carry a bag of potatoes. Now, I can carry a hundred of you," Vanessa laughed.  "Okay," Penny said as she wiped at her face.  She climbed on Vanessa's back and let her ride her downstairs.  "That was fun! Can you go back up?" Penny giggled.  "Tonight. Now, sit and eat," Vanessa said plopping her into a chair at the kitchen table.  "Hey, there she is! Penny!" Matt said to Penny.  "I rode down here on Vanessa," Penny bragged to Matt. "You did. Lucky," Matt replied smiling at the little girl.  "Where's Sadie?" Penny asked Erik.  "She must be sleeping with Uncle Kol still," Erik guessed.  "Can we wake her up?" Penny asked as Elijah put down a plate of pancakes and bacon.  Connor helped Penny get some pancakes, "I reckon, she'll be down soon enough. Why are you up so early?"  Penny shrugged, "I didn't want to be up there by myself. It's scary."  Tyler looked confused a moment and then smiled, "Ah, you should try sleeping in a room with these guys. Did you ever smell their feet? That's what is really scary!"  "Ewww, that's gross," Penny said making a gagging noise.  Kai laughed, "That's the worst thing about being a vampire. The smells. There is just not enough deodorant in the world."  Elijah chimed in, "Try living when people took a bath about once a year, if that. Then, complain to me. Come on, boys. You need to leave in ten minutes."  Kai winced, "That sounds brutal! Uncle Elijah, can you sign this test?" Kai fished out a quiz from his backpack.  "97%! Great job, Kai. I can tell you are putting forth the effort. How is the tutor coming along?" Elijah said signing the test.  "Good, thanks. I still have a lot of catching up to do, but he said I'm doing well," Kai admitted.  "Great to hear," Elijah smiled as he checked the lunches one last time.  "I'll go start the car," Tyler said. "Have a good day, boys. The girls should be down in a minute. Please don't leave without them," Elijah reminded them.  "We won't," Matt said as he followed Tyler to the car after grabbing his backpack.  After the older kids left, Penny sat at the table by herself for a minute. She got bored and ran up to Finn and Henrik's room.  "Get up!" she said jumping on both of them.  "Penny! For goodness sake," Vanessa scolded as she heard Penny yelling.  "They won't get up anyway. I forgot to brush my teeth," Penny said as she ran back upstairs to the girls' room.  "Boys, it's time," Vanessa said. She went to pick up a blanket that fell on the floor and felt something. She picked it up and it was Penny's library book, destroyed.  "Finn, why is Penny's book all ripped up? I found it under your bed," Vanessa asked firmly.  "Henrik did it," Finn said rolling over again. Vanessa swatted his backside over the duvet twice. "The truth," Vanessa scolded. "No, don't!" Finn exclaimed. "No, I don't think so. Get up and talk, mister. Explain this right now," Vanessa said lifting Finn up.  "It was on the floor and Henrik stepped on it and the pages ripped. We figured it was messed up so...," Finn drifted off.  Henrik was waking, "It was an accident."  Vanessa flipped him slightly and gave Henrik two slight smacks over his pajama bottoms. He yelped and tried to flip over. "Talk," Vanessa said about to lose her patience.  "We didn't mean to," Henrik said. "Penny's been looking for this book for two days. We could have taped it. Now it's ruined. Get up. Maybe your father can get to the bottom of this. It's time for breakfast, boys," Vanessa said sternly. "Mommm, don't tell anyone. Please," Henrik begged.  "I'm not, gentleman. But you are. Let's go," Vanessa prompted, still holding the torn up book.  Twenty minutes later, the two boys and Penny were at the breakfast table. Penny was crying over the book and Elijah was glaring at Finn and Henrik.  "You know, it's not the book that upsets me, but the fact that you boys tried to hide it. If you stepped on the book by accident, we could have fixed it, but to then destroy it and hide it, that makes it worse," Elijah lectured.  Finn and Henrik had nothing to say.  "Don't you think you should say something to Penny?" Vanessa prompted.  "Sorry," Finn uttered.  "Henrik?" Elijah pressed. "Sorry I ruined your book!" Henrik exclaimed.  "I hate you both. You're so mean," Penny said crying again.  "Penny, that's not nice either. They apologized. We'll pay for the book," Vanessa said.  "That aren't sorry. They are lying! Now, I'm going to get in trouble," Penny shouted.  Vanessa looked at Elijah, "I'll drive them to school and talk to her teacher. Will that help, Penny?"Penny nodded and took Vanessa's hand, "We'll be in the car."  Elijah came over to the table and crouched down.  "What's going on, guys? This isn't like you," Elijah said softly.  Finn looked at Henrik, he wasn't going to talk.  "She's always telling on us and trying to get us in trouble. We got mad and wanted to get her back. We found the book and took it after she lost it," Finn admitted.  "So, there was no accident?" Elijah confirmed. This time, Henrik spoke, "No, we did it on purpose."  Elijah felt a stab of both horror that they did this and pride that they confessed at the same time.  "Thank you for telling me the truth. But you are still in trouble for destroying Penny's property and lying. Penny is your cousin. Boys, she is your family and we don't treat our family this way. I want you to think of how you are going to make it up to her. I know you aren't proud of this, but maybe you can think of a way to make her feel better," Elijah said solemnly.  "We will," Henrik said in a small voice.  Elijah hugged them goodbye and held Finn a moment longer.  "Finn, we all make mistakes. You can make this right," Elijah said.  "Okay, Dad. Are we in a lot of trouble?" Finn asked unable to meet Elijah's eyes.  "No, buddy. You did tell the truth in the end. Next time, I would prefer if you just admitted it first, but you did finally tell the truth," Elijah assured him. He wanted the kids to be close. Penny was difficult and did often try to tattle on the boys. Now that they were in a routine and had more of a social life, they were doing well. Penny's transition from hybrid to human seemed to do little to curb her tantrums. Elijah hoped that his brother would be home soon. Elijah walked Finn to the car and helped Henrik get in his car seat. Finn and Penny were big enough not to need them anymore. Elijah gave Vanessa the "I'll fill you in later" look and saw them off.  It dawned on Elijah that Josette hadn't stirred yet. He tapped on the door and got no answer. He knocked harder and then tried to open the door. Nothing. It was locked. Elijah felt a spike of alarm.  Using just a small fraction of his Original vampire strength, Elijah broke down the door only to find the room empty.  Jo was gone. From the looks of her bed, she hadn't even slept here. Elijah went to review the security cameras.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Lily's CottageLily was happily puttering around in the kitchen of, what she now referred to as, her cottage. All of her children loved her tea cakes and raspberry tarts. She couldn't find decent berries, so she decided on making the just cakes. Lily would have to make sure that Mary Louise didn't make a glutton out of herself before supper again. If she'd let her, the child would eat the whole tea of cakes by herself.  "Mother, she left the mansion!" Mary Louise shouted frantically.  Lily snapped, "Must you shout like a dockman, young lady? Now, tell me what you are shouting about in a more ladylike voice."  Mary Louise took a deep breath and tried again, "The gemini witch is on the loose. We just did another locator spell."  Lily allowed herself a small smile. "That is lovely. Now, I have cakes to bake. The four of you can go pick her up. She couldn't have gotten far."  "Yes, ma'am," Mary Louise replied pleased at the prospect of cake.  "And Mary Louise, you bring back that witch or no cakes for you tonight," Lily warned.  "Yes, Mother," Mary Louise trembled as she eyed the kitchen. She wondered if the cakes would have icing. She hoped they did.  Twenty minutes later, Beau drove Mary Louise, Nora, and Valerie to near the Mikaelson Mansion. There were deep woods on all sides of the property.  "Let's split up and look. She's not a siphon. As long as two of us are together, she shouldn't be able to take us down," Valerie said with vitriol. When she caught this little witch, she would be lucky if she didn't bare her of every stitch and give her the hiding that Lily gave them for not bringing her back the first time.  Nora and Mary Louise were back together, so at least one good thing came from the blotched kidnapping. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Fell's ChurchJo had snuck out that night when everyone went to sleep. Kai had given her the door codes in conversation. She only had a backpack, she had taken some sandwiches, water bottles, and a few changes of clothes. She had helped herself to Freya's vervain supply, just in case.  Jo was surprised that she felt sad for leaving. As the gate opened and she cast an illusion spell to shadow it, just in case someone was looking, she considered turning back. But she had to get the ascendent. She had hidden it at an old church she found in the woods. She buried it in a cloth.  Jo hiked in the darkness for a while and then turned on a flashlight, she had stolen from the garage. She made it to the church and dug up the ascendent. She rested on a slab of old broken stone and dozed off for a few hours. It was cold and she was miserable. As she slept, she dreamt of her old life, when Kai was locked away.  "Oh my god, Rachael learned it from me," Jo said to herself. The meanness that Rachael showed her was what she had given to her own twin. That was why she could barely face him, them really. The truth was so awful. She was awful. Her parents had been afraid of her...that she would turn out to be a siphon or maybe reveal the truth about their coven. They were all murderers... Jo sat up on the stone. The truth hit her hard. The Gemini coven was cursed and for any of them to move forward, they would have to lift that curse.  Jo heard voices. She chanted the words for an amplification spell so she could hear. It was the Heretics. Those who hunted her.  It might work. She had no choice. For the curse to be lifted. Three siphons would not be enough. But maybe seven would be.  "Hello? I'm over here," Jo called out. Soon, Beau and Valeria had her by the arms.  "I won't fight you," Jo said as they cast a paralysis spell.  "Ah, that's a shame. Because I was looking forward to subduing you," Valeria said sweetly.  "You don't need to do this. I'm on your side. I want to help," Jo said as her limbs went weak.  "Beau, be a dear, and carry her. Mother will be as pleased as punch," Valerie purred. She'd give the little brat her comeuppance later.  After all, this was the witch who killed Oscar and Malcolm. Lily wouldn't forget about that so easily. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Lily's CottageAs Lily was icing the last cake, she heard the door open. "Ah, children. About time! Mother was getting worried," Lily chirped.  "You should be worried, Bitch. Me and my crew is gonna fuck you up. You killed my guys. And if Marcel ain't gonna do shit, I guess it's up to me," Diego raged.  "What are you? Young man, you have no right to be here. We have an alliance with the King of New Orleans now," Lily said sternly.  "I ain't with him no more. Fuck him. Him and his wolf daddy. The big bad wolf," Diego staggered. Lily heard more vampires break through the back door.  "You're drunk. I don't think you know what you are doing, sir. Please leave my little cottage and we'll say no more about it," Lily replied.  Just then, Lily heard a grunt and a crash. "Who else is here? We thought you were alone!" Diego slurred. The two vamps behind him went to investigate. Lily vamped to Diego and put him in a headlock.  Beau came out from the kitchen holding the severed head of a vampire. Nora and Valeria had siphoned the other two. Diego stomped on Lily's foot and broke loose. Mary Louise was dragging Jo in the front door. As Diego pulled a dagger from his boot and threw it at Lily, it's stopped in midair. Jo was holding it in place with her mind.  "Don't touch it," Jo gasped, "It's a dark object. The Blade of Despair, I think. It will make you commit suicide." Jo carefully lowered the blade to the ground. Even Diego was impressed, he gasped, "How the fuck did you do that?" Beau stomped over to kill him, but Lily stopped him.  "He's high up in Marcel Gerard's hierarchy, we best contact him now. Plus, we have Josette," Lily said looking at the young witch who just saved her.  "And I have the ascendent, but I need something from you," Jo said as she tried to get up.  "What, dear? You did just save my life," Lily smiled.  "You have to help siphon the curse from what is left of our coven, once we get the children out. That's the only way we can end this misery, the merging, and siphons being born. Please," Jo said urgently.  "Sure, dear. Now, how about tea and cake? Mary Louise, you and Nora can set the table while I get Jo into some proper clothing," Lily smiled.  But Diego wasn't having it, "I'm not going back to Marcel in shame. I have one more dark object I stole. The flames of the sun! Adios, freaks!"  Jo shielded herself, Lily, Mary Louise, Nora, and Valerie. Beau leapt on top of Diego to stop him. As he did, he, Diego, and the house blew up into a fireball that could be seen from miles around. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Tuesday, January 25, 2011Remnants of Lily's CottageAfter Diego blew up himself, Beau, and Lily's cottage, Jo released the spell. Unlike siphons, she drew her power from nature, and the very air around them seemed to implore.  Lily gasped, "Oh, my sweet Beau!" Valerie groaned, "No, he can't be gone. Girl, you saved our lives. Why?"  Jo looked around in wonder, "I don't know. I really don't know why I did that."  Mary Louise and Nora clung to each other a moment. Nora finally said, "Mother, we have to go. No one could have survived this blast."Mary Louise cried, "We have no where to go."  Lily pressed her lips together and tore her eyes from the spot where she last saw Beau.  "Yes, we do. We'll stay with my sons," Lily insisted.  Valerie panicked, "We can get a hotel."  Lily gave her a look, "Don't be ridiculous. The boarding house can accommodate us. Let's go. Just let me take some of Beau's....ouch." Lily tried to scoop some ashes into a piece of broken pottery, but it was too hot.  "The ascendent! Where's my bag?" Jo screamed.  "Here! Is this it?" Nora said picking up the leather messenger bag.  "Yes, thanks," Jo dug and found the ascendent.  "Maybe my sons can help with that, too," Lily said lightly.  Nora led them out, "Beau was always our driver. Jo, can you?"  "I don't have a license, but I guess I can manage," Jo said getting behind the wheel.  Lily directed her to the Salvatore Boarding House, a vast estate about ten minutes from the now destroyed cottage.  "So this was your home, Mother?" Mary Louise asked.  "No, dear. Our estate burned to the ground. The boys had this built later. It's nice, I suppose, but not like home," Lily frowned. She marched up to knock on the door.  Damon opened up the door, "Ah Mother, how nice not to see you. We thought you were dead, now get lost." Damon slammed the door in his mother's face. Lily spluttered, "Open this door right now." Just as Lily was about to open the door herself. Stefan opened it. "Mother, it's true," Stefan said happily. He embraced the mother he had so longed for.  "Stefan, it's a long story. I'm sorry I couldn't come earlier," Lily said.  "Who are these ladies?" Stefan asked as Lily made the introductions. He stopped dead when he saw Valerie.  "Hello, it's nice to meet you, Mr. Salvatore," Valerie said tightly.  "Oh, yes, Miss..., it is, please come in," Stefan added.  Lily found Damon, "Son, I am sorry about all this. It's quite a long story. Oh, you have company."  The man turned around and Lily's heart dropped.  "Lorenzo!" Lily burst and ran to hug him.  Damon was incredulous, "You two know each other?"  Enzo looked at Damon, "This is your mum? Lily? She's also my mother, in a sense."  "In a sense, I found you, Lorenzo and saved you. Then, I made you vampire. Yes, I believe that makes me your mother," Lily smiled tenderly.  Damon was in shock, "You're happier to see him then your own son?"  "He is one of my sons. Now, is there a bedroom I can stay in or are you going to throw me out?" Lily pressed.  "There's the door!" Damon fired back.  Stefan scolded, "Damon. Don't be rude. Of course, Mother, allow me." Damon rolled his eyes and poured himself another bourbon.  "Ladies, drink?" Damon offered.  Lily called, "Absolutely not. Ladies do not indulge in spirits. Girls, follow me. Lorenzo, you too. We need to catch up. I've missed you, darling."  Jo had been about to accept a drink from Damon when Valerie grabbed the glass. "You're a bit young, eh?" Valerie scoffed.  "What do you care?" Jo snapped.  "Come on, take a break," Valerie encouraged. Soon Stefan had situated the ladies into their own bedrooms, though Nora and Mary Louise elected to share one. Lily strongly suggested that they all take a bath and then nap before dinner. She mentioned to Stefan that they had no possessions and sent him with a list of things to buy.  "What? You're Lily's errand boy now-literary!" Damon smirked.  "No, I'm helping out a lady in distress. Damon, I know why you are hurt, but our mother is here. This is the moment we used to pray for, can't you be just a tiny bit happy if not for us, then for me," Stefan exclaimed.  "Stefan, you don't know her like you think you do. She's been out of that prison world, what? A week and we are only seeing her when she needs something. She's a user. And maybe it's you, Brother, that I don't want to see hurt again," Damon said taking another stiff drink. He had brought out his second best bourbon.  "Again? Damon, she died. She didn't mean to. Come on, would you give her a chance for me? Please," Stefan implored with his big eyes.  Damon had been protecting his brother from his mother's plots and plans for many years, now he would just have to continue to do it, but under the radar. He'd do it for Stefan, his still innocent, about who Lily really was, little brother. "Sure, Stef. Just don't mess up your hero hair when you are out there shopping for ribbons and lye soap or whatever weird shit she is having you buy," Damon grimaced.  "It looks like ingredients for her raspberry tart. Wasn't that your favorite?" Stefan smiled slyly.  "Yeah, when I was ten," Damon scoffed, "And before I develop a taste for blood!"  "Text me if you want anything," Stefan said as he vamped out the door.  "I just want my house back," Damon whined to an empty room as he took another drink.  "Damon, where's did Stefan just go?" Elena said coming out of the kitchen drying his hands.  "Oh, Mother sent her favorite on an errand," Damon shared tightly.  "Mother? As in Lily is back? Why didn't he tell me?" Elena asked in confusion.  "He was probably afraid mother dearest would put him in the corner if he didn't hop to it," Damon fumed.  "Damon, you're being mean. Stop," Elena scolded. "I still can't believe your mom is here! Please just stop the sarcasm."  "Only if you'll have a drink with me," Damon smiled offering her his bourbon.  "Damon, stop it. You know I'm too young," Elena said rolling her eyes.  "What's for dinner?" Damon asked.  "Chicken," Elena said simply.  "Again?" Damon complained.  Elena threw her dishrag at his face, which he easily caught.  "You cook. I do go to school all day," Elena said as she went back in the kitchen.  "Well, you better throw in another ten chickens because Mother brought company," Damon called, but he didn't know or care if Elena heard him. His mother and her family were not his concern, but Elena and Stefan were.  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Ric and Jenna's houseAfter School The first thing Erik heard getting out of Ric's car was the crying. He looked at Jeremy and Uncle Ric, but he could tell they couldn't hear it. Erik had been here once to pick up something quickly with Jeremy, but he hadn't been upstairs.  "This is nice. I like the porch," Erik said. He wondered what it would have been like to grow up in this house, like Jeremy did.  "It's nice to sit outside, but it's been too cold lately," Ric said grabbing Erik's and Jeremy's bags.  "I got it, Uncle Ric. Thanks," Erik said taking his bag.  "Jenna, the boys are here," Ric called.  "In here," Jenna yelled from the kitchen. One baby was in a carrier on the counter and she was holding one.  Jeremy told Erik to wash his hands before touching the twins. "Hi Erik, nice to see you," Jenna smiled. "Thanks for having us, Aunt Jenna. Hope we can help out," Erik said politely as he scrubbed his hands at the kitchen sink.  Jeremy scoffed, "I mean wash your hands in the bathroom."  Erik was embarrassed, "Oh, sorry. I didn't know."  Jenna frowned at Jeremy, "He's just being rude. You're fine, Erik. Grayson seems gassy today or something. So fussy."  Alaric was playing with Sommer in her carrier. "I can already tell she's a daddy's girl. I'm going to go shower." Ric kissed Jenna and walked upstairs. He tried not to interact too much with the infants before washing off all the school germs. Jeremy came out of the bathroom and asked Jenna if he could show Erik upstairs.  "Of course, Jer. We set Erik up in the guest room," Jenna said now trying to burp Grayson on her shoulder. "Boys, grab something to eat. There are sodas in the fridge."  Both boys took a bag of chips, some cans of Coke and an apple with them as they hefted their bags upstairs.  "Thank you," Erik said as Jeremy lead him upstairs. "This house looks real old."  Jeremy added, "Yeah, I think it is. My dad used to talk about it, but I didn't really pay much attention." Erik blinked and again wondered what it was like to grow up in this grand house with a dad. But then again, Jeremy had lost his parents, he was in the same boat with Erik now and it wasn't bad. Jeremy did a double take, "What, man? What's wrong? You have a weird look on your face."  Erik didn't know how to say what he was feeling. "Jer, it's just that this is a real nice place. Connor and I never really had a home. Sorry, I know you lost your parents, but it's kinda hard for me not to be jealous of what you had. I see all these pictures. Y'all look so happy," Erik finished.  "Yeah, I guess we were. After my parents died, I thought I would be better off dead. In my head, no one had it worse that Elena and me, but now I see that that's not true. We were lucky to have had my parents, even if it was only for a little while. And I'm sorry that you guys had it so rough, it's not fair," Jeremy conceded.  "It ain't your fault, but thanks all the same for saying that. Is that your sister's room?" Erik asked as he saw the big horse painting and a more feminine style. "Yeah, this bathroom connects our rooms," Jeremy said evenly.  "Wow, you had your own bathroom. Cool!" Erik commented. "I could not get in here, she was always doing her hair or makeup. There's another bathroom down the hallway by your room. Here, I'll show you," Jeremy shared.  "Here's where Finn and Henrik stayed. They broke the lamp in there jumping on the beds," Jeremy snickered.  "That ain't no surprise," Erik said laughing too.  "Here you go. Some privacy for once," Jeremy added.  "It's quiet up here," Erik remarked as he put his bag down on the bed.  Alaric came out of the master bedroom with damp hair and sporting sweatpants, "It won't be quiet at about 3am. Boys, get your homework down now. Dinner will be about 6pm, okay?"  "I don't have that much," Jeremy said.  "That's okay, but do it now, then you can relax. I have papers to grade, but I need to help Jenna and give her a break. Come down when you are done," Alaric said slipping out of the room.  "Want to bring your stuff in my room? You have have the desk and I'll take the bed. I lied, I have a shit ton of English tonight. How are you at writing persuasive essays?" Jeremy pressed.  "Okay, I guess. What's the topic?" Erik asked picking up his school bag.  "Some boring shit about school uniforms or something," Jeremy complained.  "Sounds boring," Erik agreed. Jeremy stared for a second in Elena's empty room before he shut the door. She should be here helping their aunt and uncle out, not shacking up with her boyfriend, or boyfriends as he thought of them.  "What's going on with Bonnie?" Erik asked as he settled down at Jeremy's desk.  "Nothing. Her dad took some time from traveling to like guard her. She's totally grounded and can't do anything. I think she puts a sleeping spell on him and still goes out with my sister and Caroline, but she won't do that shit for me. It's like we were getting along so well and then boom, we stall again," Jeremy shared.  "That sucks. I still keep thinking about those other cave vampires. Do you think our uncles cleared out the rest of them? God, if they got out, it would be really dangerous for this town," Erik postulated.  "We can't ever let that happen," Jeremy said as he began his essay that was due in two days. His draft had been due last week.  After dinner, Alaric took both twins up to bed. At only a few months, they still slept most of the time when they weren't eating. Jenna was loading the dishwasher and the boys were eating an apple pie that Jenna had bought from a bakery in town.  "Aunt Jenna, has Elena been around?" Jeremy asked causally.  Jenna looked confused, "Now that I think about it, no. She's been busy with Stefan and school, I suppose."  Jeremy reddened, "Don't you think that you should check in on her and make sure she is, you know, okay?"  Jenna retorted, "Jeremy, Ric and I are doing the best we can. If you haven't noticed, we're a little busy here on our own."  "Yeah, I noticed that you are a shitty guardian," Jeremy said under his breath.  Erik looked at his brother in surprise, "Jeremy! What the hell, man?"  Jeremy rolled his eyes,"Dude, she doesn't even give a fuck! Compelled or not, the one thing my Uncle John was right about was that Jenna is either lax or just a lazy ass parent with us."  "Shut the fuck up, Jeremy!" Erik growled grabbing Jeremy's arm. "Do I need to kick your stupid ass? Stop talking to her like that!" Erik was about to say more, when Ric came into the room. He let go of Jeremy suddenly. "Jeremy, get up to your room! How dare you come in this house and insult your aunt. Go!" Ric hissed in anger. Jeremy slammed down his fork and stomped out of the kitchen. Jenna had been standing there in shook, crying, "Ric, why did he say those things? I try so hard. My sister is dead, I can't fill Miranda's shoes, but I try...Oh my God, I'm a failure. Why don't the kids live here?"Jenna was so confused and distraught. She had lost her sister's children and she couldn't figure out why.  Ric folded Jenna in his arms, "He doesn't know what he's talking about. Ignore him, Babe."  Erik sat alone at the kitchen table quietly, "Uncle Ric, do you want me to um, help?" Ric knew Erik was offering to compel Jenna again. They did not know for sure if the Salavatore brothers had messed with her head, but there was a pretty good chance. Ric smiled wryly and said, "That's not necessary, I heard what you said, bud. I know you were trying to help, but you know better than to talk like that. Why don't you head up and take your shower, too. Tell Jeremy to get ready for bed also, please."  Erik picked up their places and took them to the sink and rinsed them. He put the dirty plates in the dishwasher. "That's for dinner, ma'am. It was real good. Sorry about all that. Jeremy's been out of sorts last couple of days. Woman trouble, maybe?" Erik surmised. Erik finished his thermos full of blood and took it to the sink and washed it out. Jenna knew he was a hybrid, but he didn't rub it in her face. She seemed oddly unaffected by the supernatural, as if it simply was not important.  "Well, he's going to have some butt trouble if he doesn't watch his step," Ric thundered.  "Oh Ric, don't be silly. The boys just got him. Little family tiff. He'll come around," Jenna smiled as she wiped her tears away. She wasn't entirely sure what she was so upset about...something about her sister? It was a blur.  Alaric made a 'go upstairs' motion to Erik and Erik picked himself up and left the room.  Erik said goodnight and headed up, "Jeremy, Uncle Ric said to get ready for bed. The both of us. If we get our tails' whupped because of your stupid ass temper, I swear..." Jeremy turned and Erik saw he was crying, "Something is wrong, Erik. I think my sister is...not my sister."  "What? What are you talking about, man?" Erik pressed.  "...Her diary, she never leaves it. I found it behind the horse painting where she hides it. Erik, she hasn't written a new entry for months. The last entry says that she felt like someone was watching her and that she was going to stay at the Lake House with Stefan. That's it," Jeremy said pointing to the entry in the diary.  "So, maybe she quit writing?" Erik wondered.  "Never. Elena wanted to be a writer since she was a kid. Erik, I'm scared. I have to find out more," Jeremy whispered.  "I'll help you. Just tell me what we need to do," Erik asked.  "First of all, we need Bonnie and she is trapped with her dad. Then, we need to talk to Elena, without Stefan around," Jeremy started.  Erik heard Ric coming, "Get in the shower quick. He ain't happy. Now, move." "Don't say anything about my sister, he'll just shut us down. He might be compelled like, Jenna," Jeremy whispered urgently. Ric barged in the open door, "I thought I told you two to get ready for bed. Now take your showers and get into your pajamas quickly! We're gonna have a talk."  "Uncle Ric, this is my bad. Erik has nothing to do with it," Jeremy begged.  "Erik knows not to talk like that. But you're right. You are in for it a lot worse than your brother. Now scoot before I give you a preview of the 'talk' we're going to have in about twenty minutes," Ric threatened.  Jeremy sulked a moment and then thought better of it. Their dad had warned them not to give Ric and Jenna any trouble and now look...too late."Yes, sir. Sorry, Erik," Jeremy stressed getting out his pajamas and going into the bathroom.  Erik really had been trying to help, "I'm going, sir. I don't need no preview."  Ric seemed to relent, "I don't like the language you used, but I do know you were trying to help. I'm going to send you to bed early, but how about after I have my 'discussion' with Jeremy, we'll all sit down and have a chat. I know you two are up to something."  "Okay," Erik said shyly. He pushed his longer blond hair behind his ear.  Ric pulled Erik into a brief hug, "This is why you need to cool off sometimes before you beat someone's backside. Sometimes you don't see things clearly at first. I didn't mean to take it out on you. I'm sorry."  "Uncle Ric, something is going on with Jeremy lately. I ain't saying what you shouldn't lick him, or even me, if you think we deserve it...but please if something is wrong, let us help," Erik pleaded.  "Like what would be wrong, Erik?" Ric pushed.  "I can't say. I'm going to go get ready for bed," Erik said vamping away.  "Erik! Tell me," Ric said to empty air.  Ric went to check on the twins and got Jenna upstairs and resting in their room. The nice thing about this house being old was the thick walls. Ric went downstairs and made Jenna some tea and brought it up to her, then he went to Jeremy's room.  Jeremy was on his bed staring at the ceiling.  Ric said calmly, "I think we both cooled off a little. Jenna is fine. I think it's pretty obvious that she's been compelled. Jeremy, she instantly forgot what you said to you. A vampire set her to do that. Ready to talk?" "Yeah, Uncle Ric, I guess so. It's kind of weird for me to be in here waiting for me to, you know, get it in my old room again," Jeremy smiled slightly.  "Jeremy, I'm sorry. Maybe I was a little hasty in threatening to punish you like that. Sometimes I forget how difficult this must be for you being in your old house like this.  Everything I've ever heard about your parents were wonderful," Ric shared.  "Well, even about my dad being an Augustine?" Jeremy added.  "I mean about what kind of parents they were to you. Jenna talks about them like they were the best parents on earth. Kind, patient, and loving. I know wherever they are right now, they are very proud of you," Ric said sitting on the desk chair near the bed.  "Yeah, well, I don't know Uncle Ric, they let me get away with a lot. They never even smacked me one time. Maybe I never acted up like I do now. I shouldn't have yelled at Aunt Jenna like that," Jeremy said guiltily.  "I'll be honest, my parents didn't put up with that kind of crap. If I talked like that to an adult, I would have been sporting a sore ass the rest of the week," Ric laughed.  "You make it seem like you got spanked all the time when you were a kid, Uncle Ric," Jeremy mentioned.  "It's cause I did get spanked all the time," Ric admitted. "To be honest, I was a little bit of a handful at times. Not a bad kid, but I was hard headed and stubborn."  Erik came in, "Uncle Ric, Jer, what are y'all talking about?"  Ric laughed, "I was just about to tell Jeremy about the day I got my butt beat for the first time, but not the last..."  Boston, Massachusetts1982 "Alaric, you march yourself back down to that bus stop right now," Louise Saltzman repeated to her recalcitrant son. She would walk him but she still had rollers and her house dress on. The other kids were all there. Alaric had spent the day before digging in the mud of their suburban home backyard looking for Indian arrowheads and old coins. He had only found the corpse of a mole and an old aluminum can, Alaric was convinced that he would soon find true treasure in the soil of their yard. The year before, when he was five, his grandparents had taken him to see Raiders of the Lost Ark. From that day forward, all he wanted to be was an archeologist.  "But Mommy, I have work to do! Real work," Alaric argued. He didn't have time for kindergarten. He already knew how to read and the only thing he found in the sandbox at recess was what the neighborhood cats left behind.  "I'm going to do some real work on your behind if you miss that bus again. Daddy is still mad at all those holes you dug in the yard yesterday. I mean it, mister, you are this close to getting a real spanking!" Louise announced. Since he started school, she noticed that maybe he husband was right and that she had babied the boy. She wouldn't let his father smack him yet. He was just too little. She watched her son another second and then went back inside to answer the phone.  Alaric scowled and stomped forward swinging his lunch box back and forth. He saw the other kids from the neighborhood at the bus stop. All they did was made fun of his name and say it wrong. The more he corrected them, the more they laughed and said it wrong. They weren't very smart. His shovel! He had forgotten his special shovel for show-and-tell. Mommy had taken it to wash and forgot to give it back. Alaric turned and stomped back to his house.  "Mommy! You forgot to give me my shovel!" Alaric shouted at he slammed back in through the front door.  Louise turned red. "Marge, I've got to go. That boy of mine is gonna get his first licking...Yes, goodbye."  Alaric's eyes got big. A licking? It was his mommy's fault that he had to come back. He turned and went back out to the porch, but Louise was faster.  "That's it. Enough of this nonsense," Louise fumed. She maneuvered her son to the side and held his arm tightly as she cracked her small hand down on the seat of his thick corduroy pants. Thud. Alaric shifted, "Mommy! Stop. I need my shovel."  Louise realized this wasn't working, "For the love of Pete..." She removed her son's backpack and began to unbutton his pants quickly.  Alaric wanted to ask who Pete was but then he felt a coolness as his cords were pulled down, revealing his red Superman underoos. It happened so fast that he didn't know what was happening until he felt the second whack. Crack! "Owwww," Alaric moaned as he felt his mother's hand swat him harder. Whack! Whack! Whack! "Stop!" Alaric yelled out.  "Son, I told you to march down to that bus stop!" Louise said giving him another sharp swat, this time on the bare thigh. She smacked him on the other leg under his underpants. Swat! Swat! This elicited a real yelp that told her that she was getting through finally. As Louise was ready to stop the brief, impromptu spanking, she heard the roar of the bus.  "Darn it to heck," she muttered as she struggled in vain to pull up Alaric's pants. Alaric twisted and turned.  "Look, Aleeeric is getting a whoopin'," they heard some boy holler out of the window as the bus passed.  "Mommy! I missed the bus," Alaric said now starting to cry.  "If you would have obeyed me, you would have been on that bus," Louise said as she dragged her son inside. She sat on the couch and removed his backpack completely and stood him in front of her.  "When Mommy tells you to do something, you are to do it. Do you understand?" Louise lectured.  "Yessss, but I needed my shovel," Alaric said nervously.  "You are going to get a spanking for coming back from the bus stop. I told you to go straight to the stop and you came back again," Louise said crisply.  "But my shovel!" Alaric wailed, now crying over the prospect of getting his first spanking.  "It's in your backpack!" Louise took out the red plastic toy and waved it. She put it on the couch beside her. "Don't pull down my pants," Alaric begged.  "Your pants didn't misbehave, did they?" Louise asked. She winced as she just heard her own mother speak out of her mouth.  "No! No!" Alaric cried as Louise yanked down his underoos with his trousers. She flipped her boy over her lap completely so his legs were suspended in the air, but his bottom was right over his knee.  Tap. Louise tapped his rear lightly. She hated to do this, but her husband was right. The boy was starting to rule the roost. Everyone said only children were spoiled, but she had been in denial until today. Alaric just didn't listen to her.  Tap. Louise smacked his bare behind slightly harder. Nothing. Spank! Spank! Spank! "Are you feeling this?" Louise asked. Louise picked up the plastic shovel. Alaric twisted to see what she was doing. Whack! Whack! "Noooo," he bellowed. The neighbors would think she was killing the boy. Whack! Whack! Alaric was now kicking and thrashing to get off her lap. Whack! Whack! Louise was walloping him with the little plastic shovel all over. Apparently, it stung more than her hand, but she was hardly tapping him hard.  Whack! Whack! Louise stopped and noticed a slight pinkness emerged on the otherwise white cheeks. She heard Alaric crying heavily. She wasn't sure she could ever do this again to her little man. She lifted him up and pulled up his pants. That stung and he wailed louder a minute.  "Okay, enough. What a fuss! Come here, baby. All done," Louise sat her boy on her lap. She glanced out the screen door almost as if to make sure no one saw her spoiling the boy again. Tears were dripping down his face. "Shh, let me wipe off your face," Louise cooed. She rocked her son and was surprised at how fast he stopped crying. "Sorry, Mommy," Alaric whispered.  "I love you," Louise replied petting him and rubbing his back.  "Are you going to tell Daddy I was bad?" Alaric trembled.  "You can tell Daddy at supper. Don't worry, baby. I'll tell him you were punished," Louise smiled.  "But he said if I got in trouble at school-," Alaric began.  "Little man, you didn't get in trouble at school, did you? You got spanked for not listening, but it's over and you are all forgiven. You're not in trouble anymore. Now, let's wash your face again. We'll ask Mrs. White if we can use her car to get you to school," Louise said. She didn't have a car of her own, but the neighbor lady often let her borrow her old Chevy.  Louise fixed Alaric's clothes and picked up his backpack. "Ready, Son?" she asked.  Alaric nodded, he felt a little tired but he didn't want to miss playtime.  They walked out the door before Louise remembered, "Oh, no, we almost did forget your shovel!"  Alaric balked and then chirped, "That's okay, Mommy. I don't think I want to be an archeologist anymore. I was thinking about becoming a dinosaur hunter..." Saltzman Residence2011"So that's why you never became an archeologist? Because your mom spanked you with a toy shovel?" Jeremy laughed.  "Yup, I couldn't ever look at that thing again after it graced my bare butt. I'm not saying I didn't deserve it, but it ruined my career before it ever started," Alaric quipped.  "Did the kids on your bus ever call you by your name?" Erik asked.  "No, and they made fun of me for getting spanked on the porch for the rest of that week until someone else threw up on the bus. That was a tough crowd," Ric shared.  "So, was that the only time you got it from your mom?" Jeremy asked.  "Heck no, that was the first. She realized after then spanking how much better behaved I was. Then, she let my dad start putting me over his knee when I acted up. Those spankings were a little different from the love taps from mom, but enough about me. Now are you boys ready to tell me what's going on in your heads. I shared! Now, it's your turn to be honest," Ric chided.  Jeremy looked at Erik, "Fine. I think that something major is wrong with Elena. She's either like possessed or I don't know, something is wrong."  Ric took a deep breath, "I guess it's time you found out the truth."  "The truth?" Jeremy choked out.  "Yes. That's not your sister, Jeremy. It hasn't been for a while now," Alaric admitted.  Erik was confused, "Then, who is it?"  Alaric winced, "It's Katherine. Katherine Pierce. Also, known as Katerina Petrova." Then, a baby started crying and Jeremy sat there in stunned silence.
  
    Chapter Text
    Tuesday, January 25, 2011Ric and Jenna's HouseErik excused himself after the shocking revelation that Katherine Pierce was posing as Elena, leaving Ric and Jeremy to talk privately. Jeremy thought he was going to pass out for a moment. If that wasn't his sister, then where was the real Elena?  "Uncle Ric, where is my sister? Please tell me," Jeremy countered hotly  "I can't say, Jeremy. I am sorry. It's for your safety and hers. Damon and Stefan have her...hidden. She's in a place safe from vampires," Ric said with confidence.  "No, that's not good enough. I've known something was off for months. Did they compel me? Tell me!" Jeremy said, his voice rising higher.  Ric glanced out the door, "I've got to check on the twins. Just calm down, Son. I'll be back in a minute."  Jeremy stood up to block his path, "I'm not your damn son. Fuck! Just tell me now. I mean it! Is she alive?"  "Yes, Jeremy, she's fine. Now move, Jenna is sleeping. Give me two minutes," Ric said trying to gently move Jeremy aside.  Jeremy grasped Ric's arms tightly and there was a brief scuffle.  Ric was stronger than the teen and sat Jeremy on the bed, "Now settle down, dammit. I'll tell you what I know."  A horrifying thought occurred to Jeremy, "Does my dad know about this?"  "I don't know how to answer that, Jeremy. Now sit and I'll be back," Ric answered as he turned to tend to his crying infant. Jeremy rose up and tried to stop Ric again, he hit Ric in the mouth with his elbow causing blood to trickle out the side.  "Jeremy, I am going to blister your backside. Now sit on the bed and wait for me until I get back," Ric hissed harshly as he wiped the blood from his mouth. He was shocked that Jeremy had elbowed him.  But he looked at Jeremy and knew it had been an accident. "I didn't mean to!" Jeremy cried as he covered his face with his hands. Ric gave him a quick look and went to the nursery. Erik was holding Sommer and trying to comfort her.  When he saw Ric coming, he was alarmed.  "Uncle Ric, your lip is bleeding!" Erik said handing Ric the baby.  "Yeah, I know. Jeremy got upset and hit me. Thanks for looking after the baby. I gave Jenna some tea to help her sleep," Ric said as he check Sommer's diaper and began to deftly change her.  "Well, I reckon they are my cousins, huh? Sorry, Uncle Ric, Jeremy's never done nothing like this before, " Erik noted.  "I know. He's upset, but...Erik, can you keep an ear out in case the twins wake up for a little while longer. Jenna fed them, but you never know when they are going to wake up. I'd appreciate it if I could have some uninterrupted time with Jer," Alaric pointed out.  "Sure, no problem," Erik said plopping down in the rocking chair.  "You can go in your room. Believe me, if they wake up, you'll hear them. Thanks, buddy," Alaric said putting Sommer back down and patting her on the back.  He put her on her back and touched her little hand. "I can do that. I don't mind," Erik said. Erik gently gripped her hand and smiled at her.  "Thanks," Ric said patting Erik on the back gratefully.  Ric found Jeremy's room empty. Just as he was about to panic, the door to the bathroom opened. Jeremy came out drying his face. He looked at Ric miserably as he saw the blood on his mouth. Jeremy grabbed a washcloth and wet it slightly before handing it to Ric. "Thanks," Ric said, "Sit down, Jeremy."  Jeremy sat back down on his bed. "Your sister Elena is descended from a long line of the Petrova doppelgängers. Katherine fled from Klaus centuries ago, she killed herself and turned vampire to avoid being the sacrifice in the ritual to turn your dad back into a hybrid. He has been hunting her for revenge for centuries. Before Katherine died, she had a daughter, hence the continuation of the line. Doppelgängers are very rare and sought after by witches and those who would seek favor with your dad.  Even those who might not know she is under his protection may try to kidnap her to bring her to him. Elena is in a great deal of danger," Ric started.  "I know all this. But my dad said the Salavatores could keep her safe!" Jeremy spat bitterly.  "That's what they are doing, Jeremy. Katherine has been posing on and off as Elena. Katherine is infamous among vampires, so when they see Elena, of course they assume she is Katherine. Katherine has screwed over a lot of vampires, so that is another way Elena is in peril. Jeremy, I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner. I wanted to,  but it is dangerous," Ric explained.  "I'm her brother and a hunter! I should be helping to keep her safe," Jeremy shouted.  Ric glanced at the door, "Keep your voice down. You need to calm down. Elena has a lot of powerful people trying to keep her safe, including your dad and Uncle Elijah." "So my fucking dad did know! I can't believe this. I've been worried sick for months and no one said a damn word to me. It all makes sense now.  Was I compelled too?" Jeremy wondered.  "Jeremy, I don't know the details. I let myself be compelled so I wouldn't know the plan. Believe me, Damon and Stefan are on top of this.  There are times when it really is Elena, they switch places," Ric admitted.  Jeremy was enraged, "That's why Bonnie couldn't tell...Because sometimes it really is Elena. That makes sense. But fuck this, I shouldn't have been kept in the dark!"  "Jeremy, I understand your anger, but this isn't about you. It's about your sister's life and things that have been going on for 500 years. Getting pissed and causing a fit aren't going to help convince your dad and me that you are mature enough to start training to be a hunter," Ric lectured.  "My dad is just bullshitting me. He's never going to let me do anything important. I'm just a puny human to him. I need to just take things in my own hands from now on. I'm going over to the boarding house," Jeremy announced.  "You are not. Now, sit back down and be reasonable," Ric warned.  Jeremy scowled and started to change.  "Jeremy, I'm going to count to three and if you aren't back in your pajamas and in bed....," Ric growled.  "I'm not a kid anymore. You guys need to back the fuck off," Jeremy snapped trying to pull on his jeans.  "I guess that's a three," Ric said as he got up. "I never really finished my story. Let me show you what my daddy did when I was about your age and I couldn't get it together." Ric grabbed Jeremy and wrestled him over to the bed. Jeremy was surprised as he easily Ric seemed to maneuver him. Jeremy found himself facedown on his bed with his jean already half down.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  Ric's large hand easily covered the seat of Jeremy's white briefs. "Okay, okay, forget it. I'll go later, not tonight," Jeremy conceded. He thrashed and tried to turned but Ric had his knee on his back lightly.  "I used to think I was too old for this, but Buddy, believe me, you're not," Alaric scolded as he continued to swat Jeremy's covered rear with quick taps. The boy was distraught and Ric didn't think he needed much to get through to him. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  Jeremy's tears came quickly out of frustration and anger.  "It's not fair, Uncle Ric. It's just not fair," Jeremy began to wail.  Ric continued the punishment, but replied, "I know, Jer. It never is." Ric didn't know if Jeremy was referring to his parents dying, his sister being in so much danger, or no one telling him, but it could be all three together.  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  "Stooooop," Jeremy finally started to yelled as he pounded his fists in the bed and kicked his feet onto the floor.  "I should tell you the story of how I called my dear mother a bad name and told her I didn't have to listen to her anymore. Or I can show you what happened," Ric said as he transferred his arm to hold Jeremy as he sat. He pulled him over his lap and yanked down his briefs. Jeremy howled louder to feel his bare butt exposed.  Ric smacked Jeremy on the center of his behind. Whack! Whack! Whack! "OWWWW. Nooo, just let me go," Jeremy sobbed. Smack! Smack! Whack! Ric cracked him again lightly in the same spot after a brief pause. He wanted this to sink in. Jeremy could get Elena hurt, maybe he had been wrong to tell him the truth, but Ric was hoping he was mature enough to handle it. Whack! Whack! Whack! "Actually, I got the old razor strap that time, but... I vowed I never use that on anyone, so my hand will have to do.  I was even going to let you mouthing off to your aunt go, you popping me in the mouth go, but I'm not going to let you run off to Damon and Stefan like this. It's not safe. You're out of control. You can't act like an out of control brat right now, Jer," Ric said smacking him hard one last time. Crack! Jeremy's mind was blank, all he could focus on was the burning on his behind. He was tired of crying, but couldn't stop. There was something about being in this room, on this bed that made him more emotional. It was odd, though he missed his deceased parents, he really wanted his dad right now.  That made his cry harder.  "Are you going to tell my dad?" Jeremy wept. He realized that his uncle had stopped smacking him and he tried to turn.  "Yeah, I think we need to talk when he gets back. It's long overdue. Jeremy, you know, you dad was worried about you, that's why he wanted you here," Alaric said softly.  "I m-miiisss him," Jeremy stumbled. He also missed his Uncles Kol and Elijah. A part of him just wanted to go home, to the mansion. Jeremy teared up to think of the other guys.  "Let's get these off," Alaric helped Jeremy pull off the half on jeans and pulled up his underwear. He sucked in his breath and then realized that Alaric had been going easy on him.  It stung, but Jeremy didn't feel much of an ache or lingering sting. That made him realize how he was acting.  "Uncle Ric, sorry, it's not your fault. Thanks for telling me," Jeremy said in a rough voice.  "You're welcome. It's okay. I guess you never heard the saying 'don't shoot the messenger'?" Ric smiled.  "No, I have. I guess I just want to see Elena and make sure she is really okay," Jeremy confessed.  "You will, Jer, when it's safe for her," Alaric said.  Jeremy stood and put back on his pajama pants.  Alaric pulled him to him, "Look, I promise you, if you want to train and all that, I will help you. Your dad does trust you, but it's hard for any parent to let go. Jeremy, it's dangerous out there. I know you don't always see that. Now, do you think we can have a night tomorrow when you visit and I don't have to bust anyone's butt?" Alaric smiled hugged Jeremy.  "You didn't hit me that hard," Jeremy admitted.  "That can be fixed if you clock me again or smart off to Jenna, so behave," Alaric said tapping Jeremy's upper thigh in warning.  "Can Erik sleep in here with me? Sometimes after we get in trouble....well, I don't like to sleep alone," Jeremy said shyly.  "Sure, I'll go get Erik. He's babysitting," Alaric said proudly.  "Wow, really?" Jeremy grinned.  "Yup. I love you. I'm sorry it was a rough night, but tomorrow will be better. You know the truth now, that's never bad, right," Alaric pointed out.  "Will you tell us another story tomorrow night?" Jeremy asked.  "Like about me getting the tar whaled out of me? There was the time we unleashed a truckload of mature in the principal's office for a prank...Another where I got in a fist fight in a bar, when I was 15, and almost got arrested. Oh, the time I stole fireworks from a store and stuffed them down my pants, let's just say, the twins are almost a miracle...." Ric shared.  "How about the time you almost burned down your grandfather's barn?" Jeremy smiled.  "Almost? I did burn it down. Tomorrow, then. I'll get Erik," Alaric promised.  "Uncle Ric, you're not going to tell Aunt Jenna that you spanked me again, are you? I mean, it might really upset her," Jeremy added.  "I am not going to lie to my wife, Jeremy. But I don't want to embarrass you either. Let's just agree to not mention it, but if she asks us, we spill it, okay?" Ric suggested.  "Okay, that's fair. Honestly, it is embarrassing and I don't want her fussing over me. Plus, I know she doesn't know any of this stuff. It's not safe, right?" Jeremy repeated.  "Right. Jeremy, I'm glad you know. This isn't a secret that was easy to keep from you," Ric said leaving quietly. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Salvatore Boarding House"How's it going with your mother?" Elena said to Stefan anxiously.  "It is odd. She seems happy to be here, but grief stricken over this Beau chap dying. Damon is the one making me nervous. He's so hurt by all of this, but of course, he would rather die than admit it," Stefan whispered.  "I wish I could stay, but it's my turn at the Lake House," Elena groaned. In truth, it was nice there, but she didn't like being away from Stefan.  Stefan winced, "I hate it when Katherine is you. It's awful. She's just so awful.""Just a little while longer and then we should have enough blood stored up for Katherine to be able to take it and go. I just pretend that I am a doctor when I hook myself up. It's more fun that way," Elena joked.  "I hate that you have to give Katherine your blood. It's like we have to pay her to protect you when the whole damn reason you need protecting is because of Katherine!" Stefan stomped.  "Stefan, it's fine. Once I do this, Katherine promised she would leave forever," Elena reminded him.  Stefan looked at his phone, "Alaric texted that Jeremy knows. He was really upset, but Ric got him calmed down."  Elena sighed, "I'm happy he knows. The last time I saw him I tried to tell him and couldn't. it was too hard. Everyone thinks I'm such a bitch. Once Katherine leaves town again, we'll all be better off."  "Ready to do this, Elena? I just wanted to see what boring outfit you were wearing tonight," Katherine scoffed.  "Don't start, Katherine," Stefan ordered.  "Stefan, we're going to have so much fun with your mother here. I can't wait," Katherine giggled.  "Katherine, you promised not to mess up my life. Hold up your end of the bargain and I'll hold up mine," Elena repeated.  "You're both so dull. No wonder you like each other. I do wonder what your mother is up to, though, Stefan. I overheard something about a prison world, some chap named Julian, and the Phoenix Stone," Katherine threw out.  "I don't know or care about any of that, Katherine. Now go back to the attic until Elena can leave, please," Stefan demanded.  "Or you'll do what, Stefan? Hmm, do tell," Katherine taunted with big eyes.  "Or he'll throw your ass in the vampire cave where you should have been the last 145 years," Damon added barging in the room.  "Doesn't anyone knock anymore?" Elena said sharply.  "Ah, everyone seems to forget that this is my house!" Damon continued.  "Your house?" Stefan pressed.  "Fine. Our house. Now, how the hell are we going to get Lily out of here. She is now sucking in Enzo into her creepy little family.  Wasn't the man tortured enough?" Damon spat.  Stefan hated to agree with Damon, "We could help them get another house. This place is big enough for us all, but Mother and you seem destined to bump heads. Are there any foreclosures nearby?"  Damon thought, "No that I know of, but I'm not a realtor. I'll make some calls. I mean, Lily is really weird with her so-called family. She treats them like they are five. Plus, they are all blathering over some dude name Beau, a mute?"  Katherine twirled her hair around her finger, "Interesting. Your own father killed you and now your own mother abandons you and adopts all these vampire children. Damon, you're jealous, aren't you?"  "Jealous? Of what? Mommy yelling at me to take my elbows off the table? The woman is dead and dead to me. Now, help me get rid of them or she will annoy the hell out of you, too, Katherine," Damon insisted.  "Fine. What would you like me to do?" Katherine asked coyly.  "Piss her off. Try to get her to want to leave. Make her uncomfortable," Damon prompted.  Stefan cringed, "That might not be a good idea. She thinks Katherine is Elena, so Katherine had to act like Elena..."  "I work best behind the scenes. Give me some credit, Stefan. Elena, you better head to the Lake House now. I have a plan to execute. Plan "Get Rid of Lily" is on the board. Give me two day and they will be fleeing from this place," Katherine giggled. She did love a good challenge.  Elena rolled her eyes, "She's liking this too much. Stay out of it, Stefan. I love you." Stefan nodded and returned the kiss. He also hated to agree with Katherine, but Stefan wanted Valerie out of the house almost as much as Damon wanted Lily out.  Enzo came to the door as Katherine vamped to the closet. The handsome British vampire thought he saw something, but he chalked it up as his imagination.  "Pardon me, lads. Lily would like to know if you have a bible she can have. Also, she would like to see the two of you in her room before you retire for the evening," Enzo revealed. Stefan said, "Ah, fine. I'll grab her a bible. We'll swing by around 9 then. Thanks, Enzo."  "Sure, mate," Enzo said vamping back to Lily.  "See, she's here a few hours and already making demands. What's next? I can't play until I clean my room?" Damon complained. Stefan decided to ignore that.  "Elena, you better go. This might not turn out well. I love you, be safe," Stefan said softly. They kissed again as both Katherine and Damon watched.  Elena headed to the Lake House and Katherine became Elena. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Tuesday, January 25, 2011Salvatore Boarding HouseJo couldn't believe she was in another mansion. The floors looked like some kind of old wood and there was a huge oriental carpet. She was in a giant bed in another big room, alone. The day was weird and she felt lonely. Valerie was sort of nice to her. But Nora and Mary Louise scared her. Lily was so prim and proper that it made Jo want to gag.  The other vampires in the house, Damon and Stefan, hadn't spoken to her. Enzo only talked to Lily. Since the boarding house just blew up, no one mentioned the prison world, Julian, or getting the kids out. Jo wondered if anyone had missed her. With Freya gone, she doubted it.  Tap, tap, tap.  Jo lifted her head, "Who is it?"  "It's Elijah. May I come in, Jo? Are you decent?" Elijah said through the heavy wooden door.  Elijah? Jo scurried out of the bed, but the door opened quickly.  "Josette! We were worried, I was worried. What were you thinking?" Elijah said coming towards her.  "I, I didn't want to be somewhere I wasn't wanted," Jo stuttered.  "Jo, please tell me what happened? When we heard about the explosion, I was worried. Your brother and sisters said nothing was amiss," Elijah prodded. "I just happened to hear about Lily coming here through the grapevine and then called Damon."  Jo was torn, she didn't know what to say. She thought of Freya and thought about her kindness, maybe they deserved the truth.  Plus, Jo had nothing to lose. She could have been killed today and no one would have even really known why she left.  "Rachael threatened to kill me," Jo said simply.  "What?" Elijah asked in horror.  "She hates me and wants me gone. In a way, I can't blame her, I let them lock Kai away and get rid of the twins. Maybe it is all my fault?" Jo said looking up at Elijah's face.  Elijah came closer, "Josette, please look at me. Whatever you did, whatever you have done, you were a child. You are a child.  What happened to your coven is a curse. If anyone can lift it, it is Freya, Davina, Bonnie, and you and your siblings. Together."  "Really? Do you think there is a chance?" Jo asked afraid to even hope.  "Yes, I do. I have seen stranger things happen. Plus, to get the children out of the prison world, that might be more difficult without a strong natural event like a comet. Now, get your things. Let's go home," Elijah said simply.  "What about Lily?" Jo asked timidly.  "I spoke to her. We'll work together to get the children out. We also want to make sure that this Julian isn't some kind of rogue monster. Now, hurry. We're going to have a little talk with your sister when we get home," Elijah revealed.  "Is she in trouble?" Jo asked as she gathered her backpack.  "Not with me. I think she needs to see that you are not the enemy, though," Elijah added. Jo followed Elijah through the large house quietly and quickly. She didn't care if she ever saw these people again. Mikaelson Mansion "Daddy, you're back!" Finn grinned running to Elijah. Elijah scooped him up.  "I brought Jo back," Elijah said as he opened the door to her room.  "Thanks," she replied.  "I have an idea. Would you like to move into the girls' bedroom?" Elijah asked with a smile.  "Ah, sure," Jo said, not sure what he was up to.  "Let's go. Finn, go start getting ready for bed. It's getting late," Elijah said putting him down.  Elijah opened the elevator and let Jo get on first, he stepped in next and then went to the fourth floor.Ric and Jenna's House8:47pm"So you're still in one piece. Well, ain't that something," Erik said coming in Jeremy's room.  Jeremy smiled a little, "I kinda lost it, man. I elbowed Uncle Ric in the face. "Yeah, I saw his face. You're lucky he didn't whip the hide off you, boy," Erik said throwing himself down on the bed. It was a double bed and big enough for both of them he thought.  Jeremy admitted, "He went easy on me, but who knows if I'll get it again from Dad. I actually feel better knowing, like I was starting to think my sister didn't care about me at all."  Erik laughed, "Now I know what that feels like. And Dad ain't gonna give it to you again. I mean, you had a right to be a little worked up, right?"  "I guess. And Penny? I think she's getting better. I mean, she did kick me for no reason, but there is some hope. She's just a kid," Jeremy yawned.  "You want me to bunk in here?" Erik asked.  "Do you care?" Jeremy asked looking over at him. Jeremy didn't want to be alone. If Erik wasn't here, he'd call Uncle Kol or even Tyler to pick him up. No offense to Ric or Jenna, but he needed a brother to talk to. "Nah, just don't try to cuddle with me in the middle of the night or I'll sock you in the mouth," Erik joked.  Jeremy hit him in the face with a pillow, "Here,  Let's go to bed. I'm tired and we still have to go to school tomorrow." "Night. Glad it kind of worked out," Erik said.  "Thanks, me, too.  Night," Jeremy said turning out the light.  First, one baby started crying and then the other. Jeremy turned the light back on.  "Does Tyler know what he is facing?" Jeremy asked.  "Nope," Erik said honestly. Mikaelson Mansion"What the hell?" Rachael gasped when Elijah came in with Jo. She was in a t-shirt and shorts that she slept in reading a magazine in bed.  "You have a new roommate," Elijah said in a level voice.  "Jo, you're back!" Dana said getting up.  "Yeah, I had kind of a crazy day, but I'm back now," Jo said simply.  "You don't say," Rachael said in an even tone.  "Girls, I just want to make this very clear that the only way you are going to lift the curse on your coven and get your younger siblings out of the prison world is by working together. I know that there have been old hurts and grievances. But sometimes you have to put that aside for family. Does that make sense?" Elijah shared.  "Yes, I guess," Dana said politely.  "Rachael, what about you?" Elijah asked pointedly.  "I will put my feelings aside for the sake of the younger kids because they are innocent," Rachael ground out.  "The rest of you are innocent, too," Elijah said seriously. "Even Josette."  "But,-" Rachael started.  Kai knocked and came in, "I heard you were back, Josette. Can we talk? Uncle Elijah, you don't have to stay. Thanks, though." Elijah hesitated a brief moment, not sure if he could leave without fear of them killing each other. "Don't stay long, remember in bed before 10," Elijah reminded all of them. They waited until the elder vampire had left before speaking.  "I told myself I was leaving because Rachael threatened to kill me. But I am realizing that the real reason I left was because it's too hard to face all of you. Face how I behaved when I was designated at the next leader, face how I didn't lift a finger to save any of you. I have to live with that forever. But like Elijah said, if we want to get the kids out, we have to work together to lift this curse and open the prison world," Jo articulated.  Kai had glared at Rachael, while Dana looked at her in surprise. "I only said what you two were thinking, but were too scared to say. Jo, you never even tried to apologize. It's like you don't care," Rachael fumed.  "What does it matter? The past is over, nothing can bring Mom or Dad back, or even the coven," Kai argued.  "You want me to say it, I am sorry. I would give anything to change things, but would any of it mattered?" Jo defended.  Dana spoke up, "It might have mattered to Kai. He was locked in that room, all alone and then in that prison world. I was sold to Guerrera werewolves. Do you know Penny and I can't even really remember what they did to us? They probably wanted to use us as weapons. And in all that time, all the important people in our lives were kissing your ass." "Did the kids ask about us? Our friends? Did they wonder where the fuck we disappeared to? Did you tell them we were dead? It hurts, Jo. To be erased from your own life like that by your own family. And to have your older sister show up to try to merge with the brother that you rescued? It's fucking painful," Rachael said with tears running down her face freely.  Jo wept, "What was I supposed to do? Tell me. From the second we could talk we were taught to fear siphons. Then, Kai was one, then you guys. I was afraid of you, okay? The truth is that I was relieved that you were gone."  The truth stunned the siblings for a moment.  "And they told people we died?" Dana confirmed.  "Yes, you were dead in a sense. I didn't know what happened to you guys. Dad said it was better if I didn't ask. I had to be strong if the coven was to survive. You know how he talked. I wasn't allowed to feel anything except what a good leader would. I should have tried harder," Jo sobbed as she sat on a bed and put her head in her hands.  Kai implored Dana and Rachael, "She's right. What could she have done? Just like it's not our fault we are siphons, it's not her fault that she's not a siphon. Guys, we have to grow up and be mature about this. If we don't, the younger kids will rot in that prison world. Not physically, but mentally."  Dana and Rachael looked at each other and seemed to communicate silently. "Fine, Jo, I won't kill you, okay?" Rachael concurred.  Jo wiped her face and muttered, "Ah, thanks."  Dana added, "Then, we'll help lift this curse. No more siphons dying and no more merges, ever."  "Thank you. I really am sorry. Kai, especially to you, you are my twin and I turned my back on you," Jo reported shamefully.  "It's over. Let's make a pact to focus on the future, if not for our sake, then for the sake of our younger siblings," Kai proposed holding out his hand.  Dana stuck in her hand, "For the kids." Jo swiped her arm over her eyes, "To the future." Rachael rolled her eyes and then got serious, "For all of us." She put in her hand. Kai put his hand over theirs and squeezed gently, "We cannot fail. Now, I better get out of here. And Rachael, no murdering tonight. You promised."  Rachael smirked, "I know. She's safe. To forgive is divine and all that."  Kai nodded and looked at Dana, "Keep an eye out." Then he vamped away.  "What's his hurry?" Jo asked in confusion.  "Bedtime. You better get ready now or else," Dana warned.  Rachael thought of something, "Hey, you didn't tell Elijah that I said I was going to kill you, did you?"  "Um, I might have. He didn't seem to care. Why?" Jo asked changing into her night clothes.  Dana whistled., "Freya will care."  Rachael bristled, "Jo can tell her I was joking."  Dana laughed, "Face it, your ass is grass. You're in for it." "Shut up, bitch," Rachael said getting ready to throw something at her twin.  Vanessa came in with Penny, "Ladies, let's watch the language. You know better.  Jo, nice to see you back. Penny, hop in bed."  "But I'm not tired," Penny whined.  "Yes, you are," Vanessa said shortly. She was tired.  "Jo, are you staying here now?" Penny asked bluntly.  "Yes, I guess I am," Jo smiled at the little girl.  "Penny, it was a long day. Now, let the girls get ready for bed. I love you. Good night, " Vanessa said as she kissed Penny on the forehead.   Penny usually read down in Finn and Henrik's room before bed, but tonight Elijah was talking to them about the vandalized book.  "You're up early tonight, Pen," Dana said looking at the alarm clock.  "Finn and Henrik got in trouble for messing up my book. I hope they get spanked!" Penny groused.  "Jesus, Penny, calm down. It's just a stupid book," Rachael reasoned.  "Spanked? That's a little extreme," Jo said looking confused.  "Well, they are a little strict around here so you better watch yourself," Dana remarked.  "Freya said something about her wooden spoon but I thought that she was joking!" Jo gasped in horror. "I mean, I'm 17, for God's sake."  "Well,  you can see my butt after she finishes with me if you opened your big mouth to Uncle Elijah," Rachael smirked.  "But that's illegal. She can't hit me! I'll...this is crazy," Jo sputtered.  "What'd you do, Rachael?" Penny pressed.  Dana laughed, "Don't worry about it, Pen. Let's get in bed before we all get our butts beat." "You guys are messing with me," Jo said convinced that she was the butt of a joke.  "You wish," Rachael said. "Right, Penny."  Penny yawned, "Right, Rachael. But I hope Finn really gets it...he's so mean to me..." Penny continued to rant until she fell asleep. Younger Boys' RoomThirty Minutes Earlier"So let's have our little talk, gentleman," Elijah said sitting on Finn's bed.  "About construction vehicles? Because we should keep some of them to play with, Dad," Henrik suggested. Henrik had been very excited to see the construction equipment in the yard when he went out with Kol and Sadie earlier. "Son, the builders have to take those with them to their next job. We'll go out and look at them closer tomorrow. But I want to talk about the book.  Why did you hide it?" Elijah asked carefully.  Finn groaned, "We already got yelled at. Penny made us mad and we ripped it. Then, we didn't want anyone to know so we hid it."  "So what that a nice thing to do?" Elijah asked.  "No, it was mean, but Penny tries to get us in trouble," Henrik admitted.  "Yes, boys, we are all aware of that. Do you ever get punished when Penny is tattling on you and you didn't do anything wrong?" Elijah prompted.  "No, I guess not," Finn said. "Except when she lies and we get mad and freak out."  "You know, in a perfect world, everyone would be kind and nice to play with. I am proud of the way that you try to play with your cousin nicely. I tell you all the time to come and get someone if she tries to hit you or gets mean, right?" Elijah asked.  "Yeah," Henrik agreed.  "So I don't expect you to put up with someone who is mean to you or hurting you, but I also don't condone you doing mean things back. Condone means give permission for you to do something," Elijah clarified.  "Daddy, it's just a book! We have lots of books," Henrik shared. Vanessa came in.  Elijah looked up, "Penny's in bed?"  "Yes. Boys, do we understand that what you did was wrong? What if Daddy and I took your iPads and smashed them, then hid them under our bed because of this book incident?" Vanessa considered.  "Go ahead, I don't care," Finn said as he turned over in bed.  Elijah took a deep breath and rubbed his back, "Finn, buddy, I know Penny can be hard to get along with. Can we all just try to be a little kinder? You know Uncle Klaus and Cami are gone...There's no excuse for meanness, but when people are sad sometimes, they aren't nice." Vanessa sat on Henrik's bed, "Hopefully, everything will be back to normal soon. I have an idea. Why don't we go to the bookstore tomorrow and you guys can pick out some books for Penny."  "She likes horses," Henrik said.  "Yes, she does. That's a good idea. Okay, we love you. Sleep well, boys," Elijah said in a low voice.  Finn turned back, "I'll be nicer to her, Dad, even when she yells at me."  Elijah smiled, "Thank you, Son. But she ought to be nice to you guys too. I think you'll have a lot of fun once the sport court and indoor playrooms are done."  "And the tree house!" Henrik blurted out. "Yes, of course, the tree house," Vanessa laughed as Elijah took her hand and they turned out the lights.  Elijah kissed her as soon as they got into the hallway, "We have this whole floor to ourselves."  "We do, but can we talk about what happened back there. You were surprisingly...lenient," Vanessa revealed.  "I know, Vanessa. Truthfully, I think our boys have reached their limit with Penny's rudeness and snark. She does try to get them in trouble. I think back to a couple of times when I yelled at them or scolded them for being mean to her, but I think she was the instigator. I know they are just kids, but I won't allow her to bully the boys. It's just not right," Elijah said as they walked back to their bedroom.  "I'm glad you said that. The boys shouldn't have lied about the book and ruined it, but it borne out of frustration and anger. They were trying to tell us how they feel through that and I am very proud of you for picking up on it. I feel like a few months ago, that little talk would have ended up much different," Vanessa admitted. She started undressing and set out her silk nightgown on the bureau.  "Yes, I said as much to Marcellus when he apologized about Davina's behavior the other night. He said something about being harder on her and I realized that I do wish that I would have listened more to him when he was young. And that he needs to listen to his daughter. Our boys try to communicate with us in the best way they can, even if it's a bit naughty of them, like destroying that book. I'm going to have a talk with Niklaus about Penny, if she continues to try to bully and tattle so much," Elijah went on. He hung up his suit and joined Vanessa in the bathroom.  "Okay, enough about kids, I think I need you to wash my back, kind sir," Vanessa giggled. She started the bath water and poured some bubbles in. She thanked her future brother-in-law silently for putting a huge marble tub in each bathroom. This one was also a spa and had a mirror back. Elijah begun to light the candles.  "Let me disrobe you, beautiful lady," Elijah said stripping off her clothes and kissing her shoulder all the way down her arm.  He had already chilled the white wine and opened it to let it breath. Elijah put all the kid issues out of his mind and focused solely on his bride to be for the next few hours. Kol had offered to make sure the older boys got to bed on time. Older Boys' Room Kol walked in to an epic wrestling match. Normally, he didn't care, but this one got out of hand and a table lay broken to pieces on the floor of the tv area.  "Bloody hell, lads. Stop or I'm going to hide every one of ya," Kol shouted. It was already 10:39pm so he should probably wallop all of them just on that account.  Connor and Tyler were wrapped in a headlock and Matt was on top throwing punches.  Matt's face was red with effort, and Kai was laughing and trying pull him off.  "Whoa, whoa, Matthew is not having fun. I said stop it. Damnit," Kol said louder, now pulling off Kai. the boys suddenly seemed to notice him.  "Uncle Kol! We were just messing around," Kai gasped as he straightened out his clothes.  "You're still in your school clothes! What is going on?" Kol demanded, pulling Matt up.  Matt was angry, "They are pissing me off. Fuck you, guys!"  "Matt, do you need to go settle down in my room, lad?" Kol asked kindly.  "No, Uncle Kol. They are just being asses is all. Can I go take a shower?" Matt spat.  "No, first of all, the lot of you is in trouble for not being at all ready for bed. Second of all, explain. Or I can ask you again when your bare arse is getting a going over! Now talk," Kol said sternly.  Tyler smoothed back his hair, "Sorry, we were just screwing with Matt about the time he screwed that chick in the truck. Matt, we were joking. It went too far." Connor added, "I'm sorry, too. We were out of line, but Matt you threw the first punch."  "Is that true?" Kol demanded.  "Yes, sir. I lost it. To them, it was like I was a little kid hitting a wall. They just laughed at me and it made me more pissed," Matt confessed.  All four boys dissolved into arguing again. Kol vamped to the bedroom and retrieved the paddle Klaus had made for occasions like this. Kol's eyebrows lifted, the paddle was lighter than it looked. The handle wasn't treated, but the one side of the paddle that said 'hybrid' was treated with vervain and wolfsbane. Kol touched it and felt it sting his hand a little. It was about 2 feet in length and only a few inches wide.  "It's a school night. Tyler, Connor, do you still shower in the morning?" Kol asked.  "Yeah," Tyler responded nervously eyeing the paddle.  "Go change for bed now. I'll be in there in a minute," Kol insisted.  "Matt, you and Kai can bend over the couch. You two know better than to be up this late and carrying on. That table is going to come out of all of your allowances, too," Kol said indicating the couch with the paddle.  Matt frowned and opened his mouth to complain, but realized it was pointless. Arguing would just get him more swats.  Kol wasn't going to ask them to bare themselves, but he had to be careful not to hurt Matt especially. "Drop those drawers, boys. Then, you can go take your showers," Kol said simply. Matt and Kai looked at each other and then slowly unbuttoned their jeans and pulled them down. Their briefs went next.  "Over. Put your hands on the cushions. Spread your legs and do not move," Kol said firmly. He lined up the paddle on the human side with Matt's white unmarked behind. He tapped it three times. Tap, tap, tap. Thwap! Matt bit his lip and didn't move. The first swat always was shocking and he knew more were coming. Damn his temper! Thwap! Matt groaned and shifted his feet a little.  Crack! Matt sucked in his breath and felt tears come to his eyes. This hurt fiercely on his bare backside. Kol was waiting about five seconds between swats to let each one sink in. Crack! Matt kicked up his right foot and shifted to try to alleviate the stinging. "Stay still, lad. Unless you want to go over my knee after," Kol warned. Matt's behind was pink, but Kol knew he could take more.  Crack! Kol swatted him harder this time across both cheeks and Matt shrieked and popped up clutching his burning seat.  Kol took a breath and grabbed Matt's arm and dragged him over to a side chair. Kol sat and deftly flipped his blond haired nephew over his lap.  "Was it worth it to fight with your brothers over something so silly?" Kol said giving him a moderate swat on his left cheek. Swat! Matt burst into tears and moaned something. Kol swatted him on the right cheek. Swat!"Remember this, the next time you lose your temper, my boy," Kol said as he swatted Matt firmly across the center of his behind another five times. Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Matt kicked off his jeans and briefs as Kol slowly spanked his errant nephew. Matt's lower bottom was a solid shade of red.  Kol stood him up and hugged him, letting Matt cry into his shoulder a moment.  "Okay, go take your shower and I'll be in to say goodnight. All forgiven now, lad," Kol said as he kissed him on the head. Kol smiled a little to watch Matt pick up his jeans and briefs and walk into the bathroom with a shiny red behind, sniffling a little on the way.  "Kai, it's your turn, mate," Kol said. He gave Kai the same first swats at Matt. Kai was wiggling and bucking over the couch.  "I can't hold you. If I put you over my knee, you are still getting the paddle," Kol threatened. Yet Kai couldn't hold still.  Kai yelped, "No, please don't. I'm sorry..." as Kol dragged him to the chair to paddle him. Kol put Kai over his lap and then threw his right leg over Kai's legs to restrain him from moving. Kol began to crack Kai's still pale behind with the paddle until it turned pink. Spanking a hybrid was futile, he though. Then, Kai realized that the paddle was on the human side, not the hybrid. He flipped the paddle and when he resumed the spanking Kai began to wail and sob out apologies that he had been involved in the childish misbehaviors.  After twenty smacks, Kol stopped and stood Kai up.  "Shhh, settle down a minute and then you can take your shower," Kol promised. He stood and embraced Kai gently. "All over and forgiven."  Kai apologized and trotted off to the bathroom to shower. Like Matt, he also had a red backside.Kai entered the bedroom area. Tyler was sitting up texting and Connor was laying down. "Lads, trousers and drawers down, face down on the bed," Kol ordered.  Kol decided to paddle Connor first. He held his upper back and he laid down five harder swats. Connor took them without fussing, though Kol knew they had to have hurt.  Kol then did the same to Tyler and went back and smacked Connor five more times hard on his behind. Connor began to cry and shifted out of position at swat ten. Kol added a few more. He then went back to Tyler and gave him five hard ones. Like Connor, number ten seems to break him and cause him to dissolve into tears. Kol swatted him few more times with the paddle and then set it aside.  "I love you, lads. But I think you really hurt Matt's feelings and pride. When he comes out, I want you both to talk to him, okay? I'm gong to give you a few more with my hand and then all is forgiven," Kol said as he swatted each boy three more times on his sore, aching bottoms. Kol learned over and brushed back their hair and kissed each boy on the head.  When Kai and Matt came back in, they were surprised to see how red Tyler and Connor's backsides' still were. Kol put the paddle back in the secret cubby.  "I love you, boys, but we expect you to behave even when your father isn't here.  I'm going to hang out on your couch for a while," Kol said gently.  "Sorry, Uncle Kol," the boys called out, some sniffling, some in better shape. Tyler and Connor apologized to Matt.  "I'm sorry, too, guys. It's just not easy being the only human one. I was jealous, but I was stupid to try to fight you," Matt admitted.  Connor grinner sheepishly, "Well, it was fun while it lasted. I'm just letting my butt hang out..."  Kai cut in, "But now we have to pay for the table."  Kol yelled, "Boys, bedtime! Don't make me come in there again!"  "Night," Matt called back.
  
    Chapter Text
    Wednesday, January 26, 2011After SchoolKlaus had dropped off Mason at the Lockwood Mansion to see Carol first. They had offered to set him up in the guest house, but he was insistent that he should be at his family home.  He promised to see Tyler later.  Elijah, Vanessa, and Kol greeted the new two married couples with champagne when they came through the door. Even Sadie seemed more excited than usual. "The children know absolutely nothing. We left it to you to surprise them," Elijah declared happily.  "That was good of you, Brother," Freya said sipping the champagne.  "How were the children really?" Klaus asked casually.  Kol chuckled, "When your boys were all wrestling last night and smashed a table, which I cleaned up, now that I think about it. I told them they would have to pay for that out of their allowances."  "Smashed a table? What time was this?" Elijah cajoled.  "Eh, well, it was like 10:30 or a little past. Don't worry, Nik, I handled it as you would have done, more or less," Kol admitted.  "Good, then I'll consider it dealt with. Thank you, Kol. How was Penelope?" Klaus pressed. He looked at Vanessa this time as he knew she spent a lot of time with her.  "May I use the word irascible? She was a little short with the boys and there was an incident where they ruined her library book. I went to the school and took care of it, but it was almost WWIII here for a day or so," Vanessa confessed.  Cami now grimaced, "I hope to get Penny almost in a nightly therapy session with me. Maybe like art therapy. She still has a lot to work through, but she can't keep venting her rage on the boys. She doesn't treat the girls like that. Now that I'll be here all the time, I hope that helps."  "What about work, luv? You are busy with that," Klaus added.  "Klaus, I took a leave of absence. With everything going on, I want to settle in first. I figured for once, I will put myself and my family first. It feels good," Cami smiled. Klaus embraced her as tightly as he dared. Keelin and Freya looked at each other, "We can't even imagine what when on with Jo. Elijah, want to fill us in?" Freya wasn't sure she could handle the details, but she figured they needed to know.  Elijah told them about Jo leaving and going with Lily and how they found her at the Salvatore Boarding House.  "It's a miracle Jo was able to protect Lily and the others from the dark object Diego used to blow up the house. I hate to tell you this, but the real reason Josette left here was...," Elijah started.  Keelin guessed, "Rachael? She threatened to kill her or drain her?"  "Yes, how did you know?" Elijah asked in awe.  "I can smell the rage from her. She truly was furious when Jo came around. I was concerned," Keelin admitted.  Freya was disconcerted, "I was naive then. I did not think Rachael would stoop so low!"  Keelin griped Freya's hand, "She needs a wake up call. What Rachael did was not okay."  Freya nodded, "We will talk to her.  Thank you all for being here. I know we have a long road ahead getting the kids out of the antecedent. That has to be our next priority."  "It will be," Elijah promised. "Jo is in her room, but she's working on a spell for the ascendent now."  Freya smiled and got up to talk to her. The older kids came home a short time later. Klaus had already showered and changed and was in the kitchen when Jeremy confronted him.  "Dad, you're back! We need to talk," Jeremy demanded. Alaric had driven Jeremy and Erik home as he had their stuff in his car.  "Alaric, thanks for looking after them. Let's go chat in Elijah's office," Klaus offered.  They were barely through the door when Jeremy exploded, "I just wanted to know if you knew about my sister! Tell me the truth!"  "Jeremy, first of all, I don't appreciate your tone. Sit down and I will tell you what I can," Klaus said patiently.  "No, I need to know if you knew about my sister not being my sister for all these months," Jeremy repeated. Elijah came in and asked, "What is going on? Jeremy, I could hear you yelling down the hallway."  "Uncle Elijah, did you know that Katherine is posing as my sister? Has been for months on and off," Jeremy snapped.  "Yes, Jeremy. I knew a little about the plan. We were concerned that some very dangerous vampires would come after Katerina, see Elena, and kill her. I am sorry that we didn't fill you in," Elijah said calmly.  "Fill me in. I thought my sister was a fucking selfish bitch for the last two months! I was starting to hate her and here, none of it is her fault," Jeremy cried out.  "That's a strike for your language, Son. Upset or not, unacceptable. Jeremy, Elena is at the Lake House part of the time, she donates her blood to me. It is very valuable and I may need it if I ever create more hybrids," Klaus admitted.  Elijah looked troubled, "More hybrids? Brother, do we not have enough. I did not know you are stockpiling Elena's blood."  "Yes, I am. Just a little at a time, she does not mind. Ric, tell me how this all came about, " Klaus said simply.  Alaric spoke up, "Jeremy and I had a little incident last night. When he figured out the truth, he got combative and violent.I punished him and he apologized."  "An incident?" Klaus wondered.  "I smashed Uncle Ric in the mouth and he bled by accident. He spanked me when I wanted to go confront Damon and Stefan at the board house last night. Dad, I was really mad at you for not telling me. I still am," Jeremy confessed.  "Son, I am sorry. Truly, I apologize. I should have trusted you more with the information. She is your sister.  I was wrong," Klaus implored. "It sounds like Ric got you settled down."  Elijah was surprised as his brother had rarely been so humble or apologetic.  He was still troubled that Niklaus was considering making more hybrids, though. They would have to speak of that later.  Jeremy got up and hugged his dad, "It's okay now. As long as she is okay. And...Dad, I am just glad you are back."  Klaus said, "Me, too, Son. I am not leaving again and no more secrets. I mean that." Klaus let go of Jeremy and shook Ric's hand.  "Thank you, Ric. I hope you will forgive me also," Klaus asked.  "Of course, I know we all just want Elena safe," Ric said. He patted Jeremy on the shoulder and then left to get home. Elijah followed the history teacher out of the room to give Klaus a moment alone with his son.  "Was Uncle Ric awfully hard on you?" Klaus pressed. Klaus hated that he hadn't been there for his son. He thought Ric had been a little harsh on the kids before and he was nervous to heard what exactly happened. He pulled Jeremy to sit on his lap a moment so he could hold him. Jeremy looked at the door to make sure it was shut firmly before relaxing into Klaus' arms again.  "No, Dad. He went easy on me and just smacked my butt with his hand a couple of times. I was kind of a mess, though. I can do more for the family, Dad. I mean there are a lot of secrets in this town that need to come to light. And those camp vampires are still in there. We can't just leave them there. It's too dangerous," Jeremy remarked.  "You are right, Jeremy. Let's worry about all that later. You know that we went to New Orleans for Father K., well, his last wish was to marry Cami and me," Klaus said still holding the boy on his lap and rubbing his back.  "You got married?" Jeremy said happily.  "Yes, so you have an official step mum in Camille. Even in our grief, we're very happy," Klaus said.  "Congratulations, Dad. I am happy. Cami is great," Jeremy said sincerely.  Klaus smiled, "I wanted to tell you first. Sometimes I think of the first time I saw you and compare it to now. I am very proud of you, you know that, right?"  "Dad, stop," Jeremy begged as Klaus pulled him closer to him.  Klaus let him go a moment later, "I need to speak to Tyler about something. But would you consider allowing Cami to adopt you officially? Think about it. No need to answer now."  "Yes, I would. My mom was great, you know. And Jenna tried with us, but I guess I just want more. Even if that makes me selfish, I want it to be official, I guess, yes, I want Cami to be my mom," Jeremy reasoned.  "It's not selfish to want two parents. Cami loves all of you. She will be very happy," Klaus vowed.  "Us, too," Jeremy realized.  "I am so relieved that you feel like you are gaining a mum, rather than losing time with me. I am a little concerned about Penny, truth be told," Klaus admitted.  "She is the one who needs a mother the most. Dad, this will be a good thing. You know, you spoil Penny and let her walk all over you. Cami won't do that," Jeremy teased.  Klaus flushed to get called out by the teenager, "It might get rougher for a while before it gets better. Let's settle in and then we'll talk about a plan for the hunter stuff later. I do agree that the camp vamps need to be dealt with. Now can you get Tyler for me?" Jeremy felt better and went to get Tyler and congratulate Cami.  "Dad, glad you are back!" Tyler said as Klaus hugged him again.  "Me, too. You have no idea how much. I do have some news for you, but you better sit down first," Klaus said.  He told Tyler about his marriage and then about Mason Lockwood.  "Your Uncle Mason is alive and well!" Klaus announced.  "What? How do you know? Where is he?" Tyler asked.  Klaus told him about dropping him off at the Lockwood Mansion and Tyler ran off to go see his uncle.  Next, Klaus pulled in Erik and Connor together. He told them about him and Cami.  "She would love to adopt you. But it is completely up to you," Klaus clarified.  "So she would be our real mom?" Erik asked in shock.  "Yes, Son. Why does that surprise you?" Klaus asked getting up from the chair and going to crouch beside Erik.  "We ain't really had no woman to look after us, a momma. I mean, what if she don't like us,-" Erik worried.  "Erik, sweetheart, Cami already loves you, boys. You have nothing to prove, okay? She loves you just like you are," Klaus insisted.  Connor gulped, "Well, then, we'll do it. Right, Erik? Dad, maybe Cami can convince him to get that hair cut?" Erik smiled and punched his older brother in the arm.  "Okay, then," Erik agreed. "But I ain't getting my hair cut."  "Really? She'll be so thrilled. I just want to say how happy you boys have made me, you and Penny. I feel like the luckiest man on earth to have you all in my life," Klaus said in an emotional voice. He moved over and hugged both boys to him. Klaus wiped tears from his eyes.  Girls' BedroomFreya found Jo sitting in the living room area with grimoires spread out everywhere.  "Hey, you're back," Jo said excitedly.  "Yes, Jo. I am glad you are in one piece, young lady," Freya said firmly.  "You heard, I guess," Jo speculated. She leaned back and exhaled.  "Yes, hon. I just don't get why you would run away," Freya questioned.  "Did you ever wrong your own family? Have them hate you? For good reason?" Jo retorted back.  Freya answered, "No, I guess not. The only people I got revenge on were my mother, who sold me, and my aunt, who used me. I have only ever tried to help my siblings."  "I wish I could say that. Rachael threatened to drain me to death and she meant it. But the real reason I left is my guilt. I couldn't stand the look in their eyes. I figured I'd just take the younger kids and go once I got the ascendent opened," Jo confessed.  "Hon, Rachael does not hate you. She hates what happened to all of you. I'll talk to her. As to the kids, it's too much. They need a family. We can give them that here," Freya said carefully.  "I know that know. I see what it is like here. At first I thought the rules were crazy, but they are needed. It's not perfect here, but I can see that there is...love. That is what was missing from our family. I feel like our parents couldn't love us because they knew that we couldn't all survive the merges and being siphons and coven politics. They distanced themselves and I did the same thing. No more of that. I want to get the kids out of that prison world so they will know what love and family is," Jo implored Freya.  "Always and forever, they can. But first we need to get them out. It might take all of it, plus Bonnie. There is something else. I don't know how you are going to feel about it," Freya started.  "What? You are making me freak out," Jo said nervously.  "Um, Keelin and I got married in New Orleans. We want to adopt you and all of your siblings. What do you think?" Freya suggested.  "Wow, all of us? That's a lot. I mean, we have been a lot of trouble so far. Are you sure you want this? And Keelin? Is she going to put up with our bickering and fighting?" Jo wondered.  "Hon, kids argue and get in trouble, that's how they learn. Keelin has no problem popping either a little wolf kid or a witch kid on the butt if he or she gets out of line. We have a lot of love to give, but don't worry, we can also swing a hair brush if we need to," Freya promised.  "Wait, are you serious? That's fine for little kids, but not us, I mean, not me. I'm like 17," Jo defended.  "Jo, if you don't want to get your butt busted, then don't misbehave. However, if you do, a spanking is on the table at any age. Quite frankly, for running away in the middle of the night, I think you've earned your first one tonight before you go to bed," Freya informed her.  "So if I agree to be adopted, I have to agree to get a spanking first?" Jo inquired in horror.  "No, but you are going to be punished either way. I just don't see the benefits of grounding someone already restricted to the house for her own safety. I guess you could also be assigned extra chores, an essay, I really don't know. I won't hold you down to paddle you, but I also am not going to let you get away with disobedience. I care too much to see you put yourself in harm's way again," Freya said strongly.  "How bad will it be? I never really got spanked before, I mean, I got a few smacks but they didn't hurt...Will this hurt?" Jo asked fearfully.  "Yes, it will sting and your backside will smart for a little while, but no one will leave bruises on you or harm you. Here's a paddle Keelin found in her garage that we found works pretty well," Freya said handing Jo the beach paddle from the drawer.  Jo paled, "A paddle? It's lighter than it looks! I guess this would be better than being grounded. I just feel silly being so old and you know, getting paddled."  "Hon, every kid in this house has gotten a paddling at one time or another. All my siblings here were born over a thousand years ago, things were a bit simpler in that respect. Now, times are changing and we are trying to change a little, but sometimes old school just works the best for us. Once it's over, you're all forgiven," Freya soothed.  "Every kid, even my brother and sisters have gotten swatted here?  They never said a thing, except to tease me that I would get spanked if I got caught out of bed after 10pm," Jo laughed.  "Oh no, hon, that's not joke. Elijah will put any young person he finds disobeying him over his knee right then and there if that kid is up after bedtime. No joke," Freya admitted.  Jo put her head in her hands, "I want to stay but I don't know if I can face this.""How about we take care of it right now before the girls get home from school?" Freya said gently.  "But I didn't hurt anyone when I left. What about Rachael? Should she be the one getting paddled?" Jo argued.  "Yes, I think so. But right now, we'll discussing your misbehavior. You could have been killed at Lily's house," Freya said.  "I know," Jo replied truthfully. Jo pushed back her dark hair and glanced nervously at the paddle. "Why don't you go use the bathroom and change into your pajamas or sweatpants. Believe me, you won't want to pull those jeans back up after," Freya smiled.  "Pull up?" Jo said in horror.  "Well, your pants and undies didn't misbehave did they? Plus, I need to see what I'm doing so I don't bruise your behind," Freya insisted.  Jo's stomach was in knots, but she felt safer just being with Freya. It felt good to let someone else be in charge even if that person was planning to start swatting her bare behind. She got up and used the bathroom, changed and came back out with her hair pulled back and in more comfortable clothes. "It will be over in a minute, but it will be a long minute," Freya said as she sat on the bed and drew Jo to her.  Jo wasn't sure what she was agreeing to, but she let herself be put over Freya's knees. "Tell me why you are getting a spanking," Freya demanded.  "For running away and going to help the Heretics without permission. I should have just ignored Rachael and stayed here," Jo admitted.  "Good. Live and learn," Freya said as she held Jo flat over her lap. Jo's legs were hanging over the bed so she could still kick. Freya tapped Jo's backside with firm pats. Pat. Pat. Pat.  "I changed my mind!" Jo exclaimed. But Freya was already holding down Jo with her left arm.  "Too late," Freya said as she swatted the shorts covered bottom in front of her. Crack!Crack! Crack! Jo was squirming and kicking from the first smack.  Freya began to warm up Jo's behind in a firm and random pattern. She knew they didn't have a lot of time before the others got home. Crack! Crack! Crack!  After about twenty smacks, Freya lowered Jo's shorts and underwear and found her bare bottom slightly pink, but mostly pale. The spanking was mild and didn't hurt much, all Jo felt was a slight burning. She began to cry from the pent up emotion of the last few days. Her siblings' hatred, leaving, the explosion, Elijah coming to get her, it all snowballed.  Freya cooed, "Let it out, hon. It's okay. You are safe now." Smack. Smack.  Jo felt the cool air and howled, "No!" She kicked more and tried to rise up, but couldn't.  Freya grabbed the round beach paddle and tapped it on Jo's behind lightly.  "I'm going to give you a couple with the paddle. Then, we are done. Can you try to stay still for me? You're doing well," Freya encouraged.  "T-Tryin'," Jo cried.  Pat. Pat. POP! Freya cracked the paddle down on Jo's left cheek which left a red circle imprint. Jo hollered something Freya couldn't make out.   "A little more," Freya whispered.  Pat. Pat. POP! She walloped Jo's right cheek and heard the girl yell out stop.  Freya rubbed her behind with the paddle another moment and before she could bring it down, she heard Jo sobbing, "S-Sorrry, s-sorrry."  Freya gave her one more hard paddle swat right across both cheeks. POP! Then, she set the round wooden paddle down.  "For what, honey? What are you sorry for?" Freya asked rubbing her back now.  "For e-everything....All of it," Jo yelled out. She was unaware that the paddling ended. The swats had burned, but nothing hurt more than the feeling of despair in the pit of her stomach.  Freya help her up with as much care as possible and sat Jo in her lap.  "Josette, you did the best you could. Let the past go, we need to look towards the future together. No more regret or pain. You are a child and you had to do things no children should ever have to think of. From now on, we look forward to breaking the curse and getting the kids out of the prison world, deal?" Freya offered.  "D-Deal!" Jo said sniffling. Freya laughed a little at her sad and teary face. She grabbed some clean tissues and wiped off her face and had her blow her nose.  "That's much better. I love you and we will stand by you. I'll talk to Rachael and if she needs a few whacks with the paddle to see you are on her side, she'll get them," Freya promised.  "No, please, don't paddle her. She'll just hate me more. Please, Freya. I mean, if you are adopting us, what do we call you and Keelin?" Jo asked lightly.  "Mom and Mama?" Freya laughed hugging her tighter. "So, I guess that's a yes?" "Yes, my butt does sting a little still but I guess I do feel better.  I love you, guys, too. I shouldn't have taken off like that. Sorry," Jo apologized.  Freya kissed her on the forehead, "Thank you. We don't just want you here, we need you here. It's funny how that works, but it is true, Josette. Now, let's make that spanking the first and the last one you get, okay?"  "That's a deal, too. So I'm not in any trouble now?" Jo asked skeptically.  "No, slate is clear. You want to lay down a little?" Freya asked still rubbing Jo's back. "Yeah, can I just leave my pants down?" Jo asked.  "Sure, I'll just put the duvet up. No one has to know," Freya said.  "Actually, I think the twins need to know I got punished so they can forgive me, or at least start to," Jo admitted.  "Well, if you want to share, that's your business. I will talk to Rachael and tell her that you begged for her not to get the same punishment as you. Now, rest, and we'll talk about the spell later," Freya said.  Keelin came in, "Hey Jo, I just wanted to check on you." Keelin leaned down and patted Jo on the back of the head. Jo was in bed on her stomach and turned to greet Keelin. Freya kissed Jo on the head and went downstairs to greet the other kids. She smiled and shared a long look with Keelin before leaving. They could do this, but only together.  "Hi, congrats on getting hitched. Mom said you are going to adopt us," Jo added.  "Yes, we would love to.  Did Mom do a number on your behind here? Can I check?" Keelin asked.  "Sure, you're the doctor," Jo said quietly. Keelin gently peeled down the bed cover and inspected Jo's pink behind.  "A little red from the paddle, but you should be recovered in an hour or less. What this your first time, getting spanked?" Keelin asked sitting on the side of the bed.  "Like this?  Yeah. It hurt, but I know it could have been worse. And probably better than getting screamed at or just having more people hate me," Jo smirked slightly.  Keelin lightly swatted Jo's behind over the comfortable, "Hey! No one hates you. Now, behave. Go ahead and rest. I'll stay here with you."  Jo squealed though she barely felt even a sting. She realized that her backside was almost fine aside from a minor ache. Keelin was rubbing her back and Jo almost wept again to think that she was no long alone. For the first time in month, maybe years, she let go of her worries, and let herself drift into a deep sleep. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^DinnerAt dinner that night, everyone seemed happy about the two new marriages. Cami was nervous that one of the hybrid kids would hear the baby's heartbeat. She thought marriage and a baby might be too much.  "So we can call you Aunt Cami now?" Henrik smiled showing off his missing teeth.  "Yes, and I can call you two nephew," Cami said using her napkin to reach over and wipe ketchup off Henrik's chin.  Elijah had made cheeseburgers and fries. They also had cole slaw, onion rings, baked beans, and corn. It wasn't corn on the cob, but canned corn was the best Elijah could do at this point in the year. Penny had reacted happily to the news. She had already asked Cami to adopt her, so she was happy to hear that this would be official soon. They hoped they could get something together for this coming weekend.  After dinner, when the older kids were cleaning up, Penny started to whine about her library book to her father. Penny's deep blue eyes welled up with tears and her lips trembled. Her black hair was pinned back in braids.  "They ruined my book and didn't get in trouble," Penny complained. She was pulling on one of her braids as she glared at her placemat.  "Penny, the boys apologized and bought you new books at the store," Vanessa reminded her.  "That's not fair! They were mean to me and they weren't even sorry," Penny shouted.  "Penelope, we do not yell like that at the table. Please apologize or you can march yourself to your bedroom and stand in the corner," Klaus thundered.  "No! I didn't do anything," Penny snapped. "You can't make me go!"  "Excuse us. I think we need to have a long talk," Klaus said to Elijah, Vanessa, and Cami. Kol had taken the younger boys and the dog outside to run around.  Klaus stood and held his hand out to Penny. She scowled but took his hand and got up. Klaus took Penny to his and Cami's bedroom.  "Now, you do as I said and go put your nose in the corner," Klaus said crouching down to look her in the eyes.  "No, Daddy!" Penny wailed. Klaus took her by the arm and walked her over to the corner and positioned her there. Penny twisted and tried to struggle out of his grip. Klaus felt like he had no choice but to swat her once hard on the backside.  "Now, do not move, unless you want a licking before we talk," Klaus warned. He texted Elijah to come up if he could. Klaus didn't know what had gone on in his absence, but he did need to know more. Elijah came up and saw Penny standing in the corner, she peered over at him when he came in.  Then, she quickly turned her head back to face the corner.  Elijah and Klaus had a whispered conversation, and then Klaus called Penny over to the small couch area. She came out of the corner and stomped over to her father. Penny's eyes were shooting daggers at Elijah, as if he was the one who had wronged her. "Penny, you can speak respectfully while we talk sitting up like a big girl or we can have this discussion over my lap as I am giving you a good spanking! Which will it be?" Elijah pressed.  Klaus reached over and cracked Penny again on the backside. Wham! Penny cried out, "Owww." She clutched at her bottom and kept her hands splayed out to protect it from further spanks. "Your uncle asked you a question!" Klaus prompted.  "Sitting up! Like a big girl!" Penny blurted hurriedly as she sat on the chair in front of her before her father could give her another swat.  "Good. We wanted to speak to you about this book. Penny, Finn and Henrik were wrong to destroy your book. They know that. But do you know why they did it?" Elijah asked gently.  Penny thought a moment and looked at her uncle, "Because I am mean to them. Sometimes I try to get them in trouble...That's why."  "Yes, dear. They were hurt by the way you treat them. And it needs to stop. You are not allowed to bully, name call, and yell at other people the way that you do," Elijah explained. "Finn is old enough to get angry at you, but Henrik was crying after you called him stupid again the other night.""I didn't mean it," Penny defended herself lamely.  "And if we catch you do doing it again, you are going to be very sorry. I will spank you right in front of them on your bare backside. Do you understand? No more warnings. We've given you plenty of chances," Klaus said evenly.  "I'll be good!" Penny looked from her father's stern face to her uncle's and knew they were serious.   Elijah smiled, "You are good, dear. But remember what we taught you, when you get upset or angry, you use your calming strategies, or walk away. If you don't know what to do, come get an adult. We don't like being so stern with you or threatening to spank you, but Penny we have tried to do everything else to get you to behave. We won't have you turning into a bully."  Klaus went and picked her up, "I missed you and I'm sorry I left. But we expect you to be kind to your cousins and your classmates. It seems like you hold it together just fine at school and then let loose when you come home. Is that true?" "Yes, Daddy. I just can't be good all the time...after school, I just fall apart," Penny said starting to become upset.  Elijah indicated that he was going to go. Klaus nodded and waved him on.  "You can take a little break when you get home and be by yourself.  Maybe instead of doing your homework right away, you can watch tv or play first while you have your snack. Sweetheart, I think you lash out at the boys because you are comfortable with them and you know they will forgive you. But it's a bad habit to get into, hurting people to make yourself feel better," Klaus revealed.  "Dad, can you and me talk when I get home? Before the other kids get home? Alone," Penny pleaded.  "Of course, just the two of us can do whatever you want. I love that idea.  But I mean it Miss Penelope, if you are bullying the other kids again,-" Klaus began.  "I know, I'm going to get it. You don't have to say it again, Daddy," Penny giggled.  "I love you, Penny. You said you were angry because Finn and Henrik didn't get in trouble for destroying your book. Is that true?" Klaus asked his daughter.  "Yup. They didn't get in trouble at all. And it was a library book!" Penny reminded him.  "Hmm, I'll speak to your uncle about that," Klaus muttered. He thought Penny had a point. If she was right, then Elijah was going softer than he thought, but only when it came to his own kids.  Klaus sat with Penny talking about school until he got a text from Tyler that asked if he could stay over night at the Lockwood mansion with his Uncle Mason.  Klaus sent Penny to go play and called Tyler.  As he feared, Tyler failed to answer.  No matter how many kids Klaus had, he could not lose one of them, he tried Tyler again. Klaus finally left him a message that he was to come home and call immediately. Klaus paced until Cami came in to change for the night. For a few moments, he had almost forgotten that he was married. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Wednesday, January 26, 2011Night Freya and Keelin's RoomFreya went and got Kai. She asked him to gather his sisters together for a quick family meeting. She and Keelin asked them to come to their bedroom to talk.  It took a few moments for all to gather and Dana came in with Penny trailing behind. Behind Penny, Sadie was trailing.  Rachael sneered, "Are you feeding the dog chips again, Penny? Uncle Elijah said it makes her barf!"  "She's hungry," Penny argued.  Dana took the small bag of chips and ate one and Penny laughed. Sadie was jumping up and down in front of them begging for another one.  "Down, girl," Dana said quietly to the dog. Freya and Keelin had been talking on the balcony and came into the large room when they saw the kids.  "Hey, you're all here. Great," Keelin said in a friendly tone.  Cami came in a minute later, "Penny, come on, let's let them talk. Come on, Sadie!"  "But I wanna stay with Dana," Penny said as she clung to Dana's arm.  "Pen, go with Cami and I'll find you when we're done here, k? I promise," Dana said crossing her heart. As she left, Rachael snickered, "You're already dead, witch!"  "Shut up," Dana said elbowing her twin. Dana gave Cami the last of the bag of chips and Cami cast a suspicious look at Penny, but said nothing. This time both the dog and the younger girl followed her out.  Kai rolled his eyes at their constant bickering. In truth, he was a little jealous that he didn't have that with Jo anymore. They felt like two strangers at times.  "So, I know Jo knows this, but Keelin and I have some good news," Freya smiled as the kids sat down on the couches and chairs in the tv area of the room. Freya looked to Keelin to share the news.  Keelin grinned and held up her wedding band, "Freya and I got married while we were in New Orleans. And there are a couple more things..." Rachael wondered what the hell else could have happened.  "More than that? Congrats. That's great news," Dana smiled. Kai got up and hugged Freya and Keelin, as did Dana. Rachael hung back and looked uncomfortable. Jo hugged Keelin as she hadn't said congratulations yet. Freya then hugged Jo and asked if she was okay. Jo assured her that she was good. They seemed awfully cozy.  "Klaus and Cami also got married. But Keelin and I would like to adopt all of you, if you want. Of course it is up to you, but it would make us very happy," Freya said her eyes shining with pride as she looked at all of them in turn.  Kai shouted, "Yeah, wow, that would be awesome!" He looked happy and handsome in a black sweater and black jeans, Rachael thought. Kai must have gotten his hair cut, he looked happy. She looked at her sisters and they looked almost vibrant, too. Dana fit in here, with Penny, with the older boys. Jo seemed to be getting along with everyone. It is only me who will never fit in, Rachael told herself. Freya caught Rachael's expression, "Hey, you can think about it. No one is going to pressure you into doing anything you don't want to." "You make me go to school," Rachael fumed.  Freya smiled softly, "Want me to homeschool you? I never went to a real school. Aside from magic, you kids could run circles around me academically. I try to catch up by reading and study here and there, but it's not the same, hon. I wish that I had gotten an education."  Rachael flushed, "Sorry, I never realized that. Congratulations on getting married."  "Thanks, honey. We wish you all could have been there, but it was a quick ceremony by Sean, Cami's brother. Hey, they are starting the movie downstairs. You guys, start down. We'll be down in a sec. I want to talk to Rachael and Jo a minute," Freya announced.  Keelin winked at Freya for good luck. She herded Dana and Kai out to give the others some privacy.  Rachael could barely face Jo alone, "So you told on me? Figures."  Jo shook her head, "I told on myself. Look, I was wrong to take off like that despite what you may have said or may not have said. Freya made that pretty clear to me, but I asked her not to punish you."  "You did? Why? Are you trying to suck up to me now?" Rachael scowled. Jo always had everything, she was smart, people followed her, and she was pretty. Now, she was stealing the little bit of family Rachael dredged up.f Freya cut in, "Rachael, sometimes I can feel the waves of rage just washing off you like the tide, in and out. I can't judge you for it because I feel it, too. Before I came here, I had nothing. No family, no real future. I would live for a year and sleep for a hundred due to the spell my aunt cast on me. But when I found my siblings, they helped me break it. Now, it's better."  "You don't feel it? The anger?" Rachael asked picking at loose thread on a throw pillow on the couch.  "I do when I think about what I've lost. All the time with my family that I lost because of my mother's deal with her sister. How my aunt used me as a battery for her sick spells. I even get mad that my marriage to Keelin isn't even legal technically. But I can't live mad. I got my life back, my family back. I have you guys, I have Keelin. A Catholic priest put aside everything to marry us because he believed in our love. That is what I focus on now, love, healing, and the future...Not even the future, the now," Freya burst out.  Rachael nodded, "Being a vampire doesn't help. But I guess I'm really to put the past behind me for real."  "Good to hear, Hon. That's the attitude that is going to help us get your siblings out of that prison world. Jo here, is on the right track to helping find a spell to get them out safety," Freya explained.  "Yeah, it's been quite the day, the week, the month. But I survived," Jo smiled as she rubbed her backside to see if it was still tender. It felt fine.  "So you got spanked? For running away...," Rachael pressed.  Jo colored and felt her neck burn with shame, "There's a first time for everything. Yeah, I guess I deserved it, even at my age. I've been getting away with a lot lately. It almost feels good to listen to someone and let them call the shots." Freya came over and put her arm around Jo. Rachael stared at the pair and felt another stab of pain, of longing. She wanted that. She wanted someone to care about her, to take care of her. It was exhausting always looking out for herself.  "If you got it for running away, I should get it for making you. That would only be fair," Rachael admitted as tears ran down her face. It wasn't that she wanted to get punished, but she wanted the closeness that she sensed between Freya and Jo. She couldn't say it out loud, but she was jealous.   Freya looked at Jo, she had promised to spare her little sister a session with the paddle, but if she was suggesting it...Freya knew Rachael was knotted up with guilt inside.  "It would only be fair. How about we'll take care of this and then you can rest here with me or go down and watch the movie after? I'll give you about what I gave Josette," Freya said. She got the other matching beach paddle out of her bedside drawer. Jo's eyes went wide. Twin paddles?  Freya put the rounded paddle on the bed and went into the bathroom for something. "They are a set," Rachael said wryly to Jo. "Like normal people use them to play beach games and shit like that. With a ball." "Oh, huh, I did not realize that. Well, I will excuse myself," Jo said uncomfortably. "I didn't want you to get in trouble over this Rachael."  "Um, Jo, would you stay and hold my hands. If we don't cooperate, we can get it again tonight or tomorrow before school," Rachael whispered nervously rubbing her hands together.  "You mean you really want me here? Despite everything?" Jo ventured. Rachael nodded, "Yeah, if you don't mind. I don't want to get in trouble again."  "Jo, I am sure there is a lot about this that is confusing, but you can stay if Rachael wants you to.  Rachael, come over her by the bed please," Freya said briskly.  She had a jar of the old salve that could be washed off, a white wash cloth, and a towel. Freya said on the bed and put the towel over her lap.  "Let's do the salve first. This is the old kind. It will wash off when you take your shower tonight and yo will heal," Freya said pointedly.  She indicated that Rachael should bare her backside and get over her lap. Rachael pulled down her pants and underwear without a fuss. Freya slathered on the salve and let it sink in. Normally, she would have argued, but she didn't want to look weak in front of Jo. "This makes her backside more sensitive and slows down her vampire healing. She is stronger so that makes it harder for me to hold her if she doesn't want to cooperate," Freya said carefully.  "And I can't reach back and protect my butt now or my hands will burn because of the vervain in the salve," Rachael said as Jo sat beside her on the bed. Freya had given Rachael a pillow and Jo held her younger sister's outstretched hands.  Rachael felt silly with her bare bottom over Freya's lap about to be smacked, but she also felt relieved. She felt awful about threatening to kill Jo and now she would pay for it.  "Tell me what you did wrong, Rachael," Freya said now tapping her hand over Rachael's behind.  "I threatened Jo and told her I would kill her," Rachael admitted tearfully. "Honey, I am really proud of you for taking responsibility for this. I know that's not easy. Admitting when we do something wrong is hard, but Jo has forgiven you. Now, you're going to forgive yourself," Freya said with a firm whack to Rachael's backside. Smack! The first smack was a shock and Rachael felt herself putting back her hands from Jo's grip. "It's okay," Jo said softly smiling with encouragement.   Smack!"Owww," Rachael gasped.  Smack!"Ouch, it freaking *smack* hurts!" Rachael yelled.  Freya continued smacking, Smack! Smack! Smack!  Although she was only using her hand, she could see that Rachael was starting to move her hips in hopes of squirming away from the smacks. Freya kept her left hand on Rachael's lower back to steady her. Freya kept her right hand loose, but she was still feeling a sting in it from just a few hard whacks.  Smack! "Ahhhhhh," Rachael wailed. Smack! Smack! Rachael began to kick her feet and legs. Smack! Smack! After two hard whacks to her sit spots, Rachael began to cry in earnest. Smack. Smack. Freya slowed the smacks, but made each one count by pausing to let each one sink in. Smack.  "Stop! I-It h-hurts. I-I learned my *smack* lesson. J-Jo, I am s-sorrry *SMACK*!!!" Rachael belted out. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! After twenty cracks with the flat of her hand, Rachael's behind was pink and Freya's hand was aching and sore. Rachael thought the spanking was over with and went to yank back her hands and lift up.  "You still have the paddle to face, young lady," Freya reminded her.  This caused Rachael to break out in a fresh litany of tears.  "Nooooo, p-please, that d-damn thing hurts," Rachael moaned.  Pop! Freya brought the rounded paddle down across both cheeks.  "That's for the language and it doesn't count," Freya said as Rachael kicked and squirmed.Pop! Pop! Freya gave her a hard whack on the center of each cheek. "After I am done paddling you, you are going to forgive yourself and let all this go. We love you, Rachael. You don't need to prove anything to anyone," Freya said as she rested the cool wooden instrument again Rachael's pink behind.  POP! POP! Freya swatted down two more times a touch harder and then tossed the paddle aside. Rachael was crying hysterically and bucking up and down. Freya pulled up her pants and underwear up abruptly which made Rachael wailed harder.  "If I don't cover her behind and she rubs, the vervain will burn her hands," Freya said softly. Jo let go off Rachael's hands and they went to her face to cover up her sobs.  "Here's a towel for her face," Freya said giving the washcloth to Jo.  Jo said, "You don't have to be embarrassed." Jo found herself crying, too.  Rachael wasn't even embarrassed anymore, she felt spent, drained, tired, and cleansed.  Freya said, "Rachael, I'm going to let you up okay." Freya stood her up and Rachael gingerly reached behind and felt her sizzling cloth covered behind. It stung, but she knew the worst was over.  Freya pulled Rachael to her lap and put her arms around her. She held out her left arm for Jo to come closer. Freya held both girls for a minute without talking.  "Thanks, Jo. That helped. I am sorry about threatening you," Rachael confessed.  "It's over with. Thanks," Jo reassured her as she grabbed Rachael forearm and patted it.  "Do you girls want to go watch the movie or we could watch tv up here?" Freya offered.  "In here, if that's okay," Rachael said. She was red faced from crying and knew the rest of the kids would know what happened, but she also wanted to stay with Freya and her older sister for a little while longer.  Freya had Rachael go wash her face in the bathroom and she flipped down the comforter. Jo sniffed the salve and tried to make out the other ingredients besides vervain.  "Jo, you can help me start making more salve. Keelin's been selling it in her clinic. I've been making all kinds, not just for um, this purpose," Freya said sheepishly.  "Interesting. I would love to help. I have some ideas for some other things we could make. But I should get back to working on the ascendent spell," Jo added.  "Nonsense. Hang out in here with us a little while," Freya implored. Freya grabbed a blood bag for Rachael from the mini-fridge and bottles of water for her and Jo.  Jo looked at Rachael who was in the bed turned on her side. Freya got in beside her and turned on the tv. Jo finally got in on the other side of Rachael. Freya asked, "I mean it, Rachael, we love you as you are. Rain or shine. When I was your age, I got so made, I caused an earthquake that destroyed a village."   Rachael smiled, "I just worry if I don't defend myself, people will walk all over me again."  Jo added, "We won't let that happen, Rachael. You are a very strong witch and vampire. You never have to be a victim again. None of us do." Freya smoothed back Rachael's hair, "Maybe we are all stronger than we know? You know, we don't have to wait until something bad happens to do this, okay? I mean it when I say Keelin's and my door is always open to all of you. I know what it is like to feel alone and unloved and I never want you guys to feel like that ever."  Rachael couldn't say much more then, "Okay." Then, Dana and Penny came in to see where they all were. They ended up piling on the bed and watching a comedy show that Penny claimed they would all love. They didn't, but they laughed all the same. Keelin came up later to find them all sleeping and she did not have the heart to wake them up.Kitchen9:43pmKlaus was pacing. The movie had finished an hour before and Klaus still hadn't heard from Tyler. Klaus called Mayor Lockwood and she said that she had seen Mason earlier, but not her son. Kol came in to take out the dog.  "Any luck with Tyler?" Kol asked with concern.  "No, his mother hasn't heard from them. Damn, why did I let him run off with Mason? That man is irresponsible, to say the least!" Klaus fumed.  "Let's take a ride around and see if we can find them. Come on, you are going to wear a hole in the floor from pacing. We can take Sadie," Kol suggested.  "Fine, but I cannot promise that I'm not going to give that boy a good tongue lashing," Klaus continued as they got in Kol's Porsche.  "I will not stop you, Brother. Especially, if it is not directed at me," Kol joked. He hit the button and the garage door started up. Tyler was there.  "What the bloody hell?" Klaus said getting out of the car.  "Dad, sorry, we were out of cell range. Mason took me on a run at the quarry. He just dropped me back off. We had dinner with my mom," Tyler said nervously.  "Tyler, it's cold out. Where's your jacket?" Klaus asked with concern.  "Ah, I must have forgotten it. Sorry. I'm tired. Can I go up to bed?" Tyler asked glancing at Kol who let Sadie out of the back and into the kitchen.  "Not yet. You run off with your uncle and don't answer my calls and come home late? You said you dined with Mayor Lockwood... And yet your mother said she hadn't seen you," Klaus informed him.  Tyler cringed. "Sorry, Dad. The truth is that we didn't even eat. I didn't want you to be mad because I missed dinner. I guess I didn't want you to be mad at Mason either. "  Kol stepped back in and gave Tyler a hard look, "Lying now, Tyler? Last night I had to wallop the lot of you for acting like fools in your bedroom. Perhaps, I went far too easy on you."  Tyler's cheeks grew hot, "That was stupid of us. We just went too far fooling around. Tonight? I guess I was happy to see my uncle, you know, alive. Dad, he was driving, not me. I am sorry I am late and that I didn't answer my phone, but we lost track of time. It won't happen again."  Klaus paused a moment, "Very well. Come on, let's get you something to eat. You can tell me about your day. I just got home and I missed a lot.  Caroline is doing well, I gather?" Older Boys' Bedroom9:56 pm"Dude, is Bonnie ungrounded? You better tell her to stop blowing up your phone," Matt laughed.  "Ah, no, actually Bonnie is still grounded. Her dad is such a dick. This other chick is on me now, Anna!" Jeremy smirked.  "Is said chick like blind?" Kai retorted.  "No, asshole, she's not blind. She was homeschooled or something. She wants me to sneak out and meet her in the woods," Jeremy announced.  "Ah, not a good idea," Erik said coming in from his shower.  "You're cutting it close tonight, little brother!" Conner warned.  Kai guffawed, "Guess he was having too much fun in there!" Erik groaned, "Dude, shut the fuck up! I was putting powder on my feet."  Matt, Kai, and Connor bellowed with laughter, until Connor spat, "Your feet. That's a horrible excuse."  "Anyway, I told this chick I can't sneak out and now she wants me to meet her at the Grill on Friday. I think I have a date," Jeremy said oblivious to everything around him.  "Is she hot?" Matt asked.  "Cute, but weird," Jeremy thought after a moment. Another text from Anna popped up on his screen, although he had already said goodnight.  "I would take that. The pickings at Mystic Falls High School are pretty slim this year. Well, since most I've known since preschool and the other ones aren't single," Matt mused.  "Shh, someone is coming," Connor said turning off his bedside light.  "It's Ty, probably," Matt whispered.  "Hey boys, I just wanted to say goodnight," Klaus said in a low voice. "Everything okay?"  "Jeremy just got a date, Dad," Erik laughed.  "Oh my, Jeremy, who is the lucky lady?" Klaus inquired.  "A girl from school named Anna. She's new. Can I meet her at the Grill on Friday night?" Jeremy asked.  "I don't see why not. Tyler is downstairs eating dinner. He'll be up shortly," Klaus said as he bent and kissed each boy on the head. "Anything you need before I go see my bride?"  "No, Dad. Have fun," Matt said in a suggestive voice.  "Watch it, mister!" Klaus said as he messed up Matt's hair and smacked him on the thigh lightly.  "Sorry," Matt squealed.  "I love you, guys. Now go to sleep and no more wrestling matches. Yes, Uncle Kol told me the whole story. You will pay for that damn table, too. It was not cheap and you have no idea what I had to go through at the mall to get that furniture," Klaus finished as he turned off the last light switch.  As soon as Klaus left, Kai asked, "What the hell is he talking about? 'What I had to go through at the mall?'"  Erik yawned, "No idea. Jesus Christ, Jeremy, turn off your phone. That fucking buzzing! That chick is a stalker!"  Jeremy laughed and powered down his phone. At least Anna seemed to really like him. He had barely spoken to Bonnie since her father came home. Pearl and Anna's HouseA Half Hour Before"Annabelle, try again, we have long waited to have our day again in this town. Our town," Pearl demanded firmly.  "Mother, Jeremy is not answering me back. The thing about texting is that you cannot keep communicating if the other does not respond. It makes one look desperate," Anna explained.  "I have had about enough of your disobedience, Miss. Try again," Pearl stated with resolve.  Anna wanted to protest, but she knew where that would get her so she just sent Jeremy another pushy text.  "Mother, I do not believe Jeremy is going to be able to meet me tonight. What if I met him at the Mystic Grill near town square on Friday night? From there, we can lure him to the cave," Anna suggested.  "Is this just a ploy for you to merry make and fool around, Annabelle? Because if it is, let me remind you that we have serious work afoot that have to do with more than just your new social life!" Pearl complained. "Mother, you are being unreasonable! I am trying to help here, please," Anna begged.  Pearl relented, "I am sorry, Anna. This new world is just too much. My mind cannot, I just feel so disjointed and out of place. I do not understand anything about it. Forgive me for me impatience. I know you are doing your best."  Pearl went to Anna and pulled her forehead to hers. Anna whispered, "We will get there, Mama."  "Yes, we will, Daughter. Now, off to bed. And before you ask again, yes, you can meet this boy on Friday. Your plan may work," Pearl smiled slightly.  "Thank you, Mother," Anna said as she hurried to bed. She would have liked to have an extra blood bag, but Mother was very strict about snacking after dinner so Anna didn't even ask. Salvatore Boarding HouseValerie peered around the corner, he had to be here somewhere.  He was still so beautiful, just as he was when he was human.   "What are you doing up this late, Valerie?" Lily asked sternly. Her slippers clicked on the hardwood floors as she came closers to her.  "Ah, I was going to...," Valerie was a poor liar. Her mind went blank. Lily gripped her by the upper arm and steered her back into her bedroom.  "Then, you march yourself back into bed. Just because things are a little different here doesn't mean we do not still have rules, Valerie. Now the next time, you will not be given a reminder, just a trip over my knee," Lily threatened.  "Mother, what's going on? Valerie, is there something I can get you?" Stefan asked politely. Stefan seemed to have no memory of her, Valerie thought. It had been over a hundred years ago, but the thought hurt. She had thought about him often. "No, Stefan. I apologize if this naughty young lady woke you up. She has a habit of disobeying me and is very close to getting a good spanking," Lily said plainly as she pinched her fingers together.  Stefan flushed, "Ah, Mother, in 2011, people have other methods of discipline, gentler methods. They don't really um, do that, like they did a century ago."  "Oh, well, that is unfortunate because Valerie really benefitted from structure enforced by strong consequences. Not all children were as well behaved as you were Stefan," Lily bragged.  Stefan grimaced, "Mother, Valerie is not a child. I'm sure she is more than capable of behaving herself without you threatening her with violence."  Valerie cleared her throat, "I apologize for any trouble, Mr. Salvatore. Please forgive me, Mother. May I be excused now?"  "Yes, dear. I love you, good night," Lily said tenderly. Stefan did not know what to think. Lily was ready to thrash the devil out of the girl one moment and then sweet and kind to her the next.  "So Mother, how are the plans to rescue your friend, Julian going?" Stefan asked evenly.  "I have not heard from the siphons or Mikaelsons today. I hope they aren't getting any ideas of double crossing me. Now that I have you boys back and Lorenzo back in my life, I only need Julian to make everything complete," Lily gushed.  "My I ask who is this Julian?" Stefan pressed.  "Of course, well, actually, it is a bit late. I promised I would say goodnight to Lorenzo. Could we talk about this tomorrow?" Lily asked carefully.  "Of course. Good night, Mother," Stefan said politely.  "Good night, Stefan," Lily said as she rushed off to see Enzo.  Damon cackled, "Face it, Brother. She doesn't care about us. But her fake kids, wow, she is obsessed with them. Fucking bizarre as shit. And you wonder why I drink so much!"  "Damon, it is odd. She was about to spank Valerie a few minutes ago. Literally, go after her. The look on her face was the same as when she used to go after you.  Valerie's a grown woman, for God's sake," Stefan revealed.  "I'm as kinky as the next guy, but hell, I really do not want to see our own mother doing that in our house. Ewww. Now, if we lose the old lady and it's maybe just the girls...But no, she can't be doing her weird shit like that here. No way!" Damon agreed.  Stefan shrugged, "We have to get them out of here. But I don't know how?"  Damon smirked and stood up straight, "How? We have to help her find this Julian fellow so she can move on. Then, Mother Dearest is no longer our problem and we can concentrate on keeping Elena safe and Katherine at arms' length. And please tell me Enzo isn't falling for her good mommy act!"  "Well, she's in there with him now, apparently tucking him in," Stefan confirmed.  "What is it about this woman? And what the hell is the real story with this Julian Jerkoff? Stef, we need to find out more. Something is not right," Damon fumed. So much for him and Enzo drinking deep into the night...
  
    Chapter Text
    “A lie that is half-truth is the darkest of all lies.”
                                            ― Alfred TennysonThursday, January 27, 2011Klaus and Cami's Room6:03amCami cried as she called her supervisor at the therapy center Wednesday afternoon and took a leave. Her colleagues knew about Kieran and had sent a donation to St. Anne's in his memory.  In a way, working more would take her mind off of her grief, but she knew she was needed at home. The life inside her was making her tired and even more emotional. And her husband...Yes, Klaus. She was worried. He was stressed and she wasn't quite sure how to help him.  "Sleep in, my love," Klaus said as he got up at 6am to start getting the kids up and ready for school.  "No, I'm getting up, too. I want to help you," Cami smiled.  "Absolutely not. Get back in bed right now," Klaus demanded.   "But Klaus!" Cami protested.  "You need your rest. Please, Camille," Klaus pleaded.  In truth, she was tired. "Fine, just this once," Cami said as she shut her eyes.  Klaus went up to start waking up the boys. He sat on Tyler's bed.  "So, straight home after school. Mason can come here for dinner, if you like. Did you even get your homework done last night?" Klaus asked.  Tyler looked guilty, "Nope. I have a study hall second period. So did you end up calling my mom?"  "Yes, Son. I didn't know where you were. Either did she. I hope Mason isn't planning on acting like this every night," Klaus added.  "Yeah, me, too," Tyler said getting up and out of bed. "Dad, I'm glad you're back. Thanks for not being mad last night."  "I was worried, Tyler. It happens again and you might see both worried and angry, that will not go as smoothly. Now, get in the shower, lad," Klaus smiled as he clapped Tyler on the back.  Tyler went to take his shower.  He sure as hell hoped his Uncle Mason knew what he was doing.  Klaus caught Connor coming back from the bathroom, "Son, how are you? I've barely had a word with you since I got back. Anything new?"  "Vo-tech has been good. I know that you ain't too happy about us bustin' that table and Uncle Kol did bust our butts pretty good, but Dad...What if I made us a new table? That way you don't have to buy a new one. It will give me practice. I just need the supplies after we get the wood shop set up," Connor suggested.  "It's brilliant. I love it, Connor. We'll get you whatever you need. I know the younger kids are excited about the tree house. Any plans for it yet?" Klaus asked.  "Yes, sir. We got plenty. They want a dog ramp for Sadie so I'm not sure it should be too high. We really don't want her falling out of the tree and all. I'll show you later," Connor promised.  "Good. How are you getting along with Erik?" Klaus continued.  "Real good, I guess. He said he'd help me with the measurements and plans. Jeremy, too. How's the rest of the construction coming?" Connor inquired as he started to get dressed.  "Well, hopefully, we shall see more progress by the end of the week. I'll leave you to it. Let's talk later in the garage after you get home from school," Klaus went on.  "Sounds good," Connor said as they headed downstairs to breakfast.  After the older kids left, Klaus went to wake up Penny and found her playing in Dana's make up. "What are you doing, sweetheart?" Klaus said trying not to laugh.  "Just fixing my face," Penny said as she brushed blush all over her face. She was careful not to get it on her clothes. If she messed up her uniform before school, they always made her change again.  "Darling, you are not allowed to wear make up to school. You must be a bit older," Klaus said sitting on the bed.  "But Dana wears make up. She said I could, too," Penny said.  "Well, I am your father and I say that little girls in the fifth grade do not need to paint their faces," Klaus said trying to tickle her as he rose up from the bed.  "Dad, I'm going to spill this. Stop!" Penny shouted.  "I'll stop, if you do!" Klaus said.  "I'll only stop if you carry me downstairs!" Penny laughed.  "Fine, but only because I want to," Klaus grinned. "And you must wash that off of your face first." Klaus didn't say how Elijah used to chide Rebekah about her cosmetics a century ago. He thought only prostitutes and low class women used them. It took years before he stopped fussing over the small amount of rouge and lipstick she wore. "Fine," Penny agreed. "Is that good?" "Ah, sure, just let me get this side, " Klaus grimaced. Penny still had make up all over her face and it didn't seem to be coming off. "No more playing in Dana's make up before school."  "Dad, you're being a jerk!" Penny growled.  "Excuse me?" Klaus said, "Did you mean to be rude?"  "Yes, I did," Penny retorted. "I am old enough to wear make up."  "No, you're not. And we talked about you being rude, no? We don't name call. So you can apologize or we are going to have a problem," Klaus said calmly.  "But you are acting like a jerk!" Penny pressed on.  "Penny, that is not how you speak to your father," Klaus said seriously.  "Why?" Penny replied.  "It's disrespectful, for one. Two, just because you disagree doesn't give you the right to hurt someone's feelings. We don't speak to you like that," Klaus said. "Come on. Get on, we're running late." Penny got on Klaus' back and he took her down to the kitchen via the stairs.  "Thanks," Penny said as he set her down by the kitchen table. "You're not a jerk."  A smile tugged at Klaus' lips, "Why thank you, Penelope. Do you mean that or were you afraid I would take your iPad away?"  "Both?" Penny admitted. She ate the toast in front of her by nibbling on it. It was odd for her to not have to drink blood anymore, but she still wasn't too hungry in the morning.  Klaus smiled, it wasn't a great victory, but it was a victory nonetheless.  Finn and Henrik ran into the kitchen shortly after.  Finn shouted, "Penny, something is wrong with your face!" Penny slammed down her spoon, "Shut up. It's make up!"  Klaus squeezed his eyes shut, "Penny, apologize right now. We don't speak like that. Finn, she is trying to wash that off."  "No, I'm not saying sorry until he does," Penny snapped. Henrik was staring at her face. Penny reached over and hit him on the arm. "Stop staring at me!"  "Okay, that's enough," Klaus said. "Apologize or you are going to your room as soon as you get home from school."  "Fine. I like my room. I'd rather be there than with these losers," Penny yelled.  Elijah came in from taking a call in his study, "What in the world is going on?" Klaus filled him in.  "Very well. You are digging yourself in deeper, young lady. Keep it up," Klaus said. He was losing his patience.  "You are all...jerks!" Penny screamed as she tried to kick Finn. Elijah gave Klaus a pointed look.  Klaus left the island area and went over and held out his hand to Penny, "Let's go have a talk."  Penny took his hand and let Klaus led her to Freya's old bedroom.  "Penny, I do not want you to go to school angry and upset, but your behavior is out of control. How about you go look at the mirror and see why Finn made that comment," Klaus suggested.  Penny scowled but went to look in the bathroom mirror, she saw the red blotches and odd colors decorating her skin, "How come it looks good when Dana puts on make up?"  "Sweetheart, she is older and knows what to do. You can do that in a few years. Do you think you are calm enough to apologize to your cousins?" Klaus asked.  "I don't want to," Penny admitted.  "I know, but darling, you were in the wrong here. Let me help you wash your face a bit better. Then, you can speak to your cousins," Klaus said quietly.  Penny frowned, but let Klaus wipe her face off again. The make up did not come off completely, but it was better.  "Finn, Henrik, Penelope wants to tell you how sorry she is for her outburst," Klaus said gently as he pushed Penny forward slightly.  "Sorry," Penny said quietly.  "It's okay," Henrik said as he continued to eat his cereal.  Finn was pouring water in Sadie's bowl. Vanessa was standing by him and she whispered, "What do you say back?"  "Okay, Sorry," Finn said. "I just thought you had a rash."  Elijah had to turn away to hide his smile, Klaus gave him a sharp look and he cleared his throat. "Okay, finish up. The bus will be here soon.  The contractor said that the playrooms should be finished pretty soon. So maybe this weekend....," Elijah smiled.  "Really, Dad?" Finn asked excitedly.  "We'll see. Go get your shoes on and your jackets, kids," Vanessa added as she walked them out to the door.  "Have a good day," Klaus caught Penny before she ran off.  "Thank you, sweetheart. It's much too early to fight. Promise me you won't argue on the bus," Klaus said as he crouched down to her level.  "I promise, Dad. I have art today. Maybe I can draw you a picture of something. What do you want?" Penny offered.  "A little girl wolf, please," Klaus smiled.  "Like me?" Penny asked in confidence. Klaus used his thumb to try to smooth away a splotch of pink on her neck that he had missed. It was a miracle that her white shirt was still clean.  "Just like you," Klaus confirmed as he kissed her goodbye.  Klaus went back to the kitchen and found Elijah cleaning up breakfast. "Remember when you used to harp on Rebekah for wearing rouge when it became the fashion? Well, Penny was covered in eye make up or something when I was upstairs," Klaus laughed.  "She's a bit young for that still, isn't she? Of course, all my disapproval ever did was fuel our little sister's desire to rebel against me. But, Brother," Elijah started as he shut the dishwasher and looked at Klaus.  "But?" Klaus asked.  "You handle Penny well. She's doing so much better. Finn is high strung, too, which doesn't help," Elijah admitted as he began to wipe off the counter.  "Thank you, Elijah. But that's not what you wanted to ask me, is it?" Klaus said. After 1000 years with his brother, he could read him like a book.  "No, let's go look at the building sites. Hector said he thought they were making good progress," Elijah said as he folded the dishtowel and put it on the counter.  "Hector? Are you best friends with the contractor now?" Klaus smirked.  "As a matter of fact, we've struck up a bit of a friendship. He gets a kick out of Henrik's obsession with the construction vehicles. His son, who is now on the work crew, was the same way. Sadie!" Elijah called. He waited until the dog came to the door and then let her out first. The day was cold and overcast. The ground was frozen. Elijah was dressed causally for him in a sweater and navy pants. "No suit today, Brother?" Klaus joked.  "Not to survey the construction. I ruined a pair of $800 shoes yesterday. Vanessa scolded me and told me that I had to dress more appropriately," Elijah smiled.  "She is a rare gem, indeed," Klaus added.  The brothers walked a while until they came to Freya' greenhouse.  The structure was erected, but the wiring and irrigation system was still being installed.  "And over here, is the sport court. They are pouring the concrete, I believe, tomorrow. I wish we had this earlier for the older boys. They will really love this basketball court.  The play area is pretty astounding," Elijah said as he showed Klaus some new features.  "Elijah, just say it," Klaus said as he leaned against a stone wall.  "The hybrids, Niklaus. Tell me about this. What are your plans?" Elijah asked as he looked directly in his brother's eyes.  "Don't be angry. I didn't tell you because I didn't want you to worry.  I guess it all started months ago with the doppelgänger, Elena, Jeremy's sister.  Her blood is the key. I went to the Salvatores and they were desperate to keep her safe. I made a deal with the devil. I told Katerina that I would spare her life if she would help protect Elena Gilbert," Klaus confessed.  "Katerina is back? Helping? I can't believe it," Elijah exploded.  "She has her reasons. I gave her her freedom back after, but only if Elena survives. Katherine, as she goes by now, has been working for me for a while but I still don't trust her. She tried to lure Mason here on her own with no success. But that is neither here nor there. Katherine did pledge to keep her doppelgänger alive, in the end. So Stefan secured a place for Elena at her family lake house where she can...," Klaus paused.  "May I guess? Donate her sacred blood," Elijah surmised.  "Yes, I store it in the vault. And when the time comes, I will have enough to build an army, if need be," Klaus announced.  "Is that why you brought Tyler's uncle back? To turn him into a hybrid?" Elijah said as he looked back at the mansion.  "Yes, the wolves in the Bayou are struggling. If they became hybrids, everything would change for them. I thought if Mason could turn and show them how strong he is, that maybe the others would wish to turn also in time," Klaus suggested. "Plus, I wanted Tyler to know he was alive."  "In time? Ah, so they can breed first? But can't hybrids have children?" Elijah inquired.  "We think, but we do not know for sure," Klaus said. "You know about Camille..." "I've been waiting for you to tell me, Niklaus," Elijah stated.  "I'm sorry. I did not have the words, but yes, Camille is pregnant. It's very, very early," Klaus shared.  Elijah clamped his hands on Klaus' shoulder's, "Niklaus, this is all you need. I beg you. Forget about building this army. It will cause more harm than good. If you throw off the balance of the factions in New Orleans, Marcellus will not be able to return so quickly. Think it over carefully."  Klaus shook off Elijah's hands, "It's all I think about, Elijah. How many damn times have we been attacked here? Two, three, four? Those hybrids would be sired to me. Loyal, immortal, and strong. Think about it, we would be safer."  "No, Niklaus, we would not. Erik, Connor, and Tyler have done exceptionally well. But we are with them almost non-stop, monitoring their blood intake, keeping them on a schedule. Think about it, we make sure they eat, sleep, exercise, and take care of themselves. Plus, they were young. Would an older wolf be able to keep a rigid, disciplined schedule like that? I doubt it," Elijah intoned.  Klaus was troubled, "Maybe you are right, Brother. A hybrid unleashed on the world could prove too dangerous."  "Just promise me, you won't move forward without discussing it with us first, Freya and me. Please?" Elijah asked.  "Yes, of course," Klaus agreed. "I always rely on your good council to keep me on level ground." "Are you sure that's all of it, Niklaus. Tell me now, if there is more," Elijah pressed.  Klaus opened his mouth to share the rest, but then Elijah spotted Hector.  "Oh, there is Hector! Splendid. They are getting an early start," Elijah smiled as he walked over to greet the heavy set contractor.  Klaus shut his mouth and glanced in the direction of the vault. What Elijah didn't know, wouldn't hurt him. Salvatore MansionDamon caught Enzo pouring over old books in his room.  "Man, what the hell are you doing? I didn't even know you could read?" Damon ranted."Yes, I can read, Damon. Your mother asked me to help her with some research. Now, if you will excuse me," Enzo said shutting the door. Damon stuck his book in the door.  "Not so fast. What exactly did Lily ask your help with?" Damon prodded as he tried to see the titles from the doorway.  "Nothing. She also asked me to keep it private," Enzo said firmly.  "Fine, be a dick. Just remember that you are in my house, 'bloke,'" Damon said mockingly.  "I will, Damon. Now, can I get back to work?" Enzo scoffed as he finally was able to shut the door.  "If I didn't know better I would say he is pussy whipped," Damon muttered under his breath.  "May I help?" Valerie asked quietly as she turned a corner.  "Another siphon vamp, how lovely," Damon said sarcastically.  "Yes, well, I am a bit bored as I am not permitted to leave the premises," Valerie revealed.  "Miss, do you realize that you could siphon my mother, my brother, and me to death if you wanted? Why do you let Lily boss you around?" Damon interrogated.  "I love your mother. She saved my life. I owe her everything," Valerie remarked proudly.  "Everything, as in drinking rabbit blood and being on house arrest. Congrats," Damon spat walking away.  "Wait, we were in a prison world for a long time. Your mum cured us all of being...rippers. We killed a lot of people in Europe, especially. Without Lily, I would still be a monster," Valerie almost whispered.  "You, really? Now, your sister, old Nora, I could see her being a ripper, but you seem very sweet.  Would you like to have a drink with me?" Damon asked.  "Is your brother around?" Valerie asked casually.  "Sure, he's downstairs," Damon answered.  "Well, sure," Valerie said.  An hour later, Valerie was drunk on Damon's third best bourbon and he had heard the whole story of how Julian got stuck in the Phoenix Stone.  "So Julian caused the whole fiasco and then the woman he made kill her own father, hunted him down and put him in the stone! That's poetic justice! So why is Lily so eager get Julian out of that sword?" Damon pressed.  "I'm not sure if he's in the sword or just the stone, but Julian would be in a kind of hell. He's facing his worst fears in there. Lily said he's the love of her life, so she needs to get him out," Valerie said as she downed another shot of the burning liquor.  Lily stormed in, "There you are. Valerie, are you drunk? Oh my goodness! Get upstairs, right now."  Damon laughed, "Mother, you can chill out. We are both over age. Why don't you join us for a drink?"  "I don't think so. Don't think I won't spank you just as hard as Valerie tomorrow morning," Lily shouted.  Valerie's face flushed, "Mother, I'm sorry. We were just talking. I didn't mean to get intoxicated."  Lily grabbed her and pulled her off the leather couch, "Come, Daughter. We will discuss this tomorrow."  Damon said Nora and Mary Louise giggling down the hallway. He hollered, "Want a drink?" If anyone deserved a smack, he thought it was those two.  They seemed sneaky and mean to him and were as thick as thieves. There was something sad about Valerie. She told him the whole truth about Julian and it wasn't good. All rippers. Damon went to find Stefan and fill him in. Maybe Stefan could put in a good word with Lily in for Valeria before Lily carried out her sentence tomorrow after dawn?^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic Falls High School Lunch"Hey Jeremy, you didn't answer my texts last night," Anna said coyly.  Jeremy turned and looked behind him in surprise.  "Anna, hey, look I can't be on my phone all night. It keeps my brothers up. I said I'd meet you at the Grill tomorrow night. Is that still cool?" Jeremy smiled.  "Yes, of course. I am really looking forward to it.  Why don't you invite your friend Bonnie?" Anna said glancing around to see if Bonnie was near.  "Um, she is grounded so there is no way that is going to happen," Jeremy said with a curious smile.  "Oh, that is too bad. Can she sneak out?" Anna asked in a low voice.  "Anna, it is kind of odd that you want Bonnie to join us. Is there a reason?" Jeremy questioned.  "Umm, it's just that my mom doesn't allow me to be alone with boys. I told her that a group of us were going," Anna lied. In truth, Bonnie could open the tomb and let us the rest of the cave vampires that her mother wanted free. It was a lame excuse, but Anna didn't know why else to say.  "Okay, well, her dad does travel for business, but you should know that Bonnie and I dated on and off the last few months," Jeremy reported.  "That's okay. Look, you and me are just friends, right? Please ask Bonnie if she can go," Anna said. Anna looked around to see if they were alone. She needed to compel Jeremy again.  He had given her the vervain bracelet that his sister had gifted him when they first met. She removed the vervain and gave it back to him.  "Jeremy, you will convince Bonnie to go to the Grill tomorrow night no matter what you have to say," Anna said slowly.  Jeremy repeated, "I will convince Bonnie to go the Grill tomorrow night no matter what I have to say."  "Good," Anna confirmed. She liked Jeremy, but her mother would never let her date him. Anna's only goal had to be to lure Jeremy out to the cave and Bonnie with him to get her to open the tomb. Then, her mother would be happy and they could start their lives in Mystic Falls again. It would be just like 1864 all over all, just with a new crop of Founding Family members to deal with. Freya and Keelin's Room "Happy?" Keelin asked Freya.  "Never happier, wife. What about you?" Freya asked. "Me, either. I'm glad it all worked out last night with Rachael. She needs you, all of you," Keelin remarked.  "She needs you, too," Freya said as she put her arms around her new wife.  "Rachael is tough. It pains me that these kids have already been through so much and yet it's not over. How is the spell coming? Are Jo and you working today?" Keelin asked as she cuddled with Freya a moment.  "Yes, we are hoping to finalize things. I could really use Bonnie's help. I do depend on her a lot. I also wouldn't mind having Davina's power for this one. I am not sure if the kids can focus as much as they need to. An untrained witch can be dangerous with a spell this powerful," Freya lamented.  "Take your time, then," Keelin urged. "But those kids are trapped in there," Freya reminded her. "I know. Hey, I gotta go to work, but I love you," Keelin smiled as they kissed.  "Me, too. Don't work too hard," Freya pleaded.  "You, either!" Keelin said she left the room. Freya was hoping the spell would be ready by tomorrow night.  Mystic Falls High School Friday LunchMatt looked over at Jeremy and Anna. Anna had cornered Jeremy again today at lunch."There is something weird about that Anna chick," Matt said taking a bite out of his sandwich.  "What?" Connor said, not really paying attention. He ate lunch and then left for vo-tech right after.  "I don't know. She just came out of nowhere, but acts like she's known Jeremy forever," Matt growled.  "You, jealous?" Connor laughed.  Matt laughed back, "Maybe a little?"  "I heard there is a party out by the lake tonight. A bonfire or something? Angela Sardonia, or whatever her name is, invited me. She told me to bring a friend," Connor remarked.  "Oh, you're moving up in the world. A personal invite by the woman herself, Caroline hates that girl," Matt recalled.  "What? She seems okay. She likes my accent," Connor bragged.  "I think she likes your ass. So you want to go?" Matt asked.  "Yeah, but I don't think it starts until 10, I mean it's not a school night but...," Connor drifted off.  Matt reasoned, "Dad never said we couldn't go to parties. Just that we can't drink and drive, right?"  "But we have to be in bed at 11 or 12, they ain't gonna happen if we don't get started until 10," Connor clarified.  Matt thought a moment, "What if we had dinner at the Grill and then the car broke down in a place where there was no service?"  Connor smirked, "No way. That's the worst plan ever. Honestly, it is horrible. Didn't Dad just tell us to call if we are running late? Because he trusts us and all that? "  Angela brushed back Connor's chair, "Hi guys, whatcha talking about?"  Angela had olive skin, brown hair and wide, brown eyes. She wore tight jeans and a red crop top. "You," Connor smiled. "What time is that party tonight? My brother here would like to go."  "About 9ish, my friend Tracy's brother is handling all the booze. But maybe you guys could bring some bud? Make it a real party?" Angela purred. Matt shook his head, "Sorry, Angela. We can't get anything. Is that gonna be a problem?"  "Nah, it's fine. Just bring yourselves. Here, let me show you where to meet us," Angela giggled. She drew a map on a napkin and thrust it in Matt's hand. "Hey, I gotta go. I'll catch you guys later," Connor said smiling politely at Angela.  Angela grinned, "Damn, your bro is hot. Are you sure he doesn't have a girlfriend?"  "Yep, I am pretty sure," Matt said truthfully.  "Cool. We'll see you tonight then," Angela confirmed. Kai came up after and asked Matt who the hot girl was.  "Dude, you up for a party tonight?" Matt asked still staring at Angela walking away. 
  
    Chapter Text
    “I would not be dying if it were not for her. I would have stayed home, as I have always stayed home, and I would have been safe, and I would have done the one thing I have always wanted to do, which is to grow up.”                                                              ― John Green, Paper TownsFriday, January 28, 2011Afternoon  Freya and Jo worked out a plan for the spell to free the children from the prison world ascendent. They knew they needed Jo's blood and probably Bonnie's, as Bennett witches had helped the Gemini create the original prison world.  Kol was helping with the preparations, "How are you going to get Bonnie out of her house arrest?"  Freya bit her lip guiltily and grinned, "I might have meddled a bit, Brother." Kol was interested, "Hmm, I must hear more, do tell, dear Freya."  "Well,  I had Bonnie's father called away on business and her cousin Lucy step in as her guardian. Lucy, luckily for us, is a powerful witch," Freya remarked.  "That was devious of you, Sister. Well-done," Kol said with pride. Freya was truly a Mikaelson through and through.  "Ah, thank you. Honestly, Bonnie's dad was going crazy sitting around at home and his blood pressure got worse, so I don't feel too badly about it. Lucy will help as much as she can," Freya informed them.  "What else can I do?" Kol asked.  "Right now, I think Jo and I need to rest up. We're going to need all our strength for tonight. Klaus and Cami went shopping for clothes. Elijah is with the workman, again. Vanessa is at the grocery story. The older kids are all going to hang out at the Grill after school for a while.  Can you get the little kids off the bus for me?" Freya said. She was exhausted.  "Of course, you ladies, rest for long as possible. Is Lily coming tonight for the festivities?" Kol asked.  "Sadly, yes. We are going to need the other siphons and they are going to have to take this Julian with them. Damon called and said he was bad news.  We shall see," Freya added.  Kol nodded and went downstairs to wait for the bus out by the gate. Right away, he could tell that something was wrong.  "What happened?" Kol asked as Finn, then Henrik, and finally Penny shuffled down the bus steps. Kol went to wave thanks at the driver. He motioned to Kol to come forward.  "Hello, sir," Kol said. The elderly man's tag on his bus visor said "Joe." Kol noticed the bus was empty now. Last stop.  "Hiya, sorry to say but them kids was fightin' the whole way home. I told 'em if they didn't stop then I was gonna have to turn their names in to their principal next week. The little one was fine but the older two wouldn't settle down, maybe you could have a word with them?" the driver asked.  "I'm sorry, sir. It will not happen again. Thanks for letting us know," Kol said. He turned and looked for the older two and noticed they had already headed inside.  Henrik was excited, "Uncle Kol, I told them to stop! They wouldn't listen. Am I getting in trouble, too? I didn't do anything!"  "No, Henrik, you are off the hook, lad. The other two ought to get a...," Kol stopped as he noticed Henrik's wide eyed stare and finished, "talkin' to. Come on, it's okay. No need to fret." Kol took Henrik's backpack and asked him about his day. Henrik's hair was messed up in the front and he had juice spilled down the front of his shirt.  Kol quipped, "Rough day in 3rd grade, huh?"  Henrik was confused and asked if he could have popcorn for his snack.  "I think your father cut up fruit or something in the frig. We just had popcorn yesterday. You're going to turn into a piece of popcorn!" Kol said lifting Henrik in the door.  After getting in the house, Penny and Finn had already ready tried to find their respective parents to plead their cases. Kol directed Henrik to get his fruit and go play by himself.  Kol yelled, "Huh-uh, Finn and Penny, come home a seat." Kol led them to the great room. Both kids started yelling and talking over each other.  "I cannot hear when you are both yelling in my ears. Before you both start fibbing and pleading your cases, I think you ought to think a minute about what really happened. Now, who can tell me what started this?" Kol said firmly.  Finn raised his hand, "Penny sat in the seat I usually sit in because she wanted to tell Henrik a joke. She only wanted to sit there because her friend was sick. It's not fair." Kol clarified, "But the bus was empty. Were there more kids when you left school?"  "Yes, it was totally packed. My friend was gone and I didn't want to sit with some weirdo. I just wanted to sit there a minute and he dragged me out of the seat!" Penny defended. She pointed to Finn as she emphasized he. "Don't point at me, Penny! She called me a..., it's a curse, a... bitch! Uncle Kol, she's not allowed to say that," Finn said with a winning smile.  Penny was defeated, "I got mad because I just wanted to sit there a minute. It's not a bad swearword."  Kol put up a hand, "It sounds like Finn, you should not have tried to drag Penny out of the seat. But Penny, you know better than to curse like that. It is a bad curse word, by the way. Did things get worse after this?"  Both children nodded, Penny admitted, "I scratched Finn and then the bus driver yelled at us. I might have kicked him a little. Uncle Kol, can you not tell my dad or Uncle Elijah, please."  For the first time, Finn agreed.  "Yeah, we're friends again. Right, Pen?"  "Sweetheart, if I did that, I would be just as naughty as you two were," Kol responded. "Do you think you two ought to say something to each other? For real?  Finn, maybe you started this by putting your hands on Penny. She can sit where she wants to on the bus."  Finn started to protest, but Kol gave him a stern look. "Sorry, Penny."  Kol now gave Penny a searching look, "I am sorry for calling you what I did....,"  "And?" Kol prompted. "Oh, and scratching and I kicked him once," Penny added. She glanced nervously behind her. Klaus and Cami came in.  "Oh hi, Penny, I got you new shoes. I'm not sure if they will fit, but...What's wrong?" Cami said looking up at Kol.  Kol grimaced, "The bus driver reported them fighting to me. He said he is going to have to complain to the school if they keep it up." "Oh really?" Klaus said heavily.  Finn and Penny both hopped up and started grumbling and arguing with Klaus.  Kol threw up his hands, "You deal with them. I tried. I'll go see to Henrik."  Klaus pointed for both children to sit again.  Klaus told Cami to go rest for a while. He sat down on the couch between the two of them.  "Why don't you both tell me something good that happened today?" Klaus said.  Finn frowned, "I got a 94% on my science project. We lost points because Ben messed up, but it's still an A."  Penny thought hard, "I got invited to my friend's house for a sleepover! It's her birthday." "Those are both wonderful things. You know, sometimes we overlook the good because the bad overshadows it. So you had a fight on the bus, what can you learn from it?" Klaus said as he put an arm around both kids.  "Not to fight?" Penny asked in confusion.  "Just let Penny sit where she wants?" Finn added.  "Finn. Now, if you get reported to the principal and get thrown off the bus, you know you are in big trouble right?" Klaus pressed.  "We won't!" Penny promised.  "I know," Klaus smiled. "What I would like is for you two to start working things out on you own. Do you think you could try that?"  "Yeah, Uncle Klaus. We can do that," Finn said leaning forward to look at Penny.  "If we get real mad, we'll just fight it out, right?" Penny smiled coyly.  "Oh sweetheart, do you two really want to fight each other? Perhaps we shall get you a wrestling room and you can haul off and..." Klaus ventured.  "What is all this now?" Elijah said coming in.  "Daddy! You're home," Finn said getting up  "You are still in your school clothes. What happened?" Elijah asked.  Klaus said, "We got it all worked out, I think. Right, children? Go get your snack and go change."  Penny ran off to the kitchen. Elijah scooped up Finn.  "Hang on, buddy. Is this blood on your neck?" Elijah asked.  Finn looked at Klaus for help. "Ah, Penny and I got into a fight on the bus. But we're okay now."  "What? She scratched you? Is that all?" Elijah pressed. Klaus frowned.  "Elijah, Finn pulled her out of the bus seat," Klaus interrupted.  Elijah held up his hand for silence. "Finn, I asked you a question."  "She kicked me and called me a...bitch," Finn admitted.  Klaus looked at the cut, "I'm sorry. I didn't know he was bleeding or that the rest happened. Kol got them off the bus."  Elijah gave Klaus a hard look, "That could get infected. Come on, Finn, let's put some antiseptic on it."  "No! That stuff burns," Finn cried as he pulled away.  "Aunt Freya has some medicine that won't hurt you. Come on," Elijah said gently coaxing Finn to come with him.  "I'm sorry, Brother. I didn't know," Klaus cringed.  Elijah ignored him and took Finn to get the medical kit. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mystic GrillAfter SchoolAnna was nervous. She kept checking her watch for the time. She knew she was early, but she wanted to come and hang out and people watch. What did people talk about? What did they actually do? She ordered fries and a soft drink and tried to appear as she was on her cell phone. The only people she texted with were Jeremy and now her mother.  "Hey, you're early!" Anna said with delight. "Yeah, my dad said we could come right after school," Jeremy said happily. Matt, Connor, and Kai had also come. Jeremy knew they were planning on going to a party later on.  Jeremy thought he might join them if things didn't work out with Anna. Despite what Anna claimed, Jeremy thought she was interested in him romantically. Rachael and Dana sat at a table near the bar. They seemed to be checking out an older boy who was working the tables near them. They hadn't been invited to the party, but they couldn't drive so someone would either have to take them home or let them tag along and crash the party. Tyler was spending the night at Caroline's.  "Where's Bonnie?" Anna said looking around.  "She'll be here later," Jeremy promised.  "Cool. Want to play some pool?" Anna suggested.  "Sure. You break," Jeremy grinned.  "What does that mean?" Anna asked nervously.  "Ha, ha. Very funny," Jeremy added. Anna got up and followed Jeremy to the pool table. She would watch and learn. In a few hours, the cave would be opened and her mother would finally be happy. Salvatore Boarding HouseLate AfternoonLily was dressed and ready to go. Lily wore a long white dress with a hat. Her reddish hair was pinned up primly and she had a handbag and gloves. Nora and Mary Louise were out shopping with Stefan. Stefan has pleaded with Lily to be lenient with Valerie and the best she would do was to confine Valerie to her room, though Valerie was to pen an essay on why drinking spirits was in poor taste. "Where are you off to, Mother? An orphanage to turn some randoms into more of your blood sucking family members?" Damon quipped.  "No, Son. I am going to the Mikaelsons. They claim that they are going to release Julian from his prison world tonight," Lily said joyfully.  "So this Julian...Was he a ripper, too?" Damon asked as he poured two fingers of bourbon and downed it in one shot.  "Sadly, yes. All of my family acquired that unfortunate quality, but I learned how to cure them. That's how we grew so close in the years after..., well, it's a sad thing to remember. I am sure he is fine now," Lily insisted.  "You know, Stefan used to think he saw you after you 'died." He thought you were an angel," Damon remarked blithely.  Lily froze and turned slowly. For a second, she let herself feel what she did when she was human. "Damon, I didn't want your father to send me away. If that nurse hadn't turned me, I would have died. All I thought about in that asylum was about you and Stefan. God forgive me. I thought that I could see you both again, in some form," Lily said in a shaky voice.  "But instead you fled to Europe?" Damon spat.  Lily went to Damon and put down the glass he was pouring. "I went to the estate. I flew up to Stefan's window. I saw my baby, my boy, and all I thought about was tearing out his throat. I listened to his heart beat and I knew if I didn't flee that I would drain you all," Lily revealed.  Damon could not look up, "So it was you. I told him it was a dream. That you were at peace. He kept going on and on about it.  But I guess I couldn't imagine that you would visit him and not me."  Lily drew in her breath quickly, "You were my first born, Damon. When I had you, I was merely a child myself. When you came out of me, it was like a part of my heart was walking around. I loved you more than myself. I know I was hard on you, but I had to be. I did everything I did to protect you. And look, you are still here. You know what your father was like."  "You had to be? You had to let Father...,Funny, you are still here, too.  Never mind, I don't even care," Damon said wrestling the glass out of her hand.  "Damon, I spent years trying to save up money when we were human. To get us out of there, that house. I am so sorry. I had no money, no power, no family," Lily shared.  "But yet, you became a vampire and left us with him. Do you think he was any better after you 'died', Mother? Newsflash, he killed us. He killed both of your sons in the middle of the road," Damon spat.  LIly gripped Damon's arm, "I thought I could fight through it, the lust for blood. You boys, you are the reason I was coming back from Europe. Then, the Gemini captured us on the ship. Damon, I never forgot you, I just buried you in another place in my heart. It wasn't all bad, was it?"  Damon thought, "At one time, Mother, you were my angel, too. But I guess you only cared about Stefan. That's okay." "No, Damon. I sent Oscar to look after you during the War. It was before the rest of your unit went to Gettysburg, he convinced you to go...home," Lily drifted.  "That was Oscar? Did he compel me?" Damon asked bitterly.  "He didn't have to. Then, the rest is history," Lily remarked. "But I never forgot you, Son."  Damon took a drink, "You better go, Mother. The Mikaelsons and your Julian await you."  "Damon...," Lily tried again.  "Just go, Mother," Damon said roughly.  Lily walked to the door without looking back. Once she got Julian back, she could put her family back together again.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionSecond FloorFreya woke up and found Elijah treating Finn's neck scratch in the big bathroom in the hallway. Finn was sitting on the bathroom counter. "Oh my, what happened? That looks bad," Freya exclaimed.  "Penny scratched me," Finn said glumly.  Elijah looked at Freya tightly.  "Elijah, hon, let me do that," Freya said taking the cotton swab from him. He let her and watched at she daubed the area with antiseptic ointment.  "Any other injuries, Finn?" Freya said looking him in the eye.  "She kicked my shin," Finn confessed. He could tell his dad was mad. Finn knew it wasn't directed at him, but it was scaring him all the same.  "Oh my, you do have a bruise there. I'll put on some aconite, or wolf's bane on it. Be careful with this, it will burn Uncle Klaus, Tyler, Connor, and Erik if it touches them, but it helps with bone bruises," Freya smiled.  Elijah kissed Finn on the top of his head and lifted him off the counter.  "All done, now go play," Elijah said with a smile. Freya turned to Elijah, "You're angry."  "I am. Penny has to stop attacking the boys. Niklaus lets her get away with it over and over again," Elijah fumed in a near whisper.  Klaus was approaching the bathroom. "Elijah, I am sorry. I didn't know she did that. I will speak to her more about it," Klaus promised.  Elijah stormed out and entered his and Vanessa's room. "Speak to her.  You know, Niklaus, I think after she draws blood, you might want to be a little more firm with her," Elijah stormed.  "You just said I was good with her this morning!" Klaus yelled back.  "That was before she clawed Finn and bruised his leg!" Elijah retorted hotly.  Freya interjected, "Brothers, tonight is a big night. We have guests coming for the ceremony. Let's not get out of sorts."  Vanessa came out of the bathroom in a robe, "What's the yelling about?"  Elijah snapped, "Nothing. Our son just got attacked by Penny again. And Niklaus, you can't use the excuse that she is a hybrid anymore because she is just a little brat in need of a sound spanking!"  All the adults turned and noticed Penny standing in the hallway carrying a drawing. "Penny!' Klaus said as he turned to go to her. "You're mean! I hate you all," Penny shouted from the the doorway. She stopped and tore the drawing in half before she ran off.  Klaus picked it up. It was a picture of a little wolf girl with a man with yellow hair, a woman, and an assorted family. In the corner was a dog. Klaus cast a glare at his brother and then went after his daughter.  Elijah sat on the bed and saw Freya cross her arms across her chest and then looked at Vanessa who looked disappointed. He laid back on the bed and put his arm over his eyes.  Mystic GrillEvening"Hey Jer, we're taking off for Angela Sardonia's party," Matt whispered as he caught Jeremy on his way from the restroom.  "Cool. I'm gonna stay here, man. We're waiting on Bonnie. Oh, there she is. Hey, have a good time," Jeremy said as went to greet Bonnie.  "About time you are free!" Jeremy said wrapping Bonnie in a warm embrace.  "Yeah, my cousin Lucy bailed me out. She's staying with me for a while. Actually, she's going to your house in a little bit. I am going to meet her there. What was so urgent about me meeting you at the Grill tonight," Bonnie asked.  "Do you know about Elena?" Jeremy asked directly.  "You mean about Katherine and the....plan? Yeah, Jer, I know," Bonnie admitted.  "Did everyone in town know except me?" Jeremy said his voice rising.  "It's not like that. Elena will talk to you when she gets back. She can explain more. Is that your new friend Anna?" Bonnie inquired.  "Yeah, I'll introduce you," Jeremy said politely.  "Bonnie, it's great to meet you. I actually knew one of your relatives," Anna smiled sweetly.  "Oh, my cousin Lucy?" Bonnie asked in confusion.  "No, this relative was a tad older. Her name was Emily," Anna smirked.  Bonnie went to cast a spell, but Anna grabbed a butter knife off the table and deftly dug it into Jeremy's ribs. "I'll gut him like a pig. Yes, I knew Emily Bennett. A witch who betrays her own kind for vamps, sick. Well, tonight you are going to do the same thing or this little piggy goes to market. Understand?" Anna gushed pushing the knife hard into Jeremy's side.  "Don't hurt him. I'll do what you want!" Bonnie promised.  "We need to go back to Fell's Church. That's where my life fell apart. Tonight, we are going to right some wrongs committed by your ancestors. Bonnie, you can drive," Anna said as she steered Jeremy out with Bonnie in front of her.  Jeremy cast a worried glance at Dana and Rachael. They didn't seem to be paying attention at all. He tried clearing his throat, but they never looked over. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Elijah and Vanessa's Room"Brother, she's just a little girl who's had a hell of....well, lifetime," Freya scolded.  Vanessa added, "Really, Elijah, the look on her face! You know how hard Klaus is trying with her." "Ladies, I do not need to be scolded like I am a recalcitrant teen. I simply will not allow any child to hard Finn or Henrik even if she may have 'issues.' Now, if you could kindly drop the issue and allow me to have a few minutes to rest my eyes," Elijah rebutted.  "Elijah! I've never heard you speak like this. I'm going to go check on the children," Vanessa said with tears springing in her eyes.  Elijah groaned and go up to follow her.  Freya shook her head, "Just a minute, buster. I'm not done with you."  Elijah smiled a little at that, "Buster. Am I really in trouble now? Oh damn, Freya, I've made a mess of things. But I will take care of it. You need not intervene."  "I will be the judge of that," Freya started. She felt her jean pocket for her phone. "Hang on. It's Dana."  "Dana, what's wrong? Jeremey? And Bonnie? Okay, we'll be there. Just hang on," Freya said patiently.  Elijah stood, "What's up?"  "Dana and Rachael overheard Jeremy's friend Anna...kidnapping him and Bonnie. It seems she is a vampire. They are at the Grill stuck there. We need to get there fast," Freya gasped.  Elijah nodded, "Okay, let's go." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Fell's Church"This is where the nightmare began in 1864. The good townspeople of Mystic Falls rounded up 28 vampires to burn. One vamp, Katherine Pierce, escaped...but the rest, like my mother got trapped in this cave. Emily spelled them to protect them, but oh how they suffered. Slowly starving to death, trapped in the dark calling out to those of us still on the outside for help that never came," Anna directed. "That's terrible, but we won't help you open the tomb. It's too dangerous," Bonnie said.  Anna still had a tight grip on Jeremy, she bared her fangs.  "Fine. But we can't let them all out," Bonnie yelled.  "We don't want to. But we need a few that my mother needs out," Anna shared.  "Let's hurry this up. I have other things to do tonight," Bonnie scoffed.  Anna jabbed Jeremy with the knife and he yelped out a plea for mercy.  "I said don't hurt him. I'll do it," Bonnie growled. "Déblotché par mon sang." Bonnie repeated the incantation and then shed some of her blood and smeared it on the cave door. She had more power now. Her cousin Lucy had shown her how to channel. Bonnie reached out and grabbed Anna.  "Argggghh, " Anna moaned.  "Don't fuck with a Bennett witch," Bonnie spat.  "They burned Emily at the stake. Katherine turned her in the council. Did you know that?" Anna flung at Bonnie wildly.  "What do I care? That is old news," Bonnie said, but as she grew angrier, her power grew. The stone in front of the tomb rolls and the seal broke.  Pearl stepped down into the stone ramp. "Mother! It is done."  "Good girl. Now we get our friends out. Miss Bennett, thank you for your assistance," Pearl smiled.  Anna said, "I'll get Harper, Bethanne, and Henry out."  "Fine, I'll find Charlie, Jacob, Billy, and Frederick, " Pearl said as she vamped and snatched Jeremy to drag into the tomb with her.  Bonnie screamed, "What are you doing?"  "If we get trapped, this boy is trapped, too," Pearl informed her.  "You are fine. Can we go?" Bonnie said tiredly.  "Once we get out our people," Pearl assured them.  A few minutes later, Pearl and Anna had revived all the vamps they wanted.  "Annabelle, we need take leave. Say goodbye to your friend. You won't see him again," Pearl instructed.  "Homeschooling again?" Jeremy said bitterly.  Anna pointed to her cell, "Call me."  "Lose my number," Jeremy said as he turned away.  At the second that Pearl and Anna vamped away with the vamps they wanted, Elijah, Freya, Klaus, Rachael, and Dana came. "You just missed them," Jeremy yelled pointing.  Freya looked at the tomb, "Should we reseal it?"  Kol looked at Kol, "Let us clear it out first."  Freya protested, "We can't kill them all."  "They are a threat," Klaus said quietly. Freya nodded and looked at Bonnie. They did a sun spell and burned everything in the tomb to ashes.  "Now, we can seal it," Freya stated.  Klaus asked, "Where are the boys?"  Jeremy shifted, "Um, they went to a party."  Elijah asked, "Where?"  "Not too far from here. It's in the woods. Dad, they weren't going to drink and drive, I swear," Jeremy added.  Klaus frowned, "Let's go pick them up and get home. These woods are not safe by any means." 
  
    Chapter Text
    Friday, January 28, 2011NightWoods Two Miles Outside Fell's Church"This is it, man. I guess I better use something. Give me a condom," Connor whispered to Matt. Matt drunkenly high-fived Connor, "All right, man. Angela is pretty hot. Just don't let her brother see you."  "That guy? He's like a buck five and 15, I ain't worried. Thanks, bro. Oh, keep Erik occupied. I don't want him knowing about this," Connor said quickly as he shoved the condom in his back pocket. He had waited a long time for this moment. Now, it was here.  "No problem. Go pop that cherry," Matt grinned. Kai came over and heard the tail end of the conversation.  "Is he really a virgin? I mean, he doesn't seem like it," Kai inquired as he drank deeply from his red plastic cup.  "Dude, he says he is. I don't know why he would lie. What about you? I know you were trapped in that prison world and all," Matt questioned, suddenly looking at Kai.  "Yeah, it's been rough. I mean, that's the other thing about being a vampire...I want to drink blood and you know, all the time," Kai admitted.  "I don't want to drink blood, but I get the other thing. Angela is pretty hot. Fuckin' Connor and the accent," Matt scoffed.  "I think she said she likes his ass," Kai laughed. "What about her friend? The girl in the purple shirt?"  "Pretty, but stuck up. You can try it, man.  It's weird without Ty here. He never was one to miss a party, now he has to hang with Caroline like rubbing her feet or something," Matt groaned.  "Well, he knocked her up. I don't think he minds that much," Kai added.  Erik left the group of guys he was drinking with. One was smoking a cigarette. "Where's Connor? He didn't get lost in the woods taking a piss or something did he?" Erik chortled. "Dude, you are drunk as hell. And stay awake from people smoking or Dad or Uncle Elijah is gonna smell it on us," Matt lectured.  Erik sobered, "Oh shit, you're right. At least we stayed away from the weed. Jeremy told me ten times that it ain't worth it to even try to smoke."  "Yeah, cause that dumb ass got us busted for it more that once. If you like sitting, stay the hell away from it," Matt warned.  "Hey Erik, aren't you in my study hall?" Cassie smiled.  "Ah, 3rd hour? I think so. Do you sit by the door?" Erik continued.  Matt eyed Kai in relief that Erik was distracted.  "You better quit drinking so you can drive us home," Kai reminded Matt.  "I will after this beer. Beer doesn't even really affect me," Matt pledged. Kai rolled his eyes and looked up at the sky. It was overcast and chilly. There was a bonfire, but he and Matt were near a tree talking. At times, Kai was just glad to be outside and free. He didn't need much to be happy, except to keep his mind clear of his problems.  "I wonder if we should have asked Jo," Kai said suddenly.  "Yeah, man. She's stuck at home with the old folks. Isn't she working on that spell, though?" Matt asked.  "Yeah, but I still should have asked.  Maybe I should head out. Do you think Uncle Kol will pick me up?" Kai questioned.  "No, don't leave me here. Come on, stay a little while longer, man," Matt begged.  "Okay, this beer tastes like piss, though," Kai spat.  Erik broke away from his conversation and came over to Kai, "Do you hear that? Take a walk with me to the trees."  Matt was confused, "What is it?"  Kai heard it, "Moaning? Let's go. Matt, stay here."  Matt felt like the weak and puny human again, "Fine."  Erik followed the sound to the tree line in the nearby forest. Too late, Kai realized what it could be.  "Wait, Erik!" Kai shouted. But Erik had already seen his brother and Angela in the act.  "Ewww," Erik snickered.  "Sorry, I should have warned you," Kai cringed.  "No, I'm just glad he's finally getting some and that it's not what I thought it was," Erik laughed.  Kai started to ask what he thought it was, when a vampire stumbled out of the trees.  "Kai!" Erik yelped as the man tried to grab Kai and bite him. Erik pushed the vampire back into the trees so the teens at the party could not see what happened.  "Now! Take off your bracelet!" Erik prompted. Kai snapped off his anti-siphoning bracelet and laid a hand on the dirty, tattered jackets and began to siphon out of the vampire magic from the creature. Connor heard the ruckus and came over buttoning up his pants, "Who the hell is that?"  "How do we know, Romero?" Erik bantered.  "Hang on," Connor said to Kai. "Maybe we should...."  The vampire got a sudden burst of strength and pushed back. Connor grabbed him and snapped his neck easily and let him fall to the ground. All three vampires looked at each other in shock. Angela ran up, "Oh my God! Is that a hobo? So gross."  Connor whispered, "I'll compel her. We better get out of here. This is serious. We can't just leave him here."  Erik kicked a tree, "We'll in for it now. Ain't no way we can talk our way out of this one. What are the chances?"  Kai leaned down and examined the body. "This clothes are old. Like really old. Is this one of the camp vampires?"  Erik cringed, "I reckon it is. We're busted. I might as well just call our dad now." Erik pulled out his cell and noticed there was no service.  It was then that they noticed the SUV pulled up. Kai spouted, "Don't bother trying to call. They are here." ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mikaelson MansionFreya apologized to Lily for the late hour. She had already called Lucy and told her about Bonnie. "Bonnie, are you okay?" Lucy asked looking over her younger cousin carefully.  "Yeah, I'm fine. Sorry about all this. But welcome back to Mystic Falls," Bonnie said sheepishly.  "It's okay. Never a dull moment. Maybe I better do your back of the spell. You look tired," Lucy offered.  "Yeah, that would be great," Bonnie smiled.  Freya asked Jeremy to see his vervain bracelet.  "Sure," he said handing it over. She sniffed it and handed it to Klaus to examine more closely. "There is no vervain in this anymore. I'm sorry, Jeremy. I wonder if you were compelled," Klaus stated.  "That explains my memory gaps and why I was harassing Bonnie to go to the Grill tonight," Jeremy admitted.  "It's okay. Head up to bed. Matt, Kai, Connor, and Erik, I would love to know how you thought you were getting home tonight," Klaus asked tightly.  Matt spoke up, "I was going to quit drinking, sober up, and drink us. Dad, I wouldn't drive drunk."  Klaus corrected him, "You are not to drive while drinking. Period. You can forget about driving for the foreseeable future. Freya, do you need Kai's help for the spell?"  "Not if he is drunk," Freya said sharply. Rachael and Dana exchanged a surprised look. The golden boy was in trouble. Jo was sitting quietly in a chair looking over an ancient book. The ascendent was in front of her.  Kai pleaded, "I'm not drunk. Please, let me help. I can help."  Lily frowned, "There is too much drinking going on in this town. Maybe we need a new temperance movement."  "Perhaps. Kai, you can stay, but we'll discuss this all more later,"  Freya said firmly.  Elijah had chained up the vampire in the woods and moved him to the dungeon in the basement level until they figured out what to do with him. He seemed strong. That alarmed Elijah. He could have killed the boys and the humans out there in the woods.  "Okay, Connor, Erik, Jeremy, Matt, why don't you guys head up to bed? We'l talk later," Klaus said levelly.  Cami came down to see what was happening. Klaus asked her how Penny was. "She's upset and hurt," Cami whispered. Elijah winced. Freya gave Elijah a sharp look. She would deal with it later.Friday, January 28, 2011Mystic Falls, Virginia Mikaelson Mansion Kitchen"My first impulse is to hunt down Pearl and her treacherous daughter and slaughter them in their beds. No one threatens our family and lives...," Klaus growled. "How dare they lure Jeremy and Bonnie to that tiresome cave for their nefarious purposes?"  "But?" Cami prodded. She looked over at Bonnie and her cousin Lucy standing by the table. They resembled each other, but Lucy was taller and had more striking features. Bonnie was huddled in her jacket as if she were still cold and Lucy was whispering to her. Lily was on the couch in the great room sitting stiffly. Kai sat on the fireplace and they were talking quietly as well. "But, I shall see to the children and take measure of the full situation first," Klaus promised as he pulled her into a tight embrace.  Elijah hated to break up the moment, "Brother, I will speak to Penelope. Camille, truly, I am sorry. I didn't mean for her to hear me. I shouldn't have behaved so rashly. I know she is just a child."  "She will be fine, I'm sure," Cami assured him. She put a reassuring hand on her new brother-in-laws' hand and smiled.  "And we have more pressing matters to take care of right now, I'm afraid," Freya said indicating Lily. "I think we're ready to start the spell." Elijah touched Klaus on the arm, "I'll speak to her now, if that's alright with you."  Klaus looked at Elijah and knew that Elijah would die for his family. He softened.  Regret and exhaustion was written all over Elijah's face and his impeccable suit was even rumpled.  "Of course it is, you need not ask, but thank you. I'll stay here. You and Camille go," Klaus offered.  Freya nodded to Elijah and turned back to the assembled people in the room.  "We have an area outside prepared. I am sorry about the cold, but the more we can draw power from nature, the less power the siphons will need," Freya said looking at Jo, who just came in the room. "Also, it will lessen the blood required from Bonnie and Lucy. Shall we? Jo, you have the ascendent?"  "I do. Now or never. We will draw our power from Venus as it is passed by the waning Moon. Antares and Scorpius will also allow us more power that we can only access today," Jo shared.  Kai and Lily came out from the great room to join them.  Kai asked, "How do you know tonight is the best night?"  "I've been studying the sky charts and when the prison world was created. Our Gemini ancestors used Bennett witches to seal the original prison worlds. Lucy also found some old archives that helped. If we don't do it tonight, we might not have enough power," Jo warned.  "How come my prison world was so much earlier to open?" Kai wondered.  "Because you weren't housing the Phoenix Stone and our dear Julian. He made a mortal enemy when he tangled with the Huntress and now your little sibling had to pay the price. Your parents just wanted them safe from the long reach of your coven, not trapped forever. It is the safest place at the time for them all," Lily conceded.  Klaus stepped forever, "If Julian is not ready to be released, we can house him here until he is ready. I am surprised your sons did not come with you tonight. Or your other siphon vampires? Couldn't they help if Julian is a touch feral?"  Lily corrected Klaus, "I did not wish them here. Julian is my responsibility. I will take him home tonight and help him with my love. He will be just fine."  Klaus deflected, "Very well, then. Let's get on with it."  Freya led Kai, Bonnie, Lucy, Dana, and Rachael to the circle that she and Jo had prepared earlier. The circle was created from salt and rimmed with white candles. Jo carried the ascendent carefully though it had been shaken around in her backpack for days at a time.  Klaus and Lily stood to the side to watch. As Klaus watched the witches fill a blood with Jo's blood mixed with a touch of Bonnie and Lucy's blood, he thought about his children. It dawn on him that Tyler was the only one who did disobey him today.  He pushed that aside as he was just grateful they were all okay.  "Terra Mora Vantis Quo Incandis, per Vasa Quo Errum Signos. Phasmatos selvus Terra Mora Vantis Quo Incandis, per Vasa Errum Quo Signos. Phasmatos selvus nos ex malom terra mora Vantis Quo Incandis per Vasa Quo Errum Signos. Terra Mora Vantis Quo Incandis," all the witches began to chant as Freya dripped the blood over the ascendent.  Freya looked up at the sky and pulled down a great deal of power, her eyes rolled back. Jo grabbed Kai and said, "This is it." They both touched the ascendent and disappeared.  Kai blinked and looked at Lily. She looked at the sky, "They have to go in and get the children and the sword."  Prison WorldMay 1994 Kai couldn't believe it. They were...home. "We're back in Portland, Oregon.  The old house. God, Jo, I can't go back in there," Kai said suddenly.  Jo turned to her twin and said firmly, "We must. We have to find the ascendent, get the kids, get the sword and get out. Okay? No one is going to lock you up here. Never again."  Kai took a deep breath, "I, I mean, we can do this. Let's go."  Kai entered the white clapboard house they grew up in. The porch was covered in toys and the screen door was shut, but the front door was open.  Kai went through the hallway into the kitchen. The calendar read May, 1994.   "Who are you?" a little boy with curly blond hair said.  "I'm Kai, your brother. You must be Joey?" Kai said crouching down.  Joey's eyes grew wide with fear, "But you're bad! Stay away."  Jo came in and swooped him up, "Oh my God, Joey. I never thought...it's okay. Kai's not bad."  "But Daddy said..," Joey protested in confused.  "Where's everyone else?" Jo asked holding him out at arm's length. Her blue eyes flashing with concern.  "They are out playing with Julian," Joey giggled, as if they should have already know that. "Where are mommy and daddy? They said they would get us, but it's been a long time."  Jo and Kai looked at each other.  "Julian takes care of you?" Kai pressed. He checked Joey for bite marks and didn't find any. "Yes! We're playing hide and seek," Joey said proudly.  "Joey!" Julian vamped inside. "And I thought I was hearing voices! Where are my manners? You must be the Gemini twins. Please tell me you are here to rescue us."  "We are. But we thought you were in the stone," Jo said in confused.  "The Huntress must have been incapacitated because the bond weakened. I was able to fight my way out, maybe because I was the first she put in there. Good thing because the babysitter your parents provided was really inadequate," Julian scoffed.  Kai demanded, "Where are the other kids? What babysitter?"  Julian pointed out the kitchen window. He saw a three year old Rosy and now seven year old twins Liv and Lucas running with a young woman. She was slim and had red hair. Jo ran and joined Kai to see what he was seeing. "Aunt Jill?" Jo yelled.  Jill turned and looked toward the house.  "It turns out that you weren't the only siphons your family was hiding," Julian revealed.  "But we thought she was dead!" Kai said. He had seen pictures of his aunt from when she was young. She looked exactly the same as she did in the pictures.  "But that's impossible. She didn't age at all," Jo said to no one in particular. Joey clung to her leg. Jo peeled off the little boy so she could run outside.  "Aunt Jill? I'm Josette. This is Kai. Liv? Lucas? Remember us?" Jo said as she grabbed the twins.  Kai picked up Rosy. She was too young to remember him.  "Well, I'd be damned. I've been in this prison for 17 years. Let's get the hell out of here," Jill said steadily.  "Where's the ascendent?" Kai asked.  "Julian has it," Jill revealed.  "Here," Julian said offering the ascendent. "What do we need to do?" "Jo needs to bleed on it. Get all the kids together. Julian, do you need to bring the Phoenix Stone with you?" Kai asked.  Julian nodded, "I do have some friends in here. I don't think there is much here that we need to take.  Personally, I'd left Jill here for eternity, but I suppose she can tag along."  "He never shuts up. Kids, come on, let's play Ring Around the Rosey," Jill coaxed. She got them all to hold hands and Jo used a knife to complete the ceremony. The first thing Kai felt was Freya shaking him, "Kai, oh, I was ready to come in after you."  Jo blinked and felt Rosy and Joey's small bodies pressed up against her. Aunt Jill was holding on to Liv and Lucas.  Lily rushed over, "Julian! It's really you. Oh, my love."  Julian picked up Lily, "I never gave up hope of this moment. You are all I thought about."  Klaus asked, "Is everyone okay? Children? Who might this be?"  "I'm their aunt. My name is Jill. My brother imprisoned me on the day Josette and Kai were born for being an abomination. I supposed he told everyone I died. He promised that he would never stop searching for a cure.  Then, one day he appeared with his kids begging me to take care of them and he gave me this sword. A few months later, Julian appeared. If I wasn't a siphon, I think he would have eaten all of us," Jill complained.  "That's a lie, Jill. I only would have eaten you. Speaking of, might I have a bite?" Julian asked.  Klaus tossed him a blood bag, "Here, mate."  "Thanks. Do I know you?" Julian said slurping down the blood.  "I don't think so. Lily, you are free to go. Do you need a ride? My brother Kol offered to drive you," Klaus said.  "No, thank you. My son, Stefan, is at the gate. This is a wonderful day for our new family," Lily professed.  "Wait," Julian said goodbye to each of the children. He promised them that he would call on them soon.  Freya said, "Let's get the kids into the house. It's too cold out here."  Jill gave her a pained look, "Let me say goodbye." "What? What's wrong?" Freya asked.  "It must be a curse. Only my brother could lift it in case I escaped. It was worth it to be free for just these few minutes again.  I am dying," Jill gasped.  Jo paled, "No! Can we send you back to prison world?"  "No! I would rather die here with you than spend another day alone there. Children, listen closely. I think I know how to break the curse of the Gemini...," Jill shared. "You must destroy all the ascendents. The monsters inside them will finally die.  The same magic that created the prison worlds created the need to merge. Destroy one, destroy the other..."  Kai looked on in horror, "We only had her for a little while. Is she gone? "Yes," Freya said gently. "I'm so sorry. We need to get the children inside."  Jo leaned down and kissed Jill on the cheek. Loss was second nature to her now, but at least they had the kids back. She picked up Rosy and started toward the house.  Girls' BedroomEarlierElijah tapped on the doorframe and walked into the large room.  "Penny, I came here to talk to you a moment," Elijah said somberly.  Penny was on the couch playing a game on her iPad.  "Penny," Elijah said sitting down, "I owe you an apology. I should not have said what I said. I'm sorry."  Penny said, "You said I was a brat."  Elijah nodded, "I did. I should not have said that. I was angry, but that is not an excuse."  "Why?" Penny asked continuing her game.  "Because you hurt Finn and sometimes I feel like your father lets you get away with too much," Elijah admitted.  "You said I should get spanked more! That's mean," Penny scolded.  "I know, Penelope. I was out of line," Elijah continued. "I didn't mean to hurt your feelings."  "Daddy was mad when Finn and Henrik broke his lamp, but he didn't say anything to them!" Penny reminded him.  "Oh, that is true. Penny, you know, adults make mistakes, too. I hope you can forgive me," Elijah said sincerely. "I ripped up my picture and I worked really hard on that," Penny confessed sadly.  "Dear, your father taped that up. He really loved it. I wish I could promise you that I, or anyone else, in this family would have hurt your feelings or disappoint you again, but I can't. But I can promise you that I love you and don't think you are a brat," Elijah smiled.  "It's okay. Sometimes I am. I didn't mean to scratch Finn. I just didn't want to sit with this boy on the bus. My friend was sick and there were no other seats," Penny explained.  "Why didn't you want to sit there?" Elijah questioned.  "The boy said he likes me. I felt weird, but I didn't want to tell Finn because he would make fun of me," Penny said softly.  "Oh Penny," Elijah said with emotion. "Can you old uncle have a hug?"  "Yeah," Penny said. Elijah pulled her on his lap and rocked her. He stroked her black hair.  Freya and Keelin's Room"Keelin, we have some new people for you to meet," Freya said gently. Keelin had just gotten home from work.  Dana, Jo, Rachel, and Kai stayed with the younger kids while they were fed and bathed. Freya had clothes set aside prepared for this night.  Kai and Jo went to bed, but Rachael and Dana stayed. Rosy fell asleep on Dana's lap on a chair. Rachael and Freya sat on the bed with Lucas, Liv, and Joey between them. They were asking about Jill and Julian, not quite understanding what happened.  "Hi kids, I'm Keelin," she said softly.  Keelin smiled at Freya and Rachael. "They are really tired," Freya said as she stroked Lucas' head. They had sippy cups of milk and little bowls of goldfish and teddy grahams.  Crumbs were all over the bed, but neither woman cared. "I can't believe they are really here," Rachael mused.  "Me, either," Keelin said kissing her on the head.  Dana said, "She's asleep." "Let's put her in the toddler bed," Freya said. They had set up four smaller beds near the wall. Due to the size of the room, they fit.  "I'll get her," Keelin said in a near whisper. She tenderly lifted the three year old and placed her in the bed.  "How about you, buddy? Want to get in a bed?" Freya prompted Lucas.  "I sleep with Liv. We can stay here," Lucas stated.  Freya nodded and figured they could move the kids once they were sleeping. Rachael and Dana headed to bed.  Keelin sat near Freya, "So you guys did it? Amazing. I can't believe they are really here and real."  "Yup, do you realize the playroom should be ready tomorrow? It's almost as if it were meant to be. How was work?" Freya asked.  "Busy. I need more salve. It's selling fast," Keelin assured Freya.  "I need that greenhouse up and running yesterday," Freya groaned lightly.  "We'll start on it....We probably will be shopping all weekend. These kids are going to need a lot," Keelin laughed.  "I know!" Freya agreed. "But I don't care. I am happy. There was an aunt trapped in that prison world from 1994. She died coming out of the ascendent. She told us how to break the curse. It turns out all of the ascendents need destroyed."  "Is that feasible?" Keelin asked.  "We have to find them first. That could take time. We have five years.  Let's go to bed. These kiddos need sleep," Freya added.  "So do you," Keelin laughed.  Freya agreed. She gazed at the sweet faces of the children and felt content. They were safe.  Boys' RoomLaterKlaus found his sons and Kai in their beds or getting ready when he came in the room. He had tucked Penny in. She told him that Uncle Elijah had made up with her and she wasn't upset. Klaus would rather be accused of being too soft on his kids, than too hard. Being like Mikael was to him, was his still his greatest fear.  To Kai, "I'm sorry about your aunt, but happy about your siblings."  "Thanks, Uncle Klaus. I am happy they are out of there," Kai acknowledged.  "Jeremy, how you holding up?" Klaus inquired.  "Uh, I'm kinda, well, I guess I felt used," Jeremy admitted. Klaus nodded.  "We'll deal with that situation shortly," Klaus vowed.  "Connor, Erik, and Matt, I hope you have all sobered up," Klaus said firmly.  "Yes, sir," Connor said. "We're real sorry about all that."  "Look, boys, I am glad you are okay. Erik said he was going to call me. That vampire was very strong and old. He could hav ripped out your hearts," Klaus warned.  "But he didn't, Dad, we're okay. Are you going to, you know,?" Matt started . "Smack your disobedient backsides? I'm not sure yet, but you are all grounded this weekend. You can help with Kai's siblings and getting their bedrooms ready. The playroom is almost ready. You will be busy with chores. I don't even know if I will have time to give you a hiding," Klaus mused.  Matt started to protest that he needed to know if they were going to get spanked tomorrow or not. But Erik cut in quickly, he was afraid that he father would flip all of them over in bed and give them a sample if they pushed him a fraction further.  "That's okay. We'll help out. We know we messed up, but Dad, I was going to call you as soon as that vamp came out of no where," Erik swore.  "I know. You all gave me an awful scare and I know a lot went on tonight. I think we are all tired and very lucky how things worked out.  Now, give your father a hug and go to sleep," Klaus chuckled. He hugged and kissed each boy.  "I love you. We'll talk more tomorrow."  Klaus was happy to go to bed where his beautiful bride was waiting. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Saturday, January 29, 2011Mystic Falls, Virginia Mikaelson Mansion  Freya and Keelin's RoomSeven year old Lucas woke up in the middle of the night crying for either Jill or Julian, Freya and Keelin couldn't make out which. His twin slept quietly next to him in the big bed. Keelin snapped on the soft bedside light and picked him up.  "Lucas, shhhh, shhh, it's okay," Keelin cooed quietly. The other children were still sleeping soundly.  Freya said anxiously, "Did you have a bad dream, Lucas?"  Lucas looked at both women with surprise and began to wail. This woke up Liv.  Freya went to her, "Go back to sleep. He's okay. He just had a bad dream." Liv shut her eyes and seemed to go right back to sleep. Freya couldn't help but to stroke her cheek and brush back her curly, blond hair from her sweaty forehead. Keelin took Lucas over to the couch, "Do you want a drink? Some water?"  Freya got him a little water bottle from the mini-fridge. She took off the cap and gave him a sip. He immediately spilled water on his new p.j.s and refused to drink anymore.  "I'll get a towel," Freya fussed.  "J-Jillluan," Lucas moaned. Again, it sounded like both Jill and Julian.  Keelin looked at Freya and shrugged. How could they tell these kids that Jill was dead and Julian left? Furthermore, they would someday have to tell them that their parents were also deceased.  Freya covered Rosy with her blankets again and grinned. She had ringlets of red hair and resembled her older twin sisters, whereas Joey looked like a younger Kai.  Freya heard Lucas cry out again and this time it sounded like mama. She wondered how long it took her to quit called out for Ester in the night ten centuries before. Months? Years? When had Dahlia first told her that Ester didn't want her? When had she finally broken down and started to believe it? She had been so young that her memories were more flashes and impressions. Freya's thoughts were broken by Keelin's arms around her.  "Where were you?" Keelin whispered in a husky voice. Freya's shoulders were shaking. "Sorry, I....," Freya dissolved into tears. "It just reminded me of when Dahlia took me. How could my mother have let her take me?"  Keelin  put Lucas back into bed as he nodded off and now cradled Freya. "I don't know. It's okay to talk about the past. You know, you really don't say much about Dahlia to me," Keelin ventured.  Freya wiped her face, "I can't. The rage. I can control it better now, but if I ever let it all go...I feel like I could destroy the world. And we have too much here worth saving. Thank you for being here. I know you lost your parents and so many in your family, too."  "That was from wolves not backing down, fighting to the death. And for what? Instead of vampires hunting us, we almost killed off the rest of our kind. And these poor babies, lost their parents because of a witch curse. It's too much to think of now.  Come on, let's go back to bed. I bet these kids are gonna wake our asses up early," Keelin advised. She led Freya to her side of the bed and helped her in. The kids were sleeping in the middle of their gigantic bed.  "We need to do about a million things tomorrow," Freya worried.  "Hey, none of that worrying. Ya here, just let me hold you. Well, sort of, because I don't want to wake him up again or let them roll of the bed, " Keelin giggled. Freya and Keelin held hands above the kids' heads in the bed until they fell asleep.  Older Boys' Room7;42 amKlaus decided to wake the boys up early today. He tiptoed out of his own bedroom as to not wake up Cami.  There was a lot to be done. The construction crews were working outside. With the smaller Parker kids now out of the prison world, there were a few beds and inside construction projects he needed help with. Typically, he and Kol would have done it all themselves but he told Kol that he and the boys would handle it.  Tyler was still over at Caroline's and was expected home this morning. "Rise and shine, campers," Klaus bellowed as he walked into the sleeping quarters. None of them seemed to stir. For a brief moment, Klaus wondered if he should check their breathing, but he could hear Jeremy's and Matt's hearts beating so he knew they were still alive.  "Boys, come on. Up! We have a lot to do," Klaus said in a cheery voice.  "Dadddd, just beat us, please, then let us go back to sleep," Matt groaned. "Ah, my head."  Kai grumbled, "I told you to quit drinking, dude. But you were fine to drive?"  Matt picked up a dirty sock off the floor and threw it on Kai's bed.  "And yes, you will be cleaning up this bloody room today, too. Now, your uncle has breakfast ready and then you are going to help me get the new kids' loft ready. Connor, I think you will love it. It's quite the construction feat...," Klaus chattered as Connor got up. He nodded as Klaus filled him in on the day's projects.  "Sounds great, Dad. Can we order the wood and materials today for the tree house?" Connor asked as he slipped on his sweatpants.  "If you think you're ready, sure," Klaus said picking up some dirty clothes and putting them in the hamper.  "Ten minutes, Lads. If I have to come up here and retrieve you, you won't like the results," Klaus called as he continued to talk Connor's ear off as they walked out of the room. Matt and Jeremy took off for the bathroom.  "Um, does Dad seem like unnaturally happy to you? Chipper, even?" Erik asked looking around at Kai and his brothers.  Jeremy blushed, "Ah, I guess he's getting laid on a regular basis now."  Erik cringed, "Ohhh, gross. Yep, that explains it.  I can't think of it. It's bad enough perfect little Connor was screwing in the woods last night. Does Dad even know about that? And are we really off the hook that easy?"  Kai now felt himself flush, "I think I'm going to get my butt whupped. Freya didn't seem real happy with me. But that's not fair if I get my ass torn up and you guys don't. Especially when you talked me into going to the party and staying. I should go see if the little kids are awake. I guess them being out is all that matters, but damn if I'm getting that freakin' spoon today, I'm running away."  Erik laughed, "Don't even joke about that. I did run away one time. It ain't worth it." "Oh, you were trying to save the world, though, right?" Kai pressed  "Yeah, and I really didn't. But shit, we ought to get down there. Hope you are better with a hammer than you are with chugging!" Erik said punching him on the arm. "We're gonna get you a baby bottle next time."  "Let's just say, I have no idea if I am or not. And there is not going to be a next time I tramp off into some crappy party in the freezing woods so Connor can get laid.  But can I practice compelling some of the construction guys to do our work for us? Because I am probably gonna suck. Where is Ty?" Kai asked.  Matt came back in from the bathroom and yelled, "Hurry up, assholes. Ty is on his way back. So he isn't in trouble and either is Jer since he got compelled. I wouldn't be surprised if we get lined up and whacked after breakfast."  "Nah, I think we're off the hook. Just as long as no one acts like a dick and screwed up. Honestly, I'm not worried. I think we're just grounded and have to do shit all weekend. Honestly, we hardly do anything around here so I ain't going to complain," Erik lectured.  Matt agreed, "True. I have a hangover. Erik, can I have a little bit of your blood? Cause if I am in a pissy mood, I'm gonna get an attitude and I will end up pissing off Dad."  Erik nodded and vamped so he could bit into his wrist. He normally would have dripped the blood in a cup, but they were in a hurry.  "What the hell are you doing?" Kol asked sharply.  Erik dropped his bloody wrist guiltily, "He didn't feel well so..."  "Because he has a hang over. Matt, we don't know what the long time effects of vampire blood are. There is a chance that it could turn you in time. Come on, everyone is waiting on you," Kol said grabbing the boys and ushering them out. He held Erik back a minute.  "Erik, I know you didn't mean any harm, but you have to be very selective with your blood," Kol informed him.  "What do you mean?" Erik asked.  "A human could take it and then if they die, they turn. That vampire then becomes your responsibility," Kol told him in no uncertain terms.  "But he just wanted healed," Erik defended.  "I know. But sometimes humans learn best from physical reminders. A hangover is a sign that a human drank too much alcohol, right? Take that away and what's to stop him from wanting more blood the next time he drinks, and so on," Kol pointed out.  "Oh, sorry," Erik said sincerely. "I know. You father told me about last night. You know you can always call me if you are in trouble. I will drop everything and come get you," Kol said as he started out into the hallway.  "No questions asked?" Erik couldn't help but press.  "Oh, mate, there will be pretty of questions," Kol joked. "But remember, you don't call for help and you're in even more trouble."  "I tried to call last night when that big vampire come out of nowhere, but there was no signal," Erik admitted. He had been scared. If he wasn't a hybrid, the vampire would have easily overpowered them.  "It frightens me that you were out there. You know you aren't an Original. One freakish creature rips out your heart and you are dead," Kol said sternly.  "I know. I wish I was as strong as you," Erik said softly.  "With training and practice, you can be, Erik," Kol assured him. "Now, let's get down there before we both get hollered at for lingering up here."  After breakfast, Elijah was cleaning up. Klaus and the boys had headed up to the bedrooms to start putting together some equipment. Freya and Keelin were just coming down with the younger kids.  "Sorry, it took us a while to get up. They were more tired then we knew," Freya informed him. She introduced all the kids to Elijah. He was taken with Rosy, in particular.  "Rosy, how charming. Look at that red hair, just like her big sisters. No worries. We have pancakes, fruit, yogurt, cereal," Elijah said showing the kids the food.  Keelin helped them all get plates and they sat at the smaller kitchen table.  "We thought the dining room table might be too overwhelming," Keelin explaining cutting up a pancake for Rosy. "Too big and too many people there."  Freya asked, "Where's Vanessa?" She went over to the island area where Elijah was loading the dishwasher. It sometimes seems like it was the only thing that Elijah did all day, load, unload, load, unload. "She is upstairs. She's not really speaking to me. I guess, I tried to talk to her, but...Klaus and Penny forgave me for my little outburst, but Vanessa seems angry with me. Freya, I feel awful. I'm sorry, I know this is a happy and busy day for you," Elijah said over the chattering of the kids.  "No, it's fine. I'll speak to Vanessa and then maybe you and me need to have a talk. You are getting stressed and worked up again brother, I can tell," Freya said meaningful.  Elijah hadn't slept well and was irritable, "Do what you will, Sister. We spent all night arguing about things. Not just that, but about a lot. I tried to make her see my side, but I just made things worse. Just help me make up to Vanessa. I can't bear her angry with me."  Freya smiled and put her hands on top of his, "I will. But this might end with you getting an attitude adjustment today. That outburst came from you taking on too much, you know that right?"  Elijah winced, "I understand. Freya, please just speak to Vanessa.  I can't seem to make this right on my own. The children are adorable, by the way. Oh, looks like we need more pancakes..."  Freya went over and whispered to Keelin, "I'm going to see if I can catch Vanessa after I wake up the girls."  Girls' Room "Ladies, time to get up. Everyone else has eaten. Dana, Rachael, Keelin could use your help with the little kids. Lukas woke up a few times last night," Freya shared.  "Is he okay?" Dana asked.  "Now he is. We couldn't make out if he was calling for Julian or Jill. Penny, hon, get up. You can meet your new cousins," Freya said gently.  Penny wiped the sleep from her eyes, "Are they nice? Are they girls? Can they play with me?"  Rachael laughed, "We told you all of this last night. Come on, let's go downstairs and you can see for yourself."  Freya then headed down to find Vanessa. She found her in her bedroom folding clothes. It seems like a mountain of laundry to Freya, but Vanessa looked determined to finish. "Whoa, this is a big job. The kids should be helping you," Freya reminded her.  "It's taking my mind off your brother. I guess you heard that we had our first big fight," Vanessa shared.  "Sorry, Vanessa. He's upset. I know he is tense, but what happened?" Freya asked gently sitting down. Vanessa put down the shirt she was folding, "Truly, I don't know. He had that outburst over Penny scratching Finn and...it's like he shut down. He can't talk to me about it.  I think sometimes he tries so hard to be perfect that he snaps. Like with the boys, he knew how to be strict with them, then maybe I convinced him not to be. Then, maybe we were too lenient. Now, he knows how to deal with them much better for them, but it's taking a toll on him. I don't think Elijah knows how to decompress."  Freya nodded, "Vanessa, Elijah spent centuries trying to check Niklaus in check. This last time they fought and it was a bad one, something changed in their dynamic. Niklaus doesn't need Elijah as much as he did before. And the kids are great, but yeah, Elijah has had to learn a whole new way to communicate and deal with them. I get the impression with Marcel, so long ago, things were vastly different. Today is more...complicated."  "What should I do, Freya? We fought all night. I was crying. I know he feels awful, but I'm not sure how to be there for him. I feel like until he realizes that he does not have to be perfect, he'll never be happy. He doesn't always have to have everything 100% clean. I mean, he gets out of bed to clean. It drives me crazy," Vanessa revealed.  "Would you like me to try to work with him? There might be a spell I know that can help. It might help to dig into the past a little to see where this perfection and cleaning obsession started...But I'm going to need some time with him today," Freya said gently.  "Do what you need to do. I feel like we need to get to the root of this. He can't relax and no one is a perfect parent...Plus, with a house this size and the kids, it's never going to be totally clean. I'm so sorry, Freya, the kids! How are the kids? I'll come see them after I'm done with this," Vanessa promised.  Freya laughed, "How about you come now? The girls and I will help you fold the rest of this. They promised to help out more. This can be a start. Well, not dear Penny, she is helping her dad with the bed building and construction stuff today..."  "Sounds good. Let's good. I am a shit folder anyway. Elijah always refolds everything I do anyway," Vanessa said casting a bitter glance at the neat stacks she just folded.  "Really? He does that. That's insane. I mean, there is so much," Freya remarked with a whistle.  "Yep, it has to be all done before we can...ah, go to bed," Vanessa whispered.  "No, really?" Freya hissed.  "If not, he can't 'relax,'" Vanessa said with a bitter smile.  "Oh my, you know, my talk with him might take more time than I thought. Are you taking the boys to that library program today? You might need to go alone," Freya mentioned.  "Sure, it's at 10am. We were going to go to the Grill after," Vanessa shared.  "Perfect," Freya said as she walked out with Vanessa. This chat with her brother was long overdue.  Lockwood Mansion9am"Tyler, you better get up," Carol Lockwood said. She walked in her son's room, as she still thought of it, to find him fast asleep.  "Mom, just let me sleep," Tyler groaned.  "Son, Klaus was expecting you back an hour ago. He said they were putting together a bunch of furniture. Plus, he seemed to think you were at Caroline's last night when I spoke to him," Carol said with a meaningful look.  "You called him!" Tyler said getting up.  "Honey, we needed to talk about some other things. Of course, you came up. Did you have fun with Mason last night?" Carol said as she stood by Tyler's bed peering down at him.  "Yeah, we did. We hung out at the old Lockwood property for a while. But Mom, why did you call? Now I'm going to get in trouble for lying," Tyler said bitterly.  "Then, maybe you shouldn't do it, young man," Carol said firmly. "Why did you lie over something so silly. Klaus is fine with you staying here or at Caroline's as long as he knows where you are."  "Mason kept me out late once and we didn't have dinner, ah Da-, Klaus doesn't like me hanging out with him. He thinks he's a bad influence," Tyler said as he sat up.  "Tyler, it's okay if you call Klaus 'Dad', I know that is what he had been to you. Richard was a good man, but he had demons of his own. I suppose many of them were the werewolf curse. I sometimes think if we just knew at the time then things would have been so much better. Are you happy there, honey? At the Mikaelsons' house. If not, you can always come home. You and Caroline and the twins can live here, you know that," Carol offered.  Tyler got up and smiled, "Thanks, Mom. I know that. I'll come home some day. But right now, I really need to get home. Tell Mason I said bye."  Carol smiled back. That was what she expected Tyler to say. She had to hurry to a committee meeting. She was the chairwoman and she was late.  Mikaelson MansionThe Garage9:56 am"Hey guys, what's all this?" Tyler said coming into the garage. There was wood and boxes everywhere. It looked like a small play set for a toddler. Erik and Matt were putting together a small scale bookshelf. "Work. I'm sure you ain't gonna recognize it, rich boy," Connor said in a light voice.  "Very funny. You need help?" Tyler asked.  Klaus came into the garage with a set of instructions and pencil.  "Tyler, you are back.  Come over here. I'd like to have a word," Klaus said as he put down the papers and pulled Tyler by the arm.  "Is there a reason you lied to me?" Klaus hissed.  "Dad, it's not like that. I was at Caroline's and she just wanted to sleep. Mason swung by and picked me up to hang out at our old family property. He wanted to see me turn hybrid. Then, we just hung out and went home and slept," Tyler confessed.  "You couldn't call or text?" Klaus pressed.  "I should have. I'm sorry. Am I in trouble?" Tyler said nervously. He couldn't help but recall the time his father bent he and Matt over the work bench a few feet away from where he stood now and swatted them with that awful Jokari paddle. If that happened in front of the other guys, he would die.  "Aye. You can consider yourself grounded this weekend, too. The younger Parker kids are here now and we need to get everything ready. You can help up in Kol's old bedroom. He's up there now with Jeremy, Kai, and Penny," Klaus said firmly.  Tyler exhaled, "Fine. I'm glad they are out of that prison world."  Klaus stopped, "You're not going to argue?"  Tyler shook his head, "I wasn't planning on going out anyway." Klaus hugged Tyler to his chest, "I love you. Sorry if I was a little hard on you, but last night some of the cave vampires got out...I'm sure your brothers can tell you the rest. I thought you were safe at the Sheriff's house and now I come to find out that you might have been in danger. We have one of the vamps in the cell downstairs. He's very strong."  "Oh, I didn't know. I'll get up there now," Tyler said quickly.  "Thank you, Son," Klaus said heavily as he went back to work. Kitchen"Brother, I spoke to Vanessa. I think you ought to fetch that ruler you used to be so fond of and meet me in my old bedroom. We are long overdue for a chat," Freya said firmly.  "Sister, let us not be hasty. I am sure we can talk this out without that ruler. I'm not even sure if I know where it is," Elijah fussed.  "You have one minute before I get my big teak spoon and a slotted metal one. Now move," Freya ordered.  Elijah vamped to his study and was back a moment later with the old, oak ruler.  "Good. Come on, let's get this over with before Vanessa and the boys are back," Freya said quietly.  "What about the children?" Elijah argued.  "Keelin and the girls are playing with them now upstairs. They will be fine," Freya insisted.  Elijah exhaled and followed her into her old bedroom.  "Have a seat on the bed please," Freya said after she locked the door. To Elijah's horror, he saw she already had salve, a towel, and even the paddleball paddle set up on the side table.  "That paddle is only if you don't behave. Now tell me why I need to spank your behind for how you have been acting up," Freya demanded.  Elijah looked down in shame, still holding the ruler. "I yelled at Niklaus and accused him of not discipling Penny enough. I said she was a brat in need of a spanking and she heard me,-" Elijah started.  "Dear Brother, those are things you already apologized for. Now what did you do that you haven't apologized for yet? If you don't tell me, I can't help you," Freya implored.  "I snapped at Vanessa a time or two. I argued with her that I'm not too uptight, that I don't put the house and everyone else first before myself and us. But I do," Elijah admitted.  "Elijah, do you know why you are so concerned with cleanliness and order? Have you always been like this?" Freya wondered.  "Not until I became a vampire, to be truthful. Then, cleanliness became much more important to me. Odd because germs cannot kill us," Elijah almost chuckled.  "After I spank you, we can talk about some spells I know that may help us figure it out. You realize I am punishing you so you can get over all of this and you can move on?" Freya asked.  "Yes, Sister," Elijah said. He was resigned to his fate.  "And another thing, we might not always agree on the what is right for the kids. That's okay, but maybe we all need to sit down and talk. I trust all of you to act in my stead and I would hope you to do the same.  I know you are trying so hard to do right by the boys, but giving them a swat on the rump once in a while doesn't mean you failed them. If they need it, they need it. It doesn't reflect poorly on your parenting, okay? You can't hold yourself to the highest standard in the world and then torture yourself when you don't meet it. Do you agree?" Freya asked gently.  Elijah's crumbled, "I do. That's exactly what I've been doing. Making it about me, what I need, not what they need.  I put all my energy into perfection and then I fail...I can't do it anymore. It's tearing Vanessa and me apart."  "I have another punishment in mind after I finish giving you a hot bottom with your infamous ruler, a vacation," Freya announced. Elijah winced when she said 'hot bottom' as he was used to doling out the chilling threats, not being on the receiving end. He almost missed 'vacation.' "Butt he boys will miss school!" Elijah argued.  "Trousers down, Brother. I will turn around. Yes, the boys will start here. The vacation is only for the two of you. Go to the Maldives, Bali, Hawaii, hell, anywhere, but go relax," Freya insisted.  "But the construction. Hector said,-" Elijah went on.  Freya gave Elijah her sternest glare, "One more word and you are marching out to the kitchen to get the school paddle with holes in it and I will use it on your bare behind. Now pants down. You are taking that lovely woman on a long overdue vacation. Kol is handling the construction. Our little brother has shown himself very capable and responsible. Do you understand?" Freya said her hands on her slim hips.  Elijah gulped and took off his gray slacks and jacket. He folded them neatly on the dresser. Hector, the contractor, would be wondering where he was, but Freya was not playing. She set up pillows on the bed with a towel over it and indicated that he should bend over. For that, Elijah was grateful.  "Salve time," Freya said softly now as she carefully gathered up the material of Elijah's black briefs to bare his cheeks and coat them in the spray version of her salve. She was glad he had worn briefs and not boxer shorts so she did not have to completely bare him later.  "Freya, I love you for trying to help me, but this part is a little excessive. You know, before you were around, I was the one who keep everyone in line," Elijah gasped as the salve began to sting slightly.  "Even Niklaus? It seems that he ran wild for a few centuries. Our brother collected quite an odd assortment of enemies and a reputation as a monster," Freya lectured as she picked up the heavy 12 inch ruler. She flipped up Elijah's white dress shirt to uncover more of Elijah's rear end.   "Well, that is true. Niklaus was beyond my reach. But Rebekah and Kol, and then Marcel were not easy to reign in at times," Elijah continued.  "Kol was a little rambunctious. I hear about some sanatorium he destroyed, him misbehaving with witches he ran with...," Freya smiled as Elijah was bent over and waiting.  "Yes, we went through a rebellious phase, but we dealt with it. Well, Niklaus gave him the dagger and sometimes Rebekah, but...I am glad you are here now, Freya," Elijah finished in defeat. Before Freya, it had been on Elijah's shoulders and he had failed then, too.  "Me, too. Now let it all go. Niklaus was not your total responsibility. Do you ever wonder why you are so fixated on his salvation? Elijah, when the time is right, I'd like to do a spell to get to the bottom of all of this. Maybe going back to right before you were made vampires. Would you trust me to do that?" Freya whispered, now tapping the ruler against his cotton briefs. Tap. Tap. Tap. "Yes, Sister. I trust you," Elijah said as she whacked him firmly over both cheeks. Whap!Whap! Freya struck him in the same spot. Whap! Freya began to pepper Elijah's behind all over in hard, fast stokes. She steadied him with her left arm. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!Elijah was able to remain still and silent until she gathered the cotton material firmly and bared more of his buttocks. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap!With the coating of the anti-healing salve, Elijah heard himself gasping and calling out, "Owww" and "Ouch" with each smack of his own ruler. He began to shift and try to move, but now Freya's left hand was clamped on to the back of his briefs pinning him in place. He would be spanked as long as she choose to continue. Crack! Crack!Freya began to whack each cheek up and down from side to side until red marks appeared. Elijah was shocked at the sting and the heaviness of the strokes. He was certain he had never spanked this hard with a ruler, aside from a few times when Marcellus had smarted off or Kol had lied to his face."Freya, I am sorry!" Elijah yelped as Freya began to paddle the same spot over and over again for five swats. "For what?" Freya pressed. Elijah's mind was focused on the sting and the fire. For a second, he wasn't sure. Then, a hard crack lower on his sit spots reminded him. "I am sorry for t-trying to b-be perfect! For being a pain in the ass all the time," Elijah said almost ready to weep.  Freya stopped as her heart broke. "Dearest Brother, you are not a pain in the ass. You are wonderful. You take care of every person and thing in the ridiculously, giant house. You are a fabulous cook, laundress, lunch maker, cleaner, and listener.  We all look up to you and have the highest respect for you, but it's okay to let loose. The high school kids can start making their own lunches or buying. We can iron our own clothes and if we don't, we can look like crap," Freya spouted.  Even from his bent over the pillow position, Elijah laughed. "I know. And if we go on vacation, you guys will look like...crap. I know none of you will iron. But there is that dry cleaners that delivers. We're not done here, are we?" "Not even close," Freya smiled. She sat on the bed and put another pillow over her lap. "Over. I need to make sure that you understand that we have you cracking up on us. Sometimes I think of this family as a crew of a ship. Maybe Klaus is the captain, Kol is the first mate, and you are the navigator."  Elijah started to protest being over her lap until he saw the gleam in her eye. "If I have to use my magic, I will spank you tonight and I do not care if Vanessa is there or not."  Elijah paled and scrambled awkwardly over with as much dignity as he could muster in his briefs and dress shirt, which was not much.  "Who are you in this crew?" Elijah muttered as he grabbed another pillow to hold on to. "I think the cook because I'm always cooking up spells and remedies," Freya said. "I'm going to make this a good one so we don't have to do this again. And I mean it, if you and Vanessa are not on a plane to some exotic locale, I will paddle you every night you linger here. Klaus and I have been to New Orleans multiple times, but you guys have been stuck here."  "I agree. Freya, that salve really works. My backside hasn't stung like this since Mother walloped me with her cooking spoon for not doing my chores properly when I was 12. I'm learning a lesson here," Elijah pleaded.  "Good. Enough talk," Freya said as she bring her palm down on the seat of his briefs hard. Smack! Elijah immediately felt his leg jerk.Smack! Smack! Soon, his feet were pounding the bed and he was trying to reach back to protect his backside. He couldn't help it. "Move your hands or I'm going to pin them, bare your bottom, and paddle you!" Freya warned. Smack! Smack! Despite two firm smacks to the top of his thighs, Elijah couldn't unplaster his splayed hands from his smoldering backside.  "It hurts," Elijah said breaking down in tears finally. The ancient vampire felt 12 again. Begging Mother to stop never worked even once. "Move your hands!" Freya tried again. She didn't want to carry out her threats, but she had said them, now she felt like she had to. Crack! Crack! "S-Stop, p-please, n-nooooooo," Elijah wailed. "Owwww, ahhh, eeeewww." Crack! Crack! Crack! "Give me your hands," Freya demanded. In one fell swoop, she pinned his hands and yanked down his briefs.  "That's for not cooperating. I warned you about the paddle," Freya reminded him. She reached over to pick up the paddleball paddle and brought it down smartly.  "AHHHHHHH," Elijah sobbed. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Elijah's backside was a shiny red, but Freya decided to give him a few more softer taps with the paddle.  Pop. pop. pop. pop.  Freya listened to Elijah's cries as they tapered off and she swatted him lightly every few seconds as he still kicked and thrashed over her lap like a naughty child. With her pinning his hands, he couldn't move much, but she thought he needed to cry it out more than anyone ever did. pop. pop. "All you can do is your best. Nothing is going to be perfect. You don't have to look perfect. The kids aren't going to behave perfectly. We're all never going to get along perfectly. This house is a work in progress. You tell Vanessa how much you adore her and that you will put her first. The kids will grow up and move away someday. She has to be your number one and feel like it. She deserves that and so do you. She's literally given up her life for this family," Freya intoned. Pop. Pop. Elijah cried, "Because Kol killed her!"  Freya laughed, "Yes, he did. Brother, everything is okay. Well, I am not sure about the camp vamp in the dungeon, but maybe the Salvatores will take him? I'm not thrilled with Klaus just grounding the boys for lying and partying in the woods, but we'll work it out. You and Vanessa go and have a wonderful time. We'll take care of the boys and you come back refreshed," Freya had put the paddle down and now was rubbing Elijah's back. She had another jar of salve she had made a few days earlier.  She handed Elijah a tissue and said, "I imagine this stings more than Mother's spoon." Elijah sniffed, "Indeed. I will let the house descend into a slovenly mess and you can all wallow in it like pigs if you like dearest, if I can avoid another trip over your lap."  Freya smiled and lightly swatted Elijah's upper thigh, "Stop that sass. Now, I am going to coat you with healing salve. It may help counteract the other stuff a little faster. You behind is as red as a fire engine."  Freya gently coated him with the salve and helped Elijah get up and shift face down into the bed. She covered him with a blanket and averted her eyes. She didn't think he could tolerate his cotton briefs being pulled up abruptly. When Elijah was face down on the bed, Freya covered him with the light blanket. She sat up and patted his back and spoke to him in a low voice.  "You and Keelin didn't go on a honeymoon," Elijah said hoarsely.  "We will," Freya promised. "We do have like eight kids now, though."  "Congratulations. They are beautiful. That little one, Rosy, she looks like the twins. Joseph looks like Kai, and the twins are precious, too. We've been blessed, just as much as we've been cursed," Elijah mused.  "The gods must have a sense of humor. They gave us great powers and yet we have suffered terribly at the same time. Nature's balance, I suppose," Freya said.  "Freya, I meant it when I said I was glad you are here. We needed you over the centuries. So much suffering would have been averted," Elijah continued.  "But we can't have regrets or we wouldn't have this now. I wouldn't have Keelin and the kids. You wouldn't have Vanessa and the boys. Klaus wouldn't have Cami and his family. And Kol? I don't know what is going on with him and Davina. I heard from Rebekah that Davina met a boy. I know he's been strong, but I hope he doesn't know about this yet," Freya said softly.  "Like you said, Kol has been busy with the construction and he's more capable that we ever gave him credit for. Sister, your new salve is working. I think I am healing a touch faster. I just might be able to sit down this century," Elijah joked.  "You have a few hours before Vanessa gets back. I'll leave the salve in here for you. You sleep and I will lock the door behind me. Elijah, we all do love you so much. I hope you forgive me for being so hard on you," Freya said suddenly second guessing herself.  "I had it coming. I feel better, Sister. And I do love you for your effort and devotion to this family as well. As Kol said to me the other day, 'Freya is a Mikaelson through and through,'" Elijah smiled.  "I'm not sure if he meant that as a compliment, but I'll take it as one. Oh, and someday, I want to hear that story of you neglecting your chores. I really can't see you ever doing something like that. Do you think Mother cast a spell on you after that?" Freya wondered.  "With that woman, I wouldn't doubt it. It would explain a lot. After that, I was pretty good about taking care of the pigs. that is, until I met a young widow..." Elijah recalled.  "A widow? Do tell," Freya pressed.  "I say a widow who couldn't have been more than 15 or 16. Her name was Tatia. Freya, she was the first Petrova doppelgänger we met. And both Niklaus and I fell madly in love with her," Elijah said before he drifted into a dreamless sleep.  Freya was flabbergasted. Both her brothers loved the first doppelgänger? What happened this this woman? Why did they not marry her? There was more to this story and Freya would need to hear it. She crept out of the room after cleaning up. She tucked the paddle into her shirt so she could slip it back in the drawer unseen and then locked the door behind her.  The first doppelgänger? Why had she never heard this before? 
  
    Chapter Text
    Saturday, January 29, 2011Mystic Falls, Virginia Mikaelson Mansion KitchenKeelin was making lunch when Freya came out of the her old bedroom. She was still thinking of the peculiar story Elijah had just revealed about Tatia.  "You missed it! The kids just all met. It was really cute.  Penny actually smiled and took Rosie by the hand to see her dollhouse...and she thought Rosy would like to see the rotating closet," Keelin said slathering jelly on a piece of wheat bread.  "Damn, did you get a pic?" Freya said going behind Keelin and putting her arms around her waist. "Yes, of course, I did. The twins really loved Sadie, but Joey seemed terrified....Hey... You okay?" Keelin said continuing to make the food. Freya had said she was going to have a talk with Elijah. Freya hadn't said more and Keelin hadn't asked, and Freya hoped that she wouldn't. She had promised her brothers she would be discreet about her "talks" with them.  "I don't know. We're forcing Elijah and Vanessa to go away for a couple of days so instead of eight kids, we'll have like ten. Um, didn't we just feed them?" Freya laughed looking at the clock.  "Yeah, but remember they have little stomachs and can only eat small amounts at a time. Hell, I figured as long as they eat, we'll feed them. Just so they don't become as picky as certain kids," Keelin said with her eyebrows up. Finn had become notorious for his pickiness. They had to stop buying carbonated beverages, even for the older kids as he seemed to gulp them down when no one was looking. Other than that, there wasn't much he ate willingly. "Oh yeah, let's not even entertain that thought. We're not making fifty meals a night for the next 15 years! How did Finn and Henrik do?" Freya said grabbing a piece of cheese and eating it.  "They took Lucas and Liv into their room and showed them the Lego fire station. They got a little pissed when Joey tried to take apart that police station thing, but get this? Your brother glued it together!" Keelin laughed.  "Legos? Oh God, I can't...Did you see Niklaus around? I wanted to talk to him about the older boys last night. Didn't you warn Kai that we would bust his ass if we caught him with drunk drivers and all that?" Freya said rubbing her temples.  "Yes, I think that was more or less the message that I tried to convey, but in a nicer way. Maybe too damn nice, but I was trying to be reasonable. To be fair, Kai has been working hard up there. I don't know. Maybe we just have a talk with him and if it happens again, then come down hard? The poor kid has been studying so much, he almost never goes out, then the one night he does, they get attacked by some crazy vampire?" Keelin pointed out.  "But that's the point, they could have been killed. That vamp is old and powerful. And Matthew was their designated driver! He was, in Jeremy's own words, 'wasted,'" Freya argued.  "Matt was drunk? Oh, I didn't know that. Maybe that is why I was getting nervous glances from Kai. Actually, he looked pretty guilty," Keelin reasoned.  "Hey, let me feed the kids and you go talk a break," Freya offered.  "Absolutely not. Let's feed them together and then try to get them all down for some quiet time. Then, we shop?" Keelin suggested.  "Sounds like it is going to be interesting, but sure. Where are they all now?" Freya said looking around.  "With Uncle Kol in the bedroom. Oh, we're going to have to have the carpet probably replaced. Just about every kid spilled something and...not sure Rosey is potty trained," Keelin pointed out.  "Noted! Is this tray ready to go up?" Freya said looking at the tray laden with the bite sized food.  "Yes, ma'am. It's probably a bad idea to feed them in our room, but until their bedrooms are ready, it's easier to keep them penned up," Keelin explained.  "Agree," Freya said as they got on the elevator to go to the second floor.  Coming into the hallway, she could hear the noise from the open door of their bedroom. They found Kol on the floor giving airplane rides to all of the kids.  "My turn! My turn! You said it's my turn next," Henrik bellowed.  "Gotcha, lad. Everyone will get a turn now," Kol reassured the anxious children.  "Is it possible for vampires to throw out their backs?" Keelin asked Freya.  Kol heard her and answered, "Aye, Keelin. It is. It definitely is. After this lot has there ride, I will need for you to fetch me a masseuse. Hopefully, a pretty one."  "Sorry, Kol. We have snacks here. Maybe these youngin' will cut you a break? And we brought fruit," Keelin announced.  Freya and Keelin put down trays of food on the coffee table in front of the couch. Keelin put on a cartoon.  Penny brought Rosey over to the table and got her a plate.  "Liv, we can eat over here," Penny said sweetly.  "Okay," Liv said looking back at Lucas watching Kol now hoist Henrik up in the air.  "Joey, honey. We have a sandwich for you," Keelin called. The brown haired five year old came over and took the plate.  "Where is Jill and Julian?" Joey asked bluntly.  Freya looked at Keelin, "Ah, Julian called this morning to check on your guys.  He is really tired, but will come see you soon. Jill is..." Penny interjected, "Dead."  Keelin growled, "Penny, that's enough."  "It's true! I heard everyone say it.," Penny said evenly.  "Dead? Is that true?" Liv asked in a small voice. "Jill said she had to stay there in that place, so she is probably still there."  Freya went over to Liv, "Honey, she couldn't leave. We didn't know that and she passed away."  "What does that mean?" Lucas said suddenly behind Freya.  "She is dead. She will not be back. We're very sorry," Freya said softly.  "Oh," Liv said quietly back. "Okay." Freya looked at Keelin. The kids didn't seem to understand.  "How about later we will go shopping for some new clothes and pjs and then you guys can check out your new rooms?" Keelin said to change the subject.  "Joey has to go to the bathroom," Liv said pointing at Joey. He was holding himself and squirming suddenly due to the urgent need.  "Oh, oh, okay," Freya said rushing the small boy to the large marble bathroom. They barely made it in time.  "It's okay. You made it," Freya comforted him.  "Sometimes I don't," Joey admitted.  "Hon, this is a real big house and there are a lot of bathrooms. If you need help finding one, you can ask one of us. Or if you are afraid to go by yourself, we'll go with you, okay?" Freya said as she helped him wash his hands. She had to lift him. Mentally, Freya added stepping stools to the buy list.  Kol popped his head in the bathroom.  "You made it? Good man," Kol said to Joey. "Sister, I better get back to construction duty. You should see the bedroom set we're putting together. I wish we had had one of these for Finn and Henrik months ago.  You'll see."  "Thanks for everything, Kol. Really," Freya smiled shooing Joey out of the bathroom and patting Kol on the arm.  "Say, is our brother really going to let the older lads off with a telling off for last night? I've never seen Nik so chipper. Tyler lied to him about being with Caroline last night and he let that roll off his back, too. What is happening?" Kol pressed. "Is he in a mental honeymoon? Even Keelin is ready to let Kai off. I guess Niklaus told the boys they are grounded and helping this whole weekend. Connor was going to help anyway. Plus, the boys are getting paid to help. I don't know, Kol. When I think of them being drunk in the woods and facing that vampire, it makes me ill," Freya confessed.  "Me, too. I told Elijah that I would go down and talk to that guy so I best do it now. It's just unlike Nik to not want to take the hide off of the boys for lying and disobeying. Not my problem, I guess," Kol said sauntering off to the dungeon.  "I'll talk to Niklaus about it later," Freya called as she glanced at herself in the mirror. She re-pinned her hair until she heard yelling out in the room.  Freya was picking up food off the floor, she explained, "A little accident." Joey and Lukas had reached for the same plate and it fell.  Finn and Henrik wanted to go watch the construction. Freya shared, "I will take them. I'm going to go have a word with Niklaus and find out what Rachael and Dana are up to. Penny, are you okay here? "  "Yes, I'm going to stay here. Cami said I could," Penny explained.  "That's fine, hon," Freya said. "I'll be back in a minute."  Freya found Klaus in Kol's old room hooking up a monkey bar between two little bed lofts on each side. "I brought helpers," she said indicating the boys. "Wow, this is awesome! The kids are going to love this!" Freya looked in the little rooms under the loft. It was a little play area with a play kitchen in one and a school house in the other.  "Cute, huh?" Klaus said as he tightened the bars. "Now they can hang and climb all they want. Finn, Henrik, too bad we didn't have one of these in your room."  "Awesome! Can we swing on it?" Finn said.  "Sure, give it a go!" Klaus encouraged. "Wait until you see the playscape. You guys might be surprised."  Henrik tried the swing, "Can I stand on it?"  "Aye, you can do what you like on it," Klaus explained as he stepped aside to speak to Freya.  "This is wonderful. Thank you for all of this. The kids are going to love it.  So the older boys?" Freya said watching Finn and Henrik play on the loft structure.  Klaus crossed his arms over his chest, "I just thought that grounding them this weekend was sufficient. They are at that age where they are going to be making their own decisions. What I'm not happy about is the drunk driving, but vampires sober up much quicker. I really don't think Conner would have let Matthew drive. Erik was trying to call me about the vampire, but there was no signal. That's all I've really asked of them is to...-" "But Brother, they lied. They were supposed to be at the Grill. That cave vampire was much stronger. And they were out there drinking! They aren't even 18. I'm sorry but we warned Kai about this kind of thing. But I don't want to come down on him hard, if you're not going to do anything," Freya interrupted.  "Freya, I talked to them. I will talk to them again. They are grounded. That's not doing anything. Relax. Let's just give them a break. They've been working really hard today," Klaus said proudly.  "Okay, if you are sure," Freya said uncertainly.  "I'm not sure. I'm never sure I'm doing the right thing by them. But I really think that vampire scared them more than they admitted," Klaus said gently.  "Is this a new Niklaus Mikaelson? Cami's influence?" Freya wondered.  "Camille actually said the same things you did," Klaus said.  "Hmm. So Elijah agreed to take Vanessa away this week.  Did you hear back from the judge for the ceremony tomorrow?" Freya said in a low voice.  "It's all scheduled.  How are the younger Parkers faring?" Klaus asked.  "They asked about Jill and Julian. Penny told them she was dead and I don't think they understand. Hey, I'm going to go find my oldest three. Love you for all this, Brother," Freya said hugging him tightly.  "My pleasure. When I built this house, I was totally alone. Filling it with family like this was my dream," Klaus remarked with emotion.  "Well, it is full," Freya laughed. "Are you okay to keep them?" Freya pointed to Finn and Henrik who were now playing in the little play areas.  "Aye, you go tend to the older lot. And Kai? He could have siphoned the life out of that vamp, you know? Our children are not defenseless," Klaus laughed.  "That is true," Freya said. She felt better.  Freya found Kai in the garage hammering boards together. Matt was nailing something. Jeremy and Tyler were arguing over directions in the corner. Connor and Erik were carrying wood upstairs.  "I'm not sure what this is, but it looks like you guys are working hard," Freya joked.  "It's the base of a slide, apparently," Kai explained.  "Oh, a slide! Wow, these are some lucky kids. Hon, can I talk to you real quick?" Freya said carefully.  Kai smiled and put down his hammer, "Sure, Mom. In the kitchen?"  "Yeah, I'll get you some blood. You look pale," Freya said feeling his forehead.  Freya led him into the kitchen and immediately went to the fridge to get him a blood bag.  "Here, honey. Please drink," Freya said with concern.  Kai colored, "Sorry about last night. I kind of let myself get talked into it."  "Sweetheart, I want you to have fun and have friends like a normal teen. I don't like the drinking, but I'm not naive to think that you aren't ever going to drink a beer once in a while. But this is Mystic Falls and danger always seems a step away. No more damn parties in the woods. You guys can have friends here, especially once we get the indoor pool and the sport court done. Really, we would rather you all be safe here and we won't hover over you. I swear. We just need to know where you are, okay? There are more vampires out there. I know you are a siphon, but there are supernaturals out there who have survived for hundreds of years," Freya started.  "I know. We're babies," Kai said with shame.  "No, maybe you are a baby vamp, but you are still a powerful witch. Don't forget that," Freya said emphatically.  "So am I grounded?" Kai asked bluntly.  "Yes, just like your cousins. I know it seems a little silly because you were all going to help this weekend anyway, but maybe tomorrow it will make more sense. Just don't make any plans tomorrow, okay?" Freya smiled slyly.  "I'm I really don't have any other friends so that won't be a problem," Kai chuckled. "How are the kids doing?"  "I need to get back up there. So far, so good. Don't overdo it here. We're going to be going out shopping in a little while and trying to get them shoes and clothes. You need anything?" Freya asked.  "At this point, all I need is a shower," Kai admitted.  "Yeah, I didn't want to mention that," Freya jested. "No, I'm just kidding. You are fine. Love you, hon." Freya hugged the boy, who was now her son, and was just glad that he was okay. Maybe her brother was right and they could let this one go. Surely, the boys learned their lesson and would stay away from those parties in the woods.  Elijah and Vanessa' RoomAfternoon"How was the library today?" Elijah asked Vanessa as she was putting away clothes.  "Good. They made slime or something that went along with a story. The librarian gave Finn gloves and Henrik got it all through his hair," Vanessa said not looking up.  "My dear, can I talk to you?" Elijah said gently. He took the clothes out of her hands and took both of them in his.  Vanessa looked at him with tears in her eyes. He wasn't perfect, but she loved him more than she thought possible. Elijah had changed and looked pristine again in his expensive suit, but his eyes were troubled and sad. Elijah knelt before her, "I'm so sorry. You are the most important thing to me. I mean that. I love you and if I ever made you feel like you were not first in my life, that was my mistake. This house, the other things are just that, things. I don't know why I am the way I am, but Freya said she would help me discover that. But I hope that you will still marry me." "Of course, I will," Vanessa promised. She pushed back her brown hair and her green eyes sparkled with happiness.  "No, this week. My siblings are insisting that we go away on a vacation. Just the two of us, marry me," Elijah pressed.  "I want the boys there, Elijah. Is that okay? We're a family, we should be together. I heard of a little resort in the Bahamas that has babysitting services. Best of both worlds," Vanessa laughed as he rose and picked her up and carried her to their bed.  He put her in the bed and closed the drapes and snapped off all of the lights.  "It's going to be pitch dark," Vanessa giggled.  "That's okay. I have my reasons. I don't want Hector and his crew spying on us," Elijah retorted as he groped for her in the darkness. His $11,000 suit crumpled to the floor and for once, Elijah didn't care. He only cared about Vanessa right now.   Even vampires could not see in the complete darkness. Soon, Vanessa forgot about the darkness. After, Elijah made the arrangements for a family of four to travel. They would not leave until after Sunday morning, though.  EveningKlaus, Kol, and the older boys worked all day on the new bedrooms. A few construction workers ended up helping with some of the more complicated projects. By dinner, things were about put together.  "Okay, I think we are ready for the reveal!" Klaus said clapping his hands. The kids were a little confused. "So we were going to put Penny and Liv in my old room. This is like a loft with monkey bar connecting two little play houses. Don't ask what this cost," Kol quipped.  "This is my new room! My doll house is here," Penny yelped in joy. Liv ran to the little house and looked inside.  Keelin showed her, "These are your beds up here. See?"  Liv was excited, "This little house in mine and this one's is Penny's. Cool."  "We have a school and a kitchen here!" Penny exclaimed.  Klaus added, "Your easel and art area will be over here. Do you like it?"  "We love it," Penny answered as she jumped up to the monkey bars that connected the two little play houses. "What about Rosey? Can she stay in here?"  "Rosey is a little bit too small, but we can put in a bed for her or she can share. There is a lot of room up there," Freya determined. Rosey was napping now in her toddler bed in Freya and Keelin's room. Vanessa was charmed, "This is adorable. This that a secret tunnel under here. Wow."  Cami said, "We can paint the outside this week any colors you girls like. It's like a jungle gym and two playhouses with a loft beds on top. Where did you find this?"  Elijah explained, "Hector knows a guy who makes these. He gave us the plans. Connor cut all the boards and put it together. He's putting the finishing touches on the other rooms."  Everyone except the girls and Cami trekked down into Finn and Henrik's old room. "Okay, so check this out," Klaus said.  There were now build in bunk beds for four boys. The built in housed four beds, two on each side with a ladder in the middle. There were storage drawers under the beds. The built in was created to look like a townhouse.  The one wall was now a chalkboard and there was a lego table on the floor. There was a padded window seat with a bookshelf under it. On the other side was a climbing wall with a net.  Finn and Henrik were amazed. Finn shouted, "Our beds are cool!"  "Can we climb on this?" yelled Henrik at the same time.  "Well, it's a climbing wall, so I should hope so," Elijah chuckled. "Just no climbing after bedtime." Klaus stated, "Finn, Henrik, we thought that you two could have the top and Lucas and Joey could have the bottom."  "This is my bed?" Lucas asked uncertainly.  "Yeah, bud, if you like it," Keelin said. "What do you think?"  "I like it a lot," Lucas said.  Joey repeated, "I wike it a wot, too." Everyone chuckled to hear the five year old agree so heartily. "Good," Elijah said. He thought it might be good for all the boys to be together.  Connor came in from the older boys' old room. "Who's ready to see the new play room?" "We are!" the younger boys yelled running over.  Even the adults were awed, "Connor, did you do this? It's amazing," Keelin gasped.  There was a wooden play structure built into the wall that had monkey bars and had padding underneath it.  There were swings, a ball pit, two slides, and a small trampoline. There was an activity table area with puzzles and then a sensory table with water, sand, and clay.  On the far side, there was an inflatable bouncy house.  There was a tunnel structure that run under the wooden play structure.  The kids didn't know where to go first.  "There is a secret tunnel under there, there are hideaway spots, and there is a calm down area in there. This platform can be used as a stage or whatever they want.  It's kind of like a bridge, too, I guess," Connor explained with pride.  Erik said, "He made me hammer that thing until I smashed my thumb twice. Just for the record."  "It is outstanding, boys," Klaus said putting his arm around both of them.  "It ain't done.  We wanted that slide to go into the ball pit, but we ran out of time. We was also gonna paint it, but like I said, we didn't have time," Connor explained.  Tyler came in with a board, "Here's the board for the table."  "We were going to do another activity table thing. We got the plans from this museum. But maybe we can just let them have more room to play?" Connor asked.  Elijah said, "That's an idea. The bouncy house is a hit!" To himself, Elijah wondered if that thing would last a week, but the boys were all jumping as if their lives depended on it.  The younger kids dove into the tunnels to find the hiding spots. Finn slide down the slide. Henrik was trying to get in the inflatable.  "This is overwhelming," Keelin said tearfully. "I can't believe you guys did all this just this week!"  Klaus smiled, "Connor and the boys were a huge help. Hector's guys helped with some of the other things. We only had what? Twelve injuries today? Seven arguments and we spent about $80k."  Freya hugged Connor and Erik to her, "Thank you. It's fantastic." She felt Keelin's arm around her, and had to wipe away more tears as she watched the boys playing happily.  Freya then went to Elijah and whispered, "Thank you for all of this. Did you make vacation plans?"  Elijah hugged her and smiled, "Yes, we are booked for tomorrow afternoon. And..I hate to tell you, but Rosey is crying."  Freya smiled as she wiped away more happy tears, "Thanks, Brother. I'll get her."  Keelin picked up Joey as he ran up to her, "Thank you all. This is almost too much. I'm going to take him to the potty."  The older girls came in with Penny and Liv and played with them until dinner.  The older boys continued to work on some of the finishing touches after dinner. The younger kids were pretty excited by their new rooms and played until they were all exhausted and worn out. Later, in bed, Camille and Klaus were talking quietly about the play areas and the bedrooms. Cami said, "I love it. I wish all kids had access to things like this. It's fantastic. Did you see how happy Penny was?"  "Yes, she loves those little girls. Dana is finally getting a break. I was going to surprise you with this. But I know you said you didn't want anything for a wedding present, but I had an idea," Klaus said lightly.  "What did you do?" Cami asked with suspicion.  "Um, what do you think of a children's foundation. We could dedicate it to your uncle's memory. The Father Kieran Foundation for Children. Not just in New Orleans, but everywhere," Klaus said softly.  "Oh Klaus, I love it. If we could set up play areas for those in need or centers for kids in grief," Cami began.  "Whatever you wish. We can help in anyway you wish. What our children have, we can share with others, just say the word," Klaus said.  "Thank you. I love it. This is better than any million dollar gem you could purchase, my love. This can do real good," Cami smiled.  "We can do anything together, always and forever," Klaus said. "Let's go to bed. We have a big day tomorrow." Klaus listened to the baby's heart beat. Cami put his hand over her stomach.  "I feel like it's a boy. What do you mean, big day? Klaus, what are you up to?" Cami wondered.  "All I can say is that you will love it," Klaus said firmly. 
  
    Chapter Text
    The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.                                               —William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"Saturday, January 29, 2011Basement levelEveningKol wasn't looking forward to dealing with this cave vampire. They had been giving him blood, but he had been pounding on the walls around him. "Hey, mate. Glad you aren't still tearing the place apart. Here's a blood bag," Kol said sliding the blood bag through the metal door.  "Let me out of here," The vampire shouted roughly. He had a handlebar mustache and a deep voice. His dark hair was long and his skin olive with dark eyes peering at Kol. "We will. Just tell us who you are and how you came to be tromping through the woods last night," Kol said leaning against the wall.  "I do not know what is going on, mate. The last I knew it was 1864 and we heard that Mystic Falls was a fine place for vampires. Come here, settle in. Next thing I know we're rounded up by the so-called founders and locked in that tomb. Miss Pearl got me out, but I guess I got startled by the lights and run off. I did not mean to hurt no one. Ask Miss Pearl, honest," the big man said.  "We shall. What is your name, friend?" Kol asked.  "Frederick, sir. I was born in the years before the turn of the century. The 19th, that is, not sure exactly which. What year this be?" Frederick asked suddenly, as if the thought just occurred to him.  "2011, it is January of 2011," Kol answered slowly. He knew what it was like to wake up a century or more later and be disoriented.  "Two thousand, eh? We was down there longer than I thought possible. No wonder I was so hungry," Frederick revealed.  "Aye, I have been there myself. Look, I have to go. We'll contact this Pearl and see if we can work something out.  Maybe if she agrees to leave, you can all clear out with your lives," Kol added.  "May haps, not sure if I can survive in this new world. Too loud for my liking," Frederick admitted.  "I know, mate. You get used to it. It just takes time," Kol said reassuringly.  "Who might you be, sir?" the vampire called out behind the glass.  "Just a friend," Kol said vaguely. He didn't want to tell this guy his name. There was still a chance he would have to kill him.  Freya and Keelin's RoomBefore BedtimeKai and Rachael came in to say goodnight to the younger kids. Freya and Keelin decided to keep Joey and Lucas will them for another night.  Yet Liv wanted to stay with Penny in the new girls' room. They were playing with the play houses and "fixing" things up.  "Can we assume Dana is with Penny playing school again?" Kai asked. Keelin was holding Rosie on her lap reading her a story, but she answered, "The answer to that is yes. They were playing school and they keep making Dana be the principal. The whole one side of the house is her office. Anyone who enters the room has got to go to the principal's office first.  We had to find them a chalkboard, too. The dolls and stuffed animals are the rowdy students."  Rachael smirked, "That's weird. Liv has hardly been to real school. But at least she found a buddy in Penny. The last we saw her, she was Rosie's age. Hey Lucas, whatcha doing?" "Nothing. Watching tv," Lucas said quietly.  Kai looked at Freya questioning his brother's tone, "Trouble in paradise?"  Freya nodded, "Fight over the Legos. Finn." Finn was notoriously possessive over his Legos. Kai knelt down, "We'll build you some of your own Lego stuff. We can keep it up in my room, if you want. Okay, buddy?"  "Really? Finn told me not to touch his town because I messed it up," Lucas confessed.  "Hey, seriously, we will make you your own town. Maybe if you are good, Ma and Mom will let us go to the toy store and get something new. What do you think?" Kai said giving Lucas a light punch on the arm.  Lucas nodded.  "That's a terrific idea," Keelin said. "Maybe Joey would like some, too?" Joey was slumped on the other side of Keelin half-asleep. Hearing his name, he perked up.  "What?" Joey said.  Kai said, "If you are good, we can go to the toy store and get some Legos or building stuff."  "Can I get a poweele set, too?" Joey asked. "A what?" Kai asked in confusion.  "I think he wants a police set, like Finn and Henrik have. That big police station," Freya smiled. Keelin mouthed to her "speech therapy." Freya nodded.  Freya thought most kids grew out of it when they were a little older.  Kai grimaced, "Whoa, that set is really expensive. Are we sure we can get the one the boys have?"  Keelin didn't hesitate, "Absolutely. Consider it a late Christmas and birthday present for all we missed. Plus, Kai, if you will help put that sucker together, I'll throw in $100 to your bank account."  "Hey, no fair. I spent 45 minutes braiding Penny's hair yesterday and she didn't like it and she yanked it all out. How come I don't get paid?" Rachael complained.  Freya laughed, "Hon, you might have a point.  How about you help me set up the new greenhouse and I will pay you by the hour. Deal?"  Rachael considered it, "Aren't Jo and Dana going to help you for free?"  Freya went over and rubbed Rachael's shoulders. "Don't worry about what your sisters are doing. Deal or not? I know you wanted to buy that jacket at the mall, the leather one, right?"  Rachael nodded and accepted, "Yeah, it's not cheap. Even if it goes on sale, I don't have enough money. Fine, deal. Um, thanks. We better get to bed."  Keelin lifted Rosie to say goodnight , "Say goodnight to your big brother." Rosie cling to Kai's neck a moment. He handed her to Rachael and she blinked in surprise.  "Um, goodnight," Rachael said after a minute. The little girl threw her arms around Rachael's neck. "Wachael? I wike your face," Rosie whispered. Rachael laughed as the little girl touched her face.  "Ah, I like your face," Rachael replied.  "I hope. You two could be twins at different ages," Freya remarked.  Rachael gave back her youngest sister to Keelin. "Does anyone know what happened to all of our stuff? Like our family pictures and things," Rachael asked.  "We can look into it. I'm sure Uncle Elijah has some service or lackey who does things like that. Honestly, we need to start searching for the ascendents so that would be as good place as any to start," Freya said carefully. She hated to bring up the merge. They still had years before Jo was of age but no one knew what was going to happen. Jo, and the other Geminis, who were not siphons, could not be turned into vampires to prevent a merge as Kai was.  "Good point. Good night," Kai said as he hugged Keelin and Freya goodnight.  Rachael awkwardly stood back until Freya stepped forward and kissed her cheek. "Sleep well, hon," Freya said. Keelin raised her left arm and beckoned Rachael in.  "We love you. Night, Rachael, Kai," Keelin said as she had her other arm around Rosie and Joey.  As Kai and Rachael stepped out into the hallway, Rachael stopped short and looked at Kai. "Does it seem like they like us more than our real parents ever did?" Rachael asked with a touch of bitterness. "I mean all the hugging and stuff like that." Rachael was getting more used to it, but that is what scared her. Nothing lasted forever. What if they lost this, too? Kai laughed bitterly, "Um, yeah, honestly, it does. But remember what Mom and Dad were facing. They were always stressed and trying to salvage the whole...debacle of the Gemini coven. I mean, I guess they loved us in their own bizarre ways, they just were like more formal and under more pressure. Rachael, I think Mom and Dad just couldn't let themselves show affection because they knew that we might not all....make it, you know?"  "Yeah, I guess that's it. Sometimes when I am being a total bitch I worry that I am turning into Mom. She always had that attitude like everyone was stupid. She even talked to Dad like he was a moron most times. Do you think they are watching us from where ever they ended up?" Rachael asked as they started walking again.  "I guess. But they were always so judgmental. Look at us, living with werewolves, vampires, and now we are siphon vamps. All abominations in their eyes, so I say we need to be as happy as we can be to prove that if nature allowed us, then we aren't the ones who were against nature. They, with their rigid ideas, and willingness to murder their own coven members, were the real abominations," Kai conceded.  Rachael's voice caught, "I never say anything nice to you, but I guess you are pretty smart. Um, I asked about those pictures, but I just realized that you would hardly be in any of them. You were locked away. Then, Dana and I were booted out, too. Then, all of the kids. We all fell down..."  "But we got back up again. Rach, we're going to make it. Don't forget that you guys got me out of my prison world. And we got Jo back and now we got the little kids back. We'll beat the curse against our coven. And don't ever forget that Penny's blood is the cure. We could be human again, if we wanted to, after we figure out how to stop the merge," Kai said emphatically.  "Yeah, I never thought of it," Rachael admitted. "We're going to be late. Good night."  Older Boys' Room10:27 pmKai came into the bedroom still thinking about what Rachael said. It was true that with Freya and Keelin he felt more loved than he had for a long, long time. In truth, ever. Now that the younger kids were back, it was nice to see them in a happy environment where they were wanted. Had any Gemini kids ever been anything other than pawns in a power struggle? He wondered if his own father had been the same, just born to lead the coven after merging. Kai hoped to hell they found a way to break the curse. "Dude, where were you? Remember, we're supposed to be in bed at 10 when we're grounded. If Dad or Uncle Elijah were to check...," Jeremy chided.  "I was down with the little kids. I forgot," Kai said. "I don't think my mom cares. She didn't say anything."  "Or Uncle Kol," added Kol as he came into the room.  Jeremy spoke up, "Uncle Kol, Kai doesn't know the rules around here yet."  Kol waved him off, "It's okay, lad. I'm just glad you fools are in one piece. I was just down in the dungeon with the camp vampire. You're lucky he didn't rip your damn heads off."  Kai colored. Erik turned over, "He was stronger than I imagined. Uncle Kol, when are we going to learn to really fight?"  "I think it's way past bloody time myself. I'll talk to your parents. I don't think this vampire is a bad sort, but a hungry vampire does not think rationally. You all know that," Kol said sitting on Connor's bed. Sadie was sleeping on the foot of it and he petted her as she snored. "It was my fault, Uncle Kol. I was getting laid in the woods. But I guess it was worth almost getting killed over," Connor smirked.  "You little devil, that explains it. Does you father know?" Kol pressed. Sadie woke up and yawned and laid back down stretching out further. Erik smirked, "Nope! Connor doesn't want Dad to know what a little perv he was. It would ruin his perfect image." "Shut up, Erik. You're so freakin' annoying. Uncle Kol, I didn't tell him. Dad's been real happy and I don't want him to start worrying about something new. Honest, that's why I didn't say nothing," Connor protested.  "It's okay, lad. I won't say anything. It's not my place. I guess my place is just to make sure you guys don't tear apart the place and get yourselves killed," Kol said patting Connor on the leg. Tyler was texting on his bed, Kol saw and yelled, "Put that bloody mobile away, Tyler. Every time I come in here..." Tyler rolled his eyes, "Sorry, some of us around here actually have girlfriends."  Kol felt a stab of pain, but covered it up instantly. He tried to not think about Davina, staying busy was his cure. Kai noticed and glared at Tyler.   "Matthew, how are your studies going?" Kol said seeing Matt toss a football up and down.  "Ah, I'm almost failing English right now, but I'm going to bring it up. Freaking why do we have to read Julius Caesar?" Matt groaned.  "'Et tu, Brute?'" Kol retorted and patted him on the shoulder. "I can help you, you know. Elijah used to make me sit sometimes during his lessons when he would teach Marcellus. I never revealed that I enjoyed Shakespeare, but Elijah suspected and once bought me the complete set of his works. It was in the library in our house in New Orleans. Got destroyed by a storm, though."  "Can you help? I would appreciate it. My tutor is most busy with the math and science stuff, but I need more help," Matt confessed.  "You got it. Now, put the phones and the footballs away and go to sleep. Or I will give you lot the hiding you didn't get last night," Kol promised.  "Hey, I was innocent. I was compelled," Jeremy added as he got under the covers.  Tyler smirked, "And for once, I wasn't there or drunk so ha." "Where you really were is up to debate," Kol said a touch sternly.  "Uncle Kol, are you pissed at me or something?" Tyler said sitting up. Kol took a breath. Tyler hadn't meant to touch a nerve when he made that girlfriend comment. Kol knew he was overreacting.  "No, mate. I'm sorry. I am not cross with you. Go to bed, lads," Kol said as he shut off the lights."Love you. You guys did a good job today helping. Connor, really, the kids were really happy."  "Thanks, Uncle Kol. Tree house is next," Connor announced. Erik groaned and rolled over. His brother was the most demanding on him, but truly, next to Connor, Erik was probably the best worker. Matt worked hard and Jeremy helped with sketches. Tyler was strong, but got easily distracted. Kai was helpful at times, depending on the project.  Kol got up and Sadie followed him out. They usually went outside at this time out back.  Tyler's phone buzzed and he reached over to text Caroline back.  Pearl and Anna's House"The Mikaelsons have Frederick. They said that we can have him back in one piece...if we leave town," Pearl spat at Anna.  "I am sorry, Mother. I don't know how he escaped. He was too fast for me," Anna cried.  Pearl relented, "It is not your fault, Annabelle. If it is anyone's fault, it is Katherine's for getting us into this whole mess. She just had to mess around with both Salvatore brothers! One wasn't enough for her." Anna had stopped reminding her mother that all this had happened over a century ago. For Pearl, the events in 1864 had happened last week. They were still fresh in her mind.  "Should we leave town?" Anna asked.  Pearl frowned, "I think we should this time. We should have left as soon as the council was on to us the last time. I told Katherine that. But maybe I stayed because I thought Mr. Gilbert would protect us. Now, you have your own Gilbert boy to fawn over. Mine turned his back on me. Daughter, let us collect Frederick and leave."  Anna nodded. "How can we trust the Mikaelsons not to kill us for threatening Jeremy?"  Pearl thought, "We will probably have to give them our word that we will never return to Mystic Falls again."  "Never? But...this is our home, too?" Anna interjected.  "Not anymore, Annabelle. Not anymore. It was the price we had to pay to get our people out of the cave. I'll call them back tomorrow morning," Pearl said sadly.  Anna wiped tears off her cheeks. She would never see Jeremy again, but as long as her mother was alive, she would have to be content with that.  Klaus and Cami's BedroomMiddle of the NightCami woke up suddenly. "What is it, luv," Klaus said turning on the light.  "Nothing. I think I just had a nightmare about my Uncle Kieran. No, it was able Sean. Like instead of hexing Kieran, the witches hexed Sean and...," Cami halted.  "What, Camille? It's okay. You can tell me," Klaus said gently.  "He slaughtered his whole seminary class and then killed himself. Oh Klaus, it was awful. There was blood, so much blood and they even closed St. Anne's, for good," Cami felt tears on her cheek.  "It's not real. Sean is safe. We won't let the witches ever get to us again. Go back to sleep," Klaus said as he wrapped her in his arms.  "If this baby is a boy, can we name him Kieran? I mean for his middle name," Cami asked.  "Of course, why not his first name?" Klaus asked in surprise.  "I have another idea for that," Cami smiled mysteriously.  "I just hope it is not Klaus," Klaus laughed softly.  "No, it's not. Do you think the kids will be happy tomorrow?" Cami asked anxiously.  "They better be. I'm not above thrashing them until they are very happy about our little surprise," Klaus joked.  "Like the beatings will continue until morale improves?" Cami replied.  "Exactly. No, seriously, I think they will be pleased. I know I am," Klaus said sincerely.  "Penny and the girls today...When I see that little Rosie, I want a girls so badly I can taste it. Then, I hear little Joey with his lisp and my arms ache for a boy. Klaus, I've never thought I could feel like this. Is it biology? Do all mothers feel this way? And why am I craving potato chips again? Klaus, I need them," Cami said with urgency.  "Stay, woman. I will fetch them for you!" Klaus said gallantly. Cami rarely said him vamp, but he was back in less than 10 seconds with two kinds of chips. "God, I love you. Please eat with me so I don't feel like a total pig," Cami giggled.  "Oh, I will eat with you. No problem. I actually got all this food for myself. I wasn't even going to give you any. I'm so bloody hungry. And this is the last of them so...," Cami punched him in the stomach and took the chips and ripped open the bag. "I surrender, you brute," Klaus said rubbing his stomach. "These are quite good. Lovely, when they are not stale from kids leaving the bag half open."  "Were there any pickles down there? Or did I eat them all already?" Cami asked.  Klaus smiled and vamped down to fetch his bride some pickles. He would do anything for her. Anything.
  
    Chapter Text
    Sunday, January 30, 2011MorningFinally, the big day was here. Keelin offered to bathe the younger kids since Freya had gotten them fed and set out their new outfits. Freya was in and out of the bedroom making sure that Kai had a tie and that the girls were dressed somewhat appropriately.  Keelin put Lucas, Joey, and Rosie in the big pink marble bathtub in their bedroom with lots of bubbles and lukewarm water Liv opted to shower because Penny started to take showers. The girls now had their own bathroom and Cami offered to supervise as getting the water temperature just right was still a bit tricky for the girls.  Freya had already borrowed some of the other kids bath toys so there were a few things already near the tub that they could play with. Because Rosie was so small, Keelin did not fill up the water very high. Keelin got the kids' bodies and hair washed mostly without incident although Joey had to be reprimanded for spraying his little sister in the face twice.  "Joey, Rosie doesn't like it when you splash her. If you do it again, I'm going to have to take the boat away," Keelin said calmly.   As Keelin went to get more clean towels in the bathroom closet, she heard ear piercing screaming.  "My boat!" Joey bellowed. Joey had Rosie's red hair clutched in his hand and was pulling it hard as she screeched. Rosie's head was dangerously close to both the side of the bathtub and the being pulled into the water. Keelin heard herself yelled, "Let go of her!" But Joey did not and was still trying to get the toy boat out of his younger three year old sister's tiny grip.  Keelin tried to free his hand from Rosie's hair, but then he switched hands and gripped her hand with his other hand. Instinctively, Keelin turned the stubborn five year old to the side, lifted him up slightly, and smacked him hard across his wet backside. The sharp pain caused him to release his death grip on his sister's hair and clutch his stinging bottom. He began to wail as Rosie was now wailing. Keelin picked the little girl out of the tub, "Are you okay, baby?" She was still covered in suds and was now holding her hair where it was pulled. Her face was red and she was inconsolable.  Keelin put her back in the tub and turned to Joey.  "That was very naughty. You hurt Rosie. What do you say?" Keelin scolded.  Joey was still crying and now glaring at Keelin. Keelin turned him slightly and saw he had a slight red handprint on his bottom. "Joey, you better listen. I didn't want to smack you, but you were hurting Rosie, she's little and can't defend herself," Keelin said firmly.  "She took my boat!" Joey moaned, now casting furtive glances at his baby sister.  Lucas was giggling, "You got in trouble. You got in trouble!"  "Lucas, that isn't helping. Okay, bath is over. We need to get you all dressed. Joey, tell Rosie you are sorry, please, " Keelin said looking sternly at the five year old.  Joey snatched the boat and turned to play with it, Keelin was not sure what to do next. She picked up Rosie and wrapped her in a big, fluffy towel.  The child had stopped crying, but her face was blotchy and covered in mucus. Keelin wiped her face and began to dress her quickly.  Freya came in, "Mama, would you fix Liv's hair please? What happened?"  Joey frowned, "Rosie stole my boat and Mama Keelin got mad at me!"  Lucas snickered, "Joey attacked Rosie and got his butt smacked."  Keelin ushered in Liv, "Sit there, sweetie. I'll start your hair in a minute."  Freya had a stack of clothes, "Joey, that isn't very nice. I hope you said your sorries. Here's his clothes, Keelin."  "We are waiting for him to tell Rosie he is sorry, but maybe he wants to go into time out instead for five minutes?" Keelin warned.  "Sorry! Rosie, I am sorry," Joey said with his lip out. Joey pronounced "Rosie" like "Wosie."  "That's better. Rosie is all done her, Freya. Joey, come on, buddy. Your turn to dress. Lucas, your clothes are there," Keelin said.  "Why are we getting dressed up?" Liv asked with a smile.  "It's a surprise. I'll take Rosie. Lucas, come on. Let's give them some room," Freya said.  Keelin pulled Joey out of the tub and wrapped him in a towel,"Come on. Let me help you." Keelin kissed him on the head. She noticed that Freya had put a pull up in his clothes pile as he had had several accidents already.  "I'm not wearing that. It's for babies," Joey shouted.  "Honey, it's okay. Just for today so you don't...um, have an accident," Keelin said gently.  "He wets his pants," Liv explained matter of factly.  "I do not!" Joey shouted. "Even Rosie wears underwear," Liv went on.  Joey went to barrel towards Liv in a fury.  Keelin retained her grip on the active five year old.  "Joey, it is okay. Everyone has accidents. Wear the pull up today and we will figure out something for the future okay. It could be an issue with your bladder or something else. I am a doctor and there are even medicines that could help. I swear," Keelin promised.  "No!" Joey said as he ran off into the bedroom. Keelin watched his bare backside go and was relieved that the handprint was gone.  Liv giggled to watch her naked brother storm off. "Liv, okay, let's do that hair. I guess he'll come back when he gets chilly. Um, how did Julian and your Aunt Jill deal with that? Did they smack the kids when they misbehaved?" Keelin asked casually.  Liv dove in, "Well, one time Lucas tried to run away to find our mom and dad. Aunt Jill told him that he couldn't and he wouldn't listen and finally she took him to his room. I think she spanked him but he said she just yelled at him. Uncle Julian said we needed more...discipline, but Aunt Jill told him to screw off."  Lucas heard Liv's story from the bedroom, "Liv, you're the one who got it for breaking that window! You big fat liar! And we're not allowed to say 'screw.'"  "Kids, it's okay. I am sorry I asked. It's nothing to be embarrassed about.  I guarantee that I got my butt lit up more times than all y'all combined. Truly," Keelin admitted as she brushed Liv's curly hair with a pick and set some barrettes in it.  "You mean you got spanked? When?" Liv chuckled to think that any adults were kids was funny to here.  "How about I will tell you some night for your bedtime story? I even got a licking the first time I met my best friend. Now, Liv, do you like it?" Keelin asked looking at the her in the mirror.  "Yeah, thanks," Liv said suddenly shy. Keelin smiled and went to look for Joey.  He was sitting on the floor in front of the tv naked.  "Joey, ready to get dressed?" Keelin asked.  "No diaper!" Joey insisted.  "Okay, but if you have to pee, let one of us know and we will take you. You promise?" Keelin asked.  "I will. I am not a baby, like Wosie," Joey pouted. "Then, show us. We want to see you being kind to her. Come on, here's your underpants," Keelin said after she dug in the drawer. She had a feeling this was a mistake, but she didn't know if it was worth a major fit to force the boy into a pull up. Maybe he didn't really need it? Elijah and Vanessa's Room "All packed?" Elijah asked.  "I am. We are," Vanessa laughed. "And we have sunscreen and a million other things."  "Good. Remember, whatever we forget, we can buy," Elijah smiled.  "Yes, sir," Vanessa retorted, "Now, I think it is time." Vanessa offered him her arm.  "Indeed, it is. Let's get the boys," Elijah said kissing her one last time.  Great Room Klaus stepped forward in front of the entire family. Sadie was confused with so many people in one room. She finally settled by the roaring fire and promptly went to sleep.  "By now, you are all probably wondering what is going on. Well, I am about to tell you. This day has been a thousand years in the making for some of us here. For others, like little Rosie, they have only been on the earth for a few years. Yet, those years have been fraught with danger and peril that no child should have to experience. To that end, my lovely wife and I have begun a foundation for children and families in crisis. We want every child to have a strong foundation and a bright future. Camille," Klaus prompted.  "Thank you, husband. The Mikaelson Family Foundation is one that we hope you will all be involved in. We want what we have here to be an option for all families: for children to have parents, an education, healthcare, safe places to play, and a bright future. We are starting with a donation of one million dollars to create the foundation and get the ball rolling. On that note, we have a little announcement to make. I'm going to let Klaus make it, since he's the one who likes to talk so damn much!" Cami laughed. The rest of the family joined in as they had heard Klaus' speeches every Sunday dinner.  Klaus smiled at Cami and then he looked at his own children in turn, Jeremy, Tyler, Matt, Connor, Erik, and Penny. He teared up and let the tears fall down his cheeks.  "It is my great honor to announce that my wife and I are expecting a child. Yet, I know that I could not love this child more than I love any of you in this room. There was a time when I lived here alone, that was a dark time. Then, Jeremy joined me, and then my siblings, and Tyler, Matt, then Connor, Erik, and Penny. When I look at all of you, I know that I have been blessed more than any creature living, Always and forever," Klaus finished as his children came up to embrace him one by one.  Elijah stepped in, "This is a fine day. A new foundation, a new baby, but we have a little more, so stay with me, then we'll do the cake. Yes, Kol, there is cake!"  "There bloody better be!" Kol shouted.  Elijah smiled and continued, "We have a very special guest here. A judge. This judge is willing to arrange official adoptions. So Finn and Henrik, not only will you be stuck with me for a dad, but you will be graced with Vanessa for your mother officially."  The boys looked at each other and then Vanessa in confusion. Finn smiled widely, "But she's already our mom." Vanessa hugged them and kissed them both on the head.  Klaus added, "Camille will be adopting Matt, Connor, Erik, and Penelope officially."  Freya and Keelin then got up, "We, too, would like to adopt all of the Parkers. If you want to keep your last name you can, or you can change it to Malraux-Mikaelson. Guys, you can take some time to talk it over. But please know, we will be happy with whatever you decide."  Jo looked at her siblings, "We have talked. I think I can speak for all of us, from me the oldest, to Rosie here...We would like it if you adopted us, a lot. But since Mama K. changed her name to Mikaelson, can we keep Malraux to our middle name?" Everyone laughed.  "The hyphen is kind of a mouthful. Then, Mikaelsons we all are," Keelin laughed. Freya picked up Rosie and spun her. Keelin leaned down to ask Joey if he had to go to the bathroom, but he had already wet his pants. Keelin untucked his shirt to try to give Joey a clean getaway without his siblings spotting the stain.  "I tried to tell you!" Joey exclaimed.  "It's okay, hon. We'll get you changed real quickly," Keelin promised as she took him by the hand to change.  "Do I have a new name now? Am I still the same person?" Joey wondered. "Yes, hon. Do you like Joey Mikaelson? You could go by Joey Parker Mikaelson, too," Keelin added.  "Nah, that's too wong. Joey M. sounds good," Joey said happily.  This time, Joey had agreed to wear the pull up. They came down right in time for the Parkers to be officially adopted.  "Klaus, did you compel the judge?" Freya asked.  "No, I just paid him off," Klaus revealed with a charming smile.  "But this is all official?" Freya pressed.  "Indeed. They are all Mikaelsons here. Only Tyler is still a Lockwood,  and Jeremy is still a Gilbert. Matt is still a Donovan, out of respect for his sister's memory, but he has asked Cami and me to adopt him officially. The others, all Mikaelsons," Klaus mused.  Kol added, "We could have quite the rugby team someday!"  Tyler and Matt groaned, and Tyler clarified, "Nah, Uncle Kol, just football. Don't make us tackle you here in front of all the girls!"  Vanessa said indicating Elijah, "Hey guys, hate to miss the party but this guy is whisking us away to a surprise vacation. The boys are too excited to stick around. Boys, did you want to tell Lucas and Joey something?"  Finn was hopping up and down, "Lucas, you can play with my Lego town. Just don't mess it up."  Henrik corrected, "It's mine, too. Joey, you can play with the fire station."  "Okay, we will. We work break anything. I swear," Joey vowed.  Lucas also promised, "We will take care of it. I won't let Joey ruin it."  A few hours later, the party was in full swing. Caroline arrived. Bonnie and her cousin Lucy joined. Lucy spent some time talking witchcraft with Freya and checking out the new greenhouse. Witches did love their herbs. "So Matt, I hear that you are adopted. Congrats," Bonnie said hugging him.  "Yeah, it feels...great. I almost changed my name and I would have if it wasn't for Vickie. How's it going with Lucy?" Matt asked.  "She is awesome. But also on top of me about witchcraft and school. I have to study like every night. We got into our first fight because I was just too tired to study for that bio quiz after going to the movies. Now, she wants me to do my homework first, like I'm in 3rd grade," Bonnie scoffed.  Jeremy cut in, "That's not such a bad idea."  "Oh shut up. I'm here to gripe and stuff my face. Where have you been?" Bonnie asked Jeremy.  "Around. Keeping a low profile, more or less," Jeremy said lightly.  "So how's your girlfriend? Anna?" Bonnie asked archly.  "Um, my dad is throwing them out of town. They have to pick up that ancient vamp who attacked my brothers and then Anna and her mom Pearl are gone, for good," Jeremy swore.  "Good. Good to hear. Hey, I saw your sister. The real Elena," Bonnie mentioned.  "I talked to her on the phone. She's happy I know. I guess she's doing well. As well as can be expected," Jeremy said softly.  "I just don't know if things are going well with the Salvatores. That creepy Lily is there and now this old Julian dude. I told Elena that maybe she should just move back in with Ric and Jenna," Bonnie stated. Jenna and Ric had been invited, but one of the twins had a cold.  "But then does Katherine have to do the same? I don't want her anywhere near them or the twins. Speaking of which. How's Caroline?" Jeremy asked looking around.  "She's upstairs with Tyler. They still don't know what they are doing. Keelin said that wolves grow pretty fast in the womb, but she still has a couple of months left. I feel like Caroline is driving Ty crazy, does he say anything?" Bonnie inquired.  "Nope. He acts all cool about it. Like he can handle anything, but she keeps him up half the night fighting. Something has to give. They need to decide where they are going to live," Jeremy scoffed.  "Yeah, well, your dad and step mom seem happy. Another baby, huh?" Bonnie added.  "Yeah," Jeremy smiled, "I am really happy for them. My dad deserves it. Cami, too."  "Don't you have to call her Mom?" Bonnie smiled.  "No, she's been cool with us calling her Cami. Like, she lets my dad still handle things. I mean she never yells at us or tries to boss us around," Jeremy said evenly.  "I am sure that will change," Bonnie insisted.  "What? Why?" Jeremy asked in total confusion.  "Ah, because that's the way it is. She's going to start being more of a mom to you, I'm sure," Bonnie suggested.  "That's cool, too. I just don't want things to change too much," Jeremy admitted.  BackyardLate AfternoonKai threw the football and Kol jumped up high to get it.  "Whoa, lad, that's a bit wild. I think you need some practice," Kol chuckled as he tossed the ball back.  Erik and Connor also ran behind Kai, Erik shouted, "I'm open!"  Connor tackled Erik and grabbed the ball as Erik grunted loudly.  "Did you ask about training us?" Erik asked Kol suddenly.  "Ask whom? Those bloody lovebirds in there who can't stop kissing? I'd have a better chance of seeing the rapture," Kol quipped.  Erik wondered, "Like the end of days, Uncle Kol? Preachers in Louisiana act like that could be any day now."  Connor laughed lighty, "Show us something quick."  Kol thought, "Um, Kai, take off your bracelet. I learned this old trick in Arabic in the 1800s."  Kai flushed, "I'm not allowed to siphon anyone. Freya said."  Kol patted him on the arm, "No one will know, mate. I mean, especially if you don't tell her. Plus, you can't siphon me to death. It's safe."  Kai nodded and touched Kol's forearm, his hand lit up orange and he began to suck up some of his power.  Unlike siphoning from a surface, another witch, or a regular vampire, this was pure vampiric energy. Electric shocks reverberated throughout his body.  "Oh my God," Kai gasped, "It's so pure!"  For a brief second, he didn't want to stop. Then, he felt Erik's hands pushing him.  "Stop, Kai!" Connor added with concern.  Kol fell to the ground, he spat, "Bloody hell. I can't...believe it. They killed her. Nik, he killed Ariane. I remember. I remember it all. Why??? She was so lovely..."  Kol then passed out cold. The three boys just stared at him a second in shock. They knew how strong and powerful Kol was. He should not be on the ground now.  "Um, guys, I think I'm in trouble!" Kai trembled.  Connor nodded, "Let's just get him into the house. Kai, maybe you best not touch him again. Reckon?"  Kai nodded and watched the two brothers lift the Original vampire and carry him into the house. This was not how he expected things to turn out. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Sunday, January 30, 2011Late AfternoonCami was in the kitchen when Connor and Erik brought in Kol. Kai had opened the glass door, let them in, shooed in Sadie, and then shut it in a daze.  "Oh my God, what happened?" Cami cried out.  "We don't know," Erik said quickly.  "He's out," Connor said simply.  "Um, put him in the bedroom, I guess," Cami said indicating Freya's old room. Then, she yelled for Klaus.  "What is it, my love?" Klaus said vamping to the sound of her voice.  "Your brother. Kol," Cami said pointing to the bedroom.  Klaus found Connor and Erik putting Kol in the bed and trying to wake up. "Uncle Kol, man, wake up," Erik said urgently. The boys were scared.  "Lads, it's okay. Here, let me take a look," Klaus said feeling his brother's head. Cool.  Kai came in looking sick, "It was my fault. I siphoned him."  "What?" Klaus said in surprise.  Connor cut in, "Dad, Kol told him to do it. He wanted to show us a trick. It wasn't Kai's fault."  "Of course not. Kai, it's alright. You're not in trouble. Just tell me what happened," Klaus said patiently. The boys described exactly what happened and what Kol had said.  Klaus sat on the chair in the corner. To himself, Klaus babbled,  "Bloody hell. I told Elijah that he would remember."  "Remember what, Dad?" Connor asked.  "Nothing, boys. Do me a favor and go get your Aunt Freya for me. Uncle Kol will okay," Klaus said pressing a kiss into Erik's head. He hated to see him so worried.  "But, he doesn't look good," Kai remarked, still looking pair.  "Kai, dear boy, no one is in trouble here, except perhaps me. Okay? Now go. I'll explain everything to your mum," Klaus said softly, nodding at the boy to go.  "Okay, Uncle Klaus. Thanks," Kai said worriedly.  "Kol," Freya said running in the room. "Niklaus, what happened?"  "Freya, my dear, I have something to tell you. I am afraid you aren't going to like it much," Klaus admitted.  An hour later, Freya's head was still spinning.  "So, let me get this straight, Kol fell in love with a siphon witch named Ariane in the 1910s. She siphoned him and used the power to try to complete the Rite of the Nine in New Orleans, what exactly is that," Freya clarified.  "It was probably, 1913, before Marcel left for the war. A child from each coven was being kidnapped before Kol met her, so she did not need him to do it. But he fell in love with her and let her suck out his vampire essence. Elijah and I found her hideaway at the docks. The children were in an unconscious state. We went home and found Ariane trying to siphon Marcel. I...," Klaus stopped. He never really wanted Freya to know the extent of his former ruthlessness.  "It is okay, Brother. You need not be ashamed. I would do anything to protect this family, too," Freya confessed plainly.  "I killed her. I murdered the witch right in front of Kol. The children woke up and were okay. But that's not why I killed her. I killed her for going near my son, I suppose. Kol lost it. He was not himself. He refused to feed. Oh Freya," Klaus got up. Suddenly the room was too small. He paced and then leaned his face against the wall and lightly pounded it with his fist.  "Niklaus, I need to know all, if I am going to help him," Freya chided slowly.  "Freya, any punishment you give me will pale in comparison to what I feel for myself. I lost it. I took Kol upstairs and whipped him. Elijah came in and I think took his brush to him. I belted him. Elijah held him down and I took a switch to him. His legs had crisscrossed welts. After, he wouldn't even look at me. Kol wouldn't eat, he wouldn't come out of his room. We were afraid he would start to desiccate," Klaus continued as he turned to see her reaction. Freya kept her face blank.  "Go on," Freya whispered.  "So we did something, perhaps worse. We fetched the witch Dominque. She's the one who saved Kol and Marcel when they fell into the River, she spelled the hairbrush, and she erased Kol's memory. This was only possible since he had been siphoned. He forgot it all. For a week, he was a tad tired and out of sorts, but as his essence came back, he was his old self," Klaus smiled bitterly.  "But you never forgave yourself?" Freya said simply.  "How could I? We beat him without even listening to his side of the story. Rebekah wept when she saw what I did. She was disgusted. Freya, how can I face him?" Klaus asked in fear.  "Niklaus, this was a hundred years ago. You need to let it go. Kol will wake up and you can tell him how you feel. Maybe listen to him this time. If he is angry, let him be angry. That is okay. You know, I think you fear that when someone is angry at you that they don't love you anymore. That is not so, not at all. If people didn't care, they wouldn't be angry," Freya said gently.  "But Father was angry at me all the time and he...Freya, he despised me. I would catch him staring at me with the same disgust on his face that Rebekah felt for me that day. When I took my belt to Kol, I was Father. Freya, can you wipe that memory away?" Klaus asked in a small voice.  "Brother, you can work through this pain. Wiping someone's memory...that does not help. This is a happy day, a happy time. Do not let this ruin it. Elijah is away, but you can do this. You have me, you have Cami, you have the kids, and you have Kol. None of us will turn our back on you, I promise," Freya said as she grabbed Klaus' hand.  "I do not deserve all of you," Klaus replied.  "But you do. When you beat Kol, it was out of fear for Marcel. Not that there is any, any excuse for brutality, there is not. And Brother, you are not the only one among us who has killed, who has faltered, who has sinned against our own blood. If you judge yourself, you judge all of us. Can you just take a moment and be as kind to yourself as you would to your family?" Freya pleaded.  Klaus paused and looked at Kol, he touched his leg gently, "Freya, I honestly don't know."  "Thank you for being honest. Niklaus, I would like to perform some tests on Kol. Why don't you go back to the party? I need to concentrate," Freya said carefully.  Klaus brushed Kol's hair away from his head and nodded. He could not speak any further.  Older Girls' RoomRachael, Bonnie, and Caroline were sitting on the couch watching tv and painting their toe nails when Dana came in.  "Playing house again?" Rachael asked wryly.  "Nope. School. Penny made me sitting in that house for like two hours handing out detentions. I am exhausted," Dana reported. "Sucker," Rachael smirked.  "Ah, I think it's cute how she plays with them. I know Penny is kind of bossy, what is Olivia like?" Bonnie asked looking at the twins.  "Um, it's weird because she's our sister but we haven't seen her in three years. So Lucas and her were four when we got sent away. She actually does seem to be a little tough. She bosses around Lucas and Joey for sure," Dana shared.  Caroline prodded, "So is it nice to have everyone back together or strange?"  Rachael admitted, "Both, I guess. Rosie was a newborn and Joey only two so they don't even remember us. That might be for the best. We weren't like the nicest 11 year olds."  "Both of you?" Bonnie pressed.  "That is true," Dana agreed. "I think we were the epitome of mean girls. Not that anyone much noticed."  "Meaning, our parents basically ignored our ginger asses. I guess we know now they had their reasons," Rachael said evenly.  "Don't they all.  My mom freaking stays over night at the sheriff station. Like this is Mystic Falls, not New York City, yet I wake up and not one is there," Caroline complained.  Bonnie scoffed, "As least you know where she is. My mom left to get milk ten years ago and never returned."  Bonnie twisted the ring on her finger that was Grams. At least Grams never left her on purpose. She should really go check and see if Lucy was ready to go, but she and Caroline were having fun.  "I don't know why I even put Tyler through the hell of trying to decide where we should live. After today, I think I know," Caroline grinned.  "Really, here? That would be awesome," Dana exclaimed. "I can help. I love babies." "So are you sure this place won't explode. It's freakin' huge, but packed," Caroline said looking around. She tossed her blond hair and felt her bulging stomach.  "Caroline, a small city could live in this house and there would still be room for more. Plus, it is sound proofed," Rachael explained.  Bonnie nodded, "And you have Freya here and Keelin and Cami and Vanessa. So a witch, a doctor, a shrink and a teacher. Your kids won't even have to leave. Plus, hello, the new play areas are awesome. I got to be the first person to slide into the ball pit."  "Ah, Connor fixed that! That was sweet of him," Rachael said shyly.  "Rachael, I never heard you say anything nice about a boy before or really...anyone," Caroline giggled.  "Me, either," Dana added.  "Um, shut up, guys. He's like, our cousin. Don't be gross. He's just a nice guy. Respectful. They don't make them like that in Portland," Rachael said primly.  "Oh stop, your brother is nice. He's from Portland," Bonnie argued.  "Fine, but he doesn't have a southern accent," Rachael laughed.  Caroline started to get up and Bonnie and Dana helped her. "Thanks. I better get home. I like to be in bed by 9 these days."  "How much longer until the big day, Caroline?" Dana inquired.  "Keelin said it's hard to tell because if the babies are part hybrid, they could be growing faster. I haven't talked to Ty about living arrangements yet. It kind of freaks him out," Caroline intoned.  "I thought that was all you two talked about," Bonnie corrected.  "More like argued about. I hate it when he is right. But both his mom and my mom are never around so they can forget about treating our kids like second fiddles," Caroline spat.  "Tell us how you really feel," Rachael said sarcastically.  "Honestly, I'm tired. Love you, girls. Thanks for having us. Bonnie, can you grab my bag?" Caroline said wobbling out of the room. KitchenKai lingered outside of the bedroom. He finally tapped on the door. Freya answered.  "Honey, come on in," Freya said in a kind tone. "Uncle Kol is just sleeping. See? He's going to be okay."  "Oh, thank God," Kai said visibly relaxing. "You told me not to siphon, but I did and now this happens..."  "Kai, listen. What if I told you that this may have been a blessing in disguise?" Freya said quietly.  "I don't understand," Kai said.  "Well, I think we will know more when Kol wakes up. Let's let him sleep," Freya said tiptoeing out of the room. Klaus was coming in for an update.  "So Kol is just in a deep sleep. He's going to be okay," Freya said gently.  "Oh good," Klaus said putting an arm around Kai. "See, mate?"  "How about we leave Kol to sleep? I am going to check on Keelin and the kids," Freya said.  "Okay," Kai said.  "Homework done? Everything ready for tomorrow? Room clean?" Freya prompted.  "Um, yes, no, and not at all," Kai answered.  Klaus responded, "Shall I come up and motivate the boys a little to clean up? Uncle Elijah is not here to do his usual nagging and cleaning." "Probably," Kai admitted. Klaus grabbed some garbage bags from the pantry. He found the best way to get his boys cleaning was to start helping them. Playscape Freya found Keelin playing with the kids in the playscape room. Joey was in the ball pit. Rosie was trying to gather up the courage to slide. Lucas was climbing the structure.  "Hey, having fun, Mama?" Freya said as she hugged Keelin tightly.  "Yes, I think so. They are getting tired. We ate at this little table here. How's your brother?" Keelin asked.  "Which one?" Freya smirked.  "Don't be a smart ass. Kol," Keelin said firmly.  "He's in a deep sleep. Klaus is kind of a mess, but that goes back a century," Freya said in exhaustion.  "So tomorrow, we'll work on paperwork and starting to get these kiddos into school," Keelin said with a yawn.  "Let's just all pile into bed now," Freya suggested.  "Agreed," Keelin said gratefully.  Klaus and Cami's Room"How is he?" Cami asked with concern.  "Freya said Kol is fine. I just hate seeing him like that. And I am loathe to tell you this, but I promised there would be no secrets between us, but,-" Klaus paused.  "Klaus, if you aren't ready to tell me, it's okay," Cami cautioned.  "No, it is just that I am ashamed. Elijah and I had a witch erase Kol's mind a century ago. He had fallen under the influence of a beautiful siphon. Unbeknownst to him, she was kidnapping children to sacrifice in this arcane ritual. He brought her home and she attacked Marcel and Elijah and I killed her. Kol didn't know any of this, but I punished him harshly and he shut down. For a week, he refused to eat or speak and so we got the witch to do her spell. When Kai siphoned him in the yard, his memory returned...but then he fell into a deep slumber. Cami, what if he hates me?" Klaus said unable to meet her eyes.  "Kol adores you as much as you adore him. Klaus, it is going to be okay. I swear it. Plus, that was a long time ago. Today is about family coming together. Speaking of family, and some rambunctious  teen boys in particular...Remember, you asked the boys to come down to talk about the drinking thing and the cars?" Cami prompted.  "I had forgotten," Klaus said sitting on the edge of the bed. Cami moved over to rub his shoulders.  "I should be doing that to you," Klaus said softly.  "Stop, I get to take of you, too," Klaus said kissing the hybrid on the neck.  A hard knock stopped their brief moment of affection. Cami giggled, "Come in."  Connor, Erik, Kai, and Matt came in the doorway.  "Hi lads, we just wanted to speak to you about the whole party incident and the cars," Klaus said following them over to the couch area. Cami came also. She sat on the arm of the chair Klaus sat in.  Matt nodded, "Dad, you know I would not drink and drive drunk again. Really."  "Matthew, I hear the truth in your voice. But we just wanted to clarify that you are not to drink and drive at all under the influence. Not one beer. You boys are 17, and Erik, you are only 14. Kai, I know you are in the process of getting your license, but drinking can be dangerous and get in trouble with the law. No more of it," Klaus said firmly.  Connor agreed, "I was trying to get in with this girl I liked and I dragged the other guys there with me. I don't think they are really the crowd for us anyway."  "That's not how it seemed when you were in the woods with her," Erik smirked.  Connor clamped his hand down hard on Erik's shoulder, "Shut the hell up, Erik."  Cami rose, "Boys, please, stop! Connor, you're hurting him."  Connor shoved Erik away and he glared at his older brother as he rubbed his sore shoulder.  "Connor, that's enough," Klaus warned.  "He just has a big mouth is all," Connor went on. "Sorry."  "Shut up," Erik mumbled still glaring at Connor.  Klaus continued, "Matt, I am going to restate your driving privileges. But I mean it, one more time and I will take that truck and drive it off the quarry myself. No more underage drinking and no being around those drinking and driving."  Cami added, "I think that is pretty fair. Your dad is really trying to trust you guys here. But your lives are too important to let you just throw them away for a night of fun."  Kai balked, "For the record, I was not having fun out there! No more parties for me."  Everyone laughed a little.  "Okay, thanks, boys. Matt, Kai, you guys head up. I want to talk to Connor and Erik a moment," Klaus said casually.  Cami took Matt and Kai by the arms, "I'll walk up with you two handsome fellows, if you don't mind."  After they left, Klaus said, "I'm waiting. Tell me what's going on with you, too. What happened in the woods, Connor?"  Connor flushed red and ran his hand through his cropped light brown hair, "Dad, please."  Erik grinned, "Tell him, Connor!"  "Erik, you are two seconds away from going over my knee. Now, knock it off," Klaus threatened.  "What did I do? He was the one fucking that ugly skank in the forest!" Erik shouted.  Klaus grabbed Erik and swatted him hard over his jeans. Whap! "Ouch! Fuck, Dad, I didn't do anything," Erik whined. He put his hands behind him, just in case. "Come on, I guess you need that filthy mouth washed out with soap," Klaus said as he dragged Erik to the bathroom. Crack! Crack! "No! I didn't do anything bad," Erik yelled trying to stop Klaus from marching him to certain doom. Whap! Whap! "If I have to stop again, I am going to take down your pants and get the paddle. Now march!" Klaus warned tightening his grip. Whap! Whap! Erik whined, "But..." Erik cast a furtive glance at Connor and then let Klaus take him into the bathroom. A moment later, Erik was sitting on the closed toilet with a new bar of Ivory soap in his mouth.  Suds were escaping from the side of his mouth.  Erik sat on his slightly burning rear end and tried not to cry or squirm. He stared at the marble floor and wondered if he was going to throw up. He kept gagging, but stubbornly crossed his arms and refused to look up.  "Connor, now come in here and tell me what the hell is going on before I unwrap a second bar of soap," Klaus thundered. Connor's eye's widened. It never occurred to him that his father would soap out his mouth also.  "Fine, if you really want to know my private business, I, um, lost my virginity to that Angela girl," Connor admitted.  Klaus gasped, "Oh Connor, do you even like this girl?"  Connor shook his head, and admitted, "No, not even as a person."  "That's not what it is about, Son," Klaus said earnestly. He looked at Erik struggling with the soap in his mouth. Connor gave Klaus a pleading look. Erik had been a pest, but it was difficult for him to see Erik being punished.  "Okay, Erik, spit it out. Then, you can tell your brother you're sorry," Klaus said to his younger son. Erik ran to the sink and rinsed out his mouth. Klaus got him some mouthwash and let him spit that out.  "What do you say to Connor? You were acting like a bit of an ass," Klaus chastised.  "I'm sorry, Connor. Dad, am I in trouble?" Erik said pushing his now chin length blond hair behind his ears.  "You almost got a good hiding for that cursing and picking on Connor. Listen to me, I know you are 14, but that behavior is beneath you. No more of it. Come here, give me a hug," Klaus said as he pulled Erik to him.  "Sorry, I won't do it no more," Erik said softly.  "I hear Camille out there. Go tell her goodnight. Connor is going to get a safe sex lecture. I'll give it to you on a night when I haven't swatted you and soaped out your mouth. I love you, Erik," Klaus said with emotion.  "Night, Dad," Erik said as he left the lavish bathroom. "I know it is hard for you to see Erik getting punished but I will not allow him to treat you like that," Klaus explained.  "I used to be the one whupping him a few years ago. It's like since we got here all he does is test me to see how much I'm gonna take, before I snap," Connor revealed.  "I am sorry, Son. I will talk to Camille, now officially your mother, and see if she has any solutions. If that doesn't work, he's going to get a dose of my hand over his bare behind. Now, speaking of bare behinds, let's address you fornicating in the woods..." Klaus started.  Bedroom"Do I even want to know what you were all doing together in the bathroom?" Cami joked.  Erik smiled and rubbed his backside slightly, "I cursed and got my mouth washed out with soap."  Cami gasped in mock horror, "No, you didn't! I left for five minutes and you turned into an interstate truck driver."  Erik laughed, "I was messing with my brother cause um, he had sex with a girl in the woods. Dad, smacked me and made me apologize. He's getting a sex talk in there now."  "Oh Erik, that wasn't very nice. Why were you doing that?" Cami asked gently.  "I guess it is just...I don't know why I do it. Sometimes I can't help myself. Connor just does dumb things and I call him out," Erik reasoned.  "Well, you best get up to bed, my Son," Cami said. "Remember, I'm officially your mom so I get to tell you to brush your teeth and wear deodorant now."  Erik smiled, "Just as long as you don't make me cut my hair, I'll be happy. Connor thinks I look like a girl."  "Oh sweetheart, I like your hair. I can't imagine you without it. I bet the girls like it, too," Cami said getting up to hug him goodnight.  Erik paused, "I can hear it."  "What?" Cami said in confusion.  "The baby's heartbeat," Erik smiled and listened again. "Goodnight, Mom."  "Goodnight, baby," Cami said touching the boy's blond hair. He looked so innocent.  Freya and Keelin's Room "Okay, Rosie is down. Kol is still sleeping. Penny and Liv are now sleeping together on one side of their loft, which is really cute," Freya said quietly.  Rosie was still in the toddler bed on the other side of the room in case she woke up at night.  "Everyone's teeth are brush, potty check, um, everyone has a glass of water, and we are ready for story time," Keelin said as Freya got in the bed.  "This is our last night sleeping like this. Tomorrow, you guys sleep in your big boy beds," Freya reminded Joey and Lucas.  "But I wike sleeping in here," Joey said.  "But we got you that cool bed. Remember Finn and Henrik will be back in a few days so the room will feel less scary then," Keelin added.  "So can we stay here until then," Lucas begged.  "We'll see," Freya grinned. "Did you guys have a good day?"  "Yeah, it was awesome! I can't believe we got all those toys. Our own Legos, too," Lucas said in awe.  They had gotten their own police station, fire station, and the Lego fire truck.  "Kai is going to help you put those towns together after school this week. Joey, what book did you want tonight?" Keelin asked.  Lucas smiled, "You said you would tell us about how you met your best friend and got in trouble at school."  "Oh, you don't want to hear about that. I was a bad little wolf in those days. My poor teachers and grandma," Keelin laughed.  "Oh, but we do want to hear about this, Mama! Don't we, boys?" Freya smiled.  Joey nodded, "I wanna hear about a bad wolf!"  "Ugh, fine. But I didn't turn into a real wolf until much later. But as a little wolf, I had a pretty hot temper..."  October 15, 1995 Springfield, MissouriKeelin was a little worked up as she had just turned nine two weeks before. After school, she was planning to walk alone with her two friends from her apartment complex to buy candy.  Typically, they had to wait for her friend's older sister to escort them, but no longer. Her grandma had finally declared her old enough to go unsupervised. She had made it to maturity.  "I got five bucks more than you," Tina said shaking her money in Freya's face. "Get that outta my face. You don't even know how much I got for my birthday. Plus, you didn't even get me a present so half of that is mine," Freya said snatching the bill out of her friend's hand.  "Stop it, you guys. Coach Castile is coming!" Sheila hissed.  "I ain't afraid of her," Keelin boasted under her breath.  "That's b.s.," Tina said as she smiled sweetly as the tall, stately gym teacher walked into the locker room. She was in her thirties and very athletic and fit. She had short black hair and a whistle around her neck.  "Okay, ladies, let's hurry. Basketball today, after warm ups," Coach Castille said briskly.  "Coach, this is Brittany. She is the new student. She said she played basketball at her old school," Angel explained to the coach. "Ah Brittany, are you going to try out for the team? We could use a player with a little experience," Coach smiled.  Brittany had a brown ponytail and looked preppy. Keelin fingered her own ponytail and straightened her back. She could be on the team if she wanted to, with a little effort. Keelin scowled. She wanted to try out for the basketball team, but hadn't put in a lot of time into practicing. She had better things to do, like keeping her grades up. Her grandmother expected all As.  "Jealous much?" Tina laughed at seeing Keelin's glare.  "I don't even care about the stupid team. They stink," Keelin fumed.  "Keelin, something on your mind?" Coach asked pointedly. Keelin's chest flushed with embarrassment.  "Nah, Coach," Keelin said.  "Let's go," Coach said frowning as her young player.  Several minutes after the warm-up, Keelin's blood was up. She would show her coach that she did have what it takes to be on the team.  The next girl was not only agile and fast, she was aggressive. Right away, she sensed Keelin's determination to prove something and she snatched on to it. As Keelin tried to dribble the ball away, Brittany pounced so quickly that Keelin didn't know what hit her.  "Hey!" Keelin growled.  "Hey, what? Move faster, fatty," Brittany whispered.  "What'd you say, new girl? Take it back!" Keelin interjected.  "You heard me, fatty!" Brittany said running off with the ball faster. Before Keelin knew it, she was on top of the new girl and punching her with her small fists. But the next thing she knew, she was on her back and the new girl was then slamming her head into the gym floor.  "Get off me!" Keelin roared. She heard Coach blow her whistle.  "Girls, what is this?" Coach shouted pulling Brittany off of Keeling. The other girls were standing around watching the fight in shock. The basketball rolled away until it came to a stop on its on. "She started it!" Brittany squeaked as she wiped her mouth to check for blood.  "She called me fatty!" Keeling retorted.  "I don't care. Both of you, in there!" Coach said grabbing both of their arms and shoving them into a sports storage area with a cage door. The coach inspected both girls to make sure they weren't injured, both of them looked fine to her. It was full of equipment like balls and nets and had a table tennis area with several chairs to the right side. The now aggravated coach stood each girl up against the wall and told them not to move or talk until she got back.  Keelin leaned her head against the wall and pounded her fist against it.  "Now we're both in for it, you dummy!" Keelin remarked.  "I can't get suspended. This is my first week," Brittany gasped weakly.  "We're not getting suspended. We're going to get paddled," Keelin whispered.  "What? What do you mean?" Brittany asked in sheer confusion.  "She's going to spank us and she is strong!" Keelin hissed.  "What? She hit you before? They didn't do that at my old school. Oh my God," Brittany said starting to panic. "Yeah, it's usually not a biggie, but Coach paddles the hardest. She can swat us with our pants down, if she wants. We are dead," Keelin confirmed. She had been spanked and paddled by other teachers and even the principal once. They usually doled out a token swat or two as a warning to behave. But none came close to delivering the withering sting from the Coach's strong arm. Keelin's behind started to tingle at the thought and she felt tears spring in her eyes.  They heard Coach talking to another adult.  "Fine, let me just take care of these two young ladies and I will be back out in a few minutes. Thanks a bunch," Coach said stepping back into the storage room.  "Turn around," Coach snapped.  Keelin and Brittany turned around trembling.  "Fighting? The first week, Brittany? Over what? Basketball. And you Keelin, you may be one of the best students in the school, but if you don't learn to control that temper, you are going to have a hard life. What do you have to say for yourselves?" Coach asked sharply.  Keelin took a breath, "She made me mad. She called me fat, but I shouldn't have attacked her."  "That's right. You should have reported her to me, not attacked her. Brittany? You want to weigh in here?" Coach pressed.  "Sorry for calling you 'fatty.' I was just joking," Brittany said nervously.  Coach nodded, "I am going to giving you both a paddling and a note to take home. We don't put up with fighting in this school. I hope you learn a lesson here."  "But Coach! Do you really have to send the note?" Keelin inquired.  "Young lady, your grandmother gave me full permission to discipline you as I see fit, but only if I inform her every time so she can follow up at home. Isn't that right?" Coach reminded her.  "Yes, ma'am," Keelin said defeated.  "Brittany, I assuming by that look on your face that you never got the paddle at school before, right?" Coach questioned.  "No, ah, ma'am," Brittany almost stuttered.  "The two of you can bend over the ping pong table here. Spread your legs. Lay flat. And you think about getting up or out of place and I will start again at one, understand?" Coach demanded sternly.  "Yes," Keelin agreed. "Don't move," Coach reminded them.  The coach stepped back and almost in a moment of inspiration yanked down Brittany's gym shorts. Then, Keelin felt her shorts whisked down to her knees.  "I want you to really feel this," Coach said as she tapped the ping pong paddle she picked up from the table on Keelin's cloth covered bottom.  Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Next, she lined up the round wooden paddle with the cotton seat of Brittany's underpants. Brittany sucked in her breath.  Whap! Whap! Brittany made a movement as to get up and Coach pushed her back down with her left hand.  "That's gonna cost ya," Coach said. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Brittany made an "ouch" sound and shifted from foot to foot.  Coach went back to Keelin. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! This time she swatted each four times on each cheek in the same spot. Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Keelin also began to wiggle from foot to foot. Her cheeks were stinging and burning.  Coach popped Brittany cheeks in the same repetitive pattern for the next eight swats. Brittany felt tears run down her face and a tremendous sting in her rear. Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Then she began to paddle Keelin once on each cheek and then on the center of her behind for another nine smacks until she was squirming and fighting to stay still.  The coach then smacked Brittany in the same manner but had to hold her down as she tried to bounce up.  "Five more," Coach announced. She whacked each girl a little lower on the sit spots and then once in the center of the behind as hard as she could to end the punishment. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! As soon as the paddle smacked the small portion of bare thigh of each girl left uncovered by her underwear, they broke into unreserved sobs and cries.  The coach gave them a minute to stop crying and then pulled both of their shorts up.  Both girls gasped a little, but kept their hands away from the sensitive area. "Now, shake hands and put this behind you. If I have to paddle you for this again, it will be with my big paddle on your bare butts! Got it?" Coach asked sternly. Keelin didn't think she was allowed to do that, but she wasn't about to question the coach. After all, she was still planning on trying out for basketball team when it started later in the year. Brittany and Keelin looked at each other and went to shake hands, but instead hugged a long minute.Keelin wiped at her eyes, "I'm real sorry. You're a good basketball player."  Brittany smiled back, "You, too. Maybe we could play sometime?" "Yeah, I would like that. I can show you around town, if you like," Keelin said as she snuck a quick rub at her backside. Any hard feelings were gone and a new friendship was born.  Bedroom "So you became friends?" Lucas asked half asleep.  "Not just friends, best friends," Keelin said slowly.  "And did you get a note home?" Freya asked.  "Yup, and I got the flat of my grandmother's brush on my bare behind before bed that night. But I got to play with Brittany the next day I think," Keelin recalled.  Freya pointed to Joey, who was sleeping. "And basketball?"  "We both got on the team. But Coach, she was strict and that was not our last run in with her. But she helped me get my anger under control. But that woman did not play," Keelin laughed.  "I don't want to go to school," Lucas said suddenly.  "Oh, Lucas, no one is going to whack you at school. Baby, this was a long time ago and this was in another state," Freya said.  "No, I just want to stay here and play with you all day," Lucas said quietly.  "Hon, you need to make friends and learn and get out into the world a little. You get to ride the bus," Freya offered.  "Oh, okay," Lucas said as he closed his eyes and went to sleep.  "I like hearing these stories from your past," Freya said softly.  "Next time, I'll tell you about the time Britt and I got caught smoking my grandma's cigarettes," Keelin whispered coyly.  "No, you didn't. A doctor? Smoking. And you stole from your grandmother. Oh boy," Freya winced.  "Yeah, but the worst part was we got caught at Britt's sleepover by her parents and we were possibly a little tipsy. Did I mention that we were ten?" Keelin cringed.  "Are our kids going to do all this stuff?" Freya asked.  "No, they will be perfect, of course. Just like their mom," Keelin said looking into Freya's eye.  "And their mama. Love you, Night," Freya smiled back. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Sunday, January 30, 2011 Erik went upstairs thinking about the baby's heartbeat that he had just heard. He could still taste soap in his mouth and felt a prick of embarrassment at how he had acted in front of his dad. Connor should be used to him, he knew Erik didn't mean anything. "Dude, what were you guys doing down there?" Matt asked suspiciously.  "Getting my ass beat and hang on, I gotta brush my teeth," Erik said ducking into the bathroom.  Connor came up short after and found Erik still brushing.  "You ain't getting that taste out so just forget it," Connor grinned.  Erik felt a faint heat in his face, "So you got your talk, I reckon?"  "Yup. You know, Dad went easy on you again, right? The next time you're really gonna get it and have no one to blame except yourself," Connor lectured as he leaned against the doorframe.  "I know. You know I don't mean nothing by it. You said Dad went easy on me but he didn't.  It's just things are so different here that sometimes I don't know who we are no more.  Everybody is so nice, sometimes I kinda wait for them to show their true colors," Erik admitted.  "Erik, they ain't acting. This is them. Look, even when we did do bad shit, no one curses us out or screams. We got a new mom now. Things are gonna be okay. When you gonna realize that, boy?" Connor grinned.  "I don't know. Cami is real nice. I heard the baby's heart beat...when she hugged me. Mama never did shit like that," Erik said meeting Connor's eyes in the mirror.  "Cause she was too fucked up.  It don't mean she didn't love us. But Erik, we gotta move on now. Act better, do better. And what I did with Angela, that wasn't right either. Dad talked to me real nice about it, but I guess I took advantage of her looking me. I used her. That ain't the kind of person I want to be, you hear what I'm saying?" Connor said as Erik turned to him.  "Yeah, you're a pig," Erik joked.  "Yeah, seriously, it was a dick move, what I done. I just don't want you to think shit like that is okay to do," Connor said.  "I don't, okay? Can I go to bed now?" Erik inquired impatiently.  "Yeah," Connor said punching him lightly on the arm. "I can't believe you said 'fuck' to Dad. He should have sent you for a switch, little boy."  "Hey, you're the one that had sex in the woods!" Erik retorted.  Tyler came in, "What are you two girls doing? Each others' hair? Hurry up. Kai's freaking out about Uncle Kol."  "Kai, man, what's going on?" Connor said going back into the bedroom.  Kai's knees were drawn up to his chin, "I don't know. You saw what happened. Shouldn't I be like sitting by his bedside in case he wakes up? I can't just sit here and do nothing."  Erik sat near Kai, "Our dad said it wasn't your fault. Didn't your mom say that, too? And that he would wake up when he was ready?"  "Yeah, but I don't know. It just feels wrong to leave him down there alone," Kai started to cry. "Since I've been here. He always made sure I was, you know, okay. I'm going down there."  "Dude, sit the fuck down. It's already 11:30pm," Matt warned. "Ask Connor what happens when you are out of bed this late doing fuck all around the house on a school night."  "But Uncle Elijah's gone. My moms are sleeping with the kids in their room. Your dad won't care," Kai reasoned.   Connor laughed, "Who do you think busted my ass? It was our dad and he does care. Go, man, but know you are risking your ass."  "I don't care. I'm going. Anyone coming with me?" Kai asked looking around.  "Uncle Kol would be there for all of us. Maybe we should all go?" Jeremy said anxiously.  "No, Jesus Christ, just let Kai and me go. The rest of you numbnuts go to sleep," Connor said getting up again.  "Thanks, Connor," Kai said gratefully.  "Save those tears, pretty boy. You're going to need them if the two of you get caught," Tyler warned.  "We'll be fine," Connor said with no enthusiasm.  But he was a little worried about Uncle Kol himself. Monday, January 31, 2011Extra BedroomMidnight "Just like that. There you go," Ester said proudly. Her second youngest son was turning into a fine witch.  "Mama, it's working," Kol said in delight as he watched the flower petals float in the air. He had learned how to suck energy from the trees and earth itself and transfer it.  "It is, my boy. You keep practicing and soon you will be lifting rocks. Oh dear, maybe that is not such a good idea," Ester realized too late.  "How come the others never practice?" Kol said as Ester took his hand on the walk home.  "They are too busy doing chores for the farm, or merry making, I suppose. I need your sister's help in the house. You and your little brother are my last two hopes to get a decent witch in the family," Ester smiled.  "Mama, look, here's some blackberries!" Kol said breaking away from her to go pick them.  "Those are big ones. Here, put them in the basket before you eat them all. If we find another bush, I'll make a pie," Ester said looking ahead at the setting sun.  "What's wrong?" Kol asked as he wiped a smear of blackberry juice away from his lips.  "Kol, dear, say nothing to your father about the magic. To him, we were just picking herbs and berries. You know the magic angers him," Ester said lightly.  "Everything angers him," Kol muttered.  "You must not speak like that, if he hears you,..." Ester said in a frightened voice.  "If he tries to hurt us, I'll throw him in the air," Kol vowed. Ester laughed at the thought, she uttered, "Maybe someone you could. Keep practicing, Kol. Just do not let him catch you."  "He won't catch me," Kol groaned in his sleep.  Kai pulled up the chair by the wall, "Uncle Kol, it's Kai and Connor. Wake up." Sadie was sleeping on the end of the bed and whined when Kai spoke.  "It's okay, girl," Kai said as he patted the dog.  Connor stood awkwardly, "I'm going to get him a blood bag. Maybe that will work?"  "Mama, the petals! They are flying," Kol gasped. "Nik, please do not. Let me explain!"  Kai knew as a vampire now, he could enter another vampire's mind. This was a huge violation of privacy. Yet, Kai thought it might help. He looked at the door to make sure Connor was out and started to put his heads on Kol's forehead.  "Just what do you think you are doing, young man?" Keelin hissed.  "Mama! I was just, um, I thought it might help," Kai said weakly. Sadie looked up at Keelin and then put her head back down.  Keelin beckoned him to leave the room, "Mom told you to leave Kol alone. She just checked on him. Don't you trust her?"  Kai looked guiltily at his feet, "Sorry, I was just worried."  Connor was standing there by the fridge looking irritated at Kai.  "We had a long day today. You two have school in a few hours. So explain why you are sneaking around two hours after bedtime?" Keelin whispered in an annoyed tone.  Connor swallowed, "Kai was just worried, Aunt Keelin. But you are right, we should be sleeping. Good night." Connor went to grab Kai and drag him upstairs.  "Oh, you two aren't getting off that easily. I was telling a little story from my childhood of when I made a bad choice and a hard paddling set me straight. Connor, I believe your dad uses this paddle right here for these little misbehaviors, right?" Keelin said getting the Jokari paddle off the top of the frig.  "Yes, Aunt Keelin, but you don't have to get us swats. We will go right to sleep. Honest!" Connor gulped.  "Yes, you will, but with warm behinds. Bend over flat on the island, boys," Keelin said firmly. She was irritated that these kids seemed so quick to disobey Freya. She felt that if Elijah was here, they would be fall asleep by now.  "Mama, please! We're sorry. I begged Connor to come with me, don't paddle him," Kai pleaded.  "Connor is a big boy and now he can accept the consequences," Keelin said as she gave Kai one tap and then drew back her arm to swat Kai. The Jokari had several small holes drills into it and packed a solid swing. Keelin felt the boys would feel it through their pajama pants.  Thud! Kai felt the burn only after hearing the sound.  Thud! Connor wished he had worn flannel or something thicker as his thin cotton sleep pants did not provide adequate protection.  Thud! Thud! Keelin swatted Kai on the center of each cheek firmly. He marched a little in place and let out a small hiss.  Thud! Thud! Keelin cracked the round, wooden paddle over each of Connor's cheeks hard. He forced himself to not move, but kicked up his left foot in the end. He grunted and put his fist in his mouth. Pop! Pop! Pop! Keelin smacked Kai hard on the center of his bottom on the same spot three times. He pushed himself up with his hands and grabbed his rear end.  Pop! Pop! Pop! Connor took the next three swats more stoically, but bit his lip so hard to stay quiet that it almost bled.  "Back down, Kai. You stay down or we can finish this we you over my lap being pinned down," Keelin threatened.  "Just a couple more until I've made a point."  "You have! I swear," Connor yelped. Crack!Crack!Keelin gave both of them one more whack, "Now, just your butts up to bed before I change my mind and really paddle you!"Smack!Smack! "Wait!" Keelin said shutting her eyes. She put the wooden paddle on the counter. Keelin couldn't let them go off to bed like this. They had been punished and it was now over.  "Come here, guys. I love you two. I know you care about Uncle Kol. But if he caught you out of bed, he'd spank you himself, right?" Keelin said as she hugged both of them and kissed them on the forehead.  "Yes, ma'am, we're sorry for disobeying," Connor said sniffing a little and rubbing his sore backside.  "Sorry, Mama, love you. We're going now," Kai said contritely. His behind ached and he was now fighting a yawn. "It's okay, boys. You are both good kids and I know you won't do this again. Go on, quickly," Keelin said as she watched both of them rubbing their behinds vigorously for a moment as they trotted off. Keelin put the paddle back on top of the fridge. She hoped they realized they were luckily that she hadn't gone in the bedroom and come out with some of Freya's salve. The Jokari paddle stung and burned, but both boys would heal quickly on their own without the salve.  "Now what the hell did I come down here for?" Keelin said as she opened the refrigerator.  MorningKlaus padded downstairs in his slippers and robe to see to lunches and backpacks and all of Elijah's typical duties. His brother had listed everything to do in a neat typed sheet in the binder entitled "Daily Tasks."  Klaus peeked in on Kol and found him still asleep. He opened the door for Sadie to go out and refilled her water. Elijah had made that Finn and Henrik's job, but since they were vacationing, Klaus would see to it. Klaus refilled her dry food and pulled out a treat for when she came back in. The poor dog had spent all night with Kol.  Klaus went up and started to wake up the boys.  "Kai, what's wrong?" Klaus said as the young siphon vamp flipped over on his stomach.  Tyler smirked, "I guess you will find out soon anyway, Dad. Kai and Connor went to see after Uncle Kol and got a taste of the paddle from Aunt Keelin."  "What time was this?" Klaus prompted. He flipped Kai's comforter down and smacked his behind. Swat! "Ouch!!!! Like midnight!" Kai shouted.  "You know better. I ought to crack Connor again when he gets out of the shower. But at least he is up, Kai, come on. You are going to be late. I need to go get things ready, Up!" Klaus hollered. Kai groaned and finally got up as Klaus smacked his behind a second time harder. Swat!The other boys got their stuff and went down to breakfast quickly.  "Uncle Klaus!" Kai whined. Klaus took a breath and came back in and sat on Kai's bed.  "Sorry, mate. Tell me what's going on. You're worried about Kol...I am, too. I admit it. But Kai, you have nothing to worry about, okay?" Klaus said now patting his leg gently.  "Everyone keeps saying that, but I did this. This is why I wasn't allowed to touch people and siphon them," Kai admitted.  Conner came in with a towel wrapped around his waist.  "Daddy? Oh, heck!" Connor exclaimed.  "Relax, Son. I know you have to get dressed. Sit, just a moment. Kol is an Original. Believe me, much worse things have tried to take us down. Hunters, ghosts, our mother, our father, and our insane Aunt Dahlia, and we are still here. A little siphoning is nothing to us, this is more. It has to do with something I did a century ago," Klaus confessed.  "To Uncle Kol?" Kai asked softly as he sat up and started to gather his clothes.  "Yes, but don't worry about that. You guys need to trust us. Just because the rules seem silly or inconvenient doesn't mean you can all run around doing what you want," Klaus said seriously.  Connor looked at Kai pointedly. Kai nodded, "Okay. I do trust you. Sorry, and sorry I dragged Connor into it."  Klaus softened, "Guys, I know you were on your own for years. It is hard to dial that back. But let go of some of your control and let yourselves be kids again. Let your family take care of you, that is our job and we want to do. Now, I will let you get ready. I want you to have a good day at school and not dwell on any of this," Klaus finished. He patted Kai on the head and smiled at Connor.  Klaus muttered, "Now to wake up the girls..."  Older Girls' Room"Ladies, it's time to get up," Klaus said softly.  He found the girls already awake and almost fully ready.  "Morning, Uncle Klaus," Jo said cheerfully.  "Whoa, good morning, Josette. Nice to see someone who is actually a morning person," Klaus joked.  Rachael scowled as she put on another layer of eyeliner. "Hi, Uncle Klaus...Are you happy?"  "Rachael, luv, you know, you really are beautiful without all that make up on?" Klaus blurted.  "Our moms say that I can wear whatever I want!" Rachael snapped. She was wearing a tight black shirt with jeans and she unbuttoned another button just to show that she could.  "Oh far be it from me to open my big mouth, apologies," Klaus smirked.  Dana shoved her, "Shut up, Rachael, it's not even 7. Morning, Uncle Klaus. Is Uncle Kol up?"  "No, sweetheart, I'm afraid not. Do you girls need anything?If not, I'm going to go rouse Penelope from her beauty sleep," Klaus announced.  "No, thanks," Klaus said. He noticed an old grimoire on the nightstand. "Is this from our family collection?"  "No, that is from the Bennett witch collection. Sheila, Bonnie's Grams, had hundreds of them. We were looking for ways to break the curse," Jo explained.  "Oh yeah, we will. Do not worry, girls," Klaus said with confidence.  KitchenAfter the older girls left,  Penny was the only younger child who was talking the bus to the private school.  "But why can't Liv come to school with me today?" Penny argued with Cami. Cami had gotten up and was checking Penny's backpack.  "Honey, she's not enrolled yet. Your school has an application process and costs a great deal of money to attend. It's going to take a couple of days," Cami said carefully.  "But it's not fair! I want to stay here and play with Liv," Penny shouted at Cami.  "Penny, I will discuss this with you when you can speak calmly," Cami said continuing to look through the folder.  Keelin had Rosie at the kitchen table and was sitting there while she ate breakfast.  "I want to stay here," Penny repeated in a more respective tone.  "What about your playdate? Do you want me to call your friend's mom to see if she can come over here? Destiny, right? Maybe her little sister can come, too?" Cami wondered.  "No! Sadia hates her sister. No way," Penny cried.  "Honey, she doesn't hate her sister. Let's go. You are going to miss the bus if we don't get to the gate," Cami said urgently.  "But I don't want to go," Penny shouted.  Cami handed Penny her backpack and said, "Let's get your jacket on."  "I'm not going! It's not fair Henrik and Finn don't have to go to school. Why do I? " Penny wailed stomping her feet.  "Sweetheart, we can talk about it later. Now, let's go," Cami said evenly.  Penny made a growling sound and then followed Cami outside.  When Cami got back in the kitchen, Keelin laughed, "Girl, where did you get all that patience?"  Cami admitted, "That one can test Job himself, but I know if I lose it, then I give her the power to make me mad. Penny has a real need to control every situation. She will get it eventually. Then, she'll turn 15 and it will all go down the drain."  "She's been great with Liv, but I've noticed Liv pushing back a little. Liv also had a tendency to boss around her twin," Keelin said wiping Rosie's face with the napkin.  "I still boss around my twin, Sean, so I cannot speak to that. Actually, I'm going to give him a call today. Since our uncle died, I've barely heard from him. Rosie is the cutest little thing," Cami said admiring the little, red haired three year old.  "Thank eww," Rosie said smiling as she put more yogurt in her mouth. Keelin had cut up strawberries for her to eat with her fingers.  "You're welcome, Rosie," Cami smiled. Freya finally got Joey to the bathroom and got him dressed.  He wanted to do everything himself, which she considered a good sign, but it was painstaking. Freya woke up Lucas and Liv and brought down all three kids at once.  "I think everyone is hungry today. Where's Jo?" Freya asked.  Jo was still not in school. They were hoping to enroll her today.  "I think she is working upstairs. She needs to eat, too," Keelin said getting up . "No, babe, I'll go. I'm going to throw in some laundry. Elijah chided me not to let it pile up too much.  You guys sit tight. Today is a big day. We're going to try to get everybody in a school and all set," Freya announced.  Joey smiled, "I wike to go to school. Finn and Henwik go."  Keelin smiled at his speech, "That's right, buddy. We will get you and Rosie in a great preschool. There is one real close to here that looks awesome!"  Freya laughed, "It's a fortune!"  Keelin retorted, "I know. What's that sound?"  Kol came staggering out of the bedroom into the kitchen, "Hello, luvs. What bloody day is it?" 
  
    Chapter Text
    "And Ruth said, Intreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee: for whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God." Book of Ruth, 1:16, BibleMonday, January 31, 2011KitchenMorning"Brother, you're up!" Freya said going over to Kol. "Yes, of course I am. I'm not sure what happened. One minute I was in the yard with the boys and then I was floating flower petals with Mother in the forest. It was like I was caught in a time warp. God, I am hungry," Kol fired out quickly. He vamped over to the refrigerator and grabbed several blood bags.  Keelin looked at Freya with concern, Freya said, "Kol, let check you a minute before you over exert yourself. Would you have a seat? You were out a while."  "I was?" Kol said sitting down and sucking dry a second blood bag. "Ah, that is better."  Keelin finished up and ushered the kids upstairs to play. Her medical skills were not helpful on the ancient Original, only Freya's magic could ascertain if something more was wrong.  "Kol, do you recall what you were saying? You were saying some odd things? What do you remember?" Freya asked gently.  Klaus came rushing into the kitchen, "Brother, you're awake. Finally."  "Oh, Sister, do not fear. I remember everything now," Kol said giving Klaus a hard look.  Nassau, BahamaThe Ocean ClubWedding Night It was dusk and it was time for the vows, Elijah wore a white, linen tuxedo and Vanessa wore a white sheath dress. Her hair was up and braided with white jasmines. The boys wore white linen shorts and white shirts with a flower lei that was driving Finn crazy. Elijah told him he could take it off. Finn made sure to whip Henrik with it every time he thought his parents weren't looking. Henrik tried to step on the back of Finn's shoe to give him a "flat tire", which always drove him crazy. "I vow to love you for always and forever, through witches and wolves and curses and hexes. I vow to put you before all others and treat you as the light of life, which you are. And I vow to do all of the ironing and make sure that you never have to load the dishwasher," Elijah finished.  Vanessa laughed, "Elijah, I vowed to love you for the rest of our immortal lives. I thank you for being the best father and husband any wife and mother could ask for. I vow to never nag you about how much you love to clean and to rub your shoulders at the end of everyday. Thank you for showing me what love is and that life can be eternally wonderful with people around that you love. And I don't mind doing the dishwasher with you."  The pastor had been compelled to not notice anything odd with the vows and gleefully yelled out, "I now pronounce you man and wife. You may now kiss the bride," he said in his thick accent.  The boys cheered, and Henrik jumped, "You are married! You are married!"  Finn asked if they could go night swimming. The sun had almost set. Elijah kissed Vanessa and then picked her up.  "Mr. Mikaelson, put me down!" Vanessa shrieked with laughter.  "If you say so, Mrs. Mikaelson," Elijah replied.  "Only if you want to become shark feed, little man," the pastor boomed with a hearty laugh.  "The sharks eat kids?" Henrik gasped.  "No, no, I am only joking," the large man said, still laughing. Elijah turned his attention to the boys.  "Hey, they have a great kids' club here. They have a photo safaris around the retort, they do fish and shark feeding tours, sushi making with the chef, and are you ready?" Elijah prompted with suspense.  "Daddy, tell us!" Henrik begged.  "Crab racing!!" Elijah said in a high voice.  "Cool! Can we do it now?" Finn asked.  "Let's see what the schedule is," Vanessa smiled. She had a feeling that Elijah would arrange whatever the boys wanted so the newlyweds could have a few hours of alone time.  Elijah paid the pastor and gave him a substantial tip. "Tomorrow, we can go to the big resort and go to the aquarium and the waterpark!" Elijah promised.  Elijah let Vanessa compel the kid's club babysitters to do a special session of crab racing. As it was the off season, Finn and Henrik were the only kids there. Vanessa had not had much practice compelling people, she went on, "Please protect our children with your own life.  Do not take your eyes off them and please do not let them get eaten by sharks." Elijah smiled in encouragement. He added, "That was a nice touch!"  They went to the open beach restaurant and had the famous grilled grouper tacos. Vanessa then compelled another couple and she and Elijah fed off them. They put a few hundreds in their wallet and healed them with blood. "That was fun," Vanessa said, "Sometimes I don't even feel like a real vampire." "Well, you are and you are a damn good one. Let's go back to our ocean view cottage. But I am not interested in seeing that ocean view right now, just you, my dear," Elijah purred.  "Oh, so you want to see the 'Perfectly manicured lawns and gardens with lush foliage', I suppose," Vanessa remarked coyly.  "Yes, that must be it," Elijah grinned.  "Do you think the boys are okay?" Vanessa worried. "Yes, I think they are great. Now, enough worrying. This is our honeymoon, too," Elijah said as he scooped Vanessa up to carry her over the threshold of their private cottage.  "Ohhhh," Vanessa giggled in surprise. "So romantic!"  "By the way, we are doing this, every six months from now on," Elijah promised.  "How about every three?" Vanessa laughed.  "My dear, I will buy you a house here, if you like. This very hotel. Whatever you like, it will be my wedding gift for you," Elijah pledged.  "I don't need another house, just you and the boys. I mean it, Elijah, no house," Vanessa chided.  "As you wish, now no more talking," Elijah said as he kissed her with a fervor.  And she didn't. Kitchen Klaus stopped and it all rushed back. The moment he killed the siphon witch...He remembered the second he saw Marcellus on the floor of the parlor. His son.  They were at the Compound and it was 1913. It was a different world then. Everything was so different before the War, before the Spanish Flu tore through the world, before Prohibition, the radio, and women's liberation.  Klaus stepped forward, "Kol."  "Don't, Nik. I remember. It was Dominque, wasn't it?" Kol spat.  "Kol, please, let me explain," Klaus begged.  "Did you let me explain my side of it?" Kol retorted.  "Brother, I did not," Klaus admitted. He needed Elijah here.  "You never do, Nik, do you? I am always wrong in your eyes. Always and forever wrong. Actually, I am surprised you didn't just give me the dagger for that. But you saved that for later, didn't you," Kol said plainly.  "Kol, I am so sorry. That witch, she was stealing the children. She siphoned you, Marcel, Elijah, and she was going to perform the Rite of the Nine! Brother, that night, what I did I will never forgive myself," Klaus said with emotion.  Cami came in and Freya took her gently by the arm. The brothers needed to do this alone.  "That beating? Forget that, you did something worse...Ariane, she told me the secret to breaking the Gemini curse," Kol revealed.  "What? How is that possible?" Klaus wondered.  "She was a bloody Gemini, on the run. The witches from Salem spelled the curse. The secret is in their grimoires," Kol went on.  "But isn't Bonnie's family from Salem originally. Kol, Bonnie has all of her grandmother's collection of grimoires. Maybe the original spell is in those books," Klaus suggested.  "It may be. While I was...sleeping. I remembered something Mother taught me about drawing power from the elements. If the siphons can suck all the power out of the ascendents, I think they could destroy all the prison worlds at once," Kol said suddenly.  Klaus was awed, "But that amount of power would be tremendous. It would take several witches."  Kol nodded, "Kai, Dana, Rachael might be able to do it. I am not sure. They would be filled with a tremendous magic, a magic from old Salem, hundreds of years old. Plus, all the beings in those prison worlds would also fuel them. They would probably need a receptacle to store that much power."  "Either an object or....even, one of us. Only an Original vampire could house that much power. They would have to transfer it to us, maybe all of us, you, Elijah, Rebekah, and me," Klaus said.  "We need to do it soon. I remembered something else Ariane told me. The Gemini must have a leader at all times by merge or they will all start to die. It's part of the curse," Kol said looking worried.  "We need to call Rebekah and Elijah or the children could...," Klaus gasped.  "They could start to die. Starting with Rosie. Brother, this issue between me and you is not settled, but I will put it aside until the children are safe and the curse is broken. After that, I cannot say what will happen. I doubt I can remain here," Kol said honestly.  Klaus shut his eyes in pain, "Fine, Kol, a temporary truce, then. But know that I have worried about this moment for a century."  "Enough. I'll call Lucy and Bonnie. You explain to Freya and Keelin. Who knew me asking Kai to siphon me might save all of the little ones lives and Jo?" Kol mused. "Kai has been devastated. He crept down here last night with Connor to see to you. He has been distraught," Klaus confessed.  "It's not his fault. Ah, hell. I'll make it up to him," Kol said adamantly.  Klaus thought a moment, "There are also the Heretics. I know that we can't quite trust them, but there are three of them living in Damon's house. That would be six siphon vampires. Would that be enough to transfer that amount of power?"  "Aye, more than enough. We would just need to be about to hold it.  I am not sure what that would do to us or how long we could sustain it. But we need a fast solution before the kids start to die," Kol reminded his brother.  "We can't lose those kids," Klaus said firmly. New Orleans, Louisiana The Compound"Marcel, my brother called. The children are in danger from that Gemini curse. Remember that siphon witch whom Kol was running with before the Great War? Well, it all hit the fan. I need to head to Mystic Falls," Rebekah explained.  "I can't go now. What about Davina?" Marcel said.  "We might need her. I hate to pull her out of school, but we need all the power we can get. The kids' lives are in danger," Rebekah said.  "Go," Marcel said sadly, "But hurry back. I hate being in this place alone. It reminds me of...well, you know."  Rebekah winced, "We thought you were dead. I will never understand why my father kept you alive, but I am so grateful he did."  Marcel nodded and didn't say a word. He crossed the room and kissed Rebekah on the lips. "Rebekah Mikaelson, without you, everything is gray and dingy. Go, straighten out this curse and come back to me," Marcel begged.  "Don't I aways?" Rebekah laughed. Nassau, BahamaThe Ocean ClubElijah hung up the hotel phone heavily. "Don't divorce me, please," Elijah said as Vanessa came in from putting the boys to bed. "I won't, dear. What's up?" Vanessa said anxiously.  "I need to get back to Mystic Falls," Elijah explained. He told Vanessa everything Klaus had just told him.  "You guys can stay here the rest of the week. I can go back alone," Elijah offered.  "Nonsense. If you go, we go, husband. When do we leave?" Vanessa said.  "In the morning, I will arrange it now," Elijah said simply.  "Hey, we had two great days. We will come back! Please Finn is burning in the sun like a lobster. It's like the sunscreen doesn't work on him. He's starting to peel," Vanessa pointed out.  "Did I tell you that I love you today?" Elijah said kissing her tenderly.  "Yes, but not this hour," Vanessa smiled. She got into bed as Elijah arranged for the plane ride home.  Bonnie's HouseLucy poured through the grimoires. "Bonnie, I don't see it here. Are you sure Sheila didn't have any more stashed somewhere?"  Bonnie bit her lip, "You know, once when Grams was drunk, she did mention something about a secret safe she kept at her office in Whitmore college. I thought it was just drunk talk."  "Then, we need to go there and check it out. If we can't get the original spell, even those siphons must not be able to destroy the prison worlds and those kids could die," Lucy proposed.  Bonnie frowned, "Lucy, why would our Salem ancestors curse another group of witches? I mean, shouldn't witches still together?"  "They should, but just like wolves, power corrupts. Even within a coven, sometimes a greedy leader or someone with a power trip can destroy the whole thing. That's why I went on my own for so long. After what happened with your mom, the way the other witches turned their backs on her, I didn't want anything to do with a coven," Lucy said softly.  "Lucy, I don't know what happened. No one would tell me," Bonnie admitted.  "Let's just say that she did a powerful spell and it drained her of her magic. A witch cut off from nature is like... I can't explain it, but it's bad. Your mom did everything she did to protect you. We all vowed to never speak of it. Just know she loves you," Lucy said gripping Bonnie tightly.  "She's a stranger to me. I barely remember her. Grams was always there for me so I didn't miss her, but now...Never mind, you are here. Let's get to work," Bonnie said focusing on their plan to infiltrate Whitmore College.  A few hours later, they were in Shelia's old office with some tools, a few spells at their fingertips, and Jeremy as their decoy. 
  
    Chapter Text
    “Those who don’t believe in magic will never find it.”                               -Roald Dahl, “The Minpins”Mystic Falls, VirginiaMikaelson MansionMonday, January 31, 2011KitchenLate AfternoonKol still didn't feel quite like himself. No amount of blood bags seems to replace his essence.  Throughout the day, they tried to work out a plan to save the kids and break the centuries old curse at the same time.Klaus announced, "Elijah and Vanessa should be back early next morning. I guess I should just tell everyone, they finally got married."  Cami clapped, "Ah, that's wonderful. I bet that is why Vanessa was so determined to have the boys go. I'm going to go meet Penny at the bus."  Cami put her jacket on and headed out to meet the 5th grader.  Kol smiled, "The old man finally did it. Good for them." Kol then remembered he was angry at Elijah. Klaus caught his eye.  "Blame me, Brother, not Elijah. Please," Klaus said strongly.  "Nik, we tabled this remember?" Kol said softly.  "I know. I'm sorry," Klaus said rubbing his temples.  "I just can't turn my feelings on and off like that unless I flip my switch and you don't want that, eh?" Kol smiled.  "We do not. You forgave me for the daggering, though, right? This wasn't as...Sorry, you know I can't handle when one of you is angry with me," Klaus said getting up to pace.  "Nik, look, maybe I was too hard on you. Ariane was up to something devious and dark. I didn't realize that. She could have hurt Marcellus. How about I will do my best to forget about you erasing my memory if...," Kol started.  "If what? Anything, Kol," Klaus went on.  "You don't let Elijah know that I remembered so much, okay? I don't want to spoil his happiness. I can't do that to him and Vanessa," Kol said shakily.  Klaus nodded, "Kol, you have made me so proud. You have grown up so much this year that sometimes you shame me with your sentiment. What happened to my cranky, mischievous brother who once made it snow in July?"  "He met a girl, fell in love, and grew up a little. Nik, even when I am mad at you, you know I never hold a grudge against you. Now Marcel is still pissed you wouldn't let him go to that birthday party in 1825 when you caught him gambling," Kol revealed.  "Oh yeah, the coin cake and that damn pony. If only I know that I would never hear the end of it I would have sent him to that party with a sore arse. Oh, there's Penny," Klaus said going to greet his daughter.  Cami gave Klaus a look. He smiled at the dark haired, now human, child. "Sweetheart, how was school? Camille said you were fretting about going this morning," Klaus said as he helped her take off her back pack.  "Boring. But I at least I didn't fight with Finn on the bus," Penny said glumly. Cami said, "I think someone misses her cousins." Klaus nodded, "They will home a bit early. Penelope, there is some adult stuff going on. But we are hopefully going to take care of it tomorrow. Why don't you grab your snack and go find Olivia?  She is waiting for you up in your new bedroom."  "Okay, Daddy. But I don't miss Finn, just Hendrick a little. Uncle Kol, you're awake," Penny shouted. The vampire picked her up easily and spun her. "Would you like a ride to the kitchen and then to your room, m'lady?" Kol asked formally.  "Okay, if you play school with us! You have to be the bad student," Penny giggled.  "Yes, Miss. I will have no trouble in that role at all. I once put a frog in my sister's knickers every day for a solid week," Kol said as he carted the ten year old off.  "What are knickers?" Klaus and Cami heard Penny ask.  "He seems better. How are you?" Penny asked rubbing Klaus' arm.  "Good, luv. He's basically forgiven me in his own way. He doesn't want Elijah to know how much he recalled," Klaus admitted.  "Oh Klaus, now if you could only forgive yourself.  I'm going to throw in a couple of frozen pizzas for the kids. Tonight could be a mess. You better go see if Freya needs anything," Cami said.  "Will do. Rebekah should be arriving tonight. I didn't even mention that to Kol. I'm not sure if she is bringing Davina," Klaus said regretfully.  "Hey, you can't remember everything. Do you think the kids would eat a salad?" Cami asked suddenly.  "The girls will, I think," Klaus smiled as he kissed her softly. "Then, you need to sit down, okay?"  "Yes, if you are going to twist my arm, I will," Cami agreed.  Older Boys' BedroomKol had played school for 45 minutes before he could extricate himself from the principal's office. The girls, Lukas, and Joey kept making him the culprit in various pranks and misdeeds around the "school." The only way he could leave is to pretend like he had to go to the nurse's office due to a high fever.  Kol found Kai watching the guys watching one of their games upstairs. Matt was at tutoring. Erik was in the garage painting some model for a class, but Jeremy, Tyler, Kai, and Connor were spread out around the couch area. "Hey," Kol said softly.  "Hey, Uncle Kol, you woke up," Connor said happily.  Tyler clapped him on the back, "You up for hunting tonight?"  "Lads, a lot is going on. We might have a break through with the Gemini curse. Kai, can I talk to you?"  "Yeah, of course. It's good to see you up," Kai said lightly.  "It's good to be up," Kol said. He led Kai across the hall to his own bedroom. He indicated the couch area there. "Want a blood bag, mate?""Yeah, I'll take one. Thanks," Kai said gratefully.  "I just wanted to say I'm sorry about what you went through. You know that wasn't your fault," Kol said intently.  Kai sipped on the blood and said, "Yeah, man, I know. I was just, you know, real worried."  "Actually, when I was out, I remembered some stuff that might help break this curse. But it also made me realize that the non-vamp kids are in danger. So we're looking for some old grimoires from Salem that contain the original spell. Once we get that, there might be a way you and your sisters can siphon out all the power of the ascendents. If needed, we can ask the Heretics," Kol shared.  "But that's too much power. I don't think we can hold that much," Kai stated.  "I know. You are going to have to transfer it to us. I mean to me and my siblings and we can diffuse it," Kol said.  "But that could be dangerous. That amount of power is like electricity. You will all be wired. Why the rush? Is there more I don't know?" Kai asked.  "Kai, the curse states that if the merge doesn't get completed than the coven will start dying off. it could happen any minute," Kol revealed.  "But the kids!" Kai said in alarm.  "Freya and Keelin fed them vampire blood. In case they die, they will turn. But remember, Penny's blood is the cure so once we figure this out, we could turn them back," Kol added.  "Okay, I mean, it's not idea, but better than nothing. What can I do?" Kai added.  "Just keep yourself well-rested. Freya is going to talk to the girls, but no school today. This can't wait," Kol said.  Kai nodded, "Thanks for being honest, Uncle Kol."  Kol smiled, "I know that wasn't easy to hear, but I figured you guys deserve the truth. You sure that you are okay?"  Kai winced, "Truth then? No, siphoning you and everything really brought back why my parents locked me away. Even before, I wasn't allowed to touch anyone. Hard to play as a kid when you can't go near anyone. It just brought it all back..."  Kol could do nothing except go to Kai and hug him tightly. Kai found himself crying on Kol's chest.  "It's okay, lad. Let it out," Kol said softly. Kai finally broke away and wiped his eyes.  "I didn't mean to do that," Kai said sheepishly.  "What? Feel something. I found that if you don't let it out, you end up lashing out. This is much healthier. Now, go rest up, we are going to need your strength tomorrow. I love you, mate," Kol said as he pulled Kai to him and kissed him on the head.  "Love you, too. Uncle Kol. Do you really think we can break the curse?" Kai asked.  "We have to and we will," Kol said with a confidence he did not yet feel.EveningJeremy had said he was going over to Bonnie's. He hadn't shared that they were planning to break into Grams' old office at Whitmore College.  Lucy drove and Bonnie and Jeremy sat in the back of the car laughing.  "So you want me to just distract the night custodian? You bust in, get in the safe, get out the grimoires and voila, that's it?" Jeremy asked skeptically.  "Yep, that's it. The building might actually be empty so you might be totally useless here," Bonnie laughed.  Lucy asked, "Bonnie, is this the building? Where should I park?"  "Up front. We'll act like we are supposed to be here. I used to come in at night with Grams' when she had to grab research papers and stuff like that. Follow my lead, guys," Bonnie ordered.  The double doors to the old brick building were unlocked. Bonnie gestured for Jeremy and Lucy to follow her. They walked down the dim corridor to find Grams' old office unlocked and empty. "This is weird, but maybe it is our lucky night?" Bonnie laughed. The three stepped in the darkened office.  "Where is this mysterious safe, Bonnie? I'm getting the creeps," Jeremy said looking around. "Everything is different. Let me see, it should be under this rug," Bonnie said shifting a throw rug to reveal a floor safe.  Lucy gulped, "Bonnie, is this sealed with magic or do you know the combo?"  "Both. I know both," Bonnie said as she spun in the combination and said the spell. The safe popped open.  "This is it! The Salem grimoire. I'm going to send Freya a pic real fast on my cell," Bonnie said as she flipped to the relevant page.  "Bonnie, let's just grab it and go," Jeremy begged.  "Sent. I think that is it. It's kind of hard to read, but that should do," Bonnie said getting up. Jeremy went to lift the heavy book and suddenly the lights flashed on.  "And what in the hell do you kids think you are doing?" A middle aged African American man dressed in a suit asked sternly.  He peered down on the teens over his glasses. "Ah, this was my grandmother's," Bonnie blurted out lamely.  "And this is my office, young lady," the man snapped.  "What are you?" Lucy asked looking up.  "Dr. Jonas Martin. And I am about to call campus police! I just got this job and here a few days later, my office gets broken into," Jonas said.  "No, Dr. Martin, please don't. We can explain," Jeremy began.  Ten minutes later, Dr. Martin had heard the whole story. "I can going to call your father to confirm this, ah, Jeremy. You kids had no business breaking in here. Miss, Lucy, it is? You said you are looking after your cousin. You aren't much older than she is. If my son Luka or my daughter Greta did something foolish like this, they would be in a lot of damn trouble," Dr. Martin fumed.  "Well, my dad is real strict and he doesn't exactly know I am here," Jeremy said nervously.  Dr. Martin handed Jeremy his office phone, "Well, give him a call and let him know he needs to come pick you up."  An hour later, Klaus and Jeremy were headed back to the mansion. They had possession of the Salem grimoire to give to Freya to examine.  Jeremy was tapping his foot nervously, his dad had barely spoken.  "Dad, I'm sorry. I didn't know we were breaking into Whitmore college. Honest," Jeremy said.  "Jeremy, I'm tired. Really, it's been a long day and tomorrow we really need to pull together to try to break this curse. I'm going to spare you a long lecture, but you are grounded until further notice. I can't trust you right now," Klaus informed him.  "I know, Dad," Jeremy said guiltily. He realized this was not the time to point out that Klaus had told them before that they wouldn't be grounded for more than a day. Nope, he would just keep quiet on that, he knew the alternative.  "When we get home, right to bed. No games, no music, no phone," Klaus went on.  "Dad, are you taking my phone, too?" Jeremy asked.  "No, Son. But I want you to get some sleep, okay? I just really don't like not knowing where my kids are," Klaus said in a softer tone. "We will talk about this tomorrow or when things settle down."  "I'll go right to sleep," Jeremy assured him. "Dr. Martin seemed to think that our plan to break the curse may work. It is a nice turn of events that he himself is a powerful witch, or warlock, as he calls himself. He may even bring his son Luka over tomorrow to help," Klaus added.  "Oh, that's good, Dad," Jeremy said. Tuesday, February  1, 2011KitchenMorning, 5:14amElijah looked around the kitchen with new eyes.  "It is good to be home, isn't it, boys?" Elijah said as he got everyone through the door.  "Where's Sadie?" Finn bellowed.  "Boys, it's still early. So try to keep down the noise," Vanessa said.  "I want to see Sadie!" Henrik yelled.  "Shhh, Mom just said to keep it down. She's probably sleeping. Why don't you guys go watch tv or play in the Great Room? I'm going to get this laundry started," Elijah said.  "Sounds good," Vanessa said as grabbed a blood bag for herself. They had all slept on the plane coming back.  Rebekah and Davina came in a few minutes later.  "Congrats! I am so happy for you. I can't believe that I'm the last one to be married practically," Rebekah laughed as she hugged Vanessa.  "Thank you, thank you. We had been talking about it, then, it just seemed like the right thing to do," Vanessa said. "I just wish we were here under better circumstances," Rebekah said. "Hi Davina, how's school?" Vanessa asked lightly.  "Well, I am switching to a public school where my friends go. So I'm excited for that," Davina answered.  "Nice. The girls are probably still sleeping, but you can go up. Put your stuff away, up to you, dear," Vanessa said. Davina took her suitcase and decided to go rest for a while until everyone got up.  Rebekah chewed her lip, "She got expelled from school." Vanessa's eyes bugged out, "Oh no, what happened?" "She was standing up to a bully, he happened to be the headmaster's son. It got ugly. She is bound and determined to go to the big public school but we worried. She has a tendency to use her witchcraft way too much. Vanessa, I just don't know if she can get along there," Rebekah worried.  "To have that much power and not use it, that would be difficult. You have to see the new additions to the house, though. The new play spaces are adorable. And wait until you meet the kids, they are darlings.  Rebekah, I can tell you are worried, but Davina will be okay. And if worse comes to worse, send her back to Mystic Falls High, we can look after her," Vanessa offered.  "Of Vanessa, she's like five teenagers in one. I truly met my match. Marcel is so bogged down in city business that he can't even fly up for the weekend. But yes, if this school doesn't work out, we'll have to more back earlier. That is a plan," Rebekah agreed.  Elijah came in, "What's a plan?" He hugged Rebekah. She congratulated him. He told her about the spell and the dangers of destroying the prison worlds.  Freya and Keelin's RoomNeither woman had slept well since they heard about the dangers the kids were in. Keelin had already taken the week off. That was lucky because she could not concentrate or focus. Joey and Lucas were still sleeping in the center of the bed. Rosie had woken up crying last night, but Keelin got her back in her bed.  "Julian said he would stop by today," Freya said softly.  "Did he talk to the other siphons?" Keelin wondered.  "Yes, they are in if we need them," Freya said stroking the hair of both boys.  "Your brother, Klaus, came in last night while you were sleeping. He got the grimoire and a warlock who might be able to help. It's gonna be today," Keelin said.  "It will be. I'm getting up. I'm too anxious to stay in bed. I'm going to let the kids sleep in," Freya said. They had agreed that the four oldest "Parker" kids would stay home from school to help with the spell.  "They will need all their strength," Keelin said heavily.  "As will we all," Freya answered.  Mystic Falls High SchoolBonnie flagged down Jeremy in the hallway. Bonnie was standing next to a light skinned teen with short hair and friendly eyes."Jer, this is Luka. Remember, we met his dad, Dr. Martin, last night?" Bonnie said pointedly. "Hey man," Jeremy said causally. "Your dad is a cool guy. For a sec, we thought he was going to have us arrested."  "You're lucky he didn't. My dad is pretty tough, but I guess he has a soft spot for other witches. Are you a witch, Jeremy?" Luka asked.  Bonnie laughed, "No, Jeremy is more of a hunter. He leaves the witchcraft to me. So are you grounded? Your dad looked pissed last night."  "Yep, until further notice. He said he can't trust me lately. I didn't even argue. I figured if I pushed it, he'd send me away to military school or back to live with Ric and Jenna! Well, I better get to class. Nice to meet you, Luka. Bonnie, talk later?" Jeremy said  "Yeah, I'm coming over right after school," Bonnie reminded him.Mikaelson MansionJulian came as promised to visit the children.  "Ah, my sweet little one, Rosie," Julian exclaimed as the three year old red head ran to him. "Where is Jill?" Rosie asked Julian. He looked helplessly at Freya. She shook her head.  "Oh, my sweet one, she is at peace. You have new mothers now. Tell me, have you been a good girl?" Julian asked holding her on his lap.  "The doggie likes me. She is a girl dog. Joey said that it's his dog, but he is lying," Rosie babbled happily.  "Where is Joseph? And the others" Julian prodded.  "Keelin went to get them. Did you say that the other siphons will join us tonight?" Freya pressed.  "To protect these children. Absolutely, they will be here," Julian said firmly.  "Uncle Julian!" Liv yelled as she ran over to him.  "Come, Lucas. Say hello. Joseph, it's me," Julian said cheerfully. The boys also ran over.  "How come you look different?" Joey asked.  "I have a better diet here. And better clothes. Do you like your new house? Are you all getting along?" Julian asked.  As the children all talked to Julian at one time, Freya pulled Keelin aside.  "I'm going to get Jo to prepare the circle for tonight. I know it's going to be cold, but we have to do the spell outside. I was thinking we could have a bonfire. It will let us draw power from it, but also provide some heat," Freya explained.  "That's a good idea. I'll stay here. They seem happy to see him," Keelin said watching.  Freya added, "They do. I hate that they are in so much danger still."  "One more night," Keelin said. "Then, they will be safe." Late AfternoonEveryone started arriving for the spell around dinner time. Elijah made a buffet spread of cold cuts and things that people could make sandwiches out of with a variety of sides.  Tyler went to Caroline's, but everyone else stayed close to home. Jeremy couldn't help but notice that Luka and Bonnie were hitting it off. Kol and Davina were trying to act normal. She told him about her new school, but not about Kaleb. He told her about his fit and the siphon witch from the 1910s.  "How would she know about the Rite of the Nine? I never actually knew it was real. We used to get threatened with it when we were kids, like 'Better be good or they will sacrifice you at the Rite of the Nine," Davina shared.  "Oh, that's awful. They actually said that to children. Dreadful!" Kol laughed.  "Growing up French Quarter witch was no picnic. If I only knew they would really try to sacrifice me!" Davina continued.  "You showed them, luv," Kol said smiling. They both paused and stared at each other.  "Um, I'm going to go help Aunt Freya," Davina said excusing herself.  "Aye, I should get that bonfire together. If this spell works, we can burn our wishes tonight," Kol suggested.  "That would be nice," Davina said.  Cami and Vanessa were planning to keep the younger kids upstairs throughout the spell. The older boys except Kai were hanging around in the game room.  Nora, Mary-Louise, and Valerie were ready to help, if needed. Jo was speaking to them. Dana and Rachael were arguing with each other. Kai was sitting by himself. Dr. Martin was talking to Klaus and Elijah. Freya clapped at dusk, "Thank you everyone for coming. I think it is time."  Everyone trudged out to the field.  Elijah apologized for the grounds, "Excuse the construction. This is our future pool house, pool, and outdoor sport court. It looks a mess now, but we are hoping everything will be completed soon." Greta, Bonnie, and Luka walked together. Luka was carrying the Salem grimoire.   Rebekah and Davina walked together. Rebekah had her arm around Davina Freya asked Kol to lit the bonfire.  "We are first going to try to break the original spell that cursed the Gemini. Jo has a vial containing a small portion of blood from all of the remaining human coven which is Jo, Lucas, Liv, Joey, and Rosie.  Once that portion is untangled, then our siphons will pull all of the power out of the remaining prison worlds.  As they 'fill' up with power, they will then transfer that power into receptacle, then into the Originals here. Kol has volunteered to be first," Freya announced.  Keelin mouthed a thank you at Kol from across the circle. He smiled back and nodded.  Freya started the spell, "Sei pour sae kie sei mare noock virgam. Sei pour sae kie sei mare noock virgam."She had set up a circle of five tall white candles and five short black candles. Each candle was connected by a line of salt. Herbs were sprinkled over the salt.  The ascendant from the prison world that the kids were in was in front of Freya. She had Jo come forward. Jo sliced open her palm and made a circle of blood around the ascendant.  "This will link all of the ascendants magically, as it was done in the beginning," Jo said somberly. All the witches stepped forward to say the second incantation, "Nemo unus animabus carnem et sanguinem de ista duo. Sanquinatum venetus barkael meh." The blood began to glow.  Jo and her siblings did the third incantation, "Nemo unus animabus carnem." "Now we shall draw out the sacred magic from our sisters and brethen in Salem, represented by Bonnie and Lucy," Jo called out. Bonnie and Lucy linked hands with Jo. Then, Dana, Rachael, Kai, Valerie, Nora, and Mary-Louise joined hands.  "We now siphon the power from the ascendents that they shall be now more, hold no sway. With the prison covenant broken, so shall the Gemini curse be. No more twins shall merge, not siphons blood be shed for power. The coven is nullified and struck from the book of time," Jo thundered.  The former Parkers would have to join another coven because the only way to be sure that the curse was gone was to dissolve the entire coven. Freya had hoped they would join the Bennett coven like she and Davina did.  Soon the siphons' hands began to glow. The ascendant itself glowed and then withered into a blob of liquid metal. After several moments of this, Freya had her siblings steps forward. Kol was first. Kai turned and gently took Kol's hands. He transferred the energy sucked out into the Original. In turn, Dana did the same with Rebekah, Rachael turned to Klaus, and Nora turned to Elijah. Mary Louise and Valerie transferred some energy to a receptacle Freya had and more to the ground underneath the circle, then Valerie touched Kol and Mary Louise reached out for Klaus.  Freya stepped forward, with a ritual knife, she used it to break the blood circle. "So mote it be," Freya said as she got up from knelling.  The Originals were filled with energy. Elijah went to see to the refreshments. Klaus, Kol, and Rebekah vamped to the edge of the property to hunt a bit. Kai, Dana, and Rachael decided to tag along. They hadn't had very many chances to hunt and their senses were even more heightened from the spell.  "Thank you everyone. This means the world to us. Keelin and I are going to go double check on the little ones, but there is a cake, of course and drinks which will be served in the Great Room in five," Freya said gratefully.  Keelin caught up with her, "Did it work?"  "Yes, but let's keep up the vampire blood for the foreseeable future, just in case," Freya said.  "Sure, why not?" Keelin agreed. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "This is one time where television really fails to capture the true excitement of a large squirrel predicting the weather."                                         - Phil Connors from Groundhog Day (1993)Mystic Falls, VirginiaMikaelson MansionTuesday, February  1, 20119:46 pmKitchen/Dining RoomFreya and Keelin went up to check on the kids and tell everyone to come down for cake. Elijah puttered around and put out more food and drinks. He felt an intense energy that was hard to tamp down. It was like he was tired, but he would forever be too wired to sleep.  The kids streamed down.  Keelin was holding Rosie and Elijah was delighted to see the beautiful little red hair dressed in her zip up pajamas. He held her on his hip as he poured champagne into glasses.  Finn and Henrik wanted to help, but then ran outside to see what Sadie was. Vanessa yelled at them to come back in as it was cold. Finally, the dog and boys came trotting back into the house. Kol came in from the back, the others were still hunting.  "Kol! There you are, feeling better? I heard you had quite a spell," Elijah said putting Rosie down to pet the dog.  "Indeed, I did. Allow me to congratulate you two," Kol said kissing Vanessa and shaking Elijah's hand. Elijah knew something was off.  "Thank you, Brother. But is something wrong? You don't seem quite yourself," Elijah pressed as he took another try of food out of the refrigerator.  "What would be wrong? All's well that end's well, right?" Kol said as he popped an olive into his mouth.  Soon the kids called Kol into the great room and Elijah thought no more of it.  The party lasted until about 11pm. The adults crowded around the kitchen island talking and drinking. The younger kids were allowed to stay up late with the older kids."So Rebekah, how long can you and Davina stay?" Klaus asked.  "Another day or so. Freya, I feel fine, just jumpy, but it would be nice if we could siphon off some of this energy," Rebekah shared.  Dr. Martin had been talking to Lucy and Bonnie. He came in. "Have you considered creating a mora miserium?" Dr. Martin asked simply.  "I'm not familiar with it," Freya admitted.  "It's a tool used by, let us say, certain sects of witches to withhold the ill effects of dark magic. Another name for it is a sandclock," Dr. Martin shared.  "So the excess energy could be put into this device? That would alleviate a lot of stress. Could you show me how to make one?" Freya inquired.  "Well, actually, I wouldn't mind showing all the young witches here, too. It would be good practice for them. Is there some place we could work?" Dr. Martin said.  Luka interrupted, "But Dad, it's getting late, we have school tomorrow."  "You're right, Son. How about you take Bonnie home? I'll show Ms. Mikaelson here and she can show the kids another time. Does that plan work for you? I'm a bit of a night owl myself," Dr. Martin revealed.  "That would be perfect," Freya chimed in.  Dr. Martin gave Luka the keys. Lucy said she would catch Bonnie at home later. She wanted to stay and see this.  Bonnie did not see Jeremy's jealous glare as Luka helped Bonnie into her coat and tied her scarf around her neck. There was something shady about the guy. Jeremy didn't trust him at all. Mary Louise said, "We need to be off, too. Mother does not like us to keep late hours. But thank you for the cake, it was lovely."  "It was our pleasure. We could not have done this without your help," Elijah stepped in to shake her hand.  Nora looked around, "This really is a fabulous house. The Salvatore brothers could learn a bit about style from you."  Klaus laughed, "Do tell that to Damon. Ladies, you must come again. Thank you all."  Valerie said goodbye and they took their leave hastily.  Klaus looked at the clock, "Kids, it's after 11. Why don't you head up now?"  Penny shouted, "Henrik and Finn already fell asleep! On the couch."  Vanessa and Elijah went to bed them in their beds. Freya and Keelin had already taken up Rosie and Joey. "I want to stay up!" Lucas groaned,  "Next time, buddy," Keelin promised. "Remember, tonight you are sleeping in your big boy bed."  "I don't want to," Lucas argued.  Liv and Penny giggled and were whispering to each other.  "They are making fun of me!" Lucas shouted.  Klaus looked at the older girls, "Could you girls take Lucas? I'll take Penny and Liv up."  Davina nodded and tried to steer Lucas toward the stairs. Dana and Rachael followed. Jo had already gone to bed, exhausted from her part in the spell.  Cami yawned, "I'm going to head up myself. Good night all."  Klaus took each girl by the hand, "Come now, it's rather late. Tomorrow is going to be an ugly morning."  The girls dissolved into more hysterical laughter.  After a few moments, the downstairs was empty. Kol went out to the garage. He had stashed a suitcase in his car. He stared at the Porsche that Elijah had given him and then turned around and walked back into the kitchen. He would wait until this sandclock thing drained some of this excess energy out of him. After that, he was gone. He wasn't even sure if any of them would notice.  Wednesday, February  2, 2011Older Boys' RoomJeremy dreamt over and over again of a day when he had seen Bonnie in her red checked bikini. Matt and Bonnie had been lifeguards at the community pool. Elena had dragged Jeremy there with her when she forgot her sunglasses. At that time, Bonnie was just Bonnie, Elena's best friend. But Jeremy had noticed the bikini. While Matt and Elena giggled and flirted like the couple they were, Bonnie and Jeremy stood there trying to act normal. Jeremy later thought about that red bikini a lot. "Dude, what the fuck?" Matt laughed. Jeremy had been moaning softly in his sleep.  "Shit! I was dreaming of Bonnie. Remember when you and her were lifeguards at the pool? She had that um, red bikini?" Jeremy said in a voice hoarse with sleep.  "Not really. At that time, I guess I only had eyes for your sister. Ah, Jer, I think you better take a cold shower before school. Are you and Bonnie even together?" Matt asked.  Tyler got up and took off his shirt, "When I got home last night, that witch dude was all over her. Bro, he is moving in on Bon."  Jeremy cleared his throat, "I better take that shower."  Connor yelled, "Don't be in there all morning!"  Matt snickered, "I think he had a wet dream or something. 'Oh Bonnie, Bonnie, my Bonnie.'" Cami yelled from the doorway, "Boys, your dad asked me to make sure you were up!"  Matt's face colored, "Um, yeah, we're getting there. I'll wake up Erik."  Tyler sat down and laughed softly and mouthed, "She totally heard you!"  "Erik, man, wake up," Matt said roughly.  "Your uncle has breakfast ready," Cami said heading now to wake up the girls.  "Okay, we'll be down. Thanks," Connor said politely.  Matt hissed, "You could have warned me!"  Connor agreed, "Yeah, we could have. But it's more fun to see you stick your foot in your mouth."  Matt growled, "Paybacks are a bitch, you know?"  Jeremy struggled to get showered and get downstairs quickly. He was caught between his dream of Bonnie and seeing her last night with Luka. It was clear the two witches had hit it off.  Klaus was downstairs in the kitchen when Jeremy got there. "Morning, Son. Everything okay?" Klaus said seeing Jeremy's troubled expression. "Um, Dad," Jeremy started, then he noticed all the other people everywhere around the kitchen. "Nothing. it's fine."  "Well, then. Remember, you and I are due a chat when you get home from school," Klaus said looking Jeremy right in the eyes.  "But Dad, I was going to see if Bonnie wanted to go to the Grill!" Jeremy whined.  "Aren't you still being punished for breaking into Dr. Martin's office, young man?" Klaus said with a hint of a smile.  "Yes, but I'm afraid that Luka is like...seducing her. If I'm not around, I'm going to lose her. Can't you just like punish me right now?" Jeremy said glancing at the drawer where the paddle was kept. It wouldn't have surprised him if he got a swat or two tonight anyway.  "The last time you got spanked before school, you threw a tantrum and got suspended for three days. But if you are sure, grab the paddleball paddle and meet me in Freya's old room," Klaus said lightly.  "Really?" Jeremy said in surprise.  "Sure. Better hurry up, though," Klaus said. He thought if he agreed to this, he would be calling Jeremy's bluff. Outsmarting teenagers was proving to be a full-time job.  Freya had used the mora miserium on Rebekah, Elijah, and Klaus last night. Kol had gone to bed and Freya said she would grab him today to try to drain some of the excess magic out of him.  Jeremy glanced around, no one seemed to be paying any attention to him or Klaus. Jeremy casually went to the drawer, slipped out the round wooden paddle and made his way to the bedroom. His heart was beating fast with his attempt to hide what he was doing and slip into the room unnoticed. It was bad enough to have to get it before school, he didn't want his brothers and even the girls to be mocking him on the ride to school. Klaus followed him in a second later and shut the door. Jeremy felt his hands sweating and tried to breath normally."Dad, you were gonna spank me tonight anyway, right?" Jeremy asked nervously.  "No, Jeremy. I told you that I wanted to have a serious talk. Your punishment is being grounded until I can trust you. But I did have an idea. What if I compelled you to tell me before you did something dangerous to yourself or others? Would you be interested in that so you could be free? Think about it? You have done several very dangerous stunts lately. I am worried about you," Klaus said seriously.  Jeremy looked at his watch, "Dad, I'm going to be late. But yeah, I'm fine with that. I have made some bad decisions lately. It's hard being 'only' human, you know?" Jeremy said glumly.  "Son, I'll drive you to school. No, I don't know, I've never really been human. I was born a witch and a wolf and then you know the rest.  But is this why you did the whole cave thing? To prove something? And to whom? You don't have to prove anything to your family, Jeremy," Klaus said sitting next to him on the bed.  "To Bonnie, Dad! She's like a powerful witch and this Luka guy waltzes in and it's like I'm just Elena's dopey little brother again. There is a Valentine's Day dance coming up. I wanted to ask her, but I'm afraid that she will want to go with this Luka guy," Jeremy cried.  "I see. Well, I really cannot see letting your lying and deceit go unpunished from the college. If you would have just told one of us, we could have come with you. I warned you what would happen every time you did that, didn't I?" Klaus said gently.  "Yes, Dad. I figured you wouldn't find out. So if you compel me, would I not be able to do stupid things?" Jeremy asked.  "It depends on what I say. I could say 'Every time you think of doing something that is dangerous and could get you killed, you will tell me or one of the adults,'" Klaus proposed.  "Will I get in trouble then?" Jeremy asked anxiously looking at the paddle he was still clutching.  "No, because you would not do the dangerous thing, right?" Klaus said brightly. "How about we talk about that some more? I am not even sure I am comfortable compelling you as I vowed to never do it. Would you promise me again to not put yourself in danger for any reason?"  Jeremy bit his lip, "Yes, I would. Now, can we get this over with? Please!"  "Okay, then you are free to be ungrounded again. I really don't like paddling you before school," Klaus admitted picking up the wooden instrument.  "You have no problem doing it after school," Jeremy quipped.  "I do have a problem doing it. But I will do anything to keep you safe, young man. Even if it means swatting your stubborn butt when you refuse to listen to common sense," Klaus said putting his finger under Jeremy's chin.  "I know," Jeremy said. "Where do you want me?" Jeremy stood up nervously and wiped his hands on his jeans to dry them. Klaus put down the paddle and pulled Jeremy in front of him. He unbuttoned his jeans and pulled them down to just below his backside. He carefully guided Jeremy over his left thigh.  "This is going to be hard and fast. I hope it is worth it," Klaus said,  "Me, too!" Jeremy squealed as he felt the first hearty whack over his white briefs. Thwap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! "Ouch!" Jeremy exclaimed as he caught his breath and yelled. Jeremy was held fast by Klaus but wiggled and jerked with each firm whack. Each swat sting more and more until he couldn't stand it. Klaus cracked the paddle down hard and then gathered up the material of Jeremy's underpants for two more on his bare skin. Crack! Crack! "Did you just give me a... freaking  wedgie?" Jeremy gasped. "Owwwww."  Klaus couldn't help but laugh, "I don't believe so, but I don't know what that is."  Klaus let the material go and swatted his son one last time for good measure over his briefs again.  "All done. Now behave yourself today. Go get something to eat for the car. Text me if you are doing something after school," Klaus said replacing Jeremy's pants.  Jeremy winced and rubbed the seat of his pants quickly. His backside was burning, but he knew that he would be fine by the time he got to school. "I will. Um, thanks, Dad," Jeremy said as he rubbed his red eyes.  "For the paddling? You are welcome," Klaus laughed as he hugged him.  "No, for listening," Jeremy muttered.  "Jeremy, if she goes for the other fellow, then it is her loss. Got it, mate?" Klaus said as he took the paddle and followed Jeremy out of the room. "I love you, Son. You know that, right?" Jeremy nodded, "Love you, too."  Tyler was just grabbing his backpack, "Dude, hurry up. What the heck were you doing?"  "I'm coming. Hang on," Elijah handed Jeremy his backpack and a granola bar and drink.  "For the car. Have a good day!" Elijah said as Jeremy thanked him and rushed out.  Elijah watched Klaus put the paddle back in the drawer. "You might want to leave that paddle out for Miss Penelope. I heard her tell Camille that she wasn't going to school and no one was going to make her. Apparently, she is staying to play with Olivia all day."  "Oh bloody hell," Klaus said as he picked the paddle up and went up the stairs to the second floor.  Cami was leaning down, "Honey, if you don't go to the school you will miss the play. Remember that it is Ground Hog Day. You were looking forward to that."  Penny frowned, "Oh, I forgot about that. Okay, well, I'll go today but tomorrow I'm staying home."  Cami didn't reply and began to walk downstairs with Penny. Klaus hid the paddle behind his back. "Hi there, I thought you were talking to Jeremy," Cami said pleasantly.  "I did. He's left for school. Penny, you weren't giving your mother a hard time were you?" Klaus asked looking down at his daughter.  "I-I just don't want to leave Liv here alone. She's gonna be real bored with just boys around," Penny determined with confidence. She looked towards the bedroom where she had left Liv sleeping. "Sweetheart, she has little Rosie and your aunts. Plus, they are going to try to get her in your school today. Wouldn't that be lovely?" Klaus suggested.  "Yes, can Liv be in my class?" Penny asked as they descended the stairs.  "Let's let them get in the school first. Cereal or oatmeal today?" Cami asked.  "Pancakes!" Penny yelled as she ran ahead to the kitchen.  "What's with the paddle?" Cami asked pointedly.  "I guess I didn't do a great job hiding it. If she was giving you a hard time I was going to give her a hard smack," Klaus smiled.  "Hmm, I doubt that. You barely give that girl a sharp word. But Klaus, let's not make school a power struggle everyday. I think she was a little anxious going to school without Finn and Henrik and then with leaving Liv here. A spanking isn't going to help with that," Cami stated.  "No, but the threat of a spanking might?" Klaus suggested. "It's funny that she was nervous going to school without Finn, when all they were doing is fighting on the bus. Does that make sense?" "To us, maybe not. But to her, it's familiar and her routine.  Thank you for the support, though. I know you are trying to help, but I would like to try to get her to work through some of these fears," Cami said taking the paddle from him.  Cami tucked it in her robe.  "I just do not like to see her get defiant and disrespectful with you, Camille. You are her mother now. You have given up so much for us," Klaus said kissing her on the lips.  "Klaus, it's gonna take some time. Remember, I don't take her talking back as a personal insult. She's learning how to communicate through seeing us modeling it and us helping her work through her feelings. You've been very patient with her, it's helped a lot," Cami said with a smile.  "Fine. I was just going to threaten to spank her. I don't spank before school. Except Jeremy, but he asked for it," Klaus confessed.  "Asked for it?  Please tell me you are not serious," Cami groaned as they walked back into the kitchen arm in arm. Klaus tried to fill her in on Jeremy getting out of his grounding because of Bonnie.  They found Elijah making pancakes and Henrik feeding Sadie bacon under the table.  "Hey," growled Klaus in a mock angry voice, "That's my bacon!" He tickled Henrik and kissed Finn on the head.  "Uncle Klaus, your shoe is untied!" Finn quipped. Klaus looked down to see his slippers.  Even Elijah laughed, "Did my brother fall for that, too? Oh Finn, you are getting everyone today."  Henrik tried to one up his brother by shouting, "It's Ground Hog Day!"  "Yes, it is. I can see how excited you all are," Klaus said.  Elijah quoted, "If Candlemas is fair and clear, There'll be twa winters in the year." The children giggled, Penny said, "What?"  "It used to be a German Catholic festival to predict the weather a long time ago. Funny, but the settlers brought it with them and we still have it today," Elijah mused.  Vanessa came in, "What's all this laughing about? I thought you would all be tired after the late night." Elijah kissed her, "Hello, my lovely wife. I think these kids will crash later. They will have to take it easy after school today."  "Mom, did you know it's Ground Hog Day?" Henrik asked as the same time Finn asked her if she knew her shoe was untied.  Penny flung a pancake at Finn, but Sadie gulped it down quickly.
  
    Chapter Text
    Mystic Falls, VirginiaWednesday, February  2, 2011Before SchoolSince the 2010 Chevrolet Suburban the kids drove to school could seat nine, everyone was already in the car when Jeremy finally got in. Matt was at the wheel ready to honk. Jo wasn't enrolled yet, but the car would be full when she joined the daily carpool. Matt muttered, "About fuckin' time."  Tyler smirked, "Dad had a little talk with you, didn't he?"  Jeremy glanced two seats back at Dana and Rachael and whispered, "Shut up."  Both girls had ear buds in and were not paying attention to the boys' conversation.  Erik punched Jeremy on the arm lightly and said, "I thought you were just grounded, man."  "I asked if I could change it, so um, I could ask Bonnie out. Look, guys, if I don't move quickly, Luka is gonna ask her to the dance. That smooth fucker," Jeremy asserted hotly. "Smooth fucker? Damn, bro, that guy got to you," Tyler laughed.  "Nah, dreams of Bonnie in a bikini got to you," Matt corrected loudly.  Tyler smirked, "Hey, we've all gotten a sore ass over less."  Jeremy flushed, "Look, it was worth it, if I even have a chance." Jeremy shifted a little in his seat and winced.  "Probably hurt more after the morning you had, I remember when Uncle Elijah busted my ass after I got caught with my cell phone that time in the bathroom,-" Matt started rambling. Tyler snickered loudly and said, "No, dude, don't go there."  Kai hissed, "Shut the hell up! My sisters...!"  Kai glanced back at the twins in the back seat sharply. Dana yanked out an earbud and grinned, "We don't give a shit to what pervy things you are talking about!"  Rachael ripped out her headphone and smirked, "Or maybe we do, you idiots will never know. Guys are just...gross. Also, wear more deodorant, less Axe, that spray smells like ass." After a moment of silence, the girls went back to their music. Jeremy groaned and slumped down in his seat and then shifted. His ass did sting more than he thought it would, but what really hurt was seeing how happy Bonnie had been to leave with Luka. She should have just stabbed him in the heart.  "You know, I might just be human, but there is something off about that Luka and his freaking dad.  Call it a hunter vibe. They aren't who they say they are," Jeremy announced.  "Who is in this town?" Connor replied.  "I thought he was nice," Erik said honestly.  "Thanks," Jeremy muttered.  "What? Do you want me to lie? Didn't that already get your butt beat? How bad you'd get it anyway?" Erik wondered.  "Like ten, just over my underwear," Jeremy whispered as Erik was in the middle seat.  "That ain't bad," Erik said softly.  They had all had worse. "With the paddle, though," Jeremy added, hoping for some sympathy.  Erik grimaced, "There's worse things, believe me. You want some blood?"  "Nah, thanks. I think I'll be fine. I wish you could compel a witch and send that prick back to where he came," Jeremy spat.  "Where is that?" Connor said over from the other side of Erik.  "They said Texas, but they are from all over. Honestly, we gotta look into them more," Jeremy demanded.  Erik nodded, "Ask Uncle Ric. He always says he has sources. Maybe he'll know something."  "Yeah, thanks, bro," Jeremy said.  Freya and Keelin's Room "First night with only one kid," Keelin said as she took Rosie to the bathroom. They had equipped the bathroom with a potty seat, step stool, kids' toothpaste, water cups, and a little robe that had a duck head hood for when Rosie got out of the bath.  "Wonder how Lucas and Joey did? I only checked on them twice," Freya said with guilt.  "Oh, you're a bad mom. I checked on them three times. They were sound asleep, but I do think I woke up Finn once," Keelin admitted.  "Are we getting everyone in high school, elementary, and preschool today? It seems like a lot," Freya asserted.  Keelin called from the bathroom, "Well, we could keep this little darling home another year."  Freya held out her arms as Rosie bounced back out of the bathroom, "Can Mommy hold you?" Rosie went to Freya and let her snuggle with her in the bed. "Do you want to go to school?" Rosie said very clearly, "Yesh, I want go to school and have a backpack."  Keelin laughed, "There you go, the lady wants a backpack." Then, Rosie asked for chocolate milk, which she had had for the first time yesterday."I guess we have to do what is best for them. Okay, Rosie, I think two days a week would be lots of fun. I need to find my brother Kol and siphon his energy into that creepy mora miserium thing. I didn't say this to Dr. Martin, but that's a special kind of weird magic.  Do you think he's into black magic?" Freya asked Keelin.  "I hope not. He and his son seem nice. Go see to your brother, I'll check on the boys and Liv and get Rosie fed," Keelin said picking up the little red head.  Freya smiled to see them together, she felt things were finally as they should be. It almost hurt to be parted from them for even a moment. "Sounds good," Freya said as she got up and went to find her brother.  She heard Keelin tell Rosie that she could have some chocolate milk with her breakfast. GarageKol was staring at the Porsche in a fog. He didn't want to leave, but he couldn't stay.  "Kol! There you are," Freya said in surprise. "What are you doing? Sadie was waiting by the garage door for you."   "Ah, nothing, just thinking," Kol replied truthfully. "Are you going to suck the prison world energy out of me now?"  "Yes, the mora miserium is down in my lab. Come, Brother. You look troubled," Freya said with concern.  "I just feel odd. You know, with Davina being upstairs, we barely speak, but forget that. How are the children faring? You look happy," Kol said putting his arm around her.  "We are, Kol. They are wonderful. Keelin and I aim to get them all into school today, even little Rosie," Freya explained.  "Then, finish with me so you and your lovely wife can attend to your family," Kol acknowledged.  "It won't take long," Freya assured him as she lead him down to the basement.  "When did that vampire chap get picked up?" Kol said in surprise.  "A few days back, they came and got him. That Pearl and her daughter were leaving with him. Niklaus told them to go and not come back," Freya added.  "He didn't seem a bad sort. Not sure about that Pearl, though. Threatening a human boy like Jeremy. The old Nik, let me tell you sister, would have ripped off anyone else's head for much less," Kol said as they descended on the elevator.  "He told me about the witch, Kol, from the 1910s in New Orleans...and them wiping your memory," Freya attested sadly. "I'm sorry. I hate it that I wasn't there for all of you."  "You were asleep under that awful curse. You are here now, Freya. All is well or will be. Nik and I were so different. I am almost glad that you never saw us at our worst. The terrible rows we had, the debauchery and rampages of earlier days. Before Nik found Marcel, he and I, well, our humanity was off for a long time," Kol admitted.  "I would not have let that happen. Well, I hope that I would not have. But enough of the sad talk. Today, we move forward. Here we are, now sit and let me get a few ingredients together," Freya commanded. Her lab was now filled with bookshelves full of ancient grimoires, shelves of glass bottles, candles, stones, crystals, drying herbs, and all sorts of oddities that Freya had collected.  "I like what you've done with the place," Kol smiled.  "Ah, yes, I guess I've added a lot since you've been last here. When I got here, it looked like a science lab, but Bonnie gave me a bunch of her Gran's old things and we shopped for the rest," Freya said as she put the mora miserium in front of Kol. At first Kol thought it looked like an ugly hour glass, but the closer he looked, he saw swirls of black smoke and goo inside.  "God, that thing is hideous," Kol winced. Had he seen one before? He must have, but it was not clear. He touched it and felt the remnants of his emotions drain out of him.  "I know. Just don't knock it over or we're all fucked. Let me start the incantation. Just clear you mind," Freya said as she put her hands on her younger brother's head from behind.  Freya began, "A Pran Khos Suptia Jhem Ai Pada Khe Rassatam. Im A Pran Khos Suptia Jhem Ai Pada Khe Rassatam. Im A Pran Khos Suptia Jhem Ai Pada Khe Rassatam. Ai Pada Se Rassatam. Ai Pada Se Rassatam. Ai Pada Se Rassatam. Ai Pada Se Rassatam." Kol saw a flock of birds flying overhead in the darkening sky, he heard the sound of rushing water close beside him, and he felt the terrible thirst again. Not for water, or love, or calm, but for blood. He fled to the village of another lad he met at market day. They had played a game of tossing rocks for cups of ale. Kol found him that night with his brother and some other villagers. His heartbeat was louder than anything Kol had ever heard. It called to him. Kol felt sharp fangs grow in his mouth. He cut his fingers when he felt them, which only made him more insatiable. The lad greeted him kindly and then Kol attacked. It was his first kill and it was glorious. The other boys tried to save their friend, but Kol was strong and fast. He threw the boy's brother against a tree and cracked his spine. The others, he devoured. Then, he went from hut to hut feasting. The more he drank, the more he wanted...It was the first night of his death. "Kol! Wake up," Freya shouted.  "I'm up! I'm up," Kol shuddered. "What did you do to me?"  "Nothing that I didn't do to the rest. Kol, something is wrong. I think you've been cursed," Freya said in hush.  "Me? Cursed? Sister, I cannot die. Believe me, I've tried," Kol guffawed.  "This isn't funny. Your energy. It's tainted. Do you feel off? Is something just not feeling right?" Freya asked seriously.  Kol went to lie again and Freya gripped his forearm, "If you lie to me again, I'm going to get the spoon and it will be the last damn time you do!"  Kol shivered,"You really want to know? Fine! Aye, since Kai siphoned me, I am a bloody mess. I'm having visions and I feel strange. I don't know what is wrong with me. I feel like empty." "Damn. That's what I was afraid of. Do you think that your humanity switch went off somehow? You just mentioned you and Niklaus had it off for years," Freya asked trembling.  Kol frowned, "Aye, that might be why I am not even that mad at Nik for tearing the head off me girl. I just feel nothing, Freya. I am like an empty vessel. How could this happen?"  "Kol, you are still you? Do you trust me to help you? You might not like what I suggest, but it's just for a little while," Freya said gently.  "You aren't putting me in the box again," Kol said sharply. "I'm out of here. You figure it out."  Freya went to stop him. She didn't want to use a pain spell on her brother, but she wanted him safe. Freya cast a quick boundary spell, but faster than she could blink, Kol had the mora miserium in his grip. "Release the spell or I will smash this," Kol thundered. "I am not bluffing."  "Kol, put it down. You listen to me, I can help," Freya said firmly.  "Release the spell or else," Kol said as he tossed the sand clock from hand to hand.  "Fine. But where are you going to go? Let me help you," Freya pleaded.  "By locking me in our own dungeon? Are you serious? Do you know how many centuries I spent in a coffin daggered? To wake up with everyone I know dead expect our immortal siblings and the never ending parade of enemies still hunting us. Nik will dagger me again and I won't allow it. Never again, Freya. Goodbye," Kol said backing away with the mora miserium in his grip.  "Kol! I love you. Please don't do anything you will regret," Freya cried out.  "My whole immortal life has been filled with regret since I took my first life and loved it. Don't look for me," Kol said vamping away.  Freya felt weak. She texted her other siblings and started upstairs. She found them in the kitchen.  Freya was out of breath. Klaus gasped, "Kol's gone? What happened?" "I think when he got siphoned, it messed with Kol's humanity switch.  He threatened to smash the mora miserium if I didn't let him go. He said to not look for him. He's afraid you are going to dagger him again, NIklaus," Freya declared.  "Dagger him? What is he going on about? He couldn't have gotten far, then again in that damn Porsche, maybe he has. Can you do a locator spell?" Klaus asked.  Elijah came in with his ipad, "We don't need one. I track everyone's cell phone." Davina came into the kitchen, "That's creepy! What if he ditches the phone?"  "I can track the Porsche. That car cost more than a house. I'm not worried about finding Kol, but I'm worried about getting him back. Kol with his humanity switch off is...different," Elijah insisted.  Klaus looked at Davina pointedly and then Rebekah, "We need to go into lockdown around here. Let's get the kids back from school. Actually, I'll go in the other SUV and escort them back. I'm going to call Ric to give him a head's up. I don't think Kol would go there, but just in case."  Elijah started, "I'll get Finn, Henrik, and Penny right now. Freya, why don't we take the younger kids into the lockdown rooms. I'm changing the codes right now. He can't be back here until we know what he is going to do."  Davina yelled, "What are you talking about? You are acting like he is going to go psycho? He's afraid that you all will put him back in a coffin. He's not going to attack the kids. Jesus, get a grip." Rebekah turned, "Darling, a vampire with his or her switch off is very dangerous. They have no emotions and you cannot predict what plans they may think are a good idea. We cannot take the chance that he will do something rash . Please go help your aunts gather the younger children. Then, perhaps, we can figure how what the hell happened."  "But-," Davina began to argue.  Rebekah turned, "Just go, please. Now is not the time to argue."  "I wish Dad was here! You're so rude," Davina spat as she walked up to go find the kids.  Elijah put a restraining arm on her, "Let her go, you were the same at her age."  "Was not!" Rebekah retorted. Elijah smiled and Rebekah groaned.  "We'll figure this out. I have a feeling Kol's witch girlfriend did more than siphon him a century ago," Elijah said gravely.  Freya nodded, "It could be a curse."  "Of course, it would be another damn curse," Klaus complained as he grabbed his car keys and opened the garage door.  14 hours LaterSafe House, ArkansasNight Kol knew where he had to go. The safe house in Arkansas. The last time he had been here, they had been happy. Maybe if he could get there, he would be okay. He would feel something. Anything. Kol pulled the Porsche in the drive. The house looked as majestic as it had the first time he saw it. There were more houses around now, and power lines encroaching, but overall it was the same. Human caretakers looked after the place. Kol parked and got out of the car. Right away, he heard the heartbeats. People were in the house.  Kol vamped up, it was his house, he need not knock or fear anything.  "I know you are in there, come out," Kol yelled. He would give them a second before he ate them. He was getting a little peckish. "Ah, there you, Mr. Mikaelson. We've been waiting for you," Dr. Martin said. He still wore his professor's garb of a tweed jacket paired with corduroy pants. His goatee was neatly trimmed and he wore an expression of resignation and duty. "Jonas? Dr. Martin? What in the bloody hell?" Kol said in confusion.  Luka stepped out, "It will all be explained to you." Luke was dressed more casually as a normal high school student in jeans and a sweatshirt.  "Who's behind you? Let me guess, another witch? Bonnie, I venture," Kol ground out.  "Nay, my name isn't Bonnie, sir," a woman purred. She had white blond hair and wore a long sheer dress that shone in the night. "Ariane?'" Kol gasped. It couldn't be. She was dead.  "No, your brother killed her long ago. Now, it's my turn for revenge," the white blond woman said as Kol felt himself crumple to the ground. After that, the world turned black and he thought of the sparrows again. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "The name Nyx is primarily a female name of Greek origin that means Night. In mythology, Nyx is the daughter of Chaos and a primordial Goddess of the Night." -babynames.comMystic Falls, VirginiaWednesday, February  2, 2011Mystic Falls High SchoolKlaus arrived at the high school, hastily parked in a reserved spot, and dashed into the school office. He had called ahead that there was a family emergency and he needed to pick up all the kids. He found Jeremy, Matt, Erik, Connor, and Kai waiting with their backpacks and other school things outside.  "Where are the girls? Where's Tyler?" Klaus asked anxiously. He couldn't help but glance from side to side.  "Dad, what's going on? Is everything okay?" Jeremy asked.  "Ah, yes, it's going to be fine. I'll explain once we get in the car. Now, where are the twins?" Klaus repeated.  Erik smirked and tried to hide his smiled, "Dad, you should see what they are wearing. I think they are getting detentions. They must have changed after we got to school." "Bloody hell, we don't have time for this. And Tyler?" Klaus pressed.  Matt and Connor looked at each other.  "Dad, please don't get pissed at us, but um," Matt started, "he skipped first period. We don't know where he went."  "What? He's not here?" Klaus exclaimed.  "He could be at the stoner pit or hiding in the stage area. Kids sometimes skip there," Matt said with some heat rising in his cheeks.  "Look, Son, I just need to make sure he's safe. Um, Matt, do you have the car keys?" Klaus asked.  "Yeah, want me to start home?" Matt asked.  "I do. You guys don't stop for anybody. Okay? Even your Uncle Kol, he's not well," Klaus said carefully.  "What's wrong?" Kai blurted.  "It's going to be okay," Klaus assured them.  "Dad, I'll come with you," Jeremy said.  "Fine. The rest of you. Be careful, Straight home. I mean it, no drive-thru or anything," Klaus warned.  Matt agreed, "Okay, Dad. We got it."  Klaus and Jeremy went back to the school office. Rachael was arguing with the vice principal.  "Mr. Mikaelson, I'm sorry but your niece just told me to shove the dress code up my fat ass," Mrs. Webber shared tightly.  Mrs. Webber was not a small woman and Klaus could have melted into the floor. "She what?" Klaus asked in horror, eyeing Rachael sharply. "Rachael, apologize at once!"  "Uncle Klaus, I can dress how I want. Our moms said so," Rachael argued. Rachael's blouse was unbuttoned to reveal a lace bra and she and Dana were twinning in very short plaid shirts.  Klaus wondered if they were wearing some kind of naughty school girl outfits. He wanted to throw his suit coat over them as it was also much too cold for that type of clothing.  "Rachael, if that were true, then you would not have changed into different clothing upon your arrival to school. Now apologize. Something has happened, we must be going," Klaus demanded.  Rachael now became alarmed, "Are the kids okay? Lukas, Liv, Rosie, Joey? What's happening?" Klaus commented, "The kids are fine, luv. But you are not going to be, unless we hear that apology, young lady."  "Sorry, Ms. Webber,...that you are so uptight," Rachael rebutted. "And sorry about the fat thing."  "Not acceptable. I apologize for my niece's poor manners. I will speak to her parents and we will get back to you. But right now. I need to locate my son, Tyler Lockwood," Klaus noted.  The vice principal looked from Rachael to Klaus, "Mr. Lockwood should be in third hour. Let me check. Cindy, can you do an all-call for Tyler Lockwood?"  Mrs. Webber got Principal Mohinder and it was determined that Tyler had left the school building. Cameras revealed that he had been picked up by someone in a truck.  Klaus looked at the footage on the CCtv, "I recognize that truck. It's his Uncle Mason's truck. There must have been a misunderstanding. I will call the mayor and clear this all up. Now, if we may take our leave?"  Mr. Mohinder spoke to Mrs. Webber, "The girls are suspended for a day starting tomorrow.  We'll mail you the form."   "Fine," Klaus said leading all three teens out of the building.  Dana was alarmed. "Uncle Klaus, what the hell is going on?"  Klaus had pulled out his cell phone to call Mayor Lockwood. "Sweetheart, Uncle Kol might be in some trouble. There was a problem and he took off. His humanity switch may have been flipped. We don't know where he is."  "Uncle Kol wouldn't hurt us," Jeremy said strongly.  "I know, Son. But we can't take any chances. Come on, get in the car. We're going to swing by the Lockwood mansion," Klaus said.  "How much trouble is Tyler in?" Jeremy asked as he got in the front seat and put on his seat beat.  "I'll let you know when we find him, okay? Did you try texting him again?" Klaus inquired.  "Yeah, sorry, Dad. Nothing," Jeremy said.  "How'd it go with Bonnie?" Klaus asked as he pulled out of the parking lot.  "Um, so I got into it with Luka this morning. We almost, you know, started throwing punches and then he gets a call and just left. I saw his dad pull up a car and pick him up. Dad, something is weird about them," Jeremy surmised.  "Oh yeah?" Klaus said absentmindedly. "Dad, you're not even listening!" Jeremy pointed out.  "I'm sorry. I need to find your brother and then my brother. Girls, have you thought about what you are going to tell your mums about those outfits? Not appropriate. And Rachael, you know better than to be that disrespectful," Klaus lectured.  Rachael groaned, "Can you just save it, please? Every little thing gets blown out of proportion. Could you turn the heat on? It's freezing in here" Rachael had her arms wrapped around her and her teeth were chattering. Vampires rarely got that cold, so she must have been freezing.  "Where are your coats?" Klaus asked.  Dana snapped, "You didn't have to curse her out, Rachael!"  "Fuck off, bitch," Rachael hissed. Dana slapped her across the face and the two began to squabble in the back seat.  Klaus looked back into the rearview mirror and saw Rachael dig her fingers through Dana's hair and pull it.  "Girls, stop! Stop, jeez," Jeremy yelled. "Enough!" Klaus bellowed slowing down the large SUV. "Do I need to pull over?"  They stopped and began to smooth down their clothes and hair, trying to retain what little dignity they could.  Jeremy muttered, "A crazy uncle, a missing brother, a cat fight, what is next?"  "Your uncle isn't crazy," Klaus disagreed. "Things happened a long time ago. Jeremy, things got out of control. Girls, are we good?"  "Yeah," Rachael said glaring at Dana, she kicked her with her boot.  "Knock it off!" Dana hissed looking up towards the front of the car.  "Ladies, please.  We really don't have time for this," Klaus pleaded.  "Sorry, Uncle Klaus. My sister is having boy issues and I was supposed to help her. This kind of messes up our plans," Dana explained loudly.  Jeremy looked back, "You guys were trying to get dates for the dance, too? I screwed that up today, too. Bonnie is never going to talk to me again."  Klaus' face softened. He thought back to the first time he realized he loved Tatia, then just a young widow with a baby, but saw her dancing with his brother at the festival.  He felt a wave a guilt that his mismanagement of the situation from a hundred years ago with his other brother had foiled all the kids' plans for their own romances. Klaus conceded, "Kids, listen. I'm sorry about this. We're probably being overly cautious. Jeremy, I know you are fond of Bonnie, but sometimes you can't force the issue. And girls, not sure what you are up to, but anyone would be lucky to have you for a date. You need not scheme and plot, leave that to me."  Dana asked, "So does that mean we're not in trouble?"  Klaus laughed, "What do you think?"  Dana muttered something under her breath that Klaus pretended not to hear.  Klaus turned into the drive of the Lockwood Manor. The huge old house stood proudly on perfectly manicured grounded.  "Holy fuck! Is this Tyler's house?" Klaus heard one of the girls say in awe.  "That's a strike! Enough cursing," Klaus growled. "And yes, this is the Lockwood Manor."  Dana explained, "Um, that was Rachael, not me."  "That was Dana, not me," Rachael retorted.  "That's strike two," Klaus said loudly. Jeremy smiled as right now the girls were already in trouble plus, no one knew what the hell was going on.  They saw Tyler arguing in front of the house with his mother and Uncle Mason standing beside him. Klaus opened his door and told the other three teen to stay in the car.  Jeremy whistled, "Whoa, Tyler is in for it. His mom looks ready to slap him."  "And she's the mayor? This fucking house. Wow," Rachael said again.  "He's invited you guys over before. You were always too busy," Jeremy reminded them.  "I didn't know he was this rich. Why does he live with your dad?" Dana wondered watching Klaus try to diffuse the argument between mother and son.  "Before Ty's dad died, his mom was did a lot of charity. I mean, my mom did, too, before she died, with the Mystic Falls Historical Society and shit like that. But when she became the mayor, she kind of ignored him. Honestly, both his parents were kind of distant and-," Jeremy explained watching as Klaus nodded to Carol Lockwood and took Tyler by the arm and led him to the SUV. Klaus was listening to something Carol was saying. A second later, Tyler got in the row behind Klaus and Jeremy. "Hey guys," Tyler said with his face red. He put on his seatbelt and sat back and exhaled.  "You okay, man?" Jeremy said a second before Klaus got in.  "Not really," Tyler said shortly.  Klaus got in and said, "Okay, then. Let's head back. When we get back to the house, you guys are all going to go into the lockdown floor with the younger kids. Please, try to keep them calm. There's a good chance, my siblings and I might have to leave. An Original with his switch off could....be dangerous."  Tyler opened his mouth, "Dad, can I explain?"  Klaus held up a hand, "Son, not now, okay? Let's deal with one thing at a time. You know I love you, but I'm not real happy with you right now."  Tyler squeezed his eyes shut and kicked the back of Klaus' seat a little before leaning his head again the window. He could tear this entire car apart if he wanted to. Jeremy turned and looked at Tyler and then back at the girls, the tension in the car was now thick. No one said another word until they pulled into the garage. Mikaelson MansionSafe RoomKlaus still had a few security secrets that the rest of the family didn't know about. When he got home, he turned to talk to Tyler, but Tyler vamped away.  "Son!" Klaus tried helplessly. The twins also vamped away. "Girls, I'm going to speak to your mothers also!" Aside from Jeremy, the garage was empty. At least humans could not vanish like that. Klaus smiled fondly at his brown haired son.  "Your getting so tall, you know. When you first came here, you were barely at my shoulder," Klaus recalled with emotion. "Tyler, too. Now, you two are growing up so fast." Klaus looked pained for a second. He didn't know what was going on with Tyler or why he was leaving school with his Uncle Mason. Mason said Tyler was calling him to pick him up and lying that he had permission.  Jeremy said, "It's okay, Dad. I'll talk to Ty. Are we all going downstairs?"  "Thanks, Jeremy. Um, actually, I have a new safe room that is ready. So how are you?" Klaus said gently. He couldn't believe that he had swatted Jeremy just a few hours before so he could get out of his grounding, now all the kids would be in lockdown. He'd have to make it up to them somehow.  "Okay. I don't regret this morning, if that is what you mean. I guess Bonnie is worth taking a couple swats in the end, even if it didn't totally work out," Jeremy admitted sheepishly. He rubbed the seat of his pants and realized any residue ache from the paddle was gone. Only the hurt from Bonnie's rejection in his heart remained.  "Hey, you know, I'm here if you need to talk even with all this craziness going on. Love you," Klaus said pulling Jeremy to his chest. Klaus put his hand on the back of Jeremy's head and let himself smell the scent of his shampoo a minute.  "Love you, too," Jeremy muttered as his dad was almost smothering him.  "Son, are you wearing Axe body spray? Maybe cut back on that a little," Klaus smiled.  Jeremy groaned, "You sound just like Rachael."  Elijah opened the garage door, "Brother, there you are. The younger kids are back. Your daughter is quite enraged that you made her go to school and then miss the Ground Hog Day play. She is throwing, pardon my language, a shit fit." Klaus kissed Jeremy, "I'm going to make this up to all of you. I don't know how, but I will."  "A vacation?" Jeremy offered.  "Maybe! Once we get Kol back," Klaus said going to settle Penny down. A few minutes later, Klaus had led the entire family through the new secret passage into the panic room. Even Elijah had been amazed. The bookshelf to the right of the fireplace in the great room was actually a door.  "Now, I'm trusting you all with this. It's not a toy. It's only for emergencies," Klaus clarified.  "And you hid this from even me?" Elijah chided.  "I wasn't sure it would ever be ready. We kept adding more people on and they had to keep adapting it," Klaus explained.  "This is so cool," Matt said. There was a full entertainment room with tvs, game systems, board games, puzzles, and new toys for the kids to play with. "I can't believe there is a secret passage," Erik said in awe. He wondered what else his dad kept hidden from them.  Elijah was dragged over by Lucas, Finn, and Henrik to see all the new Lego sets. "Can we open them all?" Finn gasped.  "No, you know the rule, one at a time. Put it together and then you can open the next one. If you mix up the pieces, it's too hard to put together," Elijah repeated.  "But Uncle Kol can help us," Henrik said.  Vanessa chimed in, "Sweetie, Uncle Kol is sick. Daddy is going to find him and bring him home. Kai and Jeremy will help you, right boys?" Kai got down and started helping the boys open a Star Wars set.  Keelin was digging through the kitchenette area, "This is really nice. Klaus, you outdid yourself. And the medical area. I could do a couple surgeries on y'all, if needed."  Klaus laughed, "Hopefully, you won't have to, my new Sister." He had started calling her "sister" after her wedding day, which made her laugh.  Freya brought Rosie in by the hand, "She's tired.  I think we need to go now. We think he's headed to Arkansas."  "Arkansas? What's there?" Cami said holding a sketchbook and a charcoal pencil. She was supposed to be drawing a portrait of Penny as the girls talked her into a drawing contest. They typically ended up laughing at Cami's poor efforts. Klaus wiped a smudge of charcoal from Cami's face. "A safe house. Kol's house." Freya nodded, "Davina has agreed to come. The twins and Kai, I don't think they should come. Kai is too close to Kol. The girls are a mess today. They got suspended from school and I don't know what is going on with them. Jo is going to stay here, too."  Thursday, February  3, 2012Safe House, ArkansasThe Next Day "Is he up? Maybe try the smelling salts," Luka said.  Dr. Martin laughed, "He's an ancient vampire, Son. Smelling salts ain't going help."  "Who the hell are you? Tell me so I know the honor of whom I am murdering later!" Kol slurred.  "Whoa, just wait a minute. We'll on your side here, sir. We're in an ancient organization that protects people and even supernaturals," Dr. Martin explained calmed.  Kol realized he was tied up with chained and ropes soaked in vervain. They also had him drugged. He was groggy, but waking up quickly. "So where's the broad? The pretty one who knocked me out," Kol growled looking around.  "Oh her. She's um, the boss. Look, our organization is not large, but it is old. Can we explain what we do before you get loose and behead us?" Dr. Martin asked with mild amusement.  Kol grunted, "I was wrong about you. I thought you had no sense of humor, but now I see you are a very funny man if you think I am going to let you live after this."  Kol's threats did not seem to faze Dr. Martin, but Luka looked concerned. "Son, why don't you go do your homework in the other room?" Dr. Martin said evenly.  Luka glanced furtively at Kol and left without a word. Kol snickered, "Do you tie him up when he argues with you? Boy seems awfully obedient for someone his age."  "He's a good kid. His mother died years back and it's just the two of us. I wish he did act like more of a regular kid sometimes. But enough about my boy. Let me explain how we found you...," Dr. Martin started.  "Well, I suppose I am a captive audience," Kol said. He was trying to unravel the ropes behind his back despite the vervain burning his fingers. He didn't let his family capture him and he wasn't going to let some professor do it either.  "So you meet a siphon named Ariane in what 1911 in New Orleans, right? Beautiful, on the run. They said she was a murderer and  then your brother killed her," Dr. Martin prompted.  "Pretty much," Kol said uncomfortably. He hope Dr. Martin couldn't hear the sound of his flesh sizzling against the vervain ropes as well as he could.  "That was my daughter," the woman said stepping out of the shadows.  "But you look the same age as she was," Kol said in shock.  "I had her when I was 15 and then I was made a vampire shortly after. I gave her to my family thinking that they would take care of her. I was a siphon and there were hunters after me. I had no idea that she would be a siphon, too," the woman revealed.  "This is Nyx. She used to be called other names, but this is what she goes by now," Dr. Martin said.  "Everything that happened in New Orleans was so my daughter could free me. She didn't know me or that I was already turned. I left her when she was a baby. They used me as leverage to get her to do the Rite of the Nine. They did a spell that her sacrifice would increase their power more," Nyx said bitterly.  "Who? Who would benefit from her death?" Kol said knowing the answer before she said it.  "The French Quarter Coven, of course. The sacrifice of a siphon gives the coven great power. Your brother didn't know. They told my daughter that she had to kill Marcel Gerard if I was to live. The worst part about their plot is that they didn't even have me. She was a girl, innocent of the evils of power. That's why we took you. When I found out what that coven did to my daughter, I put a curse on the Claire line. When a Clair falls in love, like my ill-fated Ariane, did with you, she will go insane, Nyx revealed blunted. "Davina? But she's not insane! Now her great-grandmother maybe did go a bit daft, Mary Claire's sister, she was a loon jailing her own sister, and it is true that Davina's mother did try to slit her throat," Kol recalled.  "I know you had a relationship with her, which is why I thought she was safe. The curse only starts when a Claire falls in love with a mortal," Nyx explained gently.  "A mortal. Oh, yes, she's seeing a witch she met at school. That's what I wanted for her, a mortal life. She needs to marry, grow old with someone, have her own children. I have been dead since 1001 AD," Kol spat. He stopped trying to untie the ropes.  "We need her here so I can undo the curse. If we don't, she's kill the boy or anything else she loves. I am sorry for what I did, but my daughter was innocent. She didn't deserve to be be treated as she was. I never got to know her. By the time I found out what my family had done, she was already dead," Nyx said her voice heavy with remorse.  "I am sorry for your daughter's death. I didn't remember it until a few days ago. Before that I lay daggered in a coffin for a century," Kol said realizing he felt sad. He looked sharply at Nyx, who looked so much like her daughter.  "Yes, I am sorry I entered your head. I was able to undo the damage wrought by the French Quarter coven. It seems you pissed off some powerful witches in your time, Mr. Mikaelson! You should be back to normal in a few days," Nym promised.  "So our organization originally was founded to hunt siphons. We have since come to actually protect them from the covens that seek them out to murder them. We've been concerned about the Parker family and the Gemini for some time. They were not an easy group to get near. Jill Parker was one of our agents, her brother found out and banished her before we could rescue her," Dr. Martin admitted sadly.  "The Parker children are now Mikaelsons. They are safe. If you can help Davina, then our family will do what we can to aid your organization. You have my word," Kol said solemnly.  Nym looked at Dr. Martin and said, "We were actually hoping to get your brother Elijah's word. You are not known for being the forgiving type."  Kol didn't say anything and slowly brought his hands up.  "I've been free of these ropes for five minutes and I have not harmed you. Davina, although she might have moved on, is the love of my life. I would never hurt anyone who could help her. And Ariane was my friend. I wanted to save her and I failed," Kol said.  "You tried. That was more than her own family tried to do. Now, would you call your family before they come in here and slaughter her all?" Nym said giving Kol back his cell phone.  LaterKlaus walked into the house that he had gifted his brother in 1913 and caught his breath.  "My God, you are a picture of her!" Klaus gasped.  "She was my daughter," Nym said sadly.  "Madam, I cannot tell you how sorry I am. When I saw my son on the floor, I lost it. It never occurred to me that the French Quarter coven had framed her. Those upright witches had us fooled," Klaus said in a sincere voice. Kol had explained what had happened on the phone.  "Thank you. Is this the Claire witch?" Nyx said going to Davina. Rebekah stepped in front of her, but Kol said, "Sister, let her remove the curse."  "I go by Gerard-Mikaelson now, the Claire name means nothing to me," Davina corrected.  "Child, in my rage, I cursed the woman in your family to insanity when they fell in love with mortals. I hear your mother tried to kill you? Did she have a new beau or suitor shortly before?" Nyx prompted.  "Yeah, she had divorced my father when I was little and threw him out. She always told me she had never loved her. I guess she was right. She was seeing a new guy and they were talking about getting married," Davina said slowly.  "I must break the curse or you will destroy that which you love best," Nyx said carefully taking Davina's hands and whispering.  Elijah and Klaus went over to Kol. Elijah hugged him tightly. Klaus said, "Are you alright?"  "Now, I am. She fiddled with my head. So remember how Mary-Alice Claire's sister betrayed her? Wait, that was before Ariane. Jesus, maybe their family is more fucked up than we are?" Kol said laughing with his brothers. Freya came over.  "What are you fools giggling about?" Freya pressed as she kissed Kol and grabbed him.  "How messed up we are?" Kol smiled as Klaus patted his arm.  "You know on the long trip back home, why don't you guys tell me everything I missed from the beginning? The good, the bad, the ugly," Freya asked.  A moment later, Nyx reported that the curse should be broken.  Freya went over to Dr. Martin, "So you've been looking out for my kids this whole time?"  "Yes, I had taken the job at Whitmore college to get that grimoire from Salem. I knew Sheila Bennett had it at one point. I should have known it would have been magically sealed and could only be opened by another Bennett witch. Bonnie is lucky to have you in her life looking out for her," Dr. Martin said.  "But she has you now and her cousin Lucy," Freya offered.  "Now that the kids are same and the curse is broken, we need to move on. Lucy has actually decided to join our organization. We're small, but we save a lot of lives," Dr. Martin explained.  "But Bonnie...She'll be on her own again," Freya added.  "No, not with you and your clan around. Something tells me Bonnie will be just fine," Dr. Martin said shaking Freya's hand.  Luka came out, "Miss Mikaelson, would you tell Bonnie that I said goodbye? I hate to leave so suddenly, but we are off to Europe in a few days."  "I will, Luka. She's really going to miss you. Thank you for all of your help. We're going to donate a big check to your organization. Hear that, Brother," Freya hollered over to Elijah.  "Kol already told me. We would be honored to support such a worthy cause," Elijah said. He pulled out a cheek and filled it out on Klaus' back with his gold Mont Blanc pen.   Nyx gathered up her things, "Here's my card. Call us if you have need of us.  I'm sorry that we didn't meet under better circumstances." Her white blond hair hung down to her shoulders and she pulled it back.  Kol kissed her on the cheek, "I'm sorry, too. I only knew her a short time, Ariane, but I loved her. She once did me a great kindness to get back in my brother's good graces. It was a bottle of liquor, but she didn't have to do it. That's the kind of person she was, kind and generous."  Nyx wiped away a tear, "I know. From what I saw from your mind, she loved you, too. You know that is the only time I ever saw her alive when she was older, from the visions I saw in your head. Thank you for that."  Kol walked to the empty study next to the open living room. He needed a moment. Kol watched Nyx, Dr. Martin, and Luka get in their vehicle and leave. Davina walked beside him and held his arm.  "I was so worried about you," Davina breathed. "I'm fine, luv. You are going to be okay now. Both of are, no more curses," Kol said looking down into her heart shaped face. The face that he adored.  "Oh Kol," Davina said bursting into tears. He gathered her in his arms and ran his hands through her long, brown hair. "It's okay, darling. Shh, I want this for you. Stop feeling guilty. Look at me. I love you and that will never change. But I need you to live a real life. Promise me, you will give this your all. You go out there and have fun with your friends, have a boyfriend, do normal things like join clubs and go to the movies and live. Promise," Kol said holding her face tenderly.  "I will, but only if you promise to move on too. I mean it, Kol. You can find some witch or vampire or hell, even a wolf. Promise me you will try and I will," Davina demanded.  "I promise, Davina Claire Gerard Mikaelson," Kol smiled.  "We're still dropping the Claire," Davina lectured.  "But I thought Nyx said your mum was cursed?" Kol clarified.  "My mom was always a malignant narcissist way before any curse affected her. Screw the French Quarter witches," Davina laughed.  "Well, your great-great grandmother or aunt, not sure, did also curse me, so I'll agree," Kol smiled letting her go.  "This house is nice. Is this yours?" Davina said looking around. "It is kind of a family safe house now. We should all spent a week here in the summer. There is a lake and we used to have horses in the stables," Kol went on as they walked back to the living room.  "That sounds nice," Davina said. "You know, that boy, Kaleb. Um, this might sound weird, but he reminds me of you. He's a witch. I think if things were different, you two would hit it off."  "Aye," Kol said politely. "I'm sure he's a good lad. He better treat you right."  "He does," Davina blushed.  Rebekah was waiting, "Hey Kol, can my daughter and I drive your Porsche back? I think we need some mother-daughter time and Freya wants to hear old stories."  "Sure thing, Bex. Just don't wreck her," Kol said handing over his keys.  "Thank you. Davina, wanna learn to drive?" Rebekah joked.  "Sister, not funny," Kol grumbled.  Freya said, "Come on, we need to get back. Plus, I want my story time."  "Be careful what you wish for," Klaus said wryly.  Elijah agreed, "Our stories never seem to have been of a happy ending, do they?"  Kol elbowed him lightly, "You old grump, until now. Look at you, three newlyweds who can't wait to get back to Mystic Falls...Now tell me that's not a happy ending."  Klaus put his arm around Kol, "He has a point. We good, little brother?"  Kol smiled and then punched Klaus lightly in the stomach, "Nope. We are not good. We do have some unfinished business to talk about. But I said I would table it until later. We will talk soon."  "Kol," Klaus considered, "we came all this way to rescue you. Just tell me you're not angry at me."  "The reason I was here is because I was afraid you were going to dagger me again. I can't just forget about all the times 'always and forever' excluded me, Nik," Kol explained.  "Fine, be mad," Klaus said opening the SUV door for Freya. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Give kind heed to the dead, sick-dead, Sea-dead, or word-dead; treat their bodies with respect and see that they are laid to rest with respect." -Viking quote Wednesday, February  2, 2011Arkansas Safe HouseFreya said, "Come on, we need to get back to Virginia. I have two suspended girls to deal with and six other kids and probably a very exhausted wife to come home to.  Plus, I want my story time."  "Be careful what you wish for," Klaus said wryly.  Elijah agreed, "Our stories never seem to have been of a happy ending, do they?"  Kol elbowed him lightly, "You old grump, until now. Look at you, three newlyweds who can't wait to get back to Mystic Falls...Now tell me that's not a happy ending."  Klaus put his arm around Kol, "He has a point. We good, little brother?"  Kol smiled and then punched Klaus lightly in the stomach, "Nope. We are not good. We do have some unfinished business to talk about. But I said I would table it until later. We will talk soon."  "Kol," Klaus considered, "we came all this way to rescue you. Just tell me you're not angry at me."  "The reason I was here is because I was afraid you were going to dagger me again. I can't just forget about all the times 'always and forever' excluded me, Nik," Kol explained.  "Fine, be mad," Klaus said opening the SUV door for Freya.  "So I want to hear about how 'always and forever' started for you," Freya prompted.  Elijah started the car, "Mother and Dahlia actually made the pact first when Father's viking tribe was attacking their village. I suppose she never told you that part?" Freya shrugged, "She usually just told me how Mother never wanted me and that I was better off with her. She really never talked much about their past. Funny, because we had literally nothing else to talk about. Ugh, Dahlia was the worst. Anyway, so Mother turned you, what happened after that?"  "Well, none of us really come off as blameless truthfully. I guess I'll start," Kol said.  New World1001 ADKol was back in the village. He must have passed out. His tunic was soaked in blood. The smell was metallic and strong. The sun was rising soon. He must get home or he would burn from the sun. He could burrow himself in the hard earth or take refuge in some hovel for the day, but his family would be looking for him. Burning from the sun seemed like a jest from nature herself. That was an effect none of them expected from the transformation, the light was not their friend anymore. They were now children of the darkness and slaves to blood.  Mother had her friend working on a spell to help them.  Kol vamped back home to find the small Viking farm quiet, aside from the movements of the animals. He washed hastily in the water barrel and tried to slip back in without notice.  "Brother, late night?" Klaus hissed quietly. "The sun is about to come up."  "I was just out with friends. Is that a crime now?" Kol argued.  "Aye, if you eat them," Klaus pointed out the brain matter and blood staining his leggings.  "Nik, I was so hungry. I killed them. I killed them all," Kol confessed.  Elijah was suddenly behind both of them.  "We can no longer stay here. Our neighbors grow suspicious. There is nothing to stay here for," Elijah said tonelessly.  Klaus agreed, "Not any longer. Mother killed Tatia to end our feud, Brother, and curse us with life forever. Let us leave here and never return."  "But what about Mother and Father?" Kol asked.  "Mother cursed me and Father would still like to kill me. If only Henrik had not followed me!" Klaus wept, turning away from his brothers.  The hardness Elijah had felt for Niklaus the last few months dissolved when Tatia died and he was forced to hold his brother down to subdue his werewolf side.  "Niklaus, that was not your fault. Henrik is gone forever. Please, do not do this," Elijah begged as he put his arms around Niklaus' shoulders.  Klaus wiped his tears away and tried to regain control of his emotions. What was done was done. "What is going on? Why are you out of bed?" Mikael hissed with suppressed rage.  "Father, we were just talking," Elijah answered glancing nervously toward Niklaus. Surely, Father would not try to beat him now that they were immortals.  "Get up to bed. All of you. You are going to wake your mother. And you, Boy? Come to murder another of your brothers? Get up there," Mikael said grabbing Klaus roughly by the arm and steering him into the house. Elijah exhaled a breath of relief. If he had steer Niklaus toward the barn, then Mikael was aiming to whip him first. He liked to do it so Niklaus' cries could not be heard in the house.  After they had climbed the ladder and stepped over a sleeping Finn and Rebekah. Kol smirked, "That was a close one. I thought we were all headed to the barn."  There were times Mikael took his whip to them all, but he always saved his special cruelty for Niklaus. He often said he did it to make him stronger.  Elijah was serious, "Brothers, we cannot live like this. We need more hunting grounds. Kol, if you fed from your friend's village. It is only time before they come for us."  "But Father," Klaus cried softly.  "Niklaus, I know you are afraid, but we need more blood. Father already killed almost all the wolves in revenge for Henrik," Elijah whispered.  "And my true father," Klaus said sadly.  "Aye, but did you see the way he still looks at you? We are not safe here. His hatred of you is now mixed with fear," Elijah explained.  Kol countered, "But he did not even try to beat Nik tonight. Elijah, he is safe."  "Nay, little Brother, he is bidding his time. Waiting for Mother to leave. Do you think he kept a piece of the white oak tree that we burned? We must search his things," Elijah stated.  "But if he catches us, we shall get a terrible whipping, all of us," Klaus trembled. Klaus was used to the thrashing that left him in bed for days, it was never that bad for his siblings. Rebekah had thrown herself in front of Father's whip before. Elijah had stayed his hand until Father threatened to give him the same, but none of them had been hurt like Klaus. Klaus could not bear to see them suffer in his defense. After all, he had gotten Henrik killed.  "Dear Brother, fear not his whip, we shall heal. Fear the stake that can take our immortality from us. We need more blood than we can get here yet he is keeping us here to please Mother. She does not understand the depth of our thirst," Elijah said plainly.  Kol frowned, "But if we try to leave, Mother will stop us. You know she has the power. That's why he never let one of you marry the widow, because she was afraid you would leave." Elijah said, "Yes, she will try to stop us, that's why she must not find out."  Next Day "Children, come quickly. Ayana has your rings!" Ester said with glee.  Ayana smiled at the children she had helped birth years before.  "Listen carefully, these rings will let you walk in the daylight again. But you must never take them off or you will burn in the sun like fire. The fire will not kill you but it will hurt a great deal. Here you go," Ayana said handing out the rings.  "Thank you, Ayana. It's beautiful," Rebekah said. She had never had a ring before. The blue stone was so beautiful and there were carvings in the silver.  "You are welcome, Rebekah," Ayana said fondly. "Just please be careful. You can still be harmed by other witches, the ring cannot protect from that."  "We know, Aryana," Kol said trying his ring on.  "Oh, you do, do you?" Ayana said going behind Kol and hugging him from behind. He had always been her favorite, her protege. She hated what Ester had done to him. Kol gripped her hand like he always did when she hugged him, but she time she could tell something changed. His eyes darkened and his fangs came out. He pushed away.  "I am sorry," Kol said rushing out the door. Ester was concerned and followed him out of the wooden house. Elijah apologized, "It the hunger. Ayana, is there anything we can do to lessen it. Sometimes it seems that the more we feed, the more we need to."  "I do not know, my boy. The only thing I can tell you is to fight it the best that you can, to give into the bloodlust may be the worst thing," Ayana admitted.  "Thank you for your honesty. And for trying to stop our parents that night," Elijah said quietly.  "You know I think of you as almost my own children. I watched everyone of you come into this world. And sweet Henrik, if I could bring him back, I would have. But the ancestor forbade it. They would curse this land. I tried to tell your father but...," Ayana drifted. She embraced Elijah tightly and he felt her slip a packet of herbs into his belt. Later, he would see that were sleeping herbs for Mother's tea. Ayana knew that they needed to flee this land before they ran out of food, or people to feed off of. Mikael came in, "Your still here, Ayana. I would think you have other work to attend to. The hour grows late and we grow hungry."  "Mikael, do not think to threaten me. Remember, my magic will still bring you to your knees Viking or bloodsucker, no matter."  Mikael held up his hand, "I was just speaking in jest. No need to become vexed!"  Ayana scowled, "Tell Ester that I will take my leave. Goodbye, children." Ayana stopped and looked at each one of them a  moment. Later, Elijah wondered if she knew that she would never see Ester alive again.  That night, when Mikael left for a hunt, Rebekah slipped the herbs into Ester's tea. As she slept, they bundled up their few possessions and started to leave. At first, Finn was reluctant to part from his beloved Mother.   "Brother, there is not enough blood for us here. Do you want the villagers to come here and burn Mother at the stake for our crimes? For her safety, we must leave," Elijah insisted.  "Elijah, that is the only reason I am going along with this. Do you understand me?" Finn stated blunted.  Kol scowled, "We understand how little you care for the rest of us. What will Mother do without her little sycophant tied to her apron strings?"  Finn grabbed Kol around the neck, "You little brat, without your magic, you are not so strong, are you?" Rebekah cried, "We must go now. Please, Brothers, now! I am so hungry I cannot stand it."  The rest were hungry, too. The Originals could not get into people's home and had to wait for stragglers to come outside to feed. It was difficult to find privacy. It only took one cry of "monster" to rouse the village to become a murderous mob.  The siblings started out on their trek. Klaus realized that he had forgotten something dear to him when they were a few miles out.  "Go, I must go back for something. Go on, I'll meet you at the fork in the road," Klaus said quickly.  Klaus had forgotten his starling necklace that Mother had given him as a child. He had taken it off when they became vampires and hid is under the floorboard under where he laid his bedroll at night. Klaus vamped back must faster by himself in the darkness and in a few minutes was home. Mother was still asleep as he climbed up the ladder. He retrieved his necklace and put it in his belt pouch.  "You drugged me," Ester said groggily.  "Mother!" Klaus said in horror.  "Where is everyone?" Ester said looking around at the empty room.  "Mother, we need more blood. We are starving here. People are getting suspicious. They will burn you as a witch. We'll come back when it is safe and Father, he hates me more than ever now," Klaus tried to explain.  "You did this? You made the children leave me," Ester said.  "No, of course not, but Elijah thought-," Klaus started.  "Oh, because of that little whore, the doppelgänger. You both lusted after her mystic blood and more. Well, she is gone. I cannot lose my children," Ester said staggering to Klaus.  "Mother, why did you curse me? My wolf side and you let Mikael slaughter my true father," Klaus asked in a near whisper.  "Do you think I could control Mikael? I tried. Oh, my son, how naive you are. My blond haired boy, I could not stop him from hurting you," Ester slurred.  "You knew?" Klaus ground out. They always thought that Ester was ignorant of the worst of Mikael's abuse towards Klaus.  "How could I not? I tried spells, to drug him, to be kind to him, to be mean, but nothing works. I am sorry but I gave up. As long as he did not kill you, I told myself he would make you stronger," Ester confessed.  "Stronger? He almost did kill me. He killed my pack! You let him kill the wolf in me. Mother, I am only half a creature now. Please undo the curse and I will forgive all. Please," Klaus begged.  "No, the spirits said you would be too powerful. You could spread your seed and make an army of monsters. They think I created abominations already. I will be punished when I draw my last breath, they said. A hybrid cannot walk this earth. I am sorry, my dearest boy," Ester cried. She touched her dirty blond hair and looked into his blue-green eyes and saw Ansel again. He was a gentle man and a true alpha to his pack. He was humble, and yet so brave. When Mikael slew him, although she had not lain with him in twenty years, a part of her died. The part that still had hope.  "Sorry, that is not good enough. I spent my life just wanting Father to show me a shred of kindness once and that is never going to happen. Now, I am turned into a monster, but I cannot even be the true monster I am because of your fear of spirits. Mother, I demand you help me. For once in my life, help me," Klaus felt a rage that he had suppressed for years burst inside of him.  "Never! It will never happen, Niklaus!" Ester ground out in determination. She saw the beast in her son and felt nothing. Death would be a relief, would it not? Surely, the ancestors would relent and have some mercy on her.  Then, he woke up and Ester was dead. There were red marks around his neck. Had he killed his own mother?  Weeping, he carried her body down to the first floor and laid her out on the table. Still so beautiful.  Klaus knelt before her and prayed to Odin to restore her to life.  Rebekah and Elijah burst in, "What happened?" Klaus choked, "Father must have come back and found us gone. She's dead. He killed her."  They all wept. Finn and Kol were setting up a camp for them. Ayana came and did a spell over the body to preserve it for all time. Ester had been her dearest friend and she had never liked Mikael. They built a hasty coffin and put Mother in it. Rebekah wove her a crown of flowers and laid her in her good dress.  They secured a cart and horse and put the makeshift coffin on it.  "Ayana, you must go. We have to destroy this house. Father could come back to kill us all any minute," Rebekah said sadly. They said their goodbyes to Ayana. "We stay together now. For always and forever," Rebekah said as she clasped hands with her brothers. They were all that they had now. Mikael was as dead to them as Mother was. She had always thought Father would kill Niklaus, not Mother, but here they were. She could barely speak through her sobs.  "Always and forever," they answered.  The villages came out to see the house burning, but the Mikaelsons were gone. They had taken Ester's body with them. On Route to Mystic Falls"Wow. So what happened after that," Freya asked.  "We feasted," Kol said.  Elijah added, "We were new vampires, the first of our kind. Always hungry and sometimes filled with despair, sometimes elation. But, somehow we stayed together." "Then, we ran. Mikael began to hunt us, to hunt me. We found a boat to the Old World and the rest is history," Klaus said ruefully. 
  
    Chapter Text
    We must believe in free will, we have no choice. -Issac Bashevis SingerMystic Falls, VirginiaMikaelson MansionThursday, February  3, 2011Freya and Keelin's Bedroom5:42amFreya woke up early Friday morning after only a few hours of sleep. She was troubled by the stories her siblings had told her. She wanted to hear more, but it hurt so much all that she had missed. Sometimes she felt a physical pain in her body of the lost years, but she also felt rage. A part of her wished that Niklaus hadn't killed Ester, so she could have done it herself. Freya could not have these thoughts now. They led to her losing control. When Freya lost control, people died. She felt guilt for thinking such dark thoughts as she cuddled with her family in bed. Keelin, two children over from her. Her love. She was luckily, blessed with such love. Joey had woken up again from wetting the bed. He was refusing to wear the pull ups, They knew he didn't want the other boys to see them and say something. They put a pad underneath his sheets and Keelin started him on a new prescription. They had explained that it was not his fault, it could be a medical problem, but he still seemed upset. Some kid's bladders were just smaller than others. Joey's tears had woken up Lucas. So now both boys were nestled between her and her wife. In the same bed, they all had slept so deeply.  She stroked the boys' hair and let herself weep for the sins of her own mother. Maybe she could understand a little. For didn't Freya do something worse than Ester herself? No time to think of that now, it was time to rise.  "Mom?" a voice said in the darkness and a crack of light from the hallway crept in.  "Yeah, baby. I'm awake," Freya said getting up.  "I couldn't sleep," Rachael said.  "Come on, let's go out here and talk," Freya grabbed two plush blankets and opened the sliding glass door on the balcony.  "Thanks. Remember when I used to smoke out here? When I first came here..." Rachael smiled taking the blanket and wrapping herself in it.  "Yes, I do. You and Penny all alone in this big room. Your sister was in the Bayou and we thought you were her. Fun times. God, I am afraid the little kids are going to get out here and fall off. We're going to install a higher lock. Why couldn't you sleep, hon?" Freya said settling in the couch next to Rachael. It was still dark and cold out. The sky was lightening slightly.  "I don't know. I guess I feel bad about everything that happened at school. I shouldn't have called the VP fat," Rachael admitted glumly.  "No, you shouldn't have. Uncle Niklaus said you apologized to her," Freya said pulled Rachael over to her on the couch.  "I did because he made me, but I made it obvious that I didn't mean it," Rachael said quietly.  "Honey, tell me everything from the start. What happened? Why did you guys change in the first place?" Freya said rubbing her arms and rewrapping them in the blankets.  "So I like this guy from my art class Greg. He and I were joking about this manga character who wore this Japanese schoolgirl outfit. He said something like, 'That's the kind of girl I'd like to take to the Valentine's Day dance.' So I got the outfits online," Rachael cringed realizing that she just admitting to another crime.  "Um, how?" Freya asked suspiciously. "Remember when I asked if I could use your credit card for school clothes?" Rachael said sheepishly.  "When I had the baby on the potty crying and your little brother was running around like a crazy person from sneaking that candy with the red dye on it, that time?" Freya prompted.  "Yes, okay, sorry, but I knew if you saw them you and Mama would say no," Rachael confessed.  "Rachael Mikaelson, I appreciate you finally telling the truth, but those are both coming out of your allowance. I don't think Dana should have to pay, do you?" Freya said patting Rachael's thigh. "No, ma'am. So I get the outfits and honest, I didn't think they would be that short or tight. So I made Dana wear one, so she could pretend to be me and flirt with him. I lost my nerve. I also paid her $50 to do it," Rachael added.  "$50 and she took it? So did this plan work? Did the boy say yes?" Freya asked.  "No, because we got suddenly called to the office before we even got to class. He never saw us. We didn't have time to change and I went to get my coat and that mean Mrs., well the one I called fat, nailed us in the hallway. She yelled at me and told me we were getting another detention and,-" Rachael blurted.  "Another detention? Rachael, when was the first one?" Freya asked sternly.  "Okay, so the first was a lunch detention and then made me change and I had one on Monday, but now it is cancelled I think because of the suspension," Rachael admitted.  "Young lady, you don't feel guilty about disrespecting the adults at school, do you? Is there a little more you want to admit?" Freya pressed.  "I might have forged the detention slip,-" Rachael pointed out.  "Rachael!" Freya said a little louder than she wanted to.  "And deleted an email and maybe like one voicemail," Rachael said now crying.  "Why? Why would you do all that? And I want an honest answer," Freya insisted.  "I didn't want to get in trouble and I didn't want the other kids to know," Rachael sobbed. Freya hugged Rachael and rocked her.  "You are a good kid and a good person. Everyone makes mistakes and does things that are wrong. You know some of the people everyone acts are, perfect people, are the worst. You don't have to let anyone tell you who you are. You know who you are," Freya said wiping her tears away. "But you are still in trouble!"  "You're not mad at me?" Rachael sniffed.  "No, baby, I'm not mad, but you are getting your butt paddled pretty good today," Freya informed her.  "But I just confessed everything!" Rachael tried. "Can you just let this one go and forget everything? I mean if I'm sorry?" Rachael cried a little more and Freya patted her back. "Everything? Your uncle said he gave you two strikes in the car and you girls got into a fist fight. You know if Uncle Kol wasn't missing, you would have gotten a spanking from your Uncle Klaus. But I think he has his hands full today.  You feel a little better?"  Freya smiled. "Yeah, a lot but I think I'm too old to still be getting spanked. And you know Uncle Klaus wouldn't really smack us...The other kids at school don't, they just get yelled at or grounded," Rachael pointed out. "So for all this misbehavior, that's what? Six weeks of being grounded? A month? No phone, no tv, no laptop, no ipad, no mall, no movies, no friends, no....-" Freya listed looking up.  Rachael laughed and sat up, "Okay, fine. Do I have to apologize to the VP again?"  Freya smiled, "I think you know the answer. Hon, didn't you say she was real nice to you and Dana when you new? And that day you forget your lunch? She helped you.  Honey, I don't really believe in making people apologize unless he or she is sorry. I don't like to make people lie. So if you are not sorry, save your empty words. But if you are, you can also show her you are sorry by obeying the school rules and dress code. I am going to have to see these outfits on myself."  Rachael flushed, "No! I can't believe I wore it in public."  "Yep, I need to see what I paid for later. Maybe Mama and I will don them around the house. Do you think we could pull it off?" Freya teased.  "I don't know. Maybe?" Rachael smiled.  They heard the glass doors open.  "It's freezing out here, you two. Get inside," Keeling said shivering.  Freya and Rachael laughed and got up, Freya whispered, "She's right! Now go back to bed. I'm going to fill Mama in and after breakfast, we will have that talk."  Rachael groaned lightly, "You guys always call it a talk, but it's worse worse."  Keelin looked confused, "I missed something. But we love you, Rachael." Freya waited until Rachael left, "Remember how we talked about maybe not spanking them for the suspensions. Wait, until you hear all the shit Rachael did...One spanking may not be enough. Okay, it is 100% not enough."  KitchenElijah was working on lunches in the kitchen when Klaus came in. "Morning, Brother. Remember, Rachael and Dana are suspended so no lunches needed there," Klaus said with resignation.  "Good lord, if Finn and Henrik ever get suspended, I really think that I would...not handle it well.  Say, did you even speak to Tyler last night?" Elijah said carefully cutting the crust off Finn's sandwich with the precision of a surgeon. Sadie came up to Elijah, unlike the kids, Elijah was very strict about her not eating table food.  "Is that really necessary? Anyway, no. He acted like he was sleeping. He's angry because I wouldn't let him explain himself in the car on the way back from his mother's house. Elijah, I don't know what the hell he is up to lately. I feel like I'm losing him," Klaus said letting Sadie out the back door.  "When Marcellus was growing up, Brother, you didn't always handle it well. Remember, just because they are getting older, doesn't mean they won't need you. Tyler might need you now more than ever," Elijah said sincerely.  "I spoke to Sheriff Forbes and she said Caroline is leaning towards moving in her when her time comes. I think the guest house would be perfect for them. Close, but they would also have privacy," Klaus added.  "I agree.  Does Caroline have a due date?" Elijah said now added an orange to each lunch.  "That's healthy. Do they actually eat those? Or just those awful fruit snacks? Umm, I think Keelin said she feels like the pregnancy is accelerating.  Those twins could be half vampire.Caroline needs to eat more meat," Klaus said stealing a piece of roast beef for himself. He went over and made coffee and then got them both a blood bag.  Elijah took it with thanks, "Why don't you just keep Tyler home today? Have a long talk with him. Walk him over to the guest house. Show him around.  Or show him how Davina's old room could become a suite with a nursery."  "I'll see if he is speaking to me, but I like that idea. I'm surprised you approve of him missing school," Klaus pointed out. "Well, he probably would have been suspended for skipping if you and the Mayor hadn't covered for him. Niklaus, you need to find out what he was doing with his Uncle Mason. I'm not sure we can trust that guy. Also, do you think Kol is really okay?" Elijah said looking anxiously at the doorway.  "Kol never gets up this early. No, I think all these memories triggered his rage about me daggering him and Elijah, he's well within his rights to be angry. I took centuries from him. Decades from Rebekah and years from you. I had no right," Klaus said with quiet determination.  Elijah put down the last lunch and came to the other side of the island.  "Niklaus, do not forget that Father was hunting us. When Kol was on his murderous rampages, we could not tame him! He put us all at risk. With Rebekah getting the dagger for half a century, that was Marcel's choice. She forgave him, now forgive yourself. As to me, I forgave you long ago. I can speak to Kol, if you want. It's easy for him to forget the times he decapitated 89 people and burned down a city block because he was bored on a rainy afternoon. I mean, you, Rebekah, and I were no better some years, but never for as long or as bloody. I can remind him of that," Elijah said firmly.  "Please don't. Just let me bear the brunt of this one. I-I just don't want him more hurt," Klaus stammered.  "Fine, but if this escalates, I will go to Freya and have her deal with both of you. Just because I cannot discipline you myself does not mean I will allow you to descend into despair over things you cannot control. Do you hear me, Niklaus?" Elijah asked sternly.  "Yes, Elijah. There is no need to trouble our eldest sister over this, I assure you," Klaus reasoned.  "Fine. Now, could you get the boys down here, please?" Elijah said with amusement at Klaus' troubled face.  His brother could face an army of supernaturals with relish, but one witch with a wooden spoon and the Hybrid turned to jelly before his very eyes.  "I know what you are thinking, Brother! I'm not afraid of her," Klaus called as her went upstairs.  "I'll ask her to make you some muffins today. The ones with extra bran!" Elijah snickered.  Older Boys' Bedroom "Lads, time for school!" Klaus said knocking on the door. He was pleased to find all of them awake except Erik.  "Morning, Dad!" Matt said fully dressed and heading downstairs.  "Hi Uncle Klaus," Kai said pulling on his jeans and starting to spray himself with Axe. Connor started to cough and took the Axe and put it in his back pocket and vamped away. Tyler was in the bathroom showering and Jeremy was in the other bathroom brushing his teeth.  "Erik, sweetheart, get up," Klaus said touching Erik's forehead.  "Dad?" Erik said sleepily.  "Yes, my son?" Klaus said sitting on the side of his bed. "I had a bad dream," Erik said sadly. "Connor and I were back in that hotel where we used to live and you didn't want us anymore. I was looking for you and I couldn't find you."  "Come here, that would never happen," Klaus said as he pulled Erik to him. "I'm sorry."  "You didn't do anything," Erik whispered.  "I haven't spent enough time with you. How about we work on the tree house this weekend? We can go to Lowe's again and get the other supplies, okay?" Klaus suggested.  "Really?" Erik said happily.  "Of course, my boy. Now go get ready because you miss your shower and have to cover your body odor with that horrific body spray!" Klaus joked.  "I took a shower last night," Erik laughed, letting the dream drift away.  "Well, still wear deodorant. And Son? You do know how much I love you, right?" Klaus said huskily, as he kissed Erik on the head.  "Yeah, I love you, too," Erik said without embarrassment. It had taken months but Klaus realized that Erik didn't pull back or blush when he was shown affection anymore. Klaus pushed back his hair. "Comb your hair, too. Or your brother will say something," Klaus smiled.  "Oh, he will anyway," Erik said referring to Connor's teasing about his longer hair.  Klaus met Tyler coming out of the bathroom in a robe as he crossed the living room area.  "Dad?" Tyler said in surprise.  "Tyler, hey, I was thinking. Um, you want to stay home from school today? We can sit down and talk and maybe take a look at the guest house," Klaus said casually.  Tyler flushed, "I can't. Sorry, I have a big math test today and my group in psych is presenting so..."  "That's okay," Klaus said lightly. "It was just a thought. You come right home, though. We still need to talk about yesterday. And you do not leave that school without permission."  Tyler looked ashamed, "I won't. Sorry about last night. I shouldn't have pretended to be asleep. That was childish."  Klaus nodded, "It's okay, Son. I was a little too upset to discuss everything with you in the car yesterday. I think it's better for us to discuss everything when we're both calmer anyway. This latest incident doesn't just involve me, but your mother and your uncle."  "I know," Tyler said. "I better got ready. Talk tonight?"  "Of course. I love you, Tyler," Klaus said standing there as Tyler walked past. Tyler came back and said, "Me, too. Sorry you have such a jerk for a son."  Klaus pulled him into a hug, "Don't say that. That's not true. Now go get ready."  Older Girls' RoomJo watched her sisters model the outfits.  "Whoa, those are like sex outfits or something!" Jo giggled.  "Well, Rachael was trying to get a date. Instead, we both get suspended," Dana scoffed.  Keelin and Freya came in, and Keelin asked, "Oh sweetheart, that little vacation is the least of your worries right now."  Jo said, "Ah, I think that is my cue to leave. Kids are in the playroom?"  Freya smiled, "Yup, thanks, honey. I swear we are getting you are registered for school today. No matter what."  "That's fine," Jo smiled. She made a knife against her throat slashing motion to her younger twin sisters when their moms looked away.  "So, these are the outfits?" Keelin said with wide eyes. The blue and green plaid shirts barely covered the girls' backsides. The blouses were tight and revealing and the knee socks were white.  "I mean, you girls look good, but yeah, I think these are totally inappropriate," Freya cringed.  "So we talked and Dana, you are much less culpable here. Mom is going to punish you and I'm going to take care of Rachael.  After, you can come down and start the assignments you are missing. We called the school and Vanessa is going to go pick up your work," Keelin said.  Rachael whined, "I don't even know what 'culpable' means."  "It means that Dana did do the credit card thing, the lying about the detentions, the forgery, and all that. So you, are going to be getting an extra spanking tonight for those things from Mom," Keelin said firmly daring her to argue.  "Yes, Ma. I screwed up," Rachael said smoothing down her skirt as she stood.  Freya said softly, "Hon, we're really proud of you for owning up. Everyone screws up sometimes, but not everyone has the character to admit. Is there anything else you guys want to talk about or come clean about before we take care of this?"  Dana pushed back her red braids, "I guess we were kind of a handful in the car with Uncle Klaus. He was freaking about Uncle Kol and we didn't help."  Keelin said, "Sweetie, you can talk to him about that. Uncle Klaus does a lot for all of us. He doesn't deserve to be treated that way, does he?" Both girls said, "No, ma'am."  Freya said, "We are going to use the spray salve, so go ahead and use the bathroom now." Both twins groaned and went to try to use the bathroom. Freya produced a spray bottle and grabbed the beach paddle of the dresser drawer. She handed it to Keelin and got the ping pong paddle from the side table in the sitting area.  "This should do for Dana, huh?" Freya said.  "Yeah, that thing does sting, though," Keelin recalled.  "Oh yeah, I guess you know from personal experience," Freya joked.  "Sadly, more than once. Or twice. You know, now that I think of it our school uniform wasn't much different from theirs except the skirts were slightly longer," Keelin whispered.  "I want to see that!" Freya grinned.  "I cannot wedge myself in that skirt," Keelin said incredulously.  "Bullshit. Yes, you can!" Freya retorted.  "Only if you do," Keelin mouthed.  "You're on," Freya mouthed with an eye roll.  Keelin held up the paddle and said, "Watch it!"  Freya laughed and started to ask what she meant when the girls returned.  Freya cleared her throat, "Dana, over here. Mama will do your salve, Rachael."  Freya pulled Dana over her lap and peeled down her underwear and sprayed her white backside with a coating of salve. She tossed it to her wife.  "I'm going to let that dry. You want to tell me what you did wrong," Freya asked calmly. After the salve dried, Freya pulled up Dana's underwear and rested her hand on the cotton. She patted the seat of her underwear lightly for a moment as she waited for her daughter to answer. Dana huffed, "I listened to Rachael's stupid plan and wore this dumb outfit when I knew it was a bad idea. Then, I cursed and said the f-word in the car and got into a fist fight with Rachael."  Freya replied, "Honey, you know better than to do all those things. This is just a little reminder for you to follow your instincts to do what is right. Sometimes we have to stand up to those we love, even when it's hard."  Dana braced herself for the first crack of the paddle, but was surprised when her mom's hand whacked her hard. Smack. She heard Rachael's spanking start, too. As a vampire if it weren't for the salve, the first swat would not have hurt. With the salve, it stung. Smack!Smack! Smack! Smack.  Dana felt swats land all over her bottom. Her upper body was on the bed and her feet were still touching the floor. She started to raise up a little as she felt more whacks descend sharply warming her covered behind. Whack! Whack!  "Mom!" Dana shouted out as the hand spanks grew faster and sharper. Whack! Whack! "A little more," Freya said gently. She hated to do this and felt silly spanking Dana while she was still in the scanty schoolgirl outfit. Whack! Whack.  Dana heard Freya say, "Maybe we should have had them change first?"  Keelin said, "It is kind of poetic justice! Time for the paddle?"  "Yep," Freya replied. To Dana, "Okay, hon. Up, panties down and then the paddle. Almost over."  Dana whined a little as Freya bared her bottom, "No, Mom." "Hush, unless you want a bedtime spanking tonight, too. Poor Jo will feel left out," Freya said lightly.  Dana groaned as Freya rested the rough side of the ping pong paddle against her pink cheeks.  "I'm going to get you ten spanks, if you cooperate. If not, I'll spank your butt red tonight. Got it?" Freya said tapping the paddle a little harder.   "Yes, Mom. I'm sorry," Dana squeaked.  Pop! Pop! Pop! Freya smacked Dana firmly on each cheek and then across both.  Pop! Pop! Pop! Dana wiggled but managed to mostly stay in place.  Pop! Pop! Pop! Dana kicked and grabbed fists of her comforter as to not reach back and protect her now bare behind. It just burned too much to stay still.  "One more," Freya said raising her hand higher to bring down the last smack across both cheeks.POP!  Dana cried in relief that it was over. Her behind was aflame but she knew Rachael was getting it worse with the beach paddle. Then again, Dana thought that this was Rachael's fault. Freya rubbed Dana's back and then cuddled her. Dana couldn't help but looking over and seeing Rachael's paddling as it progressed. Freya noticed and put Dana face down in the bed to rest. She cracked her on the still bare bottom and told her to close her eyes or she'd continue her spanking. She didn't really want her watching Rachael's punishment.  Keelin had Rachael over her left knee and pinned down her legs with her right leg. Rachael's behind was a solid pink and Keelin was swatting her lightly with the large, round wooden paddle. She knew it stung mightily and was going easy.  Rachael had a lot of guilt to release, but she was stubborn. "What happens when you misbehave at school and get suspended?" Keelin prompted.  Rachael smarted off, "I have to stay home." Thud. Thud.  "Owwww. S-Sorrry, I get paddled like a baby, I guess!" Rachael howled.  "You get a spanking because you can do better. We know you can. You are smart and capable. We love you," Keelin lectured as she tapped the bottom in front of her twice and then popped each cheek twice. Pop! Pop! "Ahhhh. Stop it, Mama," Rachael begged as Keelin began to talk less and swat more. Whack. Whack! Whack Whack.  "Did you really think you were going to get away with this, young lady?" Keelin asked. Pop! Pop.Rachael screamed, "Yes! We were going to compel the teachers!"  Freya and Keelin were both alarmed, Keelin said, "What? Oh honey, you weren't! You know better. Half the town is on vervain and that is get plain wrong." Pop! Pop! Keelin paddled Rachael a few more times and then tossed the paddle aside. Pop! Pop! "I know!" Rachael shouted through her tears, she was kicking and pounding her fists on the bed. "Well, anytime you even think of behaving like this again, you can know you are going to get a good spanking. I don't care if you are 14 or 40!" Keeling said bringing the flat of her hand down on Rachael's sit spots. Smack! Smack!  "Arggggg, Nooooo, Mammma. please," Rachael kicked and squirmed frantically.   Smack. Smack. Keelin continued the spanking until Rachael's behind was a bright red. Freya pulled out a second tube of salve and coated Dana's bare behind with it.  Rachael sobbed, "I'm sorry. Please forgive me!"  "Of course, we do, baby. Shh, it's over. All forgiven and you are never going to do anything this silly again," Keelin said rubbing Rachael's back in circles.  Freya left the soothing salve on the bed for Keelin to use when Rachael settled down. It was a new recipe she had been working on.  "All done, sweetie," Keelin said as she pulled Rachael in for a hug. Rachael was kneeling so her sore behind wasn't resting on Keelin's knees.  "Mama's going to put a new salve Mom made for you. You got a hard spanking, but it's all over now," Keelin soothed. She hoped she hadn't spanked Rachael too hard. She gently applied the salve but Rachael still hissed when it touched her burning cheeks.  "Is that better?" Keelin asked.  "Yes, thanks. Sorry," Rachael repeated.  "Honey, is that everything?" Keelin inquired.  "Yes," Rachael hiccuped as Keeling pulled her underwear back up carefully.  "Then, let's talk about you getting in all this trouble over this boy," Keelin said slowly.  Rachael laughed, "I realized I didn't even like him that much. I guess it was just the challenge. We were texting last night and we're just going to go as friends."  "It sounds like it worked out. The compelling the teachers? Has it happened before?" Keelin asked.  Rachael nodded, "Once. I made Mr. Morris quack like a duck but it was only me in the room. I felt bad."  "If we hear about it again, you are going to get spanked, grounded, and lose your phone for a week. The triad, you hear. And I mean spanked every day. Is that too harsh, Mom?" Keelin asked.  "Not at all, can I add with my big wooden spoon? Girls, compulsion can be very dangerous. It is nothing to play with. We love both of you so much, but we also can't let you hurt other people. Now, do us a favor and change out of the costume, please. Toss them in the laundry. Get dressed and then homework. If you finish, you can help me in the lab later," Freya said kissing them both on the cheek.  "We really don't like doing that," Keelin admitted, "but we will do what it takes to keep you guys on the right path."  "Do I really have to get a bedtime spanking?" Rachael asked rubbing her sore butt through her underwear. She shifted from foot to foot, but the sting was still intense. She couldn't imagine facing another spanking tonight. "Hon, you are lucky you aren't getting the belt or even a switching after all the things you did. But we're not going to go there right now. Now, no more whining. Do as Mom asked," Keelin said firmly.  "Come down after you are dressed. Love you," Freya said shutting the door.  Keelin was troubled, "Do we believe her? Babe, I'm scared. What if they have been compelling people at school?"  "I know, Keelin. I know we agreed not to ever use a belt on any of them, but Rachael's eyes got as wide as saucers when you mentioned that. God, what are we going to do?" Freya worried.  "I just don't want them to be afraid of us or hate us, but I just don't know if I can believe that she compelled one teacher and never did it again. Can Ric dose the faculty coffee pot with vervain?" Keelin asked.  "That's actually not a bad idea. I wonder if Tyler and the other kids are pulling this same shit? I think we need a family meeting.  When the girls were fighting in the car, I know Niklaus was tempted to pull over, but didn't feel comfortable threatening to spank them. I think if you are okay with it, the kids need to be clear that any adult can give them a consequence if they are acting up. There are just too many kids running a muck for us to not discipline the ones who aren't 'ours," Freya suggested.  "Fine with me," Keelin said, "There is no one in this house I wouldn't trust. I mean, I don't think any of them would go overboard. Maybe we need to set some ground rules that we all again on. You know, I don't think any of us are draconian or cruel. I actually love that no one here is a yeller or screamer. I don't like to judge people, but I hate the one some of the parents at the clinic nag and scream at their kids. It seems after a while the kids just tune it out."  Freya said, "I guess they are probably trying not to smack them and end up yelling. It's tough either way.  I don't want that to become us. God, I can't ever see having to swat little Rosie. I don't think I could. Is that horrible to admit?"  "No, but just like the first time I had them in the bath and Joey grabbed a hold of her hair...I cracked him and he let go. I felt awful, but I had to protect her. Sometimes it really sucks," Keelin said folding Freya in her arms as they got off the elevator on the second floor  "Hey, what did you mean when you said-," Freya started to ask, but stopped when they heard yelling from the playroom. They ran in to find all the kids piled on Jo.  "Jo, are you okay?" Freya asked.  "Ah, I can't really get up!" Jo laughed.  Keelin smiled, "You guys are so heavy that you are squishing your big sister!" Joey and Lucas were rolling around on the mat. Liv was trying to show Rosie how to tickle Jo. She jumped up to see her mothers happily and asked for chocolate milk.  "Well, it's about lunch time. Let's give Jo a break and then get everyone a school," Freya suggested.  Joey tried to tackle Freya's leg. Lucas then tackled Keelin and she pretended to fall. Elijah came in with a big tray of food to find them all still rolling on the floor, except Jo who was looking for her earring.  "Lunch, if you can get up somewhat!" Elijah smiled. Vanessa came in with a tray of sippy cups and a regular glass of iced tea for Jo.  Vanessa distributed the drinks and asked how it went with the girls.  "Rachael admitted she compelled a teacher at school," Keelin shared.  Vanessa frowned, "Who?"  "A Mr. Morris?" Freya chimed in.  "Oh, he's a kind of a goof to start with, but that's not good," Vanessa went on.  Elijah paused in handing out the food, "Young vampires are going to test their power. Unless you want one of us to compel them not to compel, it's going to happen from time to time."  Keelin was surprised, "I thought you would be furious."  Elijah winced, "Honestly, it's good practice for them.  I agree they shouldn't do it for causal reasons, but it can really come in handy in a pinch."  Freya shrugged, "Okay, that makes me feel a little better. Hey, can we have a family meeting about the kids soon? Just to get everyone on the same page." Keelin explained what they talked about.  "Sure. It's a good idea. We could even have a Google Doc for the family of all the doctor's appointments, sports, activities, field trips, meetings, and if anyone is on restriction and for how long," Elijah suggested.  "Isn't there a calendar that we could sync? Our office manager uses that at work," Keelin added.  "Speaking of, don't you go back soon?" Vanessa asked.  "Yeah, I have a shift on Saturday. It's going to be rough," Keelin said.  "On all of us," Freya agreed. As she helped Rosie by cutting her grapes in half, Elijah looked confused.  Keelin explained, "Just to avoid a choking hazard, we just cut them in half. Just for the little ones."  "Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't know," Elijah said.  "Hey, there's a first aid course offered at my clinic, if anyone is interested. Just basic first aid," Keelin said.  "We should all take it, "Elijah immediately said. "With all the humans around, vampire blood can't help everything. Good idea!" 
  
    Chapter Text
    “To me, the thing that is worse than death is betrayal. You see, I could conceive death, but I could not conceive betrayal.” – Malcolm X Mystic Falls, VirginiaMikaelson MansionThursday, February  3, 201111:19am "There you are, Brother," Rebekah said finding Kol staring out the glass door into the backyard in the kitchen. "Why so glum?"  "I was just thinking about how someday...Sadie is going to die. She's kinda my best friend," Kol said as that caught in his throat.  "Oh Kol, we're never really had any pets before. Well, Nik had that damn horse in Spain he loved that Father killed. But as kids, I suppose pets didn't exist," Rebekah mused.  "I always liked the pigs, but around festival time and yule, it was bye bye, Wilbur!" Kol revealed.  "What's really bothering you?" Rebekah said. Kol looked at her sharply and she realized that she had spoken in Old Norse. She was thinking about the pig pen, too. How she hated that smell. Farm life was never for her, but she didn't know any different then. "Was it really 98 years ago that our brother killed my girl and then whipped me raw for what? Her siphoning Marcellus? Elijah, too. They had no mercy on me that night...you were the only one who cared," Kol said slowly.  "Kol, when I found they got that witch to tamper with your mind, I was livid. But I allowed it, too. I didn't know what to do. That week after, you scared us all. You weren't yourself. Maybe it was the curse, maybe it was the siphoning, or the shock,-" Rebekah defended.  "Or maybe it was the betrayal? You know, Nik was always so terrified of Father. He was Father to me that night. And Elijah, he held me down. My noble, older brother...he chose to help Nik rather than help me. God forbid they would have listened to the girl. She was trying to save her mother!" Kol explained. "I am surprised Nik didn't dagger me that very night. Maybe it would have been better if he had?"  "We know that now, that the witch wasn't as evil as we thought, but at the time, tensions were high. The witch children were missing...Oh hell, Kol, I cannot defend them. I am sick of defending them. The years we spent in a box because we disappointed NIk, we'll never get that back. I tell Marcel that I've forgiven him, but I think that I won't marry him to punish him for choosing his precious Papa over me," Rebekah said bitterly.  "You could have turned him yourself," Kol agreed.  "But I was not the one who found him in that orchard after Nik tossed Emil to his death, was I? Sorry, Kol. You suffered more than I have. I let it go, really," Rebekah said with false confidence.  "Don't lie, Sister," Kol said as he let Sadie back in.  "Maybe that is why he was so quick to dagger you, Kol. You always told it like it was. You reminded them that deep down, we are the monsters we fear we are," Rebekah whispered.  "What should I do, Sister? I am not sure I can forgive this time. I am not sure I can plaster the smile on my face and dissolve into mirth. Where do I go?" Kol said leaning down to adjust Sadie's collar.  Rebekah nodded, "Freya. She's the only one who can help. Let her give you counsel.  If you can't say here, come home with me to New Orleans."  "But Davina?" Kol said questioningly.  "Kol, the Compound is your home as much as it is mine. Promise me that you won't run off again, like you did when you started making dark objects. I can't chase you to Arabia," Rebekah smiled  "I never made a dark object, I can't. But I did have others do my bidding. Where are the daggers?" Kol said in a hush.  "I don't know. I suppose he hid them. Or Elijah has them hidden," Rebekah added nervously.  "If I am to stay, they must be destroyed forever. I cannot live with this shadow over me anymore," Kol admitted.  "Go to Freya. I will come with you," Rebekah said.  "She and Keelin went to get the kids enrolled in school. I've been trying to keep my distance and stay calm," Kol said.  Dana came in the kitchen, "Hey, we just came to get a blood bag and maybe some chips." Her red hair was out of it's normal braids and in a ponytail. She had an oversized sweatshirt on and shorts.  "Want me to make you something, sweetheart?" Rebekah offered.  "A bloody Mary?" Dana quipped.  Kol snickered, "This one wants another hiding, eh?"  Dana looked shocked, "No 'this one' does not, thank you very much. Better get my homework done, though." "Davina, needs to be back in school, too," Rebekah cringed.  "Expelled?" Kol grinned. "Did Marcel have a heart attack?"  "Kol, it's not funny. He's very upset. I am sure part of it is this curse," Rebekah went on.  Kol nodded, "Of course. Well, let's keep our previous conversation private. I will speak to Freya. Elijah and Nik's words just mean nothing to me at this point." Rebekah nodded, "They do love you so. I don't know why they have hurt you so much." "I guess I just bring out the bloody worse in them," Kol scoffed.  "There you two are," Elijah said going to the refrigerator. "Ready for lunch?"  "Sure, if you're cooking," Kol smiled.  "I'm going to go see what Davina is up to. We may hit the mall before we fly back tomorrow. Get pedicures," Rebekah said giving Kol a conspiratorial look.  Kol winked and made his expression blank as Elijah began to make grilled cheese.  "Freya texted that they would be back soon. This is something the kids seem to like," Elijah explained.  "Oh," Kol said simply. "Well, if they like it..."  Elijah dropped what he was doing, "I know you are angry, Kol. It's alright. You don't have to pretend with me."  Kol said, "I wish I did not have reason to be."  "You do, Brother," Elijah said wearily. "I am sorry for everything. I wish I could go back and re-do so many damn things. But I can't.  All I can give you are meaningless apologies." "No, Elijah. You can give me the daggers. All of them," Kol said simply.  "I don't even know where he keeps them! You think he tells me everything. He doesn't," Elijah spat.  "You know more than you think," Kol prompted. "Niklaus is planning on making more hybrids. Did you know that?  He even has Katerina pretend to be Jeremy's sister, the other doppelgänger.  He'll never give us the daggers," Elijah said with finality.  "He has to or I'm gone," Kol said bluntly.  "No, Kol, please. Don't do this," Elijah begged.  "I can't fear him anymore. Don't you see? He could do it again to me. Every time he has daggered me, I had no defense. No one would stop him, not you, not Bex, not Marcel," Kol concluded.  "You are wrong, Brother. Freya would stop him," Elijah said sincerely. "I lack the strength, but she does not."  Kol thought, "Perhaps you are right. If so, Freya may be able to get Nik to give up the daggers. I mean it, Elijah. If not, I am gone for good."  "But the children would be heartbroken. I would be heartbroken. Niklaus would be bereft," Elijah insisted.  "I would hate to miss them grow up, too. But better to see them only at holidays that to wake up in a century when everyone you know is dead. Can you imagine Elijah? You know my truest friends were always the witches I ran with, every time I got the dagger, I never saw any of them again. Dead long before. You wake up in an alien land. New clothes, new works, new everything. It is terrifying. You don't fit in. I can't go through it again," Kol confessed.  "Niklaus is not going to dagger you. You were the wronged party. Why are you falling into this paranoia?" Elijah whispered.  "I guess because I am happy here. That's the cruelest blow when you are cheated out of that happiness-again," Kol said in a solemn voice.  "Kol, I will not ask you to forgive me, but just that you believe that I will do everything in my power to get you those daggers to destroy. With the boys being so young, the thought of leaving them and waking up when they are gone is horrifying," Elijah said slowly going back to the grilled cheese.  "Aye, it is," Kol agreed.  "Let's speak to Freya and then Niklaus. A true family meeting, but this one, just us," Elijah said in a serious tone.  "Just us, then. And Brother, give me your word that you will not stand idly by every again while someone sinks a blade into my heart," Kol asked.  Elijah stopped again and came over to Kol, "I swear it on the life of my wife, my children, and my self that I will never let anyone dagger you ever again. Even if I have to jump in front of the blade myself! Do you understand?" Elijah grabbed Kol by the arms and shook him.  "Aye, I do. Thank you, Elijah. I believe you," Kol said softly. Elijah wanted to embrace him, but he could tell Kol was still tense, wary.  "Kol," Elijah said releasing him.  "I need time, Elijah. Please," Kol said walking back up to his quarters.  "Gammel kjærleik rustar ikkje," Elijah said to himself so deep in thought he didn't hear Davina behind him.  "Uncle Elijah are you speaking in tongues?" Davina giggled.  "No, young lady. I said 'Old love does not corrode," Elijah smiled. "Do you like grilled cheese?"  "Yeah, I guess," Davina said. "I'm going to go hang with the twins until they are done, k?" Davina walked away before Elijah could chide her not to interrupt their school work. He made the grilled cheese dutifully and then brought them out to serve on the dining room table.  After SchoolGarageTyler was depressed. Caroline was getting bigger every day. He could hear the babies' hearts beating now when he was with her and it scared him. What boy his age wanted to be a dad? He could barely get through a week without screwing up his own life, now he was going to have two more lives to mess with. He just was not ready for what was coming.  Tyler let Matt drive the SUV home and leaned his head against the window. When they pulled in the garage, the rest of the teens got out, but Matt stayed to talk to the boy he considered his brother and his best friend.  "Chill out, man. You're bringing me down. Are you going to tell me what the hell you were up to with your uncle?" Matt pressed.  "No, I have to um, talk to Dad right now," Tyler said glumly.  "Ty, Dad's just worried about you. You know that day they couldn't find Uncle Kol and you were missing, he wasn't mad, just like concerned," Matt informed him.  "I know. It was bad timing, for sure," Tyler admitted.  "I'm here if you want to talk, okay," Matt said pushing him on the shoulder.  "Thanks, bro," Tyler grunted as he got out of the car and headed for the kitchen. He passed through and knocked on his dad's room on the second floor. Tyler kind of missed being on the same floor as Klaus, but everything was different now. Klaus and Cami's SuiteSecond Floor Cami answered the door. "Hi Tyler, um, your dad is just taking a quick shower," Cami said politely. "It's okay, I'll come back," Tyler said quickly.  "No, um, he asked me to tell you to have a seat," Camil smiled. She sat, too.  "Is this some informal therapy session?" Tyler asked bluntly.  "What? Hey, no, I just thought we could talk. You know that I am your step mom now. We have have a conversation once in a while," Camil laughed.  Tyler flushed in embarrassment at his rudeness, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean for that to come out like that. How are you feeling?"  "Tired, a lot. The weird cravings went away mostly. Did Caroline have those?" Cami asked.  "What? Cravings? Yeah, like chocolate and I think almonds, which is weird because she hates nuts," Tyler smiled.  "Someone told me that sweet cravings mean a girl and salty a boy, mine were mostly pickles. Old wives' tales. I don't really believe in that stuff," Cami admitted.  "But you are married to a hybrid, you know?" Tyler asked lightly.  "What? Your dad is a....hybrid!" Cami said in mock horror.  "Do you ever wish things around here were normal?" Tyler asked hearing the shower turn off.  "No, do you? I mean, I guess for around here, all this is normal," Cami reasoned.  "I guess sometimes I do.  When I first moved here, it was just Jer, Matt, me, and Dad for a while. Then, Uncle Elijah and more and more people. I like that, but also I guess it's hard," Tyler said softly.  "That's understandable. Everyone needs attention, but I also know you have a lot of fun with your siblings and cousins here," Cami suggested.  "Yeah, when we're not getting in trouble," Tyler added. "Or fighting....Or breaking stuff."  "You don't need their help for that," Klaus said coming out of the bathroom. He was dressed in dark pants and a white cotton shirt.  "Hey, Dad," Tyler said bashfully.  "Son, thanks for coming," Klaus said towel drying his hair.  "I'll leave you two to talk," Cami said getting up from the bed.  "Darling, would you stay?" Klaus asked kissing her on the head.  "Dad!" Tyler said in alarm.  "Relax, Son. I mean it, we're just going to talk. Camille is your step mother and I would like her to be a part of this. She loves all of you a great deal," Klaus said sitting beside her.  "Okay," Tyler said softly. He was still a little nervous.  "Can you tell us what was going on with you and Uncle Mason, please? What made you call him and ask him to pick you up?" Klaus asked calmly.  "We've been talking a lot and well, he's been telling me a lot about the Bayou and the wolves out there. You know, how they live. It sounds kind of cool. I was telling him about being a hybrid and...," Tyler glanced at Cami and then back at Klaus.  "It's okay, Son, you can speak in front of her," Klaus encouraged.  "Well, Uncle Mason wants you to turn him into a hybrid," Tyler revealed.  "What? Really? Does he understand what it means?" Klaus asked standing up and pacing.  "Yeah, I told him everything, Dad. He even said he can get the blood of a doppelgänger, he was dating a girl called Kathy. She gave him the idea," Tyler said.  "Kathy? As in Katherine?" Klaus groaned.  "What?" Tyler asked in confusion.  "Son, Elena is the doppelgänger, I already have her blood. That is not the issue. My own siblings would be very nervous if I turned more wolves into hybrids, especially if they are all sired to me. Let me think about this further," Klaus said.  "Am I off the hook?" Tyler asked hopefully. "I told you the truth."  "But you also disobeyed me. Just like I recently told Jeremy when he lied, this really makes it hard for us to trust you. Why did you have to skip out of school to see your uncle?" Klaus inquired.  Tyler exhaled, "I didn't. I just, you know, was kind of going to show up some things I can do at the Quarry. Then, I found out about Uncle Kol and it all went to hell."  "I want you close to home this weekend. We're not going to completely ground you. Mason is welcome to come here if you like. I can give him a call and we can have him over for dinner or to watch the game on Sunday. You can have Caroline over, that's fine. And there is one more thing," Klaus continued.  "My phone?" Tyler huffed.  "I was going to let you keep it until that tone. Hand it over. No, you will go visit your mother and apologize for worrying her. It won't hurt you to have lunch with her once in a while," Klaus said holding out his hand for Tyler's phone. Tyler put it in Klaus' hand. He was biting his lip not to argue.  "My punishment is lunch with my mother? And having my girlfriend over? Ouch," Tyler added.  "Son, you're almost 18 years old. An adult. Like I said no going out with friends this weekend, but you can spend your time with your family. You have a lot going on. I think you and Caroline need to look at the guest house and the third floor and make some decisions," Klaus said gently.  "I understand," Tyler nodded.  "Tyler, we're all here to help. I know this is a tough time, but it can also be a happy time," Cami said her eyes shining. She was radiating with joy and Klaus sat and put his hand over her stomach. Tyler knew he was listening to the heartbeat. He felt a moment of anxiety.  "Dad, Caroline is going to call and I won't have my phone," Tyler said nervously.  "We do have phones that are landlines, you know. You can call her on that," Klaus said.  "Um, I don't have the number," Tyler said sheepishly.  "Fine, here, but I want the phone back before bedtime. I know you don't get enough sleep," Klaus said firmly.  "That is probably true," Tyler admitted checking the phone. "Thanks, Dad. Thanks, Cami."  He left looking down at his missed texts, almost ramming into Connor. Connor knocked on the open door frame, "Ah, sorry to interrupt, but Dad, I have to show you something."  "What is it, Son?" Klaus said in alarm. Connor tossed Klaus his cell phone.  Klaus blurted, "Oh my....who sent this?"  Cami looked, "Is that Rachael? What is she wearing? You can see her butt cheeks!"  "My friend Greg sent it to me. Apparently, somebody at school snapped a picture before we got called to the office. There are sending the picture all over," Connor informed them.  "Well, she was already punished for that, I suppose. I am not sure we can do much about that," Klaus said in resignation.  "No, Dad, look at the next pic. That one's a selfie. She just sent it to him this morning. When she was suspended," Connor said red faced.  Cami looked and flushed, "Whoa, what the hell was she thinking? Freya and Keelin need to see this one."  "Wife, can you handle this? I really don't ever want to see that photo again. Ever!" Klaus confessed.  Connor frowned, "Someone sent it to Kai and he is real upset. Not sure if y'all know this, but my friend Greg is in vo-tech with me, he's like 18! He don't want them pictures and don't know if he could get in trouble or what."  Cami gasped, "The twins are only 14. Klaus, this isn't good. Connor, may I take this to your aunts, please?"  "Yes, ma'am, I ain't no snitch but I don't want them girls gettin' in trouble with the law or truthfully acting like that. It ain't right," Connor affirmed.  "Thank you, Son. You did the right thing," Klaus assured him. "Sometimes that is not easy."  "No, sir. Not at all, I'd reckon," Connor said as his neck burned with shame. 
  
    Chapter Text
    No pairingMystic Falls, VirginiaMikaelson MansionThursday, February  3, 2011EveningGreat RoomElijah began, "I spoke to my guy at the department, Gary. He said that Rachael could be charged for transmission of child pornography for the one picture that displayed nudity.-"  "But it was her picture!" Freya defended.  Elijah shook his head, "Right now, it doesn't matter. There were several other pictures sent that were more revealing and had some nudity, though not total. Those must have been the ones Dana took of Rachael as a joke? Anyway, no need to panic. There is some talk to adapt the law, but a few teens have been charged for sending their own picture electronically. However, as long as Connor's friend did not send it further, it should not be an issue."  "Well, he sent it to Connor," Klaus pointed out.  "Yes, but unless that gets turned into the task force, this should all blow over. Sadly, they are overwhelmed by a large number of these cases. He said that this is the new frontier of cyber crime.  The kids need to know that whatever they transmit, does not go away," Elijah continued.  Keelin stood and paced, "We will talk to the girls again. They are very upset and embarrassed. To them, it was just a prank and nothing serious. They didn't think though that the boy they sent the images to could sent them to others. I know it is long overdue, but Cami helped us arrange for a therapist for them. All of them actually, Kai and Jo included, and the little ones."  Cami stood and reassured her by putting an arm around her gently, "They will evaluate them at the center and get them the services, if they need them. It's a new era out there and it looks like we need to be on top of this stuff, too."  Cami had arranged for her office to see the family as soon as possible. Typically, it took months to get in for an evaluation. Vanessa agreed, "Even the younger kids on the iPads. I was sitting with Henrik and some odd videos were popping up on his feed. That monitoring software is not enough. Not that that compares with all this with the girls. High schoolers are so impulsive. They just don't think through things."  Elijah frowned, "I agree. Remember, how I read that brain book? Everyone should read it, it was an eye opener. Their brains aren't fully formed until they are 25. Now, with some of these teen becoming vampires, it seems to throw all that into overdrive. Anyway, I will look into a better security system for the web. Gary said he checks his kids' phones constantly and doesn't let them on My Space or Spacebook even." "Facebook," Rebekah corrected with a smile. "Davina is on it, thanks to her friend Josh. That's the only reason I have an account. And I'll thank you for not mentioning my forever 16 year old brain. Becoming a mum of a 15 year old has aged me faster than anything else in history. I'm getting gray hairs." "I doubt that, dear Sister.  As to the electronics, they are not going away anytime soon. To think, they used to worry about romance novels and jazz music corrupting the youth. We are not well-versed in these things. I guess we have to do better. We got the electronic calendar going and the chore/activity chart online, but now we need to make sure the kids are safe in the house," Elijah lectured. "It will need to be a group effort on all of our parts."  Freya argued, "I think this was just a one time thing. The girls promised they wouldn't do it again. We banned them from electronics for a week. Honestly, we were just afraid they would do something else because they are so upset."  Rebekah spoke up, "I think this type of stuff is the new thing, Sister. I am not sure we can stop it. They just need to realize that what they do online has consequences and that they are not anonymous. The other problem is that they are so much better at this stuff than we are."  Klaus agreed, "We will have to be more vigilant. I think one thing to remember is that we need the kids to feel free to come to us if they need to. Elijah, look into your new security, but you know I will not violate my boys' privacy. I trust them. After all, Connor came to me about this."  Vanessa interjected, "Klaus, I agree. But, there is a big difference between your boys and ours. I just feel like we can't trust the younger ones to know when they see something inappropriate, or if they do, it's already too late. Once they have seen something, you can't unring that bell." Elijah stepped over and put a light hand on Vanessa and smiled, "We just want to keep their innocence and let them be children for as long as possible. Finn and Henrik have forgotten their former lives completely now. Henrik still believes in Santa Claus, though Finn has deep suspicions."  "Yes, of course," Klaus said kindly. "As to the other things you wanted to speak of Freya?"  "Keelin and I just want to make sure that everyone is on the same page with us all correcting the kids as needed, when needed. Niklaus, for example, when the girls were fighting in the SUV the other day, please treat them as you would your own. We mean that, we trust all of you," Freya said simply.  Klaus nodded, "Thank you. I was a bit off that morning because of looking for Kol. But in the future, I will be a touch more firm. I don't know where they get this idea that I am afraid to reprimand the girls."  "Penny!" everyone called out. Klaus laughed, "Our little princess is behaving much better, thank you."  Cami cringed, "Well, actually, dear...She got into a little tiff with Liv after school and yelled at her. Liv went to pull her hair, but I got them pulled apart. I talked to them and I think they are friends again, but I did give her an earlier bedtime."  Elijah laughed, "You know I feel like they should all be put to bed at 8pm, but I suppose I am an old man." Vanessa pushed him lightly, "Yeah, because if we did this every night then they will wake up at 4am!"  "Nonsense. They won't! They need more sleep," Elijah defended lightly.  "At any rate, there is something else, Kol is coming back to New Orleans with us," Rebekah said firmly.  "He's going to stay at the Compound until he cools down a little. I've called and told Marcel. We're leaving tonight."  Klaus gasped, "What?"  Elijah stood, "Sister, what do you mean?"  Rebekah looked around, "Ah, Keelin, Vanessa, Cami, would you ah....? I promised Kol that I would keep his reasons mostly quiet. I'm sorry." Rebekah felt awkward, but she could not speak freely around anyone aside from her siblings.  Cami and Vanessa assured her it was fine, Keelin patted Freya and left. "I'll go relieve Jo and Kai from babysitting and check in with the twins."  "Can someone tell me what the hell is going on?" Klaus hissed. His eyes light up orange for a brief moment, but all of his siblings saw it. The wolf in him wanted his pack to be together. Rebekah spat, "He's angry, Niklaus. He's remembered what happened with the witch Ariane. Kol is afraid you are going to dagger him again."  Klaus fumed, "That is ridiculous. That was in 1913, for God's sake... I would never...I promised him that I wouldn't."  Freya said, "Destroy them then. Destroy all of the daggers."  "I would if I could. I don't know where they are. They bloody disappeared after...you lot were undaggered. I gave one to you, Elijah, the one you pulled out of Rebekah, remember?" Klaus said.  Elijah struggled to recall, "It is like my mind has been tampered with. I remember Niklaus giving me the dagger, but then it is a blank. You know I wouldn't forget something like that."  "No, you would not. Then, the daggers pulled out of Finn and Kol were stolen by the traitorous witch, Nicole. I knew she did not have any white oak ash and I supposed I put it out of my mind. That is three. I had to have had one in Elijah, but like he said, I have no memory of it," Klaus admitted.  "Bullocks," Rebekah cursed. "Kol was right to be concerned. Four daggers. They could take us all down, if they had just a small amount of white oak!"  Rebekah plopped back into the arm chair near the fire and sighed heavily.  Elijah heard a sound and vamped toward it, he came back walking in a sheepish Davina. "I think I caught an eavesdropper!"  Rebekah was horrified, "Young lady, this is a private conversation!"  "But Mom, this involves Kol. I might have a guy I like, but that doesn't cancel my love for him. And you could be daggered and hidden away somewhere, too. I want to help. So the daggers need white oak stake to put an Original to sleep, but they are essentially magical. Couldn't we render them useless through magic without having them in front of us to do that?" Davina said desperately.  Freya exclaimed, "Niklaus, why did you get the original daggers from?"  "It was," Klaus confessed, "one of Mother's spells. I found it in her grimoire after..." Klaus looked at Davina and stopped. He did not know if she knew that he had killed their mother.  "It's okay. Dad killed my biological mother to try to save me," Davina shared softly. "You don't have to explain why..."  Klaus went on, "Thank you, Davina. I am not proud of what I did."  Elijah furrowed his brows, "If Mother had that spell then she must have been playing to use it on us."  Rebekah flinched, "She wouldn't have!"  Klaus went on, "I lied to you all. There was a dagger for each one of us. Even Father. They were in her wedding chest. I popped it into the coffin with her body secretly before we burned the house down.  I think she and maybe Ayana were planning on daggering all of us. I never had a witch make the daggers, I just used Mother's."  "So what happened to the other daggers?" Freya asked suddenly.  "Lost over time. Could we destroy them all without having them then? I have the grimoire, her last one," Klaus confessed.  "Of course you do. Niklaus, you always were the cleverest of us all," Elijah said with a measure of pride.  An hour later, Klaus had retrieved Ester's grimoire from his vault and Freya was pouring over the spell.  "This is a complex spell. It will require a bit of study," Freya said without looking up.  "But Kol!" Klaus said.  Rebekah took Davina up to pack and then to fill in with Kol. He was in his quarters packing.  Elijah exhaled, "Let's give him some time. I feel awful, too, Niklaus. But Kol is right about somethings. It wasn't just that time when we jumped to conclusions and punished him unfairly. From the day he was born, all he ever wanted was our attention, love, and respect. We always left him out of our confidence, out of our jokes, and our secrets. I failed him. Often by siding with you."  Klaus stared at the fire, "I know, Elijah, you acted out of guilt because of Father."  "No, that is not why I sided with you, Niklaus. I sided with you, not out of duty, but out of love. Face it, we often left Kol out in the cold. You, with Marcellus, me with business, and then we killed or drove off any witch friends he ever had. We did this to him, Brother. We have to face it or our family can never heal," Elijah said with emotion.  Freya turned from the book, "I think I can destroy the daggers from afar. As the first born daughter, I should have enough power. Mother put a clause in the spell that it needs to be a witch in her bloodline."  Klaus collected himself, "So if the daggers are gone, will Kol come back to us?"  Freya sat next to Klaus, "I believe he will. Marcel also called about the moonlight rings for the wolves in the Bayou. He wants me to try the blood of the pregnant wolf. Let me examine the sky charts, if there is a big enough upcoming event, we could do both spells on one night."  "I am sorry I did not tell you the truth about the daggers. I truly did not know Mother's intentions at the time, I didn't open the coffin until after we fled from the de Martal castle," Klaus said softly.  Elijah scoffed, "I think Mother's intentions were clear. What other secrets have you kept for a thousand years, Brother?"  "Nothing for that long. Maybe the safe room passage isn't the only hidden room in this house," Klaus smiled.  Freya laughed, "Elijah said you enjoy your little surprises. What is it? A secret wine cellar? I mean, we already have a dungeon." "How about I shall reveal the secret when Kol returns to us?" Klaus said.  "I haven't even bloody left," Kol said walking into the Great Room.  Elijah stood, "Rebekah told you, about the daggers.  Our memories were wiped, it could have been Nicole's witches, hell, it could have been the Strix, but Freya will destroy them."  Freya added, "I don't know the timeframe."  Klaus coughed, "I wish you would not do this. I would rather you stay and be angry at me here, then from a far."  Kol smirked, "I am going home. To the Compound. It will be a little odd there with Davina and me apart, but Marcel has a new crop of vampires, he said I can help train."  Klaus was surprised, "You talked to Marcelllus?"  "Texting, Brother. And I am not leaving because I am angry. I am hurt and paranoid. I don't want the children to see me like this. So please, take care of Sadie and tell the kids I said goodbye. I can't do it," Kol said walking away.  Freya shouted, "Kol, don't you dare leave like this. Give me a hug!" Freya threw herself at Kol and kissed his cheek. "Sister, it's just a little while. They do have phones now in New Orleans, you know, lass," Kol joked.  "I know. Call or I will fly down there personally and smack your backside. I mean it. I love you, little Brother," Freya cried.  Klaus and Elijah stood there and watched as Kol turned away. Rebekah came down with Davina and their things a moment later.  "We'll take good care of him," Rebekah promised as she hugged her siblings goodbye. Davina embraced Freya and then scowled at her uncles.  Davina scolded, "He's not a child, you know."  Klaus shook his head, "That's not true. In a way, he is our son. He has been for a long time, as well as our brother. We adore him, you know. Have a good trip." With a last look, they left for New Orleans, the city the Mikaelsons had helped build. Klaus felt his heart ripping apart like it had when Marcel left for the Great War in 1916 or when they had had to dagger Kol in 1919, right before Mikael found them. But he could not think of those times now, it was too painful. Klaus sat down and buried his head in his hands. Elijah gripped Klaus' arm, "Stop, It is going to be alright." Elijah wiped tears of his own away.  Freya took Klaus with her left arm and Elijah with her right, "Come on, Brothers. We have spouses and children to see to. They need us and we need them."  "Indeed, Sister. Like our brother here, you always seem to be right. It is rather annoying," Klaus smiled.  "Wait it, Niklaus. I don't care if you have six children and one on the way, I will still take you to task if you start up," Freya warned with a smile.  "I know, Sister, I know," Klaus said in resignation. And he wouldn't have it any other way.  (TO BE CONTINUED in Part 2)
  