
    Chapter Text
    4TH YEAR
Quidditch is not my favourite sport to watch, I don’t like watching any sport actually. I would rather read a book, but today is different. It is the Quidditch World Cup and it is a weekend away with Ron, Harry, Ginny and the other Weasleys, except Molly. We will be staying in tents and I am so curious if it is very different from the way Muggles do it. Maybe what is even more exciting is that we are traveling by portkey. I have never used one, I did read that some people get sick by traveling that way. Let’s hope I don’t get sick. 
“Hermione, dear, would you like to wake up the boys?” Molly asks and I jerk up. 
I nod and start climbing the stairs with a candle in hand, it is very early and I had to arrive here by a car. Mom and Dad brought me, even if they don’t understand what the sport is. I told them it is like football in the air and it is the World Tournament. 
Of course Ron and Harry are still sleeping.  Thank Merlin they sleep with clothes on!  
“Harry! Harry! Wake up!” I push the candle right in his face. 
“Wh...what? I’m awake!” he sits up. 
He is dripping in sweat. “Are you okay?” I ask carefully. 
“Yes. Bad dream. When did you get here?” he asks as he grabs his glasses from the nightstand. 
“An hour ago. Everybody is awake and getting ready,” I sigh and turn to wake up Ron. 
Drool is dripping from his mouth.  Ew  
“Wake up, Ronald!” I say loudly in his ear. 
He jumps up and pulls the covers with him. “Bloody hell!” 
“Honestly, get dressed! Come on, Ron. Your mother has breakfast ready. Don’t you dare go back to sleep!” I sigh desperately as I walk out of the room. 
 
I walk down the stairs again and join everyone —Except Harry and Ron— at the breakfast table.
“Boys,” Ginny laughs as she joins the breakfast table. 
“You would think that they would hurry for this event, right?” I say as I roll my eyes. 
Ginny starts piling up food on her plate and digs in.  Probably a family trait.  
Eventually we are able to go. It took ages for everybody to get ready and Ron was shouting about losing his sweater, but apparently Molly already added it to his backpack. 
 
Arthur leads us out of the Burrow and we walk for a while until we are met with an old looking man. 
“This is Amos Diggory, everyone,” Arthur introduces us to the man. “He works with me at the Ministry.”
Suddenly a boy falls out of the tree in front of us.  Why was he in a tree?  
“And this strapping young lad must be Cedric, am I right?” Arthur shakes the boy’s hand. 
When I get a good look of the boy, I notice his messy brown hair and that he is tall. I smile and quickly glance at Ginny. She is already smirking back.  If he is going to join us, this might be more fun than I originally thought. I looked up the players of the Quidditch teams and they are all very broad and muscular, nothing wrong with that, but it is not what I prefer. 
 
We walk just behind Cedric, and from where I am, I can see an old boot on top of a clif.
“Come on hurry! We don’t want to miss it!” shouts Amos Diggory. 
I follow their example of grabbing on to the boot and immediately I feel a tugging behind my navel. It feels like we are flying, and I don’t like to fly! A scream escapes my lips and I close my eyes. 
“Let go!” Arthur screams. 
“What?!” I shout back. 
“Let go!” 
I squeeze my eyes tighter and let go, it feels like we are falling hundreds of meters down. We all land face down on the grass, except the adults and Cedric. As I look up I see that Cedric extends his hand towards me. 
“Thank you,” I say, grateful as he pulls me to my feet. 
“Happens to everyone the first time, you will get the hang of it!” he offers as he walks faster to catch up with his father. 
I feel a blush spreading to my cheeks. Ginny bumps my shoulder and together we walk towards the giant field with tents. It is huge, almost the same size of a village. 
 
With a wave Cedric and his father leave, I get a wink from Cedric. We move on towards a normal looking tent, just big enough for two people. Arthur holds open the flap and Fred and George walk in, followed by Ron and Ginny, who pulls me with her. My mouth drops open, the tent is enormous, just like an apartment. It has multiple rooms, a living room and even a full kitchen and a bathroom. Ginny tugs me towards a room and we drop our belongings on the two beds. 
 
“Get out of the kitchen Ron, we are all hungry,” Arthur reprimands. 
“Yeah, get out of the kitchen, ron!” the twins yell together. 
“Feet off the table!” Arthur tells them. 
“Feet off the table!” They both laugh back and ignore his demand. 
As I walk over to join them at the table, I see them both smirking at me. 
“So Mione, you got a wink from a Hufflepuff, things are getting steamy around you,” Fred laughs. 
I shove my elbow in his ribs and laugh. “Nothing wrong with that, he was just being friendly.” 
“He didn’t help me get up,” pouts George. 
“Did you want his help?” retorts Fred. 
I roll my eyes. “Don’t get jealous, he is all yours if any of you want him,” I say laughing. 
No matter how stressed or sad I am, Fred and George can always make me laugh. They feel like my brothers, they tease me just like they do Ginny. 
Harry is still standing in the middle of the room with his mouth hanging open. 
 
After a quick bite to eat we head over to the enormous stadium. We are almost at our seats and it is so high up that I am scared to look down. 
“Blimey dad, how high up are our seats?” Ron asks out of breath. 
A familiar voice responds. “Well, put it this way: if it rains you are the first to know about it.” 
 
I look down and see Lucius Malfoy dressed in black robes, with his long blond hair blowing in the wind behind him. He is lean and tall, yet the way he grips onto his cane shows strength. My eyes move to the boy joining him. Equally blond hair, but shorter, styled in a side part. Dressed in a fitting black suit with a black undershirt. My mouth goes dry as I meet the eyes of Draco Malfoy. His pale grey eyes root me to my spot. I let my eyes travel down his body and they linger at his hands, a ring is placed on one of his fingers. 
“Father and I are in the minister’s box by a personal invitation of Cornelius Fudge himself!” Draco laughs and he has the exact same expression as his father. The Malfoy Sneer. 
“Don’t boast, Draco,” snaps his father and pokes him in the stomach with the cane. “There is no need for that with these people.” 
We are about to walk away but suddenly,  Lucius hits Harry on the hand with the cane. The snake sinks his metal teeth into his flesh. 
“Do enjoy yourself, won’t you?” Lucius says cryptically. “While you can.” 
I pull the snake out of Harry’s hand and shove it back towards Lucius as I give him a sneer of my own. Quickly I let my eyes move to Draco, just to be sure he sees it too.  Don’t mess with my friends.  
 
We find our seats and I push the encounter with the Malfoys towards the back of my mind. Arthur gave us all a pair of Omnioculars to watch the game. You can zoom in and even play back a moment in slow motion! 
The Irish team shoots past us and I can hear the twins and Ron name them all. With magic a Leprechaun dances in the sky. The Bulgarians make it explode as they come into the stadium. An image of Viktor Krum is reflected from the stands. 
The voice of the Minister booms through the stadium and I look for him. Just behind him I can spot the two blond men.  He wasn’t even lying. Bugger.  The Minister sends off a white light to signal the start of the match. 
The match takes three days to complete, each evening it is suspended and restarts at the end of the morning. The evenings are the most fun, people are laughing and partying. Every now and then my eyes dwindle towards the spot where I can just make out the blond men. After the win of Ireland we are walking back towards the tent. Ron is obsessed with Krum and goes on a whole explanation about why he is the best athlete, no, the best  artist  in the world. He is even making it poetic. The twins tease him and wrap him up in the Irish flag, but there is no stopping him. 
Outside there is a lot of commotion and Arthur is looking around. “We need to get out of here!” he shouts and we follow his orders. He gives instructions to Fred and George to get us to the portkey. 
 
It is absolute chaos, everybody is screaming and firing spells. Somebody pulls me along and I stumble. I shout for Harry as I can not see him. Ron is pulling me with him, trying to remember the way to the portkey. 
“Ron we need to go back, we need to get Harry!” I shout. 
This gets his attention as he spins around. “Where is he?” he roars at me. 
“I...I don’t know, I didn’t get a hold of him. Everything just happened so fast,” I exclaim. 
“You should have grabbed him!” he shouts angrily. 
I get pushed over by a group of people and quickly scramble back to my feet. “I tried, Ron. It was just pure chaos.” 
He is glaring at me. “It is your fault if we don’t find him!” he snarls. 
It feels like a slap in my face, he doesn’t try to grab my hand anymore. He just walks away and I follow him. We hide until everyone is gone. 
 
“Harry?” I shout as I look around. “Harry, where are you?” 
We yell and stay together. 
“Hermione?” Harry calls back. 
I am flooded with relief.  Thank Godric he is alive.  I run up to him when suddenly around us men appear and shout a spell. In a reflex I pull both Harry and Ron down to the ground. 
“That is my son!” Arthur shouts and saves us. 
A man keeps his wand pointed at Harry. “Who did it?” he shouts. 
“Did what?” Harry asks. 
“They are just kids, they did not conjure it!” Arthur defends us. 
I look around and the sky is lit with a green skull and a snake. Bile is rising in my throat just by looking at it. I can even feel the power radiating from it, dark and sickening. 
“I didn’t do that. There was a man,” says Harry as he points to a clearing. 
Almost all men run in the direction Harry is pointing. Arthur whispers to the man who is still pointing his wand at Harry. Eventually the man seems satisfied and follows the others while shouting orders. 
Arthur turns to us. “Do you have any idea how dangerous this was!” he shouts. 
“It is all Hermione’s fault, she didn’t grab Harry and when we tried to find him, we couldn’t, until now,” Ron quickly blamed me. 
I don’t know what to say, I did not expect him to still be angry at me.  It is not like I did it on purpose!  
“It’s not her fault, Ron. I was pushed to the ground, she couldn’t possibly get to me without getting herself killed first.” Harry tried to defend me, and I gave him a small smile of gratitude.
Arthur just shakes his head and leads us towards a Portkey. I hate the pulling feeling in my stomach and I don’t manage to catch myself before face planting in the grass in front of the Burrow. 
 
Molly rushes out and hugs us all in turn. While we were away she did the shopping for the new school year. Which happens to start tomorrow. After a quick and busy dinner with all the Weasleys and Harry, I prepare to go to bed. They add a bed in Ginny’s room for each time that I visit. I wish she was my roommate at Hogwarts, she is so funny and I like to talk with her. 
Last thing I do before bed is check my trunk. I check every last item in my little notebook. Everything is packed and I am ready for school. Ginny is already in bed, watching me in silence. 
“Goodnight Ginny,” I yawn and blow out the candle. 
“Hermione?” she responds in the dark after a few minutes. 
I can feel my eyes getting heavy and for a moment I want to ignore her, but my morals kick in. “Yes?” I respond sleepily . 
“How did you feel, seeing the Dark Mark?” she whispers.
I am silent for a moment before I respond. “It was horrible. You could literally feel the magic in the air. The darkness. It was like it could grab hold of you at any second. Really scary.” 
She doesn’t respond and I have trouble falling asleep. 














  
    Chapter Text
    I am happy to be back on the train towards Hogwarts, to be honest, I missed the library over the summer. The smell of old books is the best smell in the world. While I am reading the Daily Prophet and scratching Crookshanks head, Harry and Ron are eating candy from the trolley. Through the window I can already see the school and a bubbly feeling fills my stomach. I am already changed in my robes, the first one of us three to get ready, as always. Walking through the halls feels like coming home. I feel the excitement from all the students buzzing in the air.  The Headmaster is starting his speech for the opening of the year, just as Filch is running in.  Please don’t let there be another troll lose. They whisper for about a minute and Filch is running back. I am almost too distracted to hear what is going to happen.  A TriWizard Tournament? New students join us for the whole year? That is amazing!  “Please join me in welcoming the lovely ladies of the Beauxbatons Academy of Magic and their headmistress, Madame Maxime,” the headmaster announces. The door opens up and girls wearing blue outfits with matching hats walk out. As they walk past, all boys are looking at them. I shake my head and look through the hall, is every boy under their spell? It appears that not every boy is fascinated with them, just as not every girl is looking around. As I let my eyes wander through the hall I stop when I am staring into piercing grey eyes. Draco Malfoy is staring at me.  Why isn’t he staring at the girls? Ron is almost drooling as he watches the butterflies erupt from them. Maybe, Malfoy is not into girls. That could be a possibility.  I feel a blush spreading and look down at my plate.  Did I just figure out a secret nobody knows about, or is it something different?  As they are sitting at their table a lot of people are cheering for them.  Beauxbatons, that is French. Could it be that some of the girls are Veela, or a part of it? They also were present at the World Cup.  “Please greet the proud sons of Durmstrang and their high master Igor Karkaroff,” the headmaster continues. I turn to see men with sticks walking through the doors. They start showing and again I look around the hall.  Why is he looking at me again? Or still?  I quickly move on and watch the new students. “Blimey, it is him! Viktor Krum,” Ron says, shocked as the Quidditch player walks by. If Ron wasn’t drooling by the Beauxbatons, he sure is now. I don’t see what is so special about him, but Ginny sure does. He is a bit old for her, but maybe it is because he plays Quidditch at such a high level.  After all the new students get seated the food appears and the hall is filled with the scent of amazing food. Everyone digs in, it is just as delicious as I remember. Dinner is filled with stories about the summer and we ignore the bad events that happened just a day before. Just before we all start on our deserts, the doors open again and a group of people are carryingin a huge monument.  Why don’t they just use magic to levitate it? The Headmaster walks up to it and casts an amplifier on his voice. Everybody quiets down. “Your attention, please!” he starts off. “I’d like to say a few words. Eternal glory. That is what awaits the student who wins the Triwizard Tournament. But to do this, that student must survive three tasks. Three extremely dangerous tasks. For this reason the ministry seems fit to change a few rules, to explain these rules more we have the head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation, Mr. Bartimeus Crouch.” A man walks up to the Headmaster. Before the man can even start the ceiling starts going crazy. The sounds of thunder verberate on the walls. Some students are ducking under the table in case it is going to hit them or something. With a single spell the ceiling turns back to normal, but it was not the Headmaster who cast it. “Mad-Eye Moody!” exclaims Ron. That makes something click inside my head. “Alastor Moody? The Auror?” I ask. “Auror?” Seamus asks, confused. Clearly he hasn’t looked into possible careers for after Hogwarts. “Dark-wizard catcher,” explains Ron. “Half the cells in Azkaban are filled thanks to him. He’s supposed to be mad as a hatter, though, these days.”Mad-Eye greets the Headmaster and stands toward the side of the hall. Watching over everybody. His fake eye is rolling in its socket. I bet it has magic features on it, maybe he can even watch through solid items. When one of his eyes lands on me a cold shiver runs up my spine. I am not sure if it is the rough appearance he has or if it is something else, but he scares me. He takes a swig of a bottle, and nobody misses it. “What’s that he’s drinking, do you suppose?” Seamus asks. “I don’t know, but I don’t think it’s pumpkin juice,” Harry answers before anyone else can take a guess.  The focus of the hall is redirected to Bartimeus Crouch. “After due consideration the Ministry has concluded that for their own safety no student under the age of seventeen shall be allowed to put forth their name for the Triwizard Tournament. This decision is final,” he announces in his quite high pitched voice. Immediately the Great Hall is filled with the dismay of many students. Fred and George are the loudest of the Gryffindors. They are even hyping people up to yell louder.  Those two are pure chaos.  “That’s rubbish!” is echoed by a lot of Gryffindors and even some students from other houses follow their example. “Silence!” booms the Headmasters voice and everyone obeys within a second. With a wave of his wand the monument melts away, revealing a cup from which blue flames erupt. “The Goblet of Fire. Anyone wishing to submit themselves to the tournament need only write their name upon a piece of parchment and throw it in the flame before this hour on Thursday night,” the Headmaster explains. “Do not do so lightly. If chosen, there’s no turning back.” The warning is clear, people can die during this event. I don’t understand how it is even possible to hold such a dangerous game for students. It is just to show power even if they claim it is to bring together the different schools. They could do so in a different manner, maybe exchanging students like they do in Muggle schools. “As from this moment, the Triwizard Tournament has begun,” finishes the Headmaster. He dismisses us for the night and the rest of the evening is spent in the common room of Gryffindor tower. All the conversations are about the Tournament. I decide that I have heard enough and could use some extra hours of sleep.  I quickly unpack some of my items and get everything ready for tomorrow. Luckily I fall asleep easily and even have to hurry to get breakfast before class. I run towards the Defence Against the Dark Arts class and can just slip in on time. Mad-Eye stands before the class. As I glance around the room I notice that most people are watching him with interest. Maybe I am paranoid but I thought I saw Malfoy quickly looking away from me, but I am not sure. He is now looking straight ahead with a bored expression. I shake my head to clear my mind and focus on the lesson. I take my book, parchment, quill and ink from my back and I am ready to take notes. The way he starts off his lesson is a bit scary and straight to the point. Nobody even dares to ask him a question when he gives the option. “When it comes to the Dark Arts I believe in a practical approach. But first, which of you can tell me how many Unforgivable Curses there are?” he asks. It is silent for a moment, I don’t know if he wants to answer it himself or expects us. I know the answer and decide to tell him. “Three, sir.” “And they are so named?” he asks without giving me a glance. “Because they are unforgivable. The use of any one of them will…” and before I can finish my explanation he cuts me off. “Will earn you a one-way ticket to Azkaban, correct,” he finishes for me. Even the way he writes on the board is aggressive. “The Ministry says you’re too young to see what these curses do. I say different! You need to know what you’re up against! You need to be prepared. You need to find another place to put your chewing gum besides the underside of your desk, Mr. Finnegan!” he snarls with his back to the classroom. 
   It must be that eye! He can really see all around him.  
“Ah no way. the old codger can see out the back of his head,” Seamus sighs softly. A piece of chalk is immediately just flying by his head. “And hear across classrooms!” Everyone is looking between Mad-Eye and Seamus, but nothing more happens. “So which curse shall we see first?” May-Eye asks. “Weasley?” 
   He can’t be serious, he is truly mad. He can’t show those curses in this class room. They are forbidden!  
Slowly Ron rises to look at Mad-Eye. “Well, my dad did tell me about one. The Imperius Curse.”  As Mad-Eye walks back towards the front of the class I get a bad feeling. He casts the Imperius on an animal and with his wand let’s it jump on tables and students. The ones that are not hit with the animal are laughing, while the others scream. It is a venomous kind of spider, able to kill someone within seconds. Ron is already scared of spiders, so this is hell for him. Malfoy is laughing but Mad-Eye moves the spider to land on his face. He screams, like a girl. I watch Mad-Eye and see that he is actually enjoying himself, he is laughing. “What should I have her do next? jump out the window? Drown herself?” he asks but in the end levitates her back. “Scores of witches and wizards have claimed that they only did You-Know-Who’s bidding under the influence of the Imperius Curse.” I quickly look at Malfoy, his mouth is in a tight line and he is looking straight ahead of him. “Another, another,” Mad-Eye encourages Neville raises his hand and stands. “There’s the Cruciatus Curse,” he stutters. Mad-Eye is happy with his answer and invites him towards the front of the class.  He can’t do this! The headmaster must know about this. He should not be teaching here!  “You can’t do that!” I spring up. “This is a teaching moment, Miss Granger!” Mad-Eye sneers. “But this curse is particularly nasty, the torture curse.” Neville joins him in front of the class and the spider is set down on the table. “Crucio,” is hissed and the room is filled with the screeching of the animal. It is heartbreaking to hear. Nobody should endure such pain! Neville should not be watching this. Mad-Eye must know what happened to his parents, they were Aurors too! “Stop it! Stop it!” I scream. “Can’t you see it is bothering him!” The curse is lifted and Mad-Eye walks over to me. He sets down the spider right before me. “Perhaps you could give us the last Unforgivable curse, Miss Granger.” Tears are pooling in my eyes as I shake my head. “No, I won’t” “Say it!” he demands. I remain silent, not trying to look at the spider. “Avada Kedavra!” he shouts and I see the green light flash in front of me. Tears spill over and fall down my cheeks as I look down on the spider. “The Killing Curse. Only one person is known to have survived it and he is sitting in this room,” Mad-Eye explains and walks up to Harry. I watch as he grabs his flask and takes a drink.  He must be drunk. This is unacceptable.  “You overstepped! How dare you show those curses in this room, each one links to a certain student,” I shout, grabbing my belongings and storming out of the classroom.  I go to the library and let my books fall on the table, which creates a loud bang. Anger is coursing through my body and I am rubbing my hands together. The moment I see the Headmaster tonight I will tell him. I have a free period for the next hour, so I can better get some things done. I should prepare more for the next classes of the day. That can’t hurt. I am shuffling my books in the proper order as I hear a cough.  Annoying.  And another cough, again and again.  Can’t that person take a cough drop.  “Granger,” hisses a voice on the other side of the table. I jump up and see Malfoy standing in front of me. “What are you doing here?” I ask. “What did you mean when you said that each curse links a student?” he hisses. “What?” I ask confused. “Tell me,” he sneers and steps closer. “Well, Harry survived the Killing Curse, Neville’s parents endured the Cruciatus Curse and it is no secret that the parents of multiple people have said that they were under the Imperius Curse during the war,” I explain quickly, not thinking of the fact that when I said it the first time I only thought of Lucius Malfoy. He squints his eyes. “Don’t ever talk about me again,” he hisses. “Was that why you came here? Just to say that?” I ask curiously, seems like a lot of time for something like that. He doesn’t respond, but doesn’t leave either. “Tell me I was wrong for speaking up to him. Tell me you truly think it was alright to show those curses in front of us and talk the way he did.” “I don’t care about that,” he says clipped. “You must have an opinion Malfoy,” I push on. He looks me in the eyes. “Let’s just say that it is a nice change to hear you talk back to a teacher like that.” With that said he leaves and I let myself fall in the chair behind me. I focus myself on the upcoming classes and try to stay calm. The rest of the day flies by and I spend the evening with the other Gryffindors in the Great Hall with the Goblet Of Fire. People are adding their names to the Goblet. Each time someone adds their name people clap. Neville sits down next to me with a book. “How are you?” I ask softly. “I’m better now, thank you for asking. How are you?” he asks while reading. “I’m good. What is that book about?” I lean over curiously to see a lot of different plants. “Mad-Eye lent it to me, because I am good at Herbology and this is an advanced book. We had tea after class. He did dismiss everyone quite quickly after you left.” I nod, still not convinced Mad-Eye was a good teacher. The Headmaster was not present at dinner, so I did not have a chance to talk to him yet. The twins run into the room, yelling happily. People are cheering them on and I notice the vials in their hands. “Well, lads, we’ve done it,” Fred says. “Cooked it up just this morning,” George finishes the sentence in their twin like manner. They have made an aging potion. “It’s not going to work,” I laugh at them. Fred sits next to me as George hangs an arm around my shoulders and squeezes himself between Neville and I. “Oh yeah?” Fred starts. “And why is that, Granger?” Georges laughs. I point towards the floor where a white circle is hovering above the ground, around the Goblet. “You see this? This is an Age Line. Drawn by the Headmaster himself.”They both shrug. “So, a genius like Dumbledore couldn’t possibly be fooled by a dodge as pathetically dimwitted as an Aging Potion,” I scoff. “But that’s why it’s so brilliant,” Fred says. “Because it’s so pathetically dimwitted,” George finishes. They stand up and shake the potion. “Ready Fred?” George asks. “Ready George,” Fred confirms. “Bottoms up,” they say in unisan, link their arms and drink the potion.  They jump over the line and in the circle, nothing happens.  They can’t be serious! People clap and they throw in their names. For a second it looks like it is working, but the blue fire starts to crackle and shoots out smaller flames. Two flames hit them and throw them out of the circle. As they land their hair starts to turn grey and they grow a huge beard. They start wrestling on the floor and people are encouraging them more. I can’t contain my laugh.  I told them so!  As everybody is looking at the fight they don’t notice that Viktor Krum has walked in the room and towards the Goblet. I am still sitting in front of the Goblet with my book on my lap, Neville sitting quietly beside me. Viktor walks confidently through the Age Line and drops in his name, all while looking at me with a small smile.  What is that about?  
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    The classes fly by and before I know it we are having dinner again. After dinner they will reveal the candidates for the Triwizard Tournament. A lot of people put their names in the Goblet of Fire and I was pleased to see the twins at breakfast with a few streaks of grey still in their hair. 
 
The conversation at the dinner table is all about the tournament, nobody knows what the tasks will be and people are guessing. Their ideas are outright crazy, there is no way that they would be so dangerous that the candidates could actually get killed! 
I let my eyes wander over all the new students. I must admit that the outfits of the Beauxbatons students are nice, I like the blue color and it is very flowy. The Durmstrang students are always looking like they are angry. I passed Viktor a few times today and he is always followed by a group of girls swooning over him.  Girls want to be with him and boys want to be him.  I kind of pity him, it seems like there is not one moment that he is alone. I would simply go mad. 
My eyes are again trapped by gazing grey eyes.  Why is he staring at me again? This time I try to be bold and don’t look away. I keep observing him. He is sitting at the Slytherin table, his elbow resting on the wood and his head is propped up on his hand. I can see a glint of his ring, I don’t know why, but I am very drawn to his slender hands. 
Today in class I noticed him touching the ring and turning it on his finger. He was staring straight ahead while doing it, so he didn’t notice me watching him. 
That makes this more intimate, we acknowledge that we are both observing each other. I can see his eyes moving up and down slightly. The tables clear out and that snaps him out of his trance. I watch him shake his head a little and look away. He joins his friends in a conversation and turns his head away from me. 
 
The Goblet of Fire is being brought in and the Headmaster stands next to it. “This is the moment we all have been waiting for,” he announces. He stretches out his hand and with a wave all the flames in the Great Hall dim. The blue fire from the Goblet seems to be burning brighter than ever. 
The Headmaster walks toward the Goblet with an outstretched arm and the fire reacts to him. The fire turns a pink hue and spits out a piece of parchment. 
“The Durmstrang champion is Viktor Krum,” he announces. 
The Durmstrang table goes wild, cheering and clapping. Viktor shakes the Headmasters hand and walks towards the Professors table to wait for the other candidates. 
The Goblet emits a pink flame again and the next piece flies out, after the headmaster took the paper, the flame turns blue again. 
“The champion for Beauxbatons is Fleur Delacour.” 
She does the same as Viktor and joins him. I am wondering who will be the champion for Hogwarts, I did watch Cedric enter his name in the Goblet. He is really the only one I know who entered. If he wins it could give Hufflepuff a good name and Hogwarts of course. 
The last piece of parchment flies out and the Headmaster snatches it out of the air. “The Hogwarts champion, Cedric Diggory!” 
We all start clapping and cheering him on as he joins the others. 
 
“Excellent!” the Headmaster roars with his arms spread wide. “We now have our three champions. But in the end, only one will go down in history. Only one will hoist this chalice of champions, this vessel of victory, the Triwizard Cup.” 
The cloth shoots off the cup, revealing its beauty. As I watch the cup I notice Professor Snape starting to look puzzled and stepping forward, towards the Goblet of Fire. The fire is growing bigger and spitting out smaller flames. Just like when Fred and George jumped in and threw in their names.  Oh no! This can’t be happening, it can’t choose one of them to enter as well! Their names must have burned when the Goblet reacted like that yesterday, right?  
The flame turns red and I place my hand over my heart.  This can’t be happening, they are not of age to compete! It is against the rules, but the other rule states that once you are chosen you must compete. The flame spits out another piece of parchment and my heart is thundering out of my chest. 
The headmaster is staring at the name and looking around frantically. His gaze falls to me and I start to shiver.  It can’t be. I did not enter my name. But… what if someone else did or made someone do it. Someone who has been looking at me the whole time. Maybe he wanted to see my reaction. I should not have thought of him in that stupid Dark Arts class, I have made him angry and this is his revenge. Bloody Malfoy, if he did this, I am going to curse him into next week.  
The blood is draining from my face as I watch the Headmaster. 
 
“Harry Potter?” the Headmaster mumbles just loud enough to hear. “Harry Potter?” he yells out, his gaze traveling to the person next to me. 
“Harry, you must go!” I encourage him. 
Guilt is shooting through me, because of the relief I felt when his name was called out and not mine.  How did his name get in that Goblet? Was it Malfoy?  
The Great Hall is silent as we all watch Harry approaching the Headmaster. He hands him the burned parchment and Harry walks towards the room where the others have gathered now. 
People start whispering as he walks by. “He’s a cheat!” somebody calls out. 
I search for Malfoy to see if he is watching me again, but he is following Harry with his eyes. 
“He’s not even seventeen yet!” someone else calls out. 
Malfoy doesn’t say anything, not even to his friends, as he turns, his eyes meet mine. I am not ashamed of glaring at him, this is something he would do. He would put someone's life at risk for his enjoyment. 
 
“What just happened?” I whisper towards Ron. 
“He put his name in the Goblet,” he snarls, annoyed. 
“Harry would not do that!” I defend him. 
“He is the Chosen One, of course he would do that. He does everything to get attention,” he snaps. 

  What is up with Ron? Is he jealous or something… oh no… that is it. He is jealous of Harry. 

“You can’t really think that,” I accuse him. “Harry tries to stay out of the spotlight, he will hate all the attention that he will get with this.” 
“Unbelievable,” Ron scoffs as if I haven’t spoken. “Didn’t even tell me about it. I am supposedly his best friend.” 
“Ronald, listen!” I slam my hand on the table, frustrated. “He is your best friend and immediately you make these assumptions about him. What if someone set him up?” 
He only rolls his eyes and turns his back on me to talk to Seamus. 
“Are you really going to ignore me?” I ask, but it is like talking to a wall. 
 
Frustrated, I squeeze my hands to fists so hard that my nails make little moon shapes in my palm.  What is up with Ron and his insecurities. I need to help Harry get out of this and if he must compete I will do everything in my power to help him win. That is what friends do.  
“I need to go to the library,” I announce to no one in particular. 
It doesn’t even surprise me that nobody looks up or goes with me, everyone is too busy gossiping. 
 
My footsteps echo through the hall as I quickly walk towards the library, I am secretly excited to have a reason to spend even more time there and research new books. I just love learning. 
There is something weird about the echo, like it isn’t just one pair of feet walking, but more like the other pair tries to be in sync with mine. My right hand dangles to my side, slowly I move it in my pocket and grab hold of my wand. I yank it free and spin around. 
“Petrificus Totalus,” I shout and feel the spell shooting out. 
The person paralysis and falls backwards with a thud. 
“Malfoy?” I ask shocked as I register the blond hair. 
 
I bow over him and look closely at him. His face doesn’t have the signature scowl on it or a sneer even.  He is very handsome when he is not looking so angry all the time. He actually looks shocked and can’t move while I observe his face. The sharp jawline, his blond hair that falls in whisps on his forehead, almost in his eyes and then those piercing grey eyes. Watching me, observing me and not being able to hide it. 
“Finite,” I whisper and watch him struggle to stand up. 
He is so much taller than me, but I expect his expression to change back to one of his normal ones, but he doesn’t. He keeps looking at me. 
“Are you okay?” he asks. 
“What?” I blurt like I am stupid. 
“You walked out of the Great Hall and I thought you must be upset that Potter’s name was put in,” he shrugs and avoids my eyes now. 
“Harry did not enter, he is being set up. I need to find a way to help him, seeing as Ronald is of no use,” I say exasperated. 
“Is he ever of use?” Malfoy asks with a raised brow. 
I snort, very uncharming. “Academically? No,” I admit. 
“With a wand, I guess also no, since my reflexes as a Seeker didn’t even give me a chance to put up a shield against you,” he laughs softly. 
“I just took you by surprise and I didn’t know it was you,” I laugh back, but I am secretly pleased with his compliment.  What… Malfoy gave me a complement. Me? Why? He laughed, he smiled, he hasn’t said one mean thing to me. What is going one?  
“Would you even paralyse Longbottom?” he teases. 

  He is teasing me, making jokes! Did he hit his head too hard when he fell? Oh no, did I give Draco Lucius Malfoy brain damage? 

“Already did that, once,” I admit sheepishly. 
“No!” he gasps mockingly. 
“First year,” I laugh and shrug. “He got in the way, he is fine now. He forgave me.”
“I will remember to not stand in your way then,” he smirks. 
 
“Why did you follow me?” I ask curiously. 
He coughs and slips his hand in his pocket, he looks very uncomfortable all of the sudden. “I just wanted to see if you were all right,” he rushes out. 
“Excuse me, but why?” I am totally shocked by his revelation and feel my cheeks heat.
“Potter is a friend of yours and somehow he always attracts bad things, so that means that you always end up in problems too.” 
I think my eyebrows just flew off my face with shock. “Harry is my best friend, I would go through hell and back for him. That is what friends do, right?” 
“So you are going to the library and you are trying to pull him out of the tournament or are you trying to help him win it?” he is flicking off a piece of non-existing dust from his sweater. 
“Hopefully the first, but I won’t limit myself and will help him at every chance I get for him to win this tournament.” 
“I could help,” he offers softly. 
I almost don’t hear him, but then I do and I am confused. “Aren’t you two supposed to be enemies? Shouldn't you swear at me, be mean, bully me, curse me, hit me?” I ask astonished. 
“Probably, but I don’t want to,” he admits. “I could help, for you I would.” 
“Me?” I react in a high pitched voice. 
“I want to spend time together, without being mean.” 
“Malfoy, I don’t understand why you would do that. I am a Muggleborn, best friends with Harry and a Gryffindor. Since when are you interested in that?” I gasp. 
I can’t wrap my head around the sudden change.  What if he wants to use me against Harry, that could be his plan.... but he looks so sincere. He is not sneering, being sarcastic or mean. How could I not give him a chance? This conversation is nice and he is really smart. He could actually help and if he doesn’t I am smart enough to figure this out by myself. No harm done, right? I can’t judge a book by it’s cover, even though it is a really pretty cover and it does attract me to open it up and learn more about it. I can’t compare Malfoy to a book, what is wrong with me! But it is kinda true.  
“Okay, you can help. I appreciate you offering it.” 
I am once again blown away by him, this time, it is an unexpected smile. It is brief, but just the way he pulls up one side of his mouth. Almost like a smirk, but then there is this twinkle in his eyes, it makes them light up. I can’t think straight anymore. 
He walks away from me and I feel confusion rising.  Why did I do something wrong?  
“Are you coming, those books are not going to read themselves!” he drawls in a very Malfoy way, with an eyeroll to make sure I still know who he is. 
I hurry after him. 

  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  I slam my book on the table. “I can’t believe that they will not excuse Harry, they must know this is a set up!” I let out in frustration. 

  Light grey eyes meet mine over a book. “Who would even set him up?” Draco asks in a whisper. 

  “I have no idea, but it is going to be bad. I have no idea what the first task will be. We have been reading books for days and every bit of information shows that every task was part of the Tournament is different. That makes it literally impossible to figure it out!” I sigh loudly. 

  “Potter probably will be fine anyway, he is the Chosen One after all,” he snorts. 

  “Draco! It is not funny,” I groan. 

  The pressure is getting to me, it’s been almost a week since Harry’s name was selected by the Goblet. I have been keeping up with classes, homework and extra assignments. Besides that I have spent every minute with Draco, he is actually helping me. First we focused on laws that make it impossible for them to keep Harry in the Tournament, but to no avail. After that we started researching for the first of three tasks. Trying to find something that will help him. In our small breaks we chat and get to know each other.

  “Draco?” he asks with a glint in his eyes. 

  I raise one eyebrow in a silent question. Realisation dawns on me and I stare at him. 
  
    I never called him that before! 
  
   “I... “ I begin but don’t even know what to say. 
  
    It is not a bad thing that I call him by his first name right? We spend a lot of time together, we talk, we even work on homework together, discuss classes together. I know his favourite color is dark green, not only because of Slytherin but he has grown up with it. He also likes it because in the summer the trees in the garden of Malfoy Manor have the deepest color of green. It reminds him of summers spent there and having fun with friends. He has a sweet tooth and loves apples.
  

  “I like it when you say my name,” he pauses for a moment and then adds. “Hermione.”

  I watch his mouth as he says my name, I see the tip of his tongue touch just behind his front teeth and emphasizes the ‘e’. Nobody has ever said my name like that, with that much intensity behind it. His eyes seem like molten silver, burning into me. My mouth goes dry and I try to wet my lips but it doesn’t really help. I can feel my heart thumping. 

  “I think I should read another book,” I stumble over my words. 

  He just nods and watches me. I shove my chair back and quickly disappear behind a shelf. It is darker in the back of the library where we are sitting, so hopefully he didn’t see the blush that is taking over my face. My cheeks feel on fire, I try to use my hands to cool off my face, but I am sweating. 
  
    Why does he have this effect on me. Stupid hormones! He just said my name. But those eyes and that mouth. The way he pronounced it, so sharp and his voice. His voice, Merlin, his voice, that tone...just no words for it. Perfection. 
  
 
  I am leaning against my head on a bookshelf, with my back to the aisle. 

  “Are you alright?” Draco asks softly as he touches my shoulder. 

  A pleasurable shiver runs down my spine and I am getting even hotter. “No, yes, I don’t know,” I sigh and don’t dare to turn around. 

  His hand tightens and he makes me turn, I keep my eyes cast down. The hand on my shoulder loosens and glides lightly up my neck. Every inch where he touches my shin, starts to burn. He stops under my chin, with light pressure he makes me lift my head and look at him. I swallow and meet his eyes. 

  “Stupid hormones,” I whisper frustrated. 

  His eyes never leave me as he steps closer, still holding his fingers under my chin. 

  “I can feel your heartbeat,” he whispers back. “You should feel mine, it is worse.” 

  A smile tugs at his lips and it looks like an invitation. He steps even closer, we are just mere inches away from each other. His scent overwhelms me, cedar, a mix of flowers and a bit of spice. 
  
    Would his lips taste as amazing as he smells? Would kissing him, touching him be as addicting as his scent. 
  

  “Sweet Salazar, Hermione,” he moans softly. 

  My knees go weak. 
  
    Oh Good Godric, more! 
  

  “I want to kiss you so bad,” he whispers while staring at me, gazing at my reaction. 

  
    How do you respond to such a statement?! What if I am bad at it? What if he is bad at it? It would be my first time, maybe he has a lot of experience already. 
  

  His hand moves from under my chin towards my hair, his fingers slip in just behind my ear, holding me still. 

  “Can I kiss you, Hermione?” he asks, begging even. 

  “Please, Draco. I want to kiss you,” I let out softly. 

  He pulls me towards him with the hand in my hair, angels my head as he dips to kiss me. Just before our lips touch he lets out a small sigh and I inhale it. I taste spearmint and our lips touch. He takes the lead and I am grateful for it. My mind goes blank, I feel dizzy and at the same time alive like I never felt before. A rush is shooting through my veins as he pulls me against his body, his other arm circling around my middle. I let my hand glide over his chest, over shoulder, neck and finally I can touch his silky blond strands. My fingers grab hold of them and I tug him even closer to me, I let desire take over. He moans in my mouth and that sound alone makes me squeeze my legs against each other. He notices my movement, he pushes me against the shelf and nudges his leg between mine. 

  “Draco,” I moan as his knee moves over the most sensitive spot in my whole body and a tinteling feeling spreads through my body. 

  He breaks our kiss, breathing hard and starts giving me open mouth kisses on my neck and shoulder. 

  I keep my eyes closed, enjoying the feeling of him on me, touching me, kissing me. On instinct I let myself move against his knee. Little sparks of pleasure shooting through my body. 
 
  A loud bang sounds and we jump apart, looking around. His hair is disheveled, he is breathing hard and as I let my eyes look down I notice the very clear outline is his trousers. 

  “Oh merlin, ehm,” I cough and fumble around, trying to smooth out my skirt and blouse. While kissing he must have opened the top two buttons to give him more access to my skin. 

  “Shit,” he curses softly and pulls on his trousers as he turns a quarter of the way, which gives me an even more defined view. His trousers are really tight at the moment and he is probably very uncomfortable. 

  I look towards the ceiling. 

  “Has anyone seen Hermione?” I hear a voice call out. “I need to tell her something.” 

  I look at Draco and then down at myself. My clothes are still rumplet, he pulls out his wand and aims at me. With a quick spell he irons out my clothes, making me look normal again. 

  He leans in close to my ear. “Go to the Weasel, take a random book, act like you were searching for it. I will grab my bag and leave.” 

  “But,” I start to object but he kisses my cheek. 

  “You make me lose control, Hermione. I wanted to do that for days, but couldn't stop thinking about it. You make me crazy,” he whispers and before he pulls away he kisses me short on the lips. 

  While he walks away, I can still feel his hand in my hair, his lips against mine and his knee between my legs. At the end of the aisle a book has fallen off the shelf, probably because someone didn’t put it correctly. 
 
  I grab the book and round the corner, I run straight into Ron. 

  “Where were you?” he asks. 

  “Shh! We are in a library, whisper,” I urge him. “I have been here looking for something to help Harry!” 

  He rolls his eyes. “You need to tell him something. I heard from Seamus that Hagrid was acting weird, very happy about something and when he asked about it Hagrid said that he couldn’t say. But you know Hagrid, when you urge him a bit he always says something he shouldn’t. Remember? Like with Fluffy!” 

  “Yes, I remember,” I snap trying to make him hurry up with his story. 

  “Do you remember Norbet?” 

  “Yes, Ronald. I helped get him to Charlie.” 

  “Hagrid was talking about seeing Charlie here and having tea with him.” 

  “What? Tea with Charlie, but he is in Romania, in the Dragon sanctuary.” 

  “What if one of the tasks is something to do with dragons and they need Charlie here?” Ron suggests. 

  “He is your brother, shouldn’t he have told you if he is here? Your mother would probably want to see him. He has four siblings at this school currently.” 

  “That is the weird part right? We have no idea if he is here, but if he is, that shows that he is here on special orders!” 

  Ron has a point. “Why are you telling me and not Harry?” 

  “I don’t want to talk to him. You can tell him for me, but don’t say that I told you.” 

  I roll my eyes. 
  
    Why is he being so childish? Now I need to do the dirty work again. I don’t see Ron spending any time here in the library doing research. 
  

  “Fine, I’ll do it, but only because I want to help Harry,” I grumble. 
 
  Without another word he leaves, he just turns around and starts to walk out of the library. A flare of anger comes up as I yell: “You’re welcome!” 

  He turns and looks me in the eye, I see an anger that I noticed before, when it was apparently my fault for losing Harry at the World Cup. 
  
    Why is he so angry, or was he always like this and didn’t I notice it before?
  
   

  I gather my books and a note falls out. 
  
    Meet me under the stars at 9pm. 
  
  I frown, I recognize his handwriting immediately, so there is no question who wrote it. 
  
    Under the stars? Does he mean that literally or is it even more cryptic then that? 
  

  I carefully fold the note and slide it in my pocket, first things first, Harry needs to get to Hagrid, he is the gamekeeper, he must know more about the animals. I search for Harry everywhere I can think of, he is not in Gryffindor tower, not in the Great Hall and not in the library. 
  
    Where in Merlin’s name can he be? 
  
  As I think about it the answer comes to me. 
  
    Quidditch pitch. 
  

  I quickly walk out of the grand doors and look up at the Astronomy tower. 
  
    Under the stars! That is where he wants to meet! That’s one thing figured out. Now Harry. 
  
  I can see him flying in rounds on the pitch. As I walk up he spots me. 
 
  “Mione!” he yells. “What are you doing here?” 

  “Looking for you, can you come down?” I shout back. 

  He descends but doesn't let his feet touch the ground. “I am not getting off, I need to clear my mind,” he shrugs sheepishly. 

  “I have information about your first task,” I offer in the hope that this helps him and he will step down. This is not a way to talk about this. 

  “Do I really need to think about this?” 

  He sounds miserable and my heart breaks for him. “How can I help you?” I ask and I know I would do anything for him. Just to take a bit of his sadness away. 

  “I want to fly,” he states simply. 

  I sigh deeply and know what I need to do. “Can you wait for me while I get a broom?” I ask. 

  “Why would you do that?” he asks with a gasp, his eyes wide. 

  “I really want to talk to you and I want to help you. If it has to happen in the air, I am willing to do that. Even if there is a chance that I will scream my lungs out or fall to my death,” I try to add humor to it, but I don’t feel like the joke is working. I hate flying. Loathe, abhor, despise, scorn it. 

  He lowers to the ground and let his left hand loose from the broom. “Come here,” he says softly. 

  I frown, but I follow his request. When I am close enough he pulls me towards his broom. 

  “Swing your leg over it, don’t worry, I got you. I won’t let anything happen to you. It is safer to fly with me that you flying alone” he laughs.

  I roll my eyes, but he is probably right. I stumble to get my leg over the broom, but he holds me by my elbow for support. I take hold of the handle in front of me. 

  He reaches around me and places his hands above mine. We are sitting very close, but it doesn’t feel awkward or tense. 

  “You just need to hold on and I will do all the work,” he says in my ear, tickling me with his breath. 
 
  Before I can respond he pushes off the ground and we zoom up in the air. I squeeze my eyes shut and a small scream escapes my lips, but I quickly clamp them down. The wind is blowing hard in my face and I am very happy that I put my hair up in a bun. Otherwise it would be knotted from root to ends. 

  I open my eyes and feel sick at the sight of how high we are. “Harry!” I scream. “I hate flying!” 

  He slows down. “Just look in front of you, over the tips of the trees, look at the calm waters. Sometimes the Giant Squid waves. See how calm everything is. Everything looks so small from up here, people, trees and even my problems. When I am in the sky, I feel relaxed, sometimes I even feel like my dad is watching me. He would have liked to see my fly and play Quidditch, I think,” he sounds so sad. 

  “Oh Harry,” I murmur as I do what he says and stop looking down. It is very peaceful up here, nobody can just reach us, interrupt us. He is also right about the trees and water. It looks completely calm. 

  I take a deep breath of fresh and crisp air, smelling the forest and lake. “Your parents are always watching you, Harry. I don’t believe that those who have passed would ever leave us. You might not feel or see them, but they would never abandon you. And when you need someone you can see and feel, remember that I am always here for you.” 

  “Hermione, you are my best friend, I mean it. If you ever doubt that, then you are not as smart as people think you are,” he laughs and pulls me closer for a weird hug. 

  He makes me feel so safe, that I am even doubting if I still hate flying or that I just didn’t understand it. “You are my best friend too,” I tell him and lean my head back. 

  He is flying lazy circles around the pitch, I take in the sights for the first time. 
 
  “What did you want to tell me about the first task?” Even if I don’t hear the tension coming back to his body, I can feel it. His arms get a bit tighter around me as if he is ready to just fly away with me and never look back. 

  “Dragons,” I whisper. “The first task has something to do with dragons and Hagrid must know more about it. I think you should talk to him about it,” I let out softly. 

  “No,” he begins and I feel a shiver running through him. “Hermione, I can’t fight a dragon!” 

  “You can, you are so brave and strong. We will find a way. You need to talk to Hagrid about it, you know he knows everything about them. Maybe we can find out which dragons there are and research them. If we know their weaknesses, we can prepare to fight them.” 

  “How did I get into this mess?” he groans. 

  “I don’t know and I am so sorry that I didn’t find a way to get you out. I will do everything to help you,” I vow to him. 

  He leans his head against my back. “I love you,” he sighs. “I would die without you, people want me dead. How scary is that, and I don’t even know who did it. Ron is angry at me, thinking I wanted this.” 

  “Ronald can be very blind. I don’t know what is up with him, but he gave me the information about the dragons.” 

  “Why didn’t he tell me himself?” 

  Harry sounds so deflated and sad. I can’t imagine the weight that he feels on his shoulders. “I tried to tell him that, but he wouldn’t listen.” 

  “Some people can change in unexpected ways,” Harry says softly. 

  “Yes, absolutely,” my thoughts turn back towards Draco. To his intense stare, his wit, his brain and those lips. How he kissed me, told me I made him crazy. “Even people where you expect it the least from,” I sigh dreamily. 

  “I hope you are not thinking of Ron like that,” Harry laughs out of the blue. 

  I sit up straighter. “What do you mean?” 

  “Even if I can’t see you, I could feel your whole body relaxing and I don’t think you are just enjoying the view. Did you meet someone?” he asks curiously. 

  “I...eh… it is difficult and I can’t tell you about it,” I say somberly. 

  “Why?” 
 
  The question is so simple but the answer is so difficult. I think over time, Harry would accept it. He would see Draco as who he truly is, below all the mean comments he made, that is how he was raised. But I don’t think I am ready to voice it out loud. To say y that I like Draco bloody Malfoy. Of all boys to fall for, it had to be the most difficult one. A Slytherin Pureblood, grown up with a lot of etiquettes and lessons about why he is better than a Muggleborn. His parents would never accept me, the whole society would not accept us. Both of us would lose friends over it, maybe even family. I can’t count the times that I mentioned him in my letters, not in a positive way. The only one who I showed to the full extent of hurt he caused me was my mom. I wrote letters while crying over the things the Slytherins and him said to me. I hate the way that I have to work twice as hard to prove that I am a capable witch, more than capable. I told her everything, the good and the bad, but I always need to make sure they understand it. They still don’t understand the basic things from the magical world. Sometimes I wish I grew up a witch, and have one or two magical parents. It was so difficult to get here, I knew nothing and there is still so much that I don’t know. I read multiple books before I started school, but it still was so different than expected. How can other Muggleborns do it, why do we have to adapt so much, so quickly. 
 
  “Mione?” Harry nudges me. 

  “Sorry, sorry I was lost in my thoughts. You will be the first person I will tell, when I can. It is just new and difficult,” I laugh softly without humor. 

  “If it is already difficult, make sure it is worth it. View him as a book, his cover, summary and the first chapters. If you don’t like it, just put it away and start another.” 

  I laugh at his humor. Of course he would suggest comparing Draco to a book. If he only knew, Draco has the most beautiful cover, the summary is not inviting in the beginning, but you see so much potential and you get so  curious that you ignore what the summary said. His first chapters are difficult, but you can’t find it in yourself to put it away. He is the kind of book that sucks you in and will never let go of you fully. Even if he and I don’t work out, there will always be a part of him with me. He is my first kiss, I wonder what else he will become. 
 
  I lean more back and snuggle in the strong and safe arms of Harry. “Maybe we should do this more often, and maybe one day I will love flying on my own. I feel more calm than I have in days,” I muse to him. 

  “I like this too,” he grins. 

  We stay up in the air for over an hour, he leans his head on my shoulder as he helps me steady my grip on the handle. He even lets me fly for a moment, but it is clear that he has more control over the broom. I can’t complain, this is already so much better than my first lessons, I focused on the theory of flying, but not on the feeling. I have always hated heights and kept looking down. 

  I can’t believe it, but I feel sad when we watch the sun dip lower and lower. As we land and walk back towards the school I am overwhelmed with a wave of relief and calm. 
  
    I can do this, I can enjoy my time with Draco, live a little and help Harry survive this stupid Tournament. 
  
 
  The smell of dinner floats towards us, I walk towards the Great Hall and Harry heads to his dorm to put back his broom. The Gryffindor table is already filled with our friends in their usual spots, only Ron sits in a different spot and I am glad about it. I greet everyone when I sit down, my eyes quickly focusing on a completely different table, thinking I would catch him in a conversation with his friends, but he is chewing on his food and looking straight ahead of him, straight at me. 
  
    Does he sit there on purpose, so he only needs to look forward and is able to see me?
  
   

  I turn my gaze away from him when Harry joins us. Ginny is looking curiously at me and I raise my brow. 

  “Why do you look windswept?” she asks with a grin. 

  “I flew a few rounds around the Quidditch pitch,” I laugh at her. 

  Her mouth drops open, literally. I don’t know what she expected me to say, but clearly it was something different. 

  “You hate flying!” she gasps. 

  “Well apparently, when you change your perspective on it, it can be quite calming,” I wink. 

  Harry keeps himself quiet, clearly enjoying our little secret. 

  “You suck at flying,” Neville interjects. 

  “Oh trust me,” I laugh. “I still do, but I enjoy it more now,” and I busy myself with filling my plate with food. 

  With a smile on my face I look up at Draco. I don’t understand how he can keep staring and nobody sitting on the Slytherin or Gryffindor’s tables notices it. For a moment he lets his mask slide, showing me a smile. It is a little one, but still a smile, a special one, just for me. Like a small taste for tonight. 
 
  The hours until nine o’clock crawl by. I don’t want to draw attention to myself while I am in the Gryffindor common room, so I can’t change my clothes and maybe that is a good thing. I can’t look too desperate for him, the note did not specify why he wanted to meet. Maybe it is just that he found something in the books or that he wants to know why Ron would want to talk to me. 

  I can’t hold myself still any longer and at quarter to nine I quickly slip out of the common room and walk towards the Astronomy tower. While walking up the stairs I start doubting myself. 
  
    What if he meant to meet somewhere else? It could have been the Great Hall, the sky is reflected on the ceiling. Or maybe it was just outside.
  
   I step out on the platform and can’t see anyone, when suddenly I get caught from behind. A hand folds over my mouth and with the other around my middle I get turned. My scream is stuck in my throat as I look up to see liquid silver eyes staring into mine. He moves his hand in my hair again and pulls me towards him, the scream dissolves as his lips meet mine again. I submit myself to his movements, letting him guide me. He lets the tip of his tongue glide between the seam of my lips, as I gasp at the sensation and he enters my mouth. Our tongues start a slow dance around each other, exploring and tasting. I am so glad that I already brushed my teeth and I can taste spearmint on him.

  My hands start to explore his body, my fingertips glide over his stomach and I can feel him tensing his muscles. 
  
    He is so fit! 
  
  I let my hands go up his body, I don’t yet dare lower my hands and feel other things. He is lean, yet so strong, his shoulders are defined. His hand on my middle is sliding down, cupping my arse, lifting me a bit when he squeezes. I swallow his groan into my mouth, as he presses me even closer to him, We stumble a bit until he has me against the wall. My hands slide in his hair and I pull a bit on the silky strands. 

  “Harder,” he moans and demonstrates the action with my hair. 

  The small flare of pain quickly changes into a tingling feeling in my lower belly, and I buck my hips against him. 

  “Oh Hermione, you are going to be the death of me,” he moans as he kisses my neck, leaving a trail of overheated skin in his wake. 

  I pull harder on his hair and I am rewarded with a nip at my shoulder. I like the pain, makes my knees grow weaker and desire builds even more. 

  “Draco,” I moan. 

  “Yes, say my name,” he demands. “Say it.” 

  He pushes his knee between my legs and I let myself ride up against it, sending sparks through my body. “Draco,” I whisper, pleading. 

  His hand moves towards the front of my skirt, playing with the hem. I want to beg him to touch me more, I want more, I need more! Desire is burning through every inch of my body. Leaving a heat behind that only his touch can calm. 

  “Please, Draco. Please,” I beg of him and buck my hips in a plea. 

  I shiver as his finger tips touch my thigh, skimming his way up to my core. 

  “Say my name, and I will make you come,” he whispers in my ear. 

  Without a second thought I moan his name loudly. My mind is muddled with a craving so strong for an orgasm as I never had before. His hand slips inside my panties and I almost combust at the feeling of his fingers against my most sensitive spot. I am dripping wet for him, ruining my lacy, barely there knickers. This is the first time anyone other than me touches my core. His fingers glide easily through my folds, circling around my opening. 

  “When I make you come,” he begins, building up pressure with his thumb on my clit. “You will be screaming my name,” as he pushes in one finger. 

  I gasp at the different sensation, with his other hand he hitches up my leg around his hip. Even if I want to close my eyes, I can’t, he is watching me, noting every movement, every sound I make. 

  “So wet,” he purrs. “So responsive. Just for me,” he pushes a second finger inside of me and I gasp. 

  His fingers are bigger than mine, stretching me more than I do myself. He eases in and out of me, so slowly until I am more used to him. I nod to signal that he can move more. 

  “Please, make me come, Draco. Draco...Draco,” I plead him, moan his name, say it as a mantra. My voice is getting more pitched as my orgasm gets closer. 

  My muscles are tightening and I throw my head back. 

  “Come for me, Hermione. Now,” he demands and as on command the orgasm rips through my body. I scream his name, I don’t care if the whole school can hear it, nobody has known this amount of pleasure. 

  He holds me as I lose all control and come down from my high. 

  “So beautiful,” he murmurs and kisses my tears away, his hand leaving my knickers and smoothing down my skirt. “They way you clench around my fingers, I bet you would milk my cock dry.” 

  I can only hum in desire, I have never come so hard and I can guess that having sex with him is even better. The way he talked to me, it switched my brain off and I love it. I pull him back against me, feeling the outline of his cock against my lower belly, my hands are back in his hair. With a small tug I pull him towards me. I lift myself on my tiptoes and kiss him again, I’m feeling more confident and take more the lead. Pulling his hair, licking his lips until he opens his mouth, giving me the chance to deepen the kiss. My wetness dripping down my thighs, the scent is heavy in the air and it makes me even more turned on. 
 
  “Who is up here!” booms a voice on the stairs. 

  Before we can jump apart, Draco gets pulled away. I look up in the eyes of Professor Snape, holding Draco by his collar, his hands trying to hide the bulge in his pants. The Professor looks us both up and down, the most bright and hot blush is spreading across my face and neck. I can’t even look him in the eyes. 

  “Go back… to your tower,” he says, his voice clipped. 

  I nod and immediately head down. Draco doesn’t follow me, but I can hear them starting to whisper. I can’t hear what they say, so I leave to go back to the Gryffindor tower. While walking back I let my fingers roam over my swollen lips. 
 
  
    Draco must be a sex god...
  

  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    “Did you know Hagrid is dating the headmistress of Beauxbatons?” Harry asks me as he crawls through the portrait hole. “No of course not, why would I know that?” I ask. “How is he?” “He was really happy, even combing his hair and wearing a flower. Like proper fancy for him, you know,” he responds. “I didn’t mean that, Harry. How about the dragons? Are they real? Could you recognise them?”He shrugs sheepishly. “Sorry, yes there are dragons, four kinds, but I don’t know them by name.” I grab the book next to me on the pile. “Come sit with me, we can look through the books and maybe you will recognise them. Then we can research them more.” “Hagrid said something about a Horntail, almost bloody burned me to a crisp and he mentioned that Ron had already seen them,” Harry is staring at the book, lost in thoughts. “Everything will be fine with Ron, he just has his head up his arse,” I tell him softly with my hand on his shoulder. “Not the first time,” he notes. “You said Horntail, does it look like this one?” I ask as I point towards the illustration on the page of the Hungarian Horntail. “Yes! It is! It was very big!” “The Hungarian Horntail is a dragon native to Hungary and is considered to be the most dangerous dragon breed. It has brown skin, a spiked tail, and bronze horns protruding from its head. It has yellow eyes with vertical pupils. Its roar is a yowling, screeching scream, and its flame can reach to about fifty feet. While having a very far reaching flame the Horntails breath can reach extremely high temperatures as it makes a stone turn red hot in seconds. The Horntail's foods of choice include cattle, sheep, and goat. Its eggs are cement-coloured with very hard shells.Horntails are also known for being one of the most vicious breeds of dragon; Along with their viciousness Horntails are shown being extremely fast,” I read out loud. “Well that doesn’t sound very promising, I’m not sure if I even want to know more about the others,” Harry sighs. “This is the only way for us to find their weaknesses before the task. It is our best shot,” I encourage him.  The next dragon we figure out is the Chinese Fireball, the Fireball is scarlet and smooth scaled with a fringe of golden spikes around its snub-snouted face and extremely protuberant eyes. Its name is derived from the mushroom-shaped flame that comes from its nostrils when angered, along with the large mushroom-shaped flame it shoots from its mouth. The Fireball weighs between two and four tons. The Fireball is aggressive but, unlike other dragons, it is more tolerant of its own kind, and will sometimes consent to sharing its territory with up to two other dragonsThe Swedish Short-Snout is next, the scales are silvery blue, and its powerful flame is also a brilliant blue colour - and hot enough to reduce timber and bone to ashes in seconds. Its attractive skin is much sought after for the making of gloves and shields.Since it rarely comes into contact with humans, the Short-Snout has less deaths to its name than most dragons. However, the Short-Snout is nevertheless one of the most dangerous species due to its agile flying and the extremely hot fire that it produces. The Short-Snout tends to be less agile on the ground because of its lack of forward limbs.And a Welsh Green is the last of the four dragons. The Common Welsh Green dragon, or just Welsh Green, is a native of Wales.It nests in the higher mountain regions where a reservation has been set up for it. This dragon is a relatively subdued breed. It prefers to prey mainly on sheep and other small mammals and to avoid human contact altogether. The Welsh Green's roar is rather distinctive and somewhat melodious and it issues its fire in narrow jets. The eggs of the Common Welsh Green are earthy brown, flecked with green. “This confirms it, I can’t do this Hermione. I can’t win from a fire spitting dragon, this is going to be my death,” he shouts angrily . “I will not let that happen. I will jump in and fight the dragon with my bare hands to save you. And besides, the Headmaster won’t let any student die,” I try to reason with him. “I am going to bed, I just need to think about this,” he sighs and walks towards the boys’ dorms.  I stay sitting on the couch in front of the flickering fire.  I should research this, maybe Draco can help. He is great at research, just his handwriting, so fancy. I wish I could write like that, maybe he can teach me, his hand on mine while I write, him leaning against my back, breath tickling my ear while he tells me what to do.  I shake my head, I need to focus on Harry, my romantic life can wait for now.  Is it even a romantic life? I do really like Draco, but can it even be a relationship. So many people will be angry about it. But do I really care about that, or am I just nervous to face it and admit that I have feelings?  My cheeks feel hot from blushing, I push my hands against it and take deep breaths.  Focus on Harry, save Harry, he needs someone who can support and help him.  I need to go to bed so I can be early at the library and do more research. As I stretch my arms above my head, bending my back, I hear the satisfying pops of my spine.  That feels better.   I quickly get ready for bed, tip toeing through the dorm, the others are already asleep. A quick  timus  shows me it is already two o’clock in the morning.  No sleep for the wicked.  I pull the curtains closed and throw up a silencing spell. Every night I think of him, Draco Malfoy, the Prince of Slytherin, the heir of the Malfoy imperium, but for me it is just Draco. The blond boy with liquid silver eyes, staring intensely at me while he makes me come at the Astronomy Tower. The boy who makes my heart beat faster, gives me butterflies as I catch him staring at me.  Oh I am in trouble, because it is clear that I have feelings for him.  I let my hand glide over my stomach, going lower and underneath the waistband of my shorts and knickers. I shaved my self for the first time, I saw it in some magazines my mom had laying around the house. Apparently it is the fashion statement of the year. I only cut myself once and with a quick and easy healing spell I was fine. Now it is all smooth and even more sensitive.  What will Draco think of the change?  I am already wet, just the thought of him, of his eyes and I am done for. My fingers glide through my folds, and over the little bundle of nerves. A little shock runs through my body and a sigh of relief escapes my lips. I think back of the way Draco’s fingers felt and what he was doing. Following his movements, drawing circles, spreading me open, dipping a finger in slowly. Starting to pump it in and out of me, hearing the wetness of my cunt. I imagine that my hand is Draco’s, as I close my eyes I see his. Liquid silver burning into mine. I arch my back from the mattress as my body shudders and releases all the build up tension of the day. Moaning into my pillow as the orgasm courses through my body, leaving a satisfied and calm feeling behind. I wipe my fingers clean on the sheets and roll to my side, staying in my little bubble of satisfaction as I fall asleep.  I wake up from a ringing sound. “Finite,” I groan as I pick up my wand. Everyone is still asleep, but I don’t blame them, it is just after six in the morning. I dress quickly and gather all the books for the day and head towards the Great Hall. It is empty but the tables are ready for breakfast. I sit down and food immediately shows up in front of me. The toast is perfectly crisp and I spread strawberry jam on top of it  while letting my tea steep to the perfect taste. After I pull the bag out I add a spoon of honey and stir it in. I look up and catch  Draco watching me, immediately I feel a fluttering in my belly.  Why is he awake so early? I look around and nobody is in the Great Hall. It might be a huge risk, but I gather my plate, tea and bag and stand up from my seat at the Gryffindor table. He watches me walking towards him, the closer I get, the more shocked he looks. I had breakfast this early before and nobody has ever been here this early.  “Hi,” I greet him with a shy smile. “Hi,” he responds and looks at me. “We have plates at this table too, you know,” he laughs quietly as if somebody would hear him joke. “I did not know that, I thought you ate out of bowls, so I brought my own. Just to be safe,” I joke back.“No, the bowls are reserved for the Hufflepuffs. Slytherin is filled with pretentious, spoiled, Purebloods. If our parents could, they would send us to school with three different sets of porcelain, a new set for each course.”  I laugh and quickly glance up and down the table, to confirm that they are the same plates and that he did make a joke. He catches me and laughs. I sit down on the opposite side of him, watching his reaction as I do.  “I won’t bite you,” he offers. “Unless you want me to,” his eyes dance with mischief. 
   Oh my. Yes please.  
“What do you eat for breakfast?” I ask seeing as his plate is empty. “You soon will find out,” he winks. “Oh finally, the biggest mystery uncovered!” I joke. He is in such a playful mood and I am happy to go along with it. I watch as he pulls the fruit basket towards him and searches for the perfect green apple. “Why green apples?” I wonder out loud. His eyes flick towards mine. “I like sour things, I like the bite it gives on my tongue.” I imagine him tasting Muggle sour candy, I would love to see his reaction to it. He would probably hate it, because it is Muggle, but it would be a fun challenge. “What kind of tea do you drink?” I ask. He has never been this open to me and I want to use it to its full potential. “English Breakfast for breakfast, with a drop of honey. Earl grey in the afternoon, and in the evening mint tea. I vary between adding milk, or lemon, depending on the mood I am in.” I almost stopped listening after the breakfast tea, because it is exactly like mine. “Why do you drink the same tea in the morning like I do?” “Maybe you drink it like I do?” he teases. I shake my head. “No, no, I have been drinking it this way since I was little, my mum drinks it like this while my father drinks it with sugar and milk.” “Maybe I have been watching you for longer than you think, I have been drinking it this way since halfway through the first year,” he smirks at me.  I am flabbergasted by his confession.  That long. Draco bloody Malfoy has been watching me for years. Knows how I drink my tea, drinks it the same way. How have I never noticed before? How have I ever been blind to it? Well, maybe because he bullied me, why did he do that?  “Why did you bully me?” I ask while I fidget with my tea. “That is a confession for another breakfast,” he tells me and bites into toast with strawberry jam. My mouth drops open as I look down and see my own slice still laying there. I follow his example and bite in. We have a silent breakfast, both lost in our thoughts. My thoughts have drifted back to the first task for Harry. Everybody has a weakness, even huge, spikey, angry looking dragons.  After we are finished eating, we sip our tea. “I need to go to the library, the first task is something with dragons and I need to find a way to make sure Harry wins.” “You think he needs to fight a dragon?” “Yes, they are already here. Four different species even, I think everyone has to fight one.”“Kill a dragon? That is a death sentence,” he huffs. “Your name means dragon,” I note with a smile.  If somebody would even try to kill him, I will make sure that person gets a death sentence. I am shocked by my thoughts, since when do I threaten people like that? Did I even mean through the legal system or try to kill them myself. The way my hands tightened around the teacup slightly would suggest the latter.“Come on, Granger. Get that tight little arse of you off the seat and let’s go to the library.” “You are going to help me?” “Of course. Why do you think I got up this early? You said Potter was going to confirm your suspicions about the first task. I figured that you wanted to hit the library before classes and be extra early. I did have to guess at the time. So I figured you would be sleeping late, due to talking with Potter. You need some hours of sleep to function by the way.”“Good observation, Malfoy,” this time I wink as I stand up and grab my bag. The moment my seat is empty, the remains of our breakfast vanish. Nobody will know that we had breakfast together. Our little secret. My first time eating at the Slytherin table, and it wasn’t as bad as I had always imagined. Draco is better company than Ron lately.  The walk to the library is quiet and peaceful. Draco walks next to me, his normally long stride shorter so I can easily keep up with him. All the hallways and the library are deserted, not even one ghost is present. I drop my bag at our favourite table in the back, hidden behind multiple shelves, highlighted in the light of the rising sun through the stained glass windows at the top. I walk towards the shelves on Magical Creatures. The shelves are organised by the author, then the date of publication. I would totally use a different order, first by author, then series, then alphabetical order. Maybe I would even use a bit of magic to glamour the books to be the same height. I would love to have beautiful straight lines in my future library, even if it does have its charm to see the different sizes of old books. Maybe I can change it up every once in a while. Draco joins me and holds his hand out, in his other hand his wand. He mutters a spell and multiple books suddenly stick out. “How did you do that?” I ask, perplexed. “I am not going to read each title to figure out if it is about dragons or not. I just used a spell to highlight them out. So we save some time.” “But I thought you couldn’t use magic on the books. That they are protected against that, I read that in Hogwarts: A History.” “Bet you did, but you never tried. Do you really think Pinch knows where every book belongs. Of course she uses magic. They just want to think it is impossible and anyways, this magic is not harmful,” he shrugs. “I use it all the time at home in our library.” “I want my own library,” I say pouting. “With what kind of books would you fill it?” The way he looks at me makes me almost forget the question. “Everything,” I say breathlessly . “I want to have books written by muggles, wizards, and witches!  Something to learn, something relaxing. So much knowledge that I forget the days I spend in the library. Each night I would wander the shelves, searching for the perfect book to take to bed.” “I like that idea,” he responds simply.  We look through the books and I tell him about the four dragons we should focus on. “I bet Potter will get the hardest one, if it isn’t already planned then fate will give it to him or he will even pick it himself.” “Why would you say that and what is the worst one of the four?” “Hungarian Horntail of course, spits fire with a huge range, flies fast and is very aggressive. Potter always attracts the worst option possible, that makes him Potter.”  I open my mouth to disagree with him, but I close it and focus back on the book in front of me. We have multiple stacks of books in front of us.  Why does he have to be right about that?   He chuckles as he sees me staring at the book. “I don’t like that I am right about this.” I look up hopefully and confused at the same time. He registers my reaction. “Not because I care about Potter, but I care about your reaction. You have that Gryffindor bravery and it always gets you into trouble, that, I don’t like.” “You got us in trouble multiple times,” I remind him. He shrugs and smirks. “I have to keep up my appearance as a Slytherin and the Malfoy heir, don’t I. I always did it for Potter and the Weasel, you just happened to be always involved with them.” “You called me a Mudblood,” I snap. “That has nothing to do with Ron, he is a Pureblood just like you and Harry is a Halfblood.” “Let’s just say that I am stupid for doing that, but I had my reasons.” Before I can urge him to tell me why, he holds up his hand. “Which I can’t tell you right now. Just please know I don’t mean it.” “Does that mean that you will not stop when we are in public?” His eyes are pleading with me to drop it because I already know the answer. “What is a word I can say to you, that sounds normal for me to say, and will signal to you that I am sorry and I don’t mean a word of what I say or do?” I think for a moment before I answer. “Granger. Use my last name. You used it before, you can say it any way you want, but if you want to be subtle you need to stop staring.”“I have been staring for years and you have just noticed. People always think I am plotting against your little group, but I am just watching you.” 
   Wait… what… the… fuck…?years! How have I never noticed this before?! 
“How?” I ask breathlessly. “Why?”“You are the forbidden fruit, I think, but the first time I saw you…” he stops as he thinks back, his eyes going distant. “That bushy hair of you, I couldn’t keep my eyes off of it, but then I noticed your eyes. Deep brown, with golden flecks in them.” “Why did you never tell me? Why did you call me names? Draco, I don’t understand you,” I ask him softly, reaching out my hand to touch his. He reaches forward and our fingers touch, my heart beats faster. “I have been raised in a strict environment, I only had contact with good Pureblood children. I had to take a lot of classes to be the perfect heir, to accept my future. When I am old enough they will engage me to Pansy. This contract has been signed for years, even before Hogwarts. I don’t even have the luxury of choosing my own future, everything is decided. I hate it, I want to have my own choices. If I did, I would choose you.” He squeezes my hand tightly and stares at me. I can see the anguish in his eyes, the desire. This shouldn’t come as a surprise; it is a known fact that Purebloods have contracts for every situation and that they are raised in a strict way. Why does it hurt so much to hear him say it though? Even if we have feelings for each other, we can’t really do anything about it. We can’t date in public. “I hate this,” I whimper softly. “I like spending time with you.” “I like spending time with you too and I don’t want to stop. We just have to keep it a secret, if you are okay with it. Maybe, your Gryffindor bravery rubs off on me and I dare to stand up to my parents for a different future,” he laughs softly, but his eyes remain serious. We both know that it would be a very small chance of that happening, but it is the thought that counts, I guess.  The silence is overwhelming and I don’t want to show my hurt, so I focus back on the book, he does the same. An hour goes by as we both scribble our findings on parchment. Before we walk to classes we note down the books we still need to read and place them back on the shelves. We walk separately to the potions’ class, he takes a longer route. I am already sitting as he walks in, my book and fresh parchment are ready for the lesson. Ron is late as always. Professor Snape scolds him, but he simply doesn’t care. I can see him roll his eyes and look to his right, thinking that he would see Harry sitting next to him, but Harry is sitting next to me. For the first time he is prepared for class, he has studied and is ready to take notes. Ron catches me looking at him, his eyes going dark with jealousy and anger.  It is like I don’t know him anymore, why is he so angry? The class goes by quickly, Professor Snape tells us all about the effects different cutting methods have on ingredients. If you keep it in bigger pieces, it can benefit the duration of some potions, but for others it would result in a failed potion.  While I am packing my bag I suddenly find a folded piece of parchment on my desk, I recognize the slanted handwriting. I check if anyone is watching me, but the room is empty, aside from the Professor, but he is bent over a book on his desk. The parchment is filled with writing on the inside, I scan over it. It is about the dragons and thoughts on how he would kill them, but it is the last paragraph of the note that draws my attention.  
   How to tame a Malfoy Dragon.  

Stare longingly into his eyes, works only if you have the most beautiful brown, golden flecked eyes.

Give sweets 

Exchange knowledge 
 “Miss Granger, don’t you need to hurry to be on time for your next class?” Professor Snape drawls. “Sorry Professor,” I respond as I fling my bag over my shoulder and leave.  In the next class I meet Draco’s gaze and give him a small smile. Harry is sitting next to me and I whisper that I think I have all the information for him by the evening and that we should meet up. He agrees and we focus back on the lesson.  In the evening we find an empty classroom, I throw up a Silencing spell. I have copied the notes from Draco onto new parchment. “I don’t think school will accept  killing dragons,” Harry says stubbornly. “I hope not, but we don’t know. This gives you at least as much information as I could find to do the task. We still don’t know the details of it,” I sigh, slightly frustrated. “You need to wing it a bit,” I try to lighten the mood. I am rewarded with a quick smile, but too soon his face falls back to a defeated look. “Harry,” I say after an exhale. “I know you don’t want to do this, but you must.” “I know, Hermione, but why does it always have to be me? Why not Malfoy?” he lets out his frustration with a thud of his fist on the table. “I don’t know, but I do know that I will always help you. Always,” I promise him. The first task is tomorrow, so we don’t even have time to really practice anything. I give him a list of spells to use before we walk back to the Tower. We don’t have lessons tomorrow and the Task starts in the afternoon.  I can’t fall asleep, my mind is busy whirling with thoughts, going between Harry and Draco. I let out a frustrated huff as I toss and turn in the sheets. Everything is either too hot or too cold. My thoughts start to linger on Draco. I know a trick to make me fall asleep, but that would make it a streak of seven days of using it. As my hand lays on my belly, I kick the sheets off and let my hand glide lower.  I am just doing this so I can sleep.  I recall his intense staring from this morning in the library. Silver eyes digging deep into mine. It takes me an embarrassing short amount of time before the orgasm rips through my body. The trick works as I quickly fall asleep.  In the morning, the Great Hall is buzzing with excitement for the first task. As I sit down next to Harry and look up at him, I can’t find a spark of the same excitement. He has dark circles under his eyes, staring at his food and he is completely drawn back. I lay my hand on his and he looks up, the only thing I can do is nod to him. The last thing I want to do is draw attention to him. Ron is already at the table and speaking loudly about how Cedric is going to win the First Task.  Does he have at least one decent bone in his body? Raving about Cedric while he sits at a Gryffindor table. Awful.  I don’t remove my hand from Harry’s as I prepare my breakfast with one hand, he has grabbed hold of it so strongly, as if he is pulling strength from me. I pour him a glass of his favourite Pumpkin Juice and slide it in front of him to where he can see it. I eat in silence, thinking about yesterday's breakfast.  We should do that more often, just start our days early to spend time together. As I sip my tea I observe the hall, a lot of people have already cleared out, leaving a lot of open space where I can see Draco sitting without bending a muscle. Harry is laying with his head sideways on his arm, looking up at me, while still holding my hand. “You need to eat something,” I whisper. He makes a little shaking movement. “At least drink something,” I try but again he refuses. I lift my eyes slightly and find Ron staring daggers at us, his eyes are focussed on my hand in Harry’s. His face is red with anger and as he stands roughly a few people look at him. Without saying a word he stomps out of the room. I shake my head as I feel even less towards Ron. If he keeps acting like this then he won’t have any friends to turn back to when eventually everything goes to shit for him. He will get in trouble, nobody is helping him with homework or sitting next to him in classes. How does he expect to get good grades on his OWLS next year?Harry and I stay in the Great Hall until we are the only ones. He hasn’t let go of my hand for even a second. When I saw Draco walk out and look at us, I shook my head slightly, hoping he would understand that he doesn’t need to be jealous about it.  “Hermione,” Harry begins with a soft whisper. “I think I am going to die today.” “No,” I state. “You are smart, fast and you simply can’t die today. I forbid it to happen. I told you before, I don’t care what the rules are. If you are in danger of losing the Task, I will jump in and kill the dragon for you.” A tiny smile tugs at the corner of his mouth. “I make you break the rules a lot. You could be killed, or worse, expelled,” he murmurs, reminding me of a sentence I have said before. “Will you stay with me until I need to go to the Champions’ Tent?” “Of course!” And I do, we stay in the Great Hall until it starts to fill up for lunch again. We take some bread with us and down a glass of Pumpkin Juice before we walk out. I direct us to a quiet patch of grass, next to the Black Lake. He let go of my hand when we walked out and now I miss the contact, so I sit close to him. He leans against me while he pops pieces of bread into his mouth. “What if I forget everything that you researched?” he wonders out loud. “Then I will scream as loud as I can to remind you,” I respond simply. “What if my broom doesn’t come to me?” “It will, you already set it ready. Once you call for it, it will take some time to come, but it will. In the meantime you need to hide yourself from the dragon.” I call a twig towards me and we practice for a while, throwing it away and calling it back. All too soon I am waiting for Harry to finish changing into his Champion’s outfit and we walk towards the tent. Just a few Gryffindors wished him luck, and it makes me very angry.  Don’t they know him? He doesn't want the attention.  I can’t let go of him as we walk into the tent, our arms are linked. This must seem odd for some people, normally we are not this close with each other, but I can feel the need for it radiate from him. The other Champions are already in the tent, they only look up when we enter, but don’t say anything. As the next person enters they do speak up, but I can’t see who it is as a flash blinds me. “You have no businez here,” sounds the deep voice of Viktor Krum. “Thiz tent is for Championz and friendz” I blink away the black spots in my vision and find myself looking up at a Quick Notes Pen floating in front of me and writing quickly. A tall woman stands behind it, dressed in green and has a scrunched up nose. She can’t respond as the Headmaster steps in, followed by people of the Ministry. He demands her to leave, but doesn’t notice me standing next to Harry as they all gather in a circle. I am standing next to the Headmaster, but a step backwards. As he starts explaining the task he lets his eyes glide around the circle, that is when he catches me. “What are you doing here, Miss Granger?” he asks but he doesn’t sound angry. “Shouldn’t you be finding a spot in the stands?” “Sorry, Headmaster,” I apologize and quickly leave the tent. Before I left I squeezed Harry’s hand extra hard.  As I walk up to the stands I can already hear the Twins making bets with people on the outcome of the First Task. I find an empty spot, I look down into a hole. The terrain is rocky, with a lot of hiding spots. Something is glistening, but I don’t know what it is. Nobody is bothering to speak to me, and I like it. The Headmaster walks up to a small podium on the other side of the arena. “Each one of the Champions has picked a dragon. That dragon will be chained down so it will not be able to fly away. The Champion must get the Golden Egg in order to end the first task. They are only allowed their wands.” 
   Oh thank Godric he doesn’t need to kill a dragon! 
First Champion to enter the arena is Fleur Delacour. Before she could enter, I watched as more than ten men were needed to chain down the Common Green Welch. They used powerful spells to keep it asleep while they chained it up and they only woke the dragon up when they all backed away and stood at a safe distance. The dragon started pulling on the chain immediately, breathing fire around him. I could feel the heat of the flames on my face. If you ignore the fact that they make students face off against such an animal, you can see the power and beauty of it. The slitted eyes watching everything, trying to focus. The extreme heat that radiates off the fire, the way he moves.  Fleur uses a powerful sleeping spell, aiming for the head of the dragon. She has to cast it multiple times before the dragon falls asleep and it takes a while before it works. By the purple jet of light leaving her wand I think she is using Bewitched Sleep. She collects the egg and quickly leaves the arena.  They chain up a new dragon, the Chinese Fireball, it is magnificent to look at. Spouting fire in all directions, showing its power and anger. Viktor Krum enters the arena and people cheer loudly, angering the dragon even more. He uses hard offensive spells to hit the dragon, the sky is filled with the screams of the dragon and I can’t bear to look. I look at the people on the stands, they are all watching what is happening, except one other. Draco meets my eyes, even if it is briefly, as people start to cheer. Viktor hit the dragon in the eye, probably blinding it and getting the egg. Ten men enter the arena and stun the dragon before levitating it out of the arena.  I hope they can treat the wounds for that dragon. He didn’t deserve to be in so much pain.   Next a Swedish Short-Snout is being chained up.  Please let it be Harry walking through the doors. Please.  My heart sinks as I see a yellow shirt emerging from the doors. I quickly glance back at Draco, he has a smirk on his face.  Why did he have to be right?  The dragon is known to be very food oriented and Cedric knows his dragons, because he transfigures a rock into a dog. The attention of the dragon is solely on the dog, but just before Cedric can take the egg he falls. Multiple rocks tumble down, breaking the attention of the dragon. He spits fire at Cedric, who can barely escape the full blast. His shirt on his left arm is burned away, his cry makes it clear that he is burned. Still he moves forward and grabs the egg. The dragon’s trainers run into the arena and stun the dragon from all sides. Cedric can still walk out of the arena, but this was close. My heart is pounding in my throat. Now it is Harry’s turn and unless they change the dragons suddenly then the only one left is the Hungarian Horntail.  Harry looks so small compared to the huge dragon, this is the biggest of them all. People cheer him on, which is a good thing, I expected it to be dead silent. Harry walks out of the door, directly in the direction of the Golden Egg, but he doesn’t even look around. The very aggressive Horntail slams his tail down, just missing him. I hold my hand over my mouth, to keep me from screaming. He falls down between the rocks. The dragon is turning around to face him, pulling himself to his full height before breathing a thick breath of fire. Harry’s quick Seeker reflexes help him escape a second time within seconds. He is searching for a place to hide, trying to get to higher ground. The chain allows the dragon to fly a bit, as it is looking for Harry, slamming his tail and spewing fire. After a few misses, a hit strikes him. He is thrown meters high in the air and comes down hard, he scrambles behind a boulder.  Why isn’t he using his wand? Did he forget everything?  The scream of the dragon pierces through the sky as he spots Harry again. This is the biggest fire I have ever seen. “Your wand, Harry!” I scream in panic. He hears me and calls for his broom.  This dragon is fast, but maybe because of the chains this might work.  The dragon is searching for Harry again, taking flight for a few seconds, the wind produced by those huge wings makes my hair slap me in my face. I quickly use my wand to make a knot and keep it out of the way. One of my favourite things to do is to stick my wand in my knot. It is easy to grab if I need to. I am sitting on the edge of my seat, almost ready to actually jump in and help Harry. The need to do so is strong. Harry jumps on his broom, just missing a hit by fire. He flies up high in the air, out of reach of the dragon. The dragon is pulling on the chains that keep him restricted, but with an awful snapping sound it breaks away. The chain snaps in half, as if it is made of paper. I scream for Harry to fly away, the speed of the Horntail is incredible. The headstart Harry had is gone within seconds. He flies over the podium and the teachers and Ministry employees to get out of the arena. As the dragon follows, his tail strikes the tent covering them, ripping it to shreds. They are both out of view, I can’t see what is happening. A few students run up to the top and scream what is happening. “They are flying towards Hogwarts! Harry is still ahead of it.” That is the only thing they can see, a silence falls over the arena. In the distance we can hear shouting and the mighty roar of the dragon.  I stand up and push my way towards the Headmaster.  He can’t let this happen. This is a clear sign that Harry should not compete in this Tournament and that it is too dangerous for him to continue.  “Headmaster!” I snap as I enter their section. He looks up shocked to see me, other Professors are also looking at me. “You need to stop this,” I demand.“But Miss Granger, I can not do that,” he responds simply. “You can,” I say angrily and stomp my feet like a child. “That dragon might kill Harry. You can’t let that happen. You are the Headmaster of Hogwarts, rumored to be the most powerful wizard alive. You should do something, now!” He blinks as he watches me, a small smile playing on his lips.  What if it is his fault that Harry’s name is entered, what if he did it himself? This could all be one big game of his. Nobody would expect him and he did seem genuinely surprised to see Harry’s name on a piece of parchment. But what if it was all played. Can he be truly trusted? Anyone in his right mind would deny entry of an underage wizard. It is against the rules. This is a death sentence and he knows it.  Before I can throw out my accusations, Harry flies over us. I can just in time look over to see him scoop up the Golden Egg and fly away. The ten dragon’s trainers take their brooms and fly off to find the missing dragon. The Headmaster looks at me for a moment longer before he places his wand against his throat and ends the first task.  I leave and run towards the Champions’ tent to find Harry. He is waiting outside the tent with the egg in one hand and his broom in the other. I wrap my arms around him as my body slams into his. “You could have died,” I sob. “I know, but I didn’t,” he responds as he drops everything and wraps his arms around me.  
  
    Chapter Text
    We walk back to the tower, the atmosphere has changed completely. The portrait flings open before we can say the password. We are greeted with cheering and they pull Harry up in the air. He is still holding the egg and people encourage him to open it, Dumbledore said that the clue for the next task is hidden within it. He is smiling widely and hypes everyone up before he opens up the egg. The moment he does, a screeching sound fills the common room. He falls to the ground because everyone is covering their ears to block out the sound, it only stops when he closes the egg again. Everyone straightens up again. “What the bloody hell was that?” snarls Ron from the portrait hole. “Apparently the clue is not as easily found as opening an egg,” Harry shrugs.  Ron walks up to Harry and sticks out his hand. I watch from a distance as Harry takes it after a moment of hesitation, which everyone notices. Together they walk to a corner and talk for minutes. Ron is talking, using his hands a lot to explain. I have no idea what there is to explain, but I see Harry relax more and more, so whatever Ron is telling him must be working. Harry is smiling when they walk back towards me. “It was all just a big misunderstanding,” Harry announces happily. “Oh was it?” I ask skeptically, eying Ron. “Yes it was,” Ron responds. “Harry would never put his name in it.” I suppress the urge to roll my eyes. Luckily Seamus interrupts us, throwing his arms around Harry and Ron. “Come on, we need to celebrate!”  I turn around and notice that everyone is holding cups of alcohol.  When did that happen?  We get cups pushed into our hands. I smell the sweet scent of the Butterbeer. We are joined by Neville, Ginny, Fred and George. After a few drinks and talking about the tournament we move onto the couches in front of the fire. “Let’s play a game of Truth or Dare,” Seamus laughs. The three Butterbeers are having an amazing effect on my mood, I feel light and relaxed, and the idea of the game is great. “Yeah! Let’s play!” I laugh. We all raise our cups and cheer.  I am sitting sandwiched between Fred and George, their arms around my shoulders. It is so warm and cozy. What is a better way to spend an evening, I want to do this everyday, drinking with friends and talking. “Harry, truth or dare?” Seamus starts. “Truth!” he shouts excited. “Were you scared of the dragon?” Seamus asks. “Of course! Hermione helped me a lot!” I snort. “Anything for you,” I giggle and raise my cup before taking a sip. “Hermione, truth or dare?” Harry asks. “Truth!” “How many books did you read for the First Task?” he asks.  What a boring question. “I don’t know, a lot. Almost everything about dragons, I am an expert by now.” “Fred, truth or dare?” I ask and look up. “Other one, darling,” he laughs in my ear. I turn my head and smile sheepishly. “That is not my fault, you two look too much alike.” “Don’t worry, our mum can’t tell us apart and you are already sloshed,” George laughs. “I am going to do a dare,” Fred announces. 
   Oh bloody hell I need to come up with a dare. It needs to be good. Show them what fun I can be.  
“Do as many push ups as you can,” I dare him. “Granger, Granger, Granger… you underestimate me. I can do 50 push ups, with ease!” he boasts as he tips his drink back.  His start is promising, but after just a few push ups he starts trembling. I giggle and he looks up at me, his face getting redder by the second. He can’t even finish fifteen push ups before he falls down. “That is because of the alcohol!” he puffs out. We are all laughing at him. Neville walks away and I frown.  Did we do something wrong? He doesn’t look angry, I think.  Before I can stand up and follow him Fred falls back beside me. “That was a mean one,” he laughs. “Everyone thinks you are so innocently sweet, but I know you, Granger. You are a dangerous one,” he whispers in my ear. I can smell something stronger than Butterbeer on his breath. “You have no idea,” I giggle softly. “Can I have what you are having?”He raises his eyebrow. “Can you handle that?” “I can handle everything,” I tease back. He hands me his cup and I sniff. It smells even stronger and with hints of herbs. The moment the liquid touches my lips I can feel the tingling sensation, it follows all the way towards my stomach. The cup is empty and I hand it back, and lean back against the couch. Fred hugs me against him and we listen to other people answering  questions and completing dares.  It is my turn and the alcohol is working. “Dare!” I laugh. Harry is looking at me with big shocked eyes.“Oh come on, I can have fun! Ask me anything,” I taunt him. “Eh… I don’t know… Don’t hand in your homework for tomorrow,” he offers with a shrug. 
   Seriously? 
   “Why do you only ask things about books or school,” I grunt. “Ask me anything else, nothing related to books or school,” I demand and stand in front of him. I cross my arms and it kind of feels like it is going in slow motion, but I ignore it. “I know something,” Neville says behind me. I turn around and Neville is standing quite close to me, in his hand he has a bag with something green in it. “What is that?” I ask curiously. “Weed,” he says simply. “How did you get that,” I exclaim, but I feel curious about the experience. “I read about the plant and its uses, so I am growing it in Greenhouse 4. After I  harvested them I used magic to dehydrate them and I think it is ready for use.” I stare at him with my mouth open.  How rebelious of him, who would have known? “My dare for you is that you smoke a joint,” he laughs. I feel the alcohol swirling in my stomach, but the Firewhiskey has given me the courage to accept the dare.  Let’s show them how fun I can be.  “I accept!” I yell out happily.  We all sit around the small table, watching Neville roll the joints. He hands me one and I look around.  What do I need to do now? It needs to be lit right. I have seen some people smoke in movies, but never thought I would try it. Neville hands me a lighter and I pull on all the courage I have. I light the joint that I hold between my lips, softly I suck on it. The smoke is filling my mouth and I cough already, but I don’t stop trying. Everyone is looking at me as I inhale more smoke, this time reaching my lungs. It burns and I don’t know why people would do this, it also stinks. I sit down next to Harry and offer it to him, the others are sharing the remaining joints. We are the only ones left in the common room. After ten minutes I feel the effects starting, I am leaning against Harry, and I giggle even more. We pass the joint between us, Ron is sitting on the ground, in front of the couch and is sharing a joint with his brothers. Neville is laying in one of the chairs, passing the joint with Seamus and Ginny. “Let’s do another round of questions,” Ginny says as she laughs. I take another drag and hand it back to Harry, while agreeing with Ginny. We do a few rounds and everyone does different dares. This time the dares are a bit more exciting. Fred and George show that they have different moles on their butts. Neville kisses Seamus on the cheek, Ron takes two shots of Firewhiskey, Harry takes his shirt off. “Hermione, truth or dare?” Fred and George ask. “Truth.” They whisper together before they ask. “How far have you gone with a guy?” Fred asks. “Or girl, no problems with that,” George adds. “A guy made me come with his fingers, in the Astronomy Tower,” I giggle and hide my face in Harry’s shoulder as a blush takes over. I see the mouths drop open. “Who?” they all ask shocked. “No, I won’t tell you that! He is not from Gryffindor, that is all I am going to say,” I laugh and take my face away from Harry.  They try a few more times, calling out names, but they are not even close to the right person. I refuse to respond to them and eventually they move on with the game. The joint is done and I crush the smoldering tip in a glass I transfigured to an ashtray. My whole body feels relaxed and I have a slight tingling feeling. I am so happy, only one person would make it even better. My mind is wandering towards our night at the Astronomy Tower, I clench my legs together as I feel the effects of the thoughts. “Hermione, truth or dare,” Fred smirks, he knows he pulls me out of a thought, because he winks at me.“Dare,” I respond as I shove the memories aside. “Kiss someone in this room,” he says with another wink. I stare at him with my mouth slightly open.  Can I? He wants to kiss me, that is clear. But can I kiss someone other than Draco? Are he and I in a secret relationship or are we just having fun? We didn’t talk about this and we only did things a few times. Do I want to kiss someone? Who should I kiss? Fred or George can make things difficult maybe and they are older. Ron is a hard no, Ginny also a no. Harry is close and he makes me feel comfortable.   Everyone is waiting for me. I grab my cup with the last sip of Firewhiskey, I throw it back and look around the group for a moment. My eyes fall on Ron, he is watching me very closely, leaning more forward than before. I move over to look at Harry, he is smiling at me in a confident way. I lean towards him and wait for his reaction. My heart is beating fast in my chest.  What if he doesn’t want to do this and I make a complete fool out of myself? He leans forward and his hand caresses my cheek. I close the gap between us and kiss him. Immediately I feel weird, he isn’t a bad kisser, but it is kinda wet and sloppy. He is  opening and closing his lips over my closed lips, not waiting for my response. Softly I push against his shoulder to stop the kiss. He is grinning from ear to ear and all I can muster is a small smile back. 
   This was awful, why did I expect it to be better. Well, because when Draco kisses me, my knees go weak, my mind goes blank and fireworks explode in my belly. I guess it is good to know that not every guy gives me that feeling.  
Almost everyone is cheering and it makes me laugh. “After I saw you two in the Great Hall this morning I knew something was going on!” Ginny laughs loudly. “Oh no! It is nothing like that!” I try to defend, but they don’t hear me. “He is the Astronomy Tower Mystery Man right?” Fred wiggles his eyebrows at me. “Honestly, I am not,” Harry shakes his head and holds up his hands as if he surrenders. “That means that Hermione is spreading her legs for more people,” Ron snarls. Everyone falls silent and stares at him, I quickly wipe my mouth on my sleeve. “Excuse me?” I ask offended. “You heard me. You are spreading your legs for everyone.” “I most certainly am not,” I snap back, the happy feeling of the weed and alcohol disappearing in a second. “How dare you say something like that?” Anger is building up, Harry might have forgiven him, but I have not and this is the last drop of it. “Tell us who the mystery guy is. It is not Harry or me, so who is it?” “Why would you think it was Harry? I was there for him, supporting him while you were talking hippogriff shit about him. Telling everyone you are cheering for Cedric, calling Harry a cheat. But now that he has won the First Task, no thanks to you, you want to be his best friend again. Are you hoping people will notice you more again?” All the build up frustration and bad thoughts fly out of me. Ron is red in the face as he stands up and towers over me, he grabs my hand and yanks me towards him. I scramble to my feet and fall into his chest. His hold on my arm is very strong and I can feel the bruise starting to form. Harry jumps up and try to get my arm loose, but he only tightens his grip. “You are hurting me, Ronald,” I whimper. “Let go of me.” I try to shove him away, but he is too strong and tall to really have an effect.  Fred and George are talking a hold of Ron and ripping his hand from my arm, they drag him with them and Harry wraps me in his arms. He is still shirtless and I feel his warmth against my skin. Tears are slipping down my cheeks as I feel everyone staring at me. It is suffocating. “I need some air,” I whisper and wiggle myself from Harry’s arm. “I’ll come,” he responds and pulls on his shirt. I shake my head and quickly walk towards the portrait hole. “I’ll be fine, I just need some air.” I say quickly and leave the common room.  The colder air hits me in my face as I step into the Tower and walk down the stairs.  I knew Ron had trouble with his anger this year, but I don't understand why? Why is he directing it at me. What did I do wrong to be treated like this?  I look at my arm and see the bruise already blooming on my arm, but it’s mostly red, with some darker spots where his fingers were.  Oh my God, he actually grabbed me. He was violent with me. Assaulted me. The tears are falling faster and my breaths are coming in short puffs. I hold my hand over my mouth to keep from making too much noise. I am running towards the Astronomy Tower and up the stairs. Breathing is getting harder and harder, but I need to be in a safe place before I can let myself go. I trip over the last step and fall on the platform, coughing and trying harder. My vision is getting darker.  Panic attack. I. Am. Having. A. Panic. Attack. Attack. Attack. Ron. Attacked me. What if… the others… oh god… what if we were alone… no, no, no… not a friend… wouldn’t do that... Dangerous… such anger… why… what did I do wrong… ruined the evening…  My ears are ringing and I am gasping for air. It feels like he has his hands around my neck instead of my arm. I lift my hand to touch my neck, to remind myself that Ron is not here. They won’t let him go. I am safe here. He won’t touch me again. He  wouldn’t  touch me again…would he?  Calm down… Breathe in.... Breathe out.   “HERMIONE?” I suddenly hear my name  yelled near my ear. I look up towards the sound, but black spots are obscuring my view. Someone grabs me by both my arms, it feels like lightning strikes me and I throw myself back, away from the person. The person grabs my hands before I can fall down the stairs. “Hermione, what is wrong?” He asks. I get pulled back, away from the stairs and once the person is satisfied with the distance, I can feel two cool hands on my cheeks. It feels like ice cubes against my burning skin and I let go of a sigh. Breathing is getting easier and my vision is going back to normal. I let my head hang and the tears fall. “You are going to be okay, I am with you,” I can hear words being murmured. I look up and recognise the striking blond hair. “Draco?” I ask softly, uncertain if it is really him or if I am imagining  him. “What are you doing here?” “I needed to finish my Astronomy homework,” he answers softly. “What happened? Why are you looking like this?” He wants to remove his hands but I lay my hands on him, making sure he keeps holding me.  I need you.  “Something bad happened,” I whisper and feel the tears coming back. “Hey, hey, hush now. I am with you. You can tell me if you want,” he whispers back and pulls me towards him.  I burrow my head in his shoulder, breathing in deeply. His scent is filling me, sweet flowers and something spicy mixed in. I stay silent  for a few minutes, collecting my thoughts and calming down. Eventually I pull back and look up into his grey eyes. “Something bad happened,” I try again. He just nods and I look around. Before I came up here, he must have been sitting on the ground with the telescope on the right height to easily switch between watching and writing on his parchment. His neat handwriting is ruined by multiple thick splotches of ink dripping off his quill. “We were celebrating and having a drink. Then Neville came in with weed,” I start. “A muggle drug, you get a good and relaxed feeling from it. I liked it, actually. I was very relaxed and giggle-y. The smoking was difficult at first, I kept coughing, but eventually it worked. Fred gave me Firewhiskey for the first time, that stuff burns.”  Draco nods silently and keeps a hold on me as I ramble on.  “We were all playing truth or dare. The first rounds were boring, all they asked me was about books and school. I have a life beside that, you know. Then Neville came with the weed and things got more exciting. Eventually Fred dared me to kiss someone in the room. He winked at me, so I thought that he wanted to kiss me, but I don’t want it to be awkward with George and I, if I kissed Fred. And I am not attracted to them. I didn’t want to kiss Ginny, not into girls. Seamus and Neville I didn’t want to kiss because they are my friends. Ron has been mean since the beginning of the year so that is a no, the best option of them all would be Harry. He was sitting next to me and I leaned towards him. We kissed and it was so bad. I wish you were there so I could have kissed you. When you kiss me, I can’t think straight and it is so hot. The way you move your lips, take control and know just how to touch me, it drives me mad. But Harry kissed so badly, it was wet and sloppy. To be honest it felt like kissing a brother, or how I imagine it would be, since I am an only child. But do you have those very distant cousins you only see once a year or less and you need to kiss them on the cheek and it is very awkward?” I take a deep breath as I wait for his answer. He shakes his head in disagreement, his hair moving along with him and a few strands fall on his forehead, almost in his eyes. I purse my lips and frown. “Why do I always want to run my hands through your hair?” I breathe. He smirks and holds down both my hands with his. I look at our hands, his long fingers gently lay around mine. There is no pressure, not a feeling of danger or anger.  “Ron lost it. I don’t know why, he accused me of spreading my legs for everyone. But I don’t” I assure him. “I should not have kissed Harry, because I don’t know what we are and if we are something. I know we should be secret and I didn’t tell anyone about us. Only that some guy made me come to the Astronomy Tower. They guessed, but they were all wrong about the mystery guy.” A blush is creeping on my cheeks. “Suddenly Ron was standing in front of me, pulling me up by my arm. He took hold of me very hard, I think it is already bruising even. Harry couldn’t even get him off me. It took Fred and George both to get him away from me. So I left, I felt like I was choking in there. To be near Ron. So I came here, but I think the combination with running up the stairs and the panic I felt when Ron grabbed me sent me into a full panic attack. I couldn’t breath and I was seeing these black spots in my vision. Then you grabbed my arm and I couldn’t see you. So I got even more scared,” I end in a whisper. I watch as Draco’s face drops. “That fucking Weasel. He is dead,” he hisses. He wants to stand, but I grab his hand. “Please, don’t leave me,” I whisper. “I can’t. That pathetic excuse of a human is walking around, I can’t let that happen. He hurt you,” he is snarling, his eyes are looking wild. He keeps checking the walls of the Astronomy Tower and then looks back at me.“Please, don’t do anything. Not tonight, please Draco,” I beg him. “All night I wanted to be with you and now you are here. Please don’t leave.”  It takes him a moment, but he nods and pulls me into his arms. He sits on the ground and I crawl on his lap. My legs are on either side of him and I bury my face in the crook of his neck. His scent calms me as he strokes my back. We sit like this for minutes, maybe even an hour. The alcohol and drugs are wearing off, but I feel something stirr. Without thinking about it, I slowly rock my body against him. The heat in my core is getting hotter as I shift my body slightly to the right.  Does he keep his wand in his pocket? I roll my head to look out over the edge of the tower and notice his wand laying next to his school supplies. “Oh god!” I gasp as I realise what I am feeling. “Sorry,” he whispers and tries to shift. “No don’t,” I say suddenly and hold him still as I keep rocking on his lap. Maybe some of the extra courage has not left me, or this is just me. I just know that I want him, so badly, so desperately, I need him. “Draco,” I moan softly as I grind harder against him, his breath ragged. “Hermione,” he moans and bites my earlobe, shooting delicious little sparks through my body. His voice is the lowest I have ever heard. “I want more,” I admit to him. “I don’t want to do it like this,” he responds.  I push myself back and look him in the eyes. His eyes fully dilated, the silver almost not visible. “Did I do something wrong? It is okay if you don’t want to, we don’t need to of course. I am not drunk anymore, I swear,” I ramble quickly. “You did nothing wrong, but I don’t want you to get a feeling that I am using you. You had such a rough night. It just seems wrong,” his eyes are going back to normal as he talks and I stop moving. “You are not using me,” I begin. “Tonight wasn’t that bad, only Ron was bad. I had fun tonight to be honest and now I am happy with you.” “Isn’t it too soon?” he asks and glides a finger from my forehead, over my cheek to my lips. He pulls on my lower lip. “I don’t think so, I have never done it before,” I admit as my cheeks heat up. “Me neither.” “What?” I ask shocked. He rolls his eyes and frowns slightly. “Don’t be like that, we are not that old. I think we are further than other classmates.” “No, I know, but you seemed so experienced,” I mumble. His demeanor changes completely, he smirks and lets his hands fall to my hips. “Experienced huh? You liked it?” I watch his eyes dilate again. “Yes, I liked it and I want more,” I whisper before I kiss him. We start out slow, he molds his lips over mine, taking over the control. He pulls me towards him, letting me grind over him and getting him back to rock hard. His tongue flicks over the seam of my lips and I open my mouth, he dips inside. Licking and demanding my submission, and I am loving every second of it. My core is on fire and wet at the same time. His hands are gliding up my body, exploring me more, cupping my breasts. I push myself forward, getting even closer to him, more friction. “I want you, Draco.” He moans and squeezes my breast in response. “So beautiful,” he moans. I repeat his name over and over again as he starts to unbutton my white blouse. Everytime he opens it up further he places a kiss on the exposed skin. He moans as he sees my white lace bra. “You are going to kill me, so delicate, so gorgeous.” My blouse falls open and he just stares at it, complete silence. He looks up at me. “Hermione, I want you. So bloody bad. I can’t think of anything else. You are all I can think of,” he breathes. “Then take me, Draco. Make me yours. Let’s share this, give each other pleasure,” the words tumble out, leaving me breathless and blushing.  He doesn’t respond with words, but with actions, my blouse gets pushed off and he scoops me up and lays me down on the ground. He reaches over my head and grabs his wand. With a few quick spells the room fills with cushions and a blanket spreads out. Candles appear everywhere and burst into little flickering flames. I grab the hem of his shirt and pull it over his head. The warm lighting is highlighting his abs. He is so lean, the perfect body of a Seeker. I never cared about Quidditch, but if I get to see Draco more in his tight uniform and afterwards see this. His skin is so smooth, I glide my hand over him and he shivers as I go lower. I look up at him as my fingers touch his waistband. His mouth is hanging open but he nods. I flick the button open and lower the zipper. My hand moves over his erection in his boxers. His head falls back as I keep stroking him. I wet my lips as I let my hand glide in his boxers. He hisses my name as I pull him free and pump his cock.  Wow, I thought it would be softer, but it is really hard, but I think I am doing it well. He is moaning, he moans so hot.  A bead of liquid pools on the tip of his cock, I know what it is of course, but I am curious as to how it tastes. I bend over and slip my mouth over the tip and suck. It is a bit salty, but I don’t mind the taste. “Fuck!” he groans and I quickly look up to see if I have done something wrong. “Please go on, it was so good,” he moans as he catches my look. I smirk at him and move my mouth back to his cock, slipping it back in as my hand pumps. “Oh Granger… my Granger… my good girl,” he moans. I let him go deeper and he grips my hair. After a few minutes my jaws get sore, but I don’t want to stop. I like giving him pleasure. “No, I don’t want to come yet,” he whispers. “I want to do more.” I pull my mouth back and he grabs my face as he kisses me. “Now it is your turn,” he says between kisses. His hands are running up my legs and under my skirt. “I want to taste you, I want to make you come with my fingers, my mouth and with my cock. Your throat will be sore from screaming my name.” He slowly peels off my white lace knickers and tosses them to the side. “I want you so bad,” he groans.His words encourage me to let my legs fall open, giving him all the room he needs to crawl between them.“Can you smell yourself, your sweet juices. Driving me crazy, Granger.” He slides a finger through my slit, my wetness is reflected by the flickering lights. I watch as he pops the finger in his mouth and sucks on it while moaning. “I knew it. You taste better than anything I have ever tasted before.” This time he plunges his fingers deep inside of me. I gasp at the sudden feeling of being filled. My mind blurs and my body takes over. I grind against him as he drops lower and kisses his way up to my core. His breath is tickling me, but finally I feel his lips on my slit. His tongue glides through it, dipping in it more, tasting me more. “Draco!” I whimper as he adds a second finger to my cunt and sucks on my clit. The muscles in my stomach are tightening and I am breathing harder. He pushes harder and flexes his fingers just the right angle. The release explodes as I scream his name. My whole body is shaking and coated in a layer of sweat. “Such a good girl, coming so hard for me. Why don’t you do it again?” he asks sweetly between kisses on my thigh. “I can’t!” I say shocked. “I think you can.” He is right, within minutes my muscles are tightening again. It starts as a slight twitch in my foot and it travels up my leg. My hands shake and before I know it my breath catches and I let out a strangled moan, I arch my back from the ground.  He removes his trousers and lays next to me. I roll to my side and snuggle into him, catching my breath. He is looking at me, his eyes still wide and his cock pressed into my thigh. “Do you still want more, or do you want to stop here?” He asks. “More,” I admit shyly. He reaches for his wand again and I think he is going to cast the contraceptive charm. We all learned it the last week before the summer. He doesn’t, he touches the tip to my arm. As I look down I can see the huge bruise, I can clearly see each finger in my skin. With a whisper of a spell, the bruises are clearing up, until they are fully gone. As he keeps eye contact with me I can feel the point of his wand touch my lower stomach. “You sure?” he asks. I nod. He whispers the spell and I feel the warmth spreading through my body. As if a hot wind moves over me.  He moves back between my legs, never breaking eye contact. I pull up my legs and wrap them around him. His cock is laying against my entrance. Slowly he is entering me and I frown at the weird feeling. It is so different from fingers, much bigger, but not unpleasant. Draco is breathing hard, resting his forehead against mine. “Should I push in further?” he asks softly. “Yes, do it. All in,” I moan back. He caresses my face as he slightly moves out and slams back into me. Sinking fully into me. I whimper at the sudden feeling, stretched around his hard cock. He keeps moving in and out of me and with each movement the pain lessens. Within a minute the pleasure is getting back, more intense than ever before, if that is even possible. My mind is blank, I can’t describe it. The only word leaving my lips is his name. I move my hand between us, if I could just get that last little push, I can already come. “No, you are not going to get yourself off. I am going to do that,” he pushes my hand away but replaces it with his. His slightly callus fingers move over my clit, putting a bit more pressure each time he flicks over it. My eyes are falling closed as the orgasm is taking control of my body. “Look at me,” Draco demands. I force my eyes open, looking in his silver eyes, focusing on him. “If you come, I come,” he moans and I buck my hips in response. “Harder,” I ask him. He kisses me roughly, mouths open and gliding over each other, tongues licking and tasting. My breath is catching and my muscles tighten again. “Be a good girl and come for me. Let me fill you up,” he moans. “Now.” I do. His command lets the orgasm shoot through me. We moan each other's names as we both come. He lays down on me, kissing my cheek, wrapping me in his arms. “You are mine, Granger… Mine.” 
  
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    I don’t remember how I got back to the tower, but I was floating.  He fucked me right into heaven. That boy is trouble and I like it. For the first time in a week I fall asleep within seconds, my head hits the pillow and I am sucked into a black dreamless sleep. 
I wake up late and have to rush to the Great Hall for breakfast. I don’t even look where I sit, I just go to my normal place. As I start preparing my toast I look up. Harry is looking between me and Ron. I narrow my eyes at Ron but ignore him, even if the bruises are gone, I still know what he did and what he said. For that, I won’t forgive him. 
 
Harry remains silent but keeps watching us during breakfast. I have nothing to say to them so I focus on my toast and preparing my tea. As I look up and take a bite I search for my favourite colored eyes. Sometimes grey, sometimes like liquid silver and now I know how little you see of the color when he comes, his dilated pupil taking over. 
I find him already staring at me, a smirk playing on his lips.  Is he thinking about last night, just like I am? His body rocking against mine.  I gasp at the sensitive tingling between my legs, a physical memory of last night. A smile is trying to break through, but I fight it.  Our little secret.  
I look around the table.  Harry, absolutely a virgin, too shy to do anything. Ron, no question about it, he would be bragging about it. Neville, very sweet, but I have never seen him with a girlfriend, but that doesn’t mean anything. Who would have thought him to be a weed grower? The Twins? Oh they have had sex, you just get that feeling when you see them. They are so comfortable and they literally can’t stop flirting with every female they meet, sometimes they even flirt with the boys. Ginny is the same, always looking at boys, waggling her eyebrows. 
I eat my toast and look over the other tables when I hear Ron’s voice. 
“She’s doing it for attention. I didn’t do anything wrong, she is trying to set everyone against me. I was just saying out loud what everyone was thinking,” he scoffs. 
“I don’t know, I don’t see her like that. She is nice, she helped me when I got lost in the castle,” a younger boy argues. 
“It is all a game. She wants you to think she is good, but she is full of shit. She is making everyone believe in her, that she is just a little know it all, obsessed with getting compliments of Professors and reading books. But I know she is plotting something and I am going to find out what it is,” he ends with a hiss. 
I pretend that I don’t hear him and focus on my toast. My appetite is gone and I push my plate away. Harry frowns, I stand and quickly walk out of the Great Hall.  Ron is up to something. 
 
I don’t look where I am walking and crash into something big, I stumble back and catch the wall to keep myself from falling. I look up into very dark eyes, it is the first time that I see them from so up close. “Sorry, didn’t see you there,” I begin as I look him up and down. “Professor,” I add. 
We are in the hallway I note as I look around. 
“Miss Granger,” he begins in his usual drawling voice. “Why don’t you look ahead instead of walking around… Like a chicken without its head.” 
“Well sorry for having a lot on my mind,” I snap without thinking. “I have school, working twice as hard as others to prove myself, Ron is secretly plotting against me, even laid hands on me last night, but people just ignore it. Harry always gets into trouble and I am the one staying up all night to read stupid books about dragons to make sure he doesn’t die. Don’t you think I wouldn’t rather read a nice adventure book? With all due respect, Professor, you could also watch where you walk,” I sneer and walk away from him. 
“Miss Granger,” he calls after me. 
I whirl around. “What?” 
“Detention this afternoon. Take your potion kit with you, 10 points from Gryffindor” he says and walks away, his robes bellowing behind him. 
Is he fucking serious, he could have looked out. Why do I need to come to detention?  I huff and walk towards the classroom. 
 
Nobody is in yet, so I sit down and grab all my things. My foot is tapping on the ground impatiently. I am so angry about the detention, I don’t care about the house points. 
“Are you okay?” I hear a whisper. 
I look up and Draco is towering over me, the anger evaporates from me the second I look into his eyes. “I got detention, and Ron is planning something,” I whisper back and glance around the room. 
We are still alone, but he is standing a few steps away from me. Far enough to quickly take a seat if anyone would walk in. 
“Why? Also that Weasel better watch out or I will be coming for him,” he snarls. 
“I walked into Professor Snape. I heard Ron talking at breakfast, he is planning something but I don’t know what. Maybe yesterday was just a start,” I wonder out loud fidgeting with my fingers. 
“What are you going to do about the Weasel?” 
“Waiting until he makes his next move, I will be expecting something. Draco, we can’t talk here. Tonight at the Astronomy Tower?” I ask as I keep looking at the door. 
“Want to do more things like yesterday?” he asks in a husky voice near my ear. 
“Yes please,” I smile shyly at him. 
He lunges towards me and steals a quick kiss. I watch him with a shocked expression as he takes his seat on the other side of the classroom. He grabs his books, parchment, ink, and quill, he lays everything out with precision. His quill straight next to the parchment, his ink pot above it and his book is flipped open to the correct page. 
He winks as he catches me staring. I blush as I look forward just in time before people enter the class. Harry lets himself fall into the chair next to me, Ron next to him. I keep staring ahead of me, ignoring them completely. Professor McGonnagall walks in and the class quiets down. 
This is the first time that I sit in a Transfiguration class and don’t raise my hand to answer a question. I fail two of the four given class assignments and she frowns at me but stays quiet. Harry is also looking at me everytime he gets the chance. I turn my head away and catch a glimpse of Draco.  Tonight. Just focus on tonight. Everything will be better.  
 
We get dismissed and I shove my items back in my bag. I walk out of the class and immediately walk toward the next. 
“Herminny?” A heavy accented voice calls me. I turn around and see Viktor Krum walking towards me. “How are you?” he asks. 
“I am well, thank you. How are you doing? Can I help you with anything?” I ask politely and hide my irritation. 
“Yes, thank you. I was vondering if you vould like to go out for a valk,” his heavy accent drawing out words. 
I am taken aback from his sudden question. “Oh, yes, I guess we could go out for a walk, but I don’t have long,” I inform him. 
He holds his elbow out for me, before I take hold of it I check the time.  I have half an hour before I need to be back, that is manageable. I smile friendly at him and we walk toward the Black Lake. It is still early in the morning and I stare at the dew on the grass and small flowers. 
“I vanted to ask you something,” Viktor begins and I wait for him. “You are really smart.” I smile and thank him, a bit weirded out by the sudden compliment. “And very pretty. I vanted to ask you to the Yule ball.” 
“Ohh,” I gasp, I did not see this coming. “Why?”
He looks shocked at my reaction. “Vhy? You are the most beautiful girl here. You are different, and I like that about you.” 
“You really want to take me to the Yule ball?” I ask to be sure. 
“Yes, vill you be my date to the Yule ball, Herminny?” 

   I can’t really go with Draco, Viktor seems nice. Harry would probably go with Ron, so if I want a date and a fun night, why not go with Viktor? 

I smile and nod. “That seems like a lovely idea! I would like to go to the Yule Ball with you.” 
He smiles and kisses my hand.  Oh! What a gentleman.  We watch the lake for a few minutes where he is standing closer to me than before. He is very tall and broad, his uniform making him even look larger than he already is. When we walk back I hold onto his arm, he again offered it to me.  Maybe that is very normal at Durmstrang or he is being a properly raised gentleman. As a goodbye he kisses my hand and bows for me. 
 
I quickly walk towards the potions class, no need to be the know-it-all today as I already have detention and I don’t need to suck up to Professor Snape. Harry is sitting in the front of the class and I sit next to him, once again ignoring the person on his other side. 
The Professor's eyes linger a little too long on our table, flicking between me and Ron. I slightly narrow my eyes at him and he moves along.  Even he is not going to call out Ron. Maybe it is for the better, why pull more attention to me. It is not like I have a bruise to show it. This class is better than the last, I fulfill everything that is being asked of me and I feel a bit better. Some of the tests were above our level, but I managed them, along with just a handful of other students, mostly Slytherins. 
 
I eat my lunch and go to the library, I need to start looking into that egg.  Why is it screaming if you open it?  I use the spell Draco told me about to search for clues within books so I don’t waste too much time looking for books. 
I have a huge stack of books on the table and copying their names when I get interrupted with a heavy accented voice. 
“Can I sit vith you?” Viktor asks. 
I smile politely and let him sit, he doesn’t ask anything, he just watches me. Looking at how I am writing, angling my parchment instead of my hand. He doesn’t question what I am working on or why I have so many books scattered around me. I don’t even think he has an idea that I am researching the golden egg he too has.  What if he already figured it out? That can’t be right. He hasn't had it for 24 hours yet, that would be impossible. The next task is after the Christmas break and just the day before we have the Yule ball. An event where he is taking me to and I have no idea what to wear. Should I ask Ginny? I hate shopping though, and she would make me try on hundreds of dresses and shoes and hairstyles. That is just too exhausting, I want something simple and maybe shock everyone in some way. Show them that I am not an ugly duckling, but a beautiful swan.  
I snicker at my thoughts.  Who am I kidding, I want to look like a vixen. Show everyone what side of me they don’t know. I bet Draco would drool. Who would be his date?  
After lunch Viktor once again kisses my hand before he leaves. The rest of the classes go by quickly. Before I know it I am walking back towards the dungeons. 
 
“Miss Granger,” I am greeted by his low and monotone voice the second I step in the classroom. “You can start with making a few batches of Skele-Gro.” 
The ingredients are all spread out on the table and the cauldron waiting for me. Without further acknowledging I begin working. My book with my notes next to me, but I don’t even glance at it. I know this potion already, it is easy to brew, but awful to drink. 
I have made three batches of the potion before he dismisses me. He did not look up once to watch me work, he didn’t even check if I did it right. All he did was ignore me and read his book. His book  Potions of Our Time must have been more interesting than watching me brew potions. At least he didn’t criticize me and it was actually nice to work in silence and only focusing on it, taking my mind off other things. 
 
While I am walking toward the Great Hall for dinner someone grabs my wrists. On instinct I pull out my wand and hold it under the chin of the person grabbing me. In the evening light I see a glimpse of blond hair. I lower my wand. 
“What are you doing?” I hiss. “Someone could have seen you.” 
“I know, or you could have hit me with a spell. That was quick thinking of you,” he smirks at me, his arms wrapping around my waist. 
“Draco, we can’t risk it,” I laugh very softly as I step closer to him, I can’t control myself. 
That annoying voice in my head that always reminds me of all the bad things that could happen quiets down. His scent is inviting me even closer. I rest my head against his shoulder, his hand moving to my head. He scrapes his nails over my head and a shiver runs down my back. 
“You see, Granger,” he begins. Kissing my neck between words. “You are driving me crazy. I thought after last night it would calm down, but here we are…” 
I am feeling dizzy with desire, swaying on my feet. “Here we are,” I repeat and suck on his earlobe, kissing my way along his jawline. 
He bucks his hips against me. “I want you, I want to pull up that skirt and fuck you here.” 
My cunt is clenching with the thought of it, desperate to be filled again. “If you are quick, you can,” I tease. 
Immediately his hands drop to the hem of my skirt, hiking it up, touching my thighs and arse. He squeezes and lifts me up. We are in a dark hallway, where nobody comes at night, we are hidden behind a hanging tapestry. 
I flick open his button and lower the zipper. His cock is already hard and pressing against my hand, begging to be freed. His trousers drop to his knees. Again he lifts me by my arse and I hook my leg around him. We stumble a bit as he loses his balance. My back collides with the wall, quite hard and I let out a soft groan. 
“Sorry, never done this before,” he groans. 
“Hope not,” I murmur and adjust myself so I am leaning more against the wall and he can still enter me. 
He huffs out a laugh, his hand wrapping around me and from behind he moves my knickers to the side. “This is going to be quick,” he announces before impaling me with his rock hard cock. 
He clasps his hand over my mouth as I let out a whimper. After I have adjusted myself to his size back inside of me, I nod for him to let me go. He grabs my arse with both hands and hikes me up a bit higher. This gives him the room he needs to start pounding into. There is no other way to describe it, he keeps sliding into me until his balls hit my ass, creating a soft slapping noise. I would giggle at the sound, but pressure is already building in my core. The angle where the tip of his cock hit is just perfect and my clit is being rubbed by his movements and this stance. 
I curl more towards him, my hand in his hair, pulling at the light blond strands, making him moan against my neck. His lips are being replaced by teeth as he bites down on my pulse point, this sends me into orgasming. The perfect hit of his cock and the sharp pain of his bite create a fusion of pleasure. I pull hard on his hair, bite him on the same spot he did me and I clench around his cock. My vision is blurry and I see stars. 
His soft groan is the announcement of his orgasm. With a few deep and hard thrusts, while I am still recovering from my orgasm, he comes inside of me. His nails are digging in my arse, leaving half moon indents behind. Our foreheads are resting against each other and I watch him take deep breaths to regain control. 
“So good,” he moans softly and kisses me. 
The kiss is soft and sweet, as he slips out of me and sets me back on the ground. I shiver at the cold air between my wet legs. He breaks the kiss and lets his wand catch the light, so I know what he is going to do. With a  Scourify  he cleans us both up and touches the tip of his wand against my lower belly. The light from his wand disappears inside of me and I feel the wave of heat travel through my body. 
As he is dressing himself, I do the same, I pull my knickers back into place and straighten my skirt and blouse. It does have a few extra wrinkles, but nothing too obvious. 
Draco is smirking at me. “Who would have thought, Hermione Granger can be so bad.” 
“I like breaking the rules like this,” I giggle and kiss him on the mouth. 
His arms wrap around me again as he deepens the kiss. He pushes me against the wall and I moan into his mouth. His hand on my hip tightens and he is rubbing his groin against my lower belly, his knee bent between my legs and I rub myself against him. Giving each other more pleasure minutes after we both came. 
 
We are bathed in light, I blink in the direction of the source and my heart drops.  Oh Merlin no.  
“Out!” hisses Professor Snape as he grabs us both by our arms. 
Without saying anything more he drags us towards the Great Hall.  What are people going to think. This can’t be happening. How can we be so bad at being secret lovers. How are we going to explain this? Ron will have enough evidence of me plotting something if he knows what I am doing with Draco. Nobody will trust me anymore. No, no, no… 
The doors are open and we walk right through. I can quickly catch the scared and shocked expression from Draco. We stumble along with the Professor. The moment we are noticed by the students everyone starts to whisper. More heads look up to see who just came in. 
Harry’s mouth drops open as he follows us. The Professor only lets go of us when we are right in front of the Headmaster. I scan the table and see the disappointment on Professor McGonnagalls face.  That is it.  
“Dumbledore,” Professor Snape begins. “I found them…” 
“Fighting,” I interrupt him rudely. “Malfoy couldn’t keep his overly large mouth shut. Calling me names, and after the day I had, I just had to shut him up.” 
I see the Headmaster's eyes widen in surprise. 
“If you could just act like a normal student, Granger. We would not have a problem,” Draco hisses right along with my plan. 

  Please, please, please. Don’t ruin my idea, Snape. 

He looks down at me and frowns. I feel like I am pleading with him with my eyes so as not to give away too much to other people. 
“What will be a proper punishment for their conflict?” he eventually asks the Headmaster. 
He watches us both. “50 points from their houses and a full week of detention with you.” 
“A week?!” I burst out. “But it wasn’t that bad!” I say before I can stop myself. 
 
He chooses to ignore my outburst and simply dismisses us. I wipe my hands on my skirt, trying to smooth it even more. The marks from his nail are probably still visible underneath the skirt. I ignore all the staring people and find a spot near my friends to sit. 
“Are you okay?” Harry asks immediately. 
“I’m fine. He was just on my last nerve,” I lie. 
“You are all red in the face and neck, are you sure you don’t need to see Madam Pomfry?” he insists. 
I shake my head and add dinner to my plate. “He got what he deserved.”  He did absolutely deserve that orgasm after the one he gave me, so technically I am not lying.  
“Did he call you that word again?” Harry keeps asking. 
“He did and I threw a spell against him, he hit me with a spell, and it went on for only a few minutes. I can defend myself, I am not hurt,” I guarantee him. 
He seems satisfied with that answer and lets me eat in peace. The moment I enter the Common Room, everyone crowds around me and asks what happened in great detail. 
 
I repeat everything I said to Harry and not give more details. Even though Ron doesn’t say anything to me, he is encouraging the others to fight the Slytherins. It takes me all evening to calm them all down. Just before midnight I get the chance to get out of the Gryffindor Tower and I make my way towards the Astronomy Tower. I don’t expect Draco to be here, but it is just a nice place for fresh air. 
 
I am leaning over the railing, watching the stars as I hear someone approaching. Draco is smirking at me.
“Did you just escape as well?” he asks. 
I snort. “I almost set off a house war, I hope I got them to back down.” 
“Me too. They were all so angry, I almost was tempted to tell them the truth.” 
“Maybe that would have been easier.” 
He joins me and we both watch the stars. “I am glad Snape only saw us kiss, otherwise it would have been very awkward.” 
“That is one of the reasons I don’t want to be a teacher. Walking in on horny students,” I laugh. 
“That is true and he is my Godfather.” 
“What really?” I ask shocked. “Your parents and him are friends? Are they the same age?” 
He nods. “He just looks extra old.” 
I shake my head in disbelief. “We need to be even more careful,” I muse outloud. 
“About that, I need to ask Pansy to Yule ball. My father wrote me a letter, actually demanding I do it.” 
I remain silent for a moment. “I know we couldn’t go together,” I laugh sadly. “So when Viktor asked me this afternoon I said yes,” I admit. 
This time Draco stays silent. Eventually he nods. “That is good. We can be secret lovers and let others believe that we are fighting.” 
“Yes we can do that,” I agree. 
“Don’t be mad when you read the Daily Prophet tomorrow, I let a rumor go that you and Potter are a couple,” he shrugs and looks away quickly. 
“You what?” I ask dumbfounded.
“It was the only thing I could easily do and cause some uproar. It made the Slytherins happy. Rita Skeeter is one of my Fathers confidants. She already had a picture, I told her just some vague information.” 
“Like what?” I demand. 
“Holding hands before the First Task. That you did all the research in the library. We have seen you walking back to the castle. He was always near you,” he rubs his shoulder in discomfort.
“He is just a friend, but it is fine. I guess you could have done worse, but some Gryffindors won’t like it and they are searching for opportunities to hit back. Just a warning,” I mention casually. 
“As long as we keep meeting here, I will be fine with a few small fights,” he laughs. 
“The sex is worth fighting for,” I agree laughing. “Just remember that I like you, and I don’t like being mean. So when we use each other's last names we mean, sorry, I still like you. Or something in that direction,” I laugh. 
“Granger,” he says solemnly 
“Malfoy.” 

  
  
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Every night for seven days, even on the weekend I need to go to the Dungeons to brew potions for Madam Pomfrey. Draco is making different potions than I. Professor Snape put us on different ends of the classroom, but that doesn’t keep me from glancing at Draco. Watching him work, his fingers curled around a knife, cutting each ingredient in perfect pieces. 
The Daily Prophet did three big articles about a relationship between Harry and me, detailing every interaction that they caught on camera and what a blond Slytherin told them. All week students from every year came to us to congratulate us. We had to tell them that we are not a couple and they still don't fully believe us. 
  Tonight is the last night and tomorrow is Saturday, the day of the Yule Ball. I still need a dress, but tomorrow I will venture into Hogsmeade to look for one and even some heels if I can walk in them, maybe let someone do my hair. 

  Harry and Ron still don’t have a date to the ball. At one time Ron tried to ask Fleur Delacour and got rejected, it was so funny. Harry asked Cho, from Ravenclaw, but she is already going with Cedric. 
 
  Snape is walking around the classroom, watching us doing our homework. I am almost finished. Every night after the hours of detention Draco and I sneak to the Astronomy Tower and work on homework together, afterwards we reward ourselves. I have been sore every day of the week and I am loving our routine. 

  Ron is sitting next to me for the first time in weeks, but the only thing he does is disrupt my focus. He is talking with Harry about the ball, I pick up that they are wondering if Neville is going without a date. 

  I lean over. “It might interest you to know that Neville already got someone.” 

  “Now I am really depressed,” sighs Ron dramatically. 

  A smile is tugging on my lips, but I try to hide it. The twins are sitting across from us, George throws a piece of paper on Ron’s book. They see my smile and both wink at me, which makes me smile even more.

  “Get a move on, or else all the good ones will have gone,” Ron reads out loud. “Who are you going with then,” he hisses towards them. 

  George throws a balled up piece of parchment against Angelina. She looks annoyed with his childish way to attract her attention.

  He mouths, “Will you go to the ball with me,” to her accompanied with movements to make it extra clear. 

  She nods excitedly and smiles, it is cute to watch. 

  Ron turns to me. “Oi, Hermione. You’re a girl,” he begins. 

  I frown, annoyed and look up at him. “Well spotted,” I say sarcastically.  

  “Wanna come along?” He laughs and makes a little dance move. 

  Professor Snape sweeps in and hits him with a book over the head, next is Harry. I duck, scared that he will hit me too. Annoyance for Ron is rising in me again. 

  “You know, it is one thing for a bloke to show up alone, for a girl, it is just sad,” he says as he looks me up and down. 

  I scoff. “I won’t be going alone,” I snap at him. “Believe it or not, someone asked me.” 

  I gather my homework, walk over to Professor Snape’s and hand him my book. Tears are burning in my eyes, not from sadness but from anger. 

  “I will see you tonight for detention,” he says softly so only I can hear him. 

  I nod and quickly wipe away the escaped tear from my cheek. As I grab my bag from my seat I whip towards Ron and Harry, looking them both in the eyes as I sneer. “And I said yes,” glaring daggers at them and walking out of the room. 

  
    Stupid boys, stupid Ronald Weasley. How dare he insult me like that, saying it is sad if a girl shows up alone. It would be badass if anyone has that confidence. He is the sad one, no one wants to go with him! Harry might be a little shy to ask girls, but enough people have a crush on him, he is just blind to it. 
  
 
  I walk towards Gryffindor Tower to change out my books and prepare for the classes of the afternoon.
 
  All too soon I am sitting at dinner, ignoring both Harry and Ron. Harry did try to apologize for laughing, but I don’t want to hear it. I found some magazines in the dorms and quickly flicked through them to look for dress inspiration, but I have no idea what would look good on me. 
  
    Why didn’t I ask Ginny for help? 
  

  After a very tense dinner I walk towards the dungeons, Professor Snape is still sitting at the table in the Great Hall, but I don’t mind being early. Soft footsteps walk up to me from behind, I turn around just in time to see Draco smirking and bending to meet my lips. He pushes me to the wall and deepens our kiss. 

  Someone coughs behind us and we spring apart. 

  “Why do I always find you two in compromising positions,” Professor Snape sighs. “The first time I let you go,” his eyes flick towards Draco. “The second time got you this detention and it is not even finished before I find you again,” the frustration in his voice is clear. 

  “Sorry, Severus,” Draco says casually. 

  The Professor frowns disapprovingly at him. “Here, you address me properly.” 

  “Why are you acting like I am doing something illegal,” Draco sighs. 

  “You are,” he retorts. 

  “We are both consenting to this, we are young. I know my father was the same age.” 

  “I don’t want to know about your personal lives,” Snape drawls and quickly glances at me. 

  My blush is spreading over my whole face.

  “At least keep it private,” he hisses. “Don’t let anyone find out or you will be in serious trouble, more than you could ever imagine.” 

  I nod and quickly walk into the classroom, focussing on preparing the ingredients for the potion. The following hours are tense, I don’t even glance at Draco once. This might be the most perfect batch of potions I have ever made. The second I added the last ingredient and stirred once it turned the perfect shade. Other nights I needed to stir at least ten clockwise circles to get the color. 

  Professor Snape looks over my shoulder and nods approvingly. “You get better every time you practice it,” he notes and walks towards Draco. “You are dismissed, Miss Granger.” 

  I bottle my potions and clean my desk, leaving Draco behind with the Professor. 
 
  The crisp winter air is filling my lungs as I hang my legs over the platform on the Astronomy Tower. Whenever I had a free moment the past week I read a book on stars. 
  
    Lupin means moon, Professor Lupin must find it funny that he is a werewolf with that last name. Sirius is named after the brightest star of the Dog constellation, his Animagus form is a dog. Draco, the Dragon constellation. I like the names, they are mysterious and unique. Wizard names are sometimes so special, but now only Pureblood wizards and witches have them. Halfbloods are more normally named, so they can be in the Muggle word and the Wizard world. My name is odd, even for Muggles. I always have to spell it and even then they get it wrong, but I still like my name. I love reading Shakespear, the things people would do for love. Is it really that far stretching or is that just fiction. Would I die for someone I love? 
  
 
  I keep searching for the constellations I know, while thinking about that question. 

  “Severus has his knickers in a twist,” laughs Draco. 

  “Oh Merlin, I don’t want to think about that,” I laugh as I imagine something very awful. 

  Ever since Neville made the Boggart into Professor Snape in the clothes of his grandmother, I sometimes get flashbacks to that. Imaging him in knickers is like twenty steps too far for my mental health. 

  “Neville’s Boggart was enough,” Draco laughs as he sits down next to me. 

  I watch him search the sky for his namesake, his eyes following the stars. 

  “I am taking Pansy to Yule Ball,” he sighs. 

  “I know, you told me you needed to ask her and after you did she mentioned it at every opportunity she got. Gave me headaches, with that high pitched voice of her,” I laugh softly. 

  “I am the one who has to listen to her tomorrow. She will be even worse, bitching about everything and everyone and if I don’t behave well, she will tell her mother who will tell mine and when my father finds out, he is going to burn my bollocks off.” 

  I laugh and lean against him. “Then I hope you don’t get too distracted to play the perfect Pureblood after you see me in my dress,” I tease. 

  “What does it look like,” he asks as he snakes an arm around me. 

  “I don’t know yet, I have to shop for it tomorrow,” I admit. 

  “You don’t have a dress yet?” he snorts.

  “Don’t know if you noticed, but I had detention all week. I didn’t have time to shop and my parents don’t know about it.” 

  He frowns at me. “Why don’t your parents know about it?” 

  “Things are difficult. I didn’t tell them because they would ask too many questions and I would not be able to answer them fully. They don’t understand magic, they won’t like that I am going with a boy, they don’t understand the rules. I would have to explain everything like ten times before they even get a vague idea of it. It is frustrating, so I just don’t even try, that is also the reason why I am staying for Christmas,” I sigh. 

  “Because they are Muggles and they don’t want to understand our world?” he asks curiously. 

  I am silent for a moment, thinking about the answer. “They don’t have the imagination for it, they are not open to believe in it. I can tell them about the basics of magic and they stare at me with this blank expression. Even if they would see it, it won’t amaze them like it did for me. From my first day here I practiced every day, I love my magic. I love the feeling of it, how it flows through my body.” 

  I wave my hand and a blue-white wisp forms, swirling around my finger tips for a moment and disappearing again. 

  “How did you do that,” he asks as he stares at my hand. 

  “I don’t know, sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn’t,” I shrug. “I just focus and feel for my magic, visualize it and it appears.” 

  He holds out his hand and stares at it, but nothing happens. Eventually he stops and looks at me. 

  “Watch out for the drinks tomorrow, Theo wants to spike it with Firewhiskey for some fun,” he smirks. “We both know what happened the first evening you drank it.” 

  I smile back. “Which part do you mean, Ron losing his shit or losing my virginity to you?” 

  “Did you really lose it or did you offer it to me?” he winks. 

  “Offered it on a silver platter, I fantasized about it so much,” I giggle. 

  “Me too,” he says and starts drawing patterns on my thigh. “Granger,” he adds. 

  I look him in the eyes and raise my brow in a silent question. 

  “It means that I like you, without saying those words,” he grins. 

  “Malfoy.” 
 
  The hour after that we sit in silence, huddled together, watching the stars. We walk back to our dorms, lightly brushing our arms against each other. I don’t want to break our goodnight kiss, one hand is caressing my cheek, the other pulling me towards him. His erection pressing against my lower stomach. 
  
    We shouldn’t be doing this in the hallway, a Professor can walk around the corner any moment. I would die if Professor Snape caught us again. 
  

  He breaks the kiss before I can. “I can’t wait to see you tomorrow, Granger,” he whispers and kisses my cheek. “You would look amazing in Periwinkle.” 

  He walks away quickly and I hurry towards Gryffindor Tower, ducking away for Professor Snape who is walking directly towards the hallway where Draco and I were just a minute ago. 
  
    Always follow your gut feeling.
  
 
  The next morning I wake up in a very busy dorm room. Lavender and Parvati are giggling on their beds as they talk about the ball. Their dresses are hovering in the air. Apparently Ron and Harry are taking Padma and Parvati. 
  
    That is an interesting choice. 
  

  I get out of bed, ignoring their curious gazes and pull on jeans and a thick sweater. It is still early in the day, but I will probably need all the time I can get in Hogsmeade. Breakfast is calm, a lot of students are still in bed or maybe even getting ready. I shove a piece of toast in my mouth in just a few bites and cool my tea with a simple spell to be able to drink it in one big gulp. 

  It is snowing, which makes a perfect romantic scene for Yule ball, but it is awful to walk through it. I make my way to Hogsmeade and find a dress shop, a bird chirps as soon as I pass the door. 

  A woman walks towards me, blond, with long gorgeous curls and a beautiful smile. “Can I help you, dear?” 

  
    Her voice is sweet like candy! How does she do that! 
  

  I try to push a few escaped strands of my hair back in the bun, but to no avail, my hair is frizzy because of the snow that fell into it. “I need a dress for Yule ball,” I say softly, looking around at the hundreds of dresses in the store. 

  I am already getting dizzy by the amount of possibilities. 

  “Of course, dear. What style would you like?” she asks as she walks further into the store and I follow her. 

  “I don’t know, I am not really good with fashion,” I admit sheepishly. 

  “No worries. My name is Calliope and I have all day to help you, we will find you a dress,” she promises. 

  
    Her name even means, beautiful voice, in Greek? It is destined for her! 
  
 
  Over the next hour she pulls out dresses and hangs them on an empty rack. Every dress is different in color, style, length, modesty and probably in price as well. I hope I have enough money with me, I have been saving my money for years already. The only things I buy are newly released books which I know I will love or parchment. I can buy myself a nice dress for tonight, I deserve it. 
  
    Let’s show them all a different side of me that they won’t forget! 
  

  With my little mental motivational speech I start trying the dresses on. Every dress magically fits my body perfectly, but not every dress looks good. 

  “You should show a bit of cleavage, maybe some ruffles on it.” 

  I just nod along with her, she knows best. The next dresses range from way too many ruffles to not enough. I try on a pink ombré dress, the ruffles falling down the dress in layers from my waist. The dress is soft, and has little sleeves, the neckline is not too deep and the color is very pretty on me. 

  As I step out, Calliope gasps as she sees me. “That is it! That is the dress, it was made for you.” 

  “Do you really think so?” I ask nervously and spin around for her. 

  “Absolutely, but I might want to change the color,” she mentions. “Periwinkle maybe.”

  I peek up at the name of the color. She moves her wand around me and the dress fades to a lilac blueish color. As I look in the mirror I notice that my skin looks more tan, my eyes and hair brighter. 
  
    What a simple color change can’t do. 
  

  “I have the perfect pair of silver heels for you, I will put an extra cushioning charm on them for you, so you can dance all night. It also makes them easier to walk in,” she explains as she grabs the heels. 

  The heels have a strap around the ankle and actually are really comfortable. I walk up and down the store. Calliope gives me some tips for walking a bit nicer. 
  
    Who would have thought that pushing your shoulders back would affect the way you walk. 
  

  “How are you going to style your hair?” she asks. 

  “I don’t know, I am hopeless with my hair. Some people compared it to a bird's nest,” I say sadly as I remember who told me that. 

  “Oh no, we can’t have that. Can I help you with it?” she offers. 

  “Of course you can!” 

  A colleague of hers joins us and immediately compliments me on my dress, a big smile returns to my lips. They let me sit in a chair while they work on my hair, they use potions and spells to put it into place. It takes more than an hour for them to finish, but they levitate a mirror in front of me and I see beautiful girls falling over one shoulder, the rest of my hair is smoothed back and pinned. I have never seen my hair shine so much without it being oily. 
 
  I am lost for words, but before I can say anything they start doing my makeup. The whole time there was no customer in the store. We chat about everything, Calliope and Ophelia were both Hufflepuffs in Hogwarts. I even tell them about a boy and they even give me tips for tonight. Don’t look too much at him, give him the opportunity to watch me. 
  
    Will he even be looking at me, I do hope so. Pansy and the other Slytherins are probably looking amazing in their million Galleon dresses. They can walk in heels since they were toddlers probably. Don’t think about that, I am doing and looking great too. People won’t expect it. 
  
 
  I need to hurry back towards Hogwarts if I want to have dinner and time to put the dress back on. I even bought some makeup so I can maybe use it once in a while, mascara and lip gloss. It is more than I am used to. 

  When I enter the school I see that the Great Hall is already being prepared for the ball, so I hurry past the kitchens on my way towards Gryffindor Tower. I grab a pastry and some fruit. In the Common Room are a few first and second year students playing games and doing homework. I walk up to my dorm. 

  Lavender, Padma and Parvati are helping each other with their hair and makeup. They all look up as I step inside. 

  “Wow, Hermione, you look gorgeous. Who did your hair and makeup?” Parvati asks. 

  “Calliope and Ophelia from the dress shop in Hogsmeade did. It was a slow day and I still needed a dress. Professor Snape had me in detention all week,” I explain as I take the dress out of the bag and levitate it so it doesn’t get wrinkled. 

  “That is like, very pretty,” Lavender says with a light frown. 

  I thank her and bite in the pastry, quickly eating it and the apple. 
  
    Since when do I eat the green apples? Normally I eat the red ones.
  
   I brush my teeth and reapply the lip gloss. Parvati helps me zip up the dress just before they walk out. I put on my heels and start walking around in the dorm. Nerves are coursing through my body. 
 
  With a few deep breaths I make my way down the stairs towards the Great Hall. Before I walk into view for everyone I hide around a corner. 

  I hear Ron's voice. “Poor kid, I bet she’s alone in her room crying her eyes out.” 

  
    Is he talking about me? Seriously, he thinks I lied to him. 
  

  “Who?” asks Harry. 

  “Hermione, of course. Come on, Harry. Why do you think she wouldn’t tell us who she’s coming with?” 

  “Because we’d take the mickey out of her if she did?” Harry offers. 

  My blood is boiling. 
  
    How dare he say that!
  

  “Nobody asked her. I would’ve taken her myself if she weren’t so bloody proud.” 

  
    Screw you Ronald! 
  
  I peek around the corner and see Ron walking away, his date looking miserable. Professor McGonnagall is lining up the champions, so I must make my entry now. 

  I step from behind the corner and walk down the stairs, holding the front of my dress up so I don’t trip over it. Viktor steps forward the moment he sees me, Harry is also staring at me. I ignore him and smile shyly up to Viktor as he gives me a small bow. 

  He looks very dashing in his red coat, lined with fur. I lay my hand on top of his and stand in the line with the other champions. 

  Just before the doors open up again he whispers in my ear. “You look very beautiful, Herminny.” 

  Before I can respond the doors are open and we are walking through it. People are clapping as we enter. I can’t keep my eyes from glancing around, looking for Draco. People are whispering about me, I can hear my name from all around me. 

  I see the moment that Ron recognises me, his face drops. It makes me smile even more brightly as my eyes fall on a very handsome blond Slytherin. He mouths my name and a blush creeps to my cheeks. Nobody even knows about the exchange and the meaning of it. 
 
  I take my place in front of Viktor for the opening dance. Professor McGonnagall only mentioned it about ten times. Saying that we need a good first impression. 
  
    Wait, if we got dancing lessons from our head of house, does that mean that Professor Snape taught the Slytherins to dance! I wish I could see that! 
  

  Viktor steps closer to me and lays his big hand on my waist, with the other raising my arm to the perfect form. The music starts and he pulls me away in the dance. He is very experienced and takes the lead, twirling me in the air with ease. From the corner of my eye I see the Headmaster and Professor McGonnagall enter the dance floor, dancing among us. The Professor is smiling happily and relaxed as she dances. More Professors join and even some students. I see Neville and Ginny enter, and mouth a hello to them. They both smile back and Ginny does a thumbs up. 

  I feel beautiful, dancing with a man in the Great Hall where snow is falling but never touching us. 
  
    I love magic. 
  
  Draco is also dancing, his steps long, arms in perfect position and his back straight. His dress robes are tailored to perfection, showing of his lean and tall body. 

  Our eyes meet and I long to dance with him, but that is the sad part about being a secret. Nobody can know. I smile sadly to him and mouth his last name. He doesn’t smile but he does say my name in silence, it is the only thing we can do. My fingers itch to touch him, let my hands glide over his stomach, feel the muscles move. 

  Pansy sees me staring at them, she whispers something to him and she laughs loudly. I quickly turn my head to not see him smile at her joke or insult. Viktor is looking down at me, his eyes kind while he moves us away from the other couple.

  After the song ends we leave the dance floor. 

  “Can I get you something to drink, Herminny?” He asks. 

  “Oh no, they spiked…” I stop myself. “Yes, please. I would like that,” I smile. 

  
    This is the perfect time for a bit of liquid courage. 
  
  I look around the Great Hall, most people are having the time of their lives, but I notice a small group of four people sitting at a table. Viktor is still waiting for our drinks, I can just say hello and be back before he is. 
 
  I remember the tips Calliope and Ophelia gave, pushing my shoulders back and lifting my chin and walking over to Harry, Ron and their dates. 

  Parvati spots me. “Hermione, you look amazing! Are you having fun?” 

  “You look stunning too,” I say and mean it. The pink and orange really look good on her. “It is amazing, are you enjoying yourself?” 

  I know they have not danced after the opening dance and I feel sorry for them. Padma and Parvati were looking forward to it. 

  “I would not mind dancing more,” she sneers at Harry, but he ignores her. 

  I roll my eyes for her to see. “Maybe someone else will ask you,” I offer. 
  
    Maybe Viktor would like to dance with her or one of his friends. 
  
   

  “When did Viktor Krum ask you for the ball?” Padma asks. 

  “Oh, last week actually. We were walking near the Black Lake between classes when he asked. I didn’t have to think twice about that,” I laugh softly. 

  
    In their eyes I am a lucky girl and I guess I am. Viktor is sweet and very polite. We just don’t have much in common. 
  
  In the past week we saw each other a few times, always going for a walk on the grounds. He likes Quidditch of course and I asked him some questions about his career. He trains a lot and it has priority over his education, but Durmstrang is known for its focus on sports. 

  I like that Viktor seems really interested in me, asking me questions about school, books and other hobbies I might have. He doesn’t mind if I talk about books, he just listens and we walk. 

  His arm loops around my waist as he hands me my drink. I take a sip and can definitely taste the Firewhiskey, it is stronger than expected but still not bitter. 
  
    Must be a different brand.
  

  I wave bye to the little group, the only thing Ron does is staring daggers at me. Harry is ignoring everything and staring at Cho, who is dancing with Cedric. Cho is laughing at Cedric and they haven’t let go of each other for a second since walking in. 
 
  Viktor introduces me to some of his friends. I am listening to them discuss Quidditch as I drink my drink. The Firewhiskey is settling, the last of my nerves disappear and I am feeling relaxed, my feet don’t even hurt. 

  Someone bumps into me and I wobble. Hands grab me on my waist. 

  “Watch it, Granger. Don’t want you falling and causing me to get another week of detention,” Draco sneers but I have stopped listening after my last name. His hands disappear from my waist and he leaves. I can still feel where he touched me, as if his hands burned right through my dress. Setting my body on fire. 

  I stare after him as he walks out of the Great Hall. In a split second I made up my mind. I throw back my drink and mutter an apology to Viktor that I need the ladies room. He doesn’t seem to hear me talking with his friends. 

  I walk after Draco, manoeuvring through the crowd. The hallway is empty and I am looking for him. He won’t wait in the open for me. 
 
  “I don’t know what your plan is,” sneers Ron at me. 

  I turn around to look at him. “What do you mean?”

  “Why would someone like Viktor take you to Yule Ball?” He asks venomously. 

  “Why wouldn’t he? He had the courage to ask me in a normal way and not just as an afterthought because I am a girl,” I sneer back. 

  “Did you spread your legs for him?” He asks as he steps close to me. 

  I slap him. Maybe it was the alcohol, or maybe I just really wanted to do it. He deserves it. 

  His eyes are blazing with anger. “You bitch,” he shouts and pushes me against a wall. 

  The air is knocked out of me by the force. “You need to leave,” I tell him. “I think you are drunk.” 

  “If you would have just gone with me, everything would have been fine. But you had to beg for Viktor to take you!” His chest is puffing out. 

  “Beg him? He asks me,” I snap. “He is a man, you don’t even act close to one.” 

  My hands shake with anger, if he tries anything I will hit him again. 
  
    I am never leaving my wand in my dorm again. 
  

  “You bitch,” he tries to push me again but I see it coming and hit him square on the cheek. 

  “Keep your hands off me!” I yell as he staggers back. 

  Draco is standing behind him, wand raised. I shake my head. He can’t reveal our secret, it would make everything worse. I keep staring at him, silently begging him to leave. 

  Ron has a hand on his cheeks. “You foul, loathsome, evil, little...” he begins. 

  “Leave or I hit you again,” I threaten. 

  Draco is walking backwards, keeping his wand pointed at Ron as he steps back into the shadows. 

  “Leave, or you will regret it,” I repeat as I step toward him. 

  “You are a whore, Hermione and soon everyone will see it. You kissed Harry for a reason. You flirt with my brothers,” he growls. 

  “Fred and George flirt with everyone. They are my friends, Harry is my best friend and I kissed him for a dare! A game and he knows that. Should I have kissed one of your brothers instead?” 

  “You could have kissed me!” He bellows. 

  “You?” I scoff. “I would never kiss you,” I laugh. 

  He steps towards me and grabs my breast, I try to push him off, but he is strong. He curls his fingers around the fabric of my dress at my cleavage, ripping it open. Exposing my bra. 

  I catch the glimpse for Draco’s eyes and I know I need to do something before he is going to hit Ron with dangerous spells. 

  I swing my fist, focus on my magic, my strength to keep him away from me. The moment my fist connects with his cheek I see Harry walking out of the Great Hall. 

  I see a glimpse of blue-white tendrils of magic on my fist as I hit Ron with everything that I have. He is thrown to the ground, blood dripping from his nose and mouth. 

  “Don’t you ever dare to touch me, Weasley!” I scream. 
 
  Harry runs towards us as immediately crouches beside Ron. 

  
    Of course, always concerned for Ron. Always forgives him. 
  

  I shake my head and run away, towards the only safe place I know. 

  “She’s completely mental!” Ron yells for everyone to hear. “She came onto me!” 

  I run towards the Astronomy Tower pulling my heels off before I start on the stairs. My heart is pounding as I enter the platform, hands are shaking with anger. 

  
    Fucking Ronald Weasley. Fuck him. Rot in hell. Fuck. Fuck fuck. 
  

  I scream, letting go of all the build up emotions. I don’t care if people can hear me. 
  
    He is angry because I didn’t kiss him. After how he treats me. 
  
  I take another breath ready to scream again as arms go around me. 

  “Let it go,” Draco whispers in my ear. 

  I scream again, tears streaming down my cheeks. He lowers me to the floor and I grab hold of him. 
  
    Don’t leave me. Please. 
  

  He doesn’t, he stays with me until I am calmed down. 

  “I am going to kill him,” he vows to me and I can only nod. 

  
    I could kill him myself. How dare he try and touch me against my will. Force himself on me. Playing the victim. 
  

  The alcohol rush is gone and I feel exhausted. 
  
    Why does he always have to ruin things? 
  
  I sigh deeply and rest my face in the crook of Draco’s neck. The smell of his cologne calms me down. 
 
  Before I can fall asleep in this position, my dress hitched around my hips as I straddle him. His arms wrapped around me. 

  “Hermione?” He asks. 

  I lean back to look at him, he wipes the drying tears from my cheek. With his other hand he shows his wand as he holds it against my dress. 

  I feel his magic on my skin and as I look down I see the dress knitting itself back together, restoring it to its former glory. 

  “Beautiful girls should not cry,” he murmurs. “Don’t let him ruin this night, you were having such a good time. Laughing and dancing. I couldn’t look away from you. It looked like you were glowing, a goddess. I want to worship you, I already do.” 

  He conjures the candles again and lights them. He whispers spells, so soft I can hardly hear them. Making it look like wandless magic. The candles start flickering and lighting the platform. 

  “Can I dance with you?” He asks.

  I nod and we stand. I expected him to conjure the music somehow, but he doesn’t. He pulls me close to him, letting my head rest on his chest with his head on top of mine. His heart beats underneath my ear in a strong and regular ritme. 

  He moves us slowly in circles. The silence is comforting and I am putting the events with Ron in a dark corner of my mind. 
  
    He doesn’t have the power to ruin everything. I won’t let him. 
  

  Draco gives me a little push and turns me underneath his arm. He is smiling at me, looking me up and down. 

  “You are so beautiful, Hermione,” he says softly and pulls me back into his arms. “I want to ask you something.” 

  I nod.

  “My mother owled me. She and father will be in France for a few days. That leaves the Manor empty for me, do you want to come and spend a few days alone with me?” 

  I look up at him. “Are you sure,” I ask uncertainly. “Do you really want me to come to your home?” 

  “Ever since I got the letter this morning, it was all I could think about. Just be alone with you, do whatever we like, without being caught or sneaking around. I want to spend a night with you, having you in my bed.” 

  “I want that too, Draco. I would love to come with you.” 

  
    What could go wrong? 
  



  
    Chapter Text
    
  “Welcome to my home,” Draco says as he leads me through the huge iron gates. 

  I can feel the magic humming around me in the air. They must have used a lot of powerful spells to protect the Manor. I smile and look around, we are walking on a long gravel pathway leading to a large front door. Before we can even reach the stairs, the door swings open. Immediately I hide behind Draco. 
  
    Something is wrong, his parents are still here, and I am Muggleborn! How will we explain this? Should I run? 
  

  “Young Master is coming home?” asks a high pitched elf. 

  “Yes, Mippy, and I have brought a friend for a few days. We will mostly keep to ourselves, there is no need to follow us around. If I need anything, I will call upon you,” he tells the elf calmly.

  “Yes, of course Young Master,” the elf squeaks and Apperates away.

  Draco takes my hand and leads me into the huge foyer of the Malfoy Manor. I can only look around and be amazed by the beauty of this Manor. We leave our trunks behind and we walk around. 

  “How do you not get lost here?” I ask in full amazement after ten minutes of wandering around. 

  “Funny story, I grew up here,” he laughs playfully. 

  I scrunch up my nose but a laugh escapes me. “You probably never thought you would show me around, right?” 

  “Not really, but then I got the letter from Mother and it was all I could think of. My little Lioness in this house. So brave to even dare to come here, you know all Malfoys are Slytherins right?” 

  “Did you just call me Lioness, since when do you see that as a compliment?” I laugh. “And yet the manor still stands tall as a Gryffindor walks through it, and I did not die. Must be a fluke in the security,” I laugh. 

  “You did not see that punch to the Weasel's cheek from my point of view, that deserves a nickname. I don’t want to be on the receiving side of that fist,” he chuckles. 

  I shake my head and roll my eyes. We are walking up a beautiful grand staircase to the first floor of the manor, after walking to the end of the hallway he opens a door and lets me in. The room is dark and decorated with dark green and silver. A huge queen size bed dominates the bedroom and one wall is filled with books. Near the window are two leather chairs, perfect for reading or having afternoon tea. I walk over to the window and stare across the gardens, beautiful roses are planted in neat rows and a pathway curls through the garden. 

  “Are the peacocks real?” I blurt out. 

  “Of course, what did you think, that we made it up?” he laughs. 

  Walking around on the grass are two gorgeous albino peacocks, showing their pale feathers to the sun. “You kind of walk the same as them,” I snort, teasing him. 

  I turn to see his face change to the very well known Malfoy sneer.  “I do not.” 

  “Yes you do, showing off those lovely blond strands of hair, nose in the air, sneer on your face, and always ready to attack,” I laugh as I let my fingers glide through his hair. 

  His eyes soften and he kisses me. “Stop...insulting...me,” he laughs between kisses. 

  I raise my eyebrow and ask: “Or else?” 

  He grabs my hips and pulls me flush against him and I can feel him getting hard. His cock growing against my stomach. “I might have some ideas,” he growls with gleaming eyes. 

  My breath hitches in my throat and I pull on his hair to get him to kiss me again.

  “Later,” he mumbles. “I want to show you my bathroom and get something from the kitchen, I think I will need my energy to satisfy you, witch.” 

  I pout, but follow him around the Manor. The bathroom is amazing, the tub is huge as is the shower, enough for two people who want to have some fun later on. In contrast to the bedroom, the bathroom is light and made of cream colors. 
 
  He never lets go of my hand as we walk back down to the kitchen, only when we are there he lets go and starts opening different cabinets. 

  “Anything special that you are looking for?” I ask curiously. 

  “Just something to snack on, Mother always has different kinds of sweets laying around, but I can’t seem to find them anywhere.” 

  “We could cook something and have an early dinner?” I suggest. 

  He turns around and looks at me as if I have gone mad. “Why would we cook?” 

  “Because it is fun? It is just like brewing a potion, it always calms me down,” I laugh. 

  “You know how to cook?” he asks, shocked. 

  “Who doesn’t, it is not rocket science.” 

  “What is that? And I can’t cook, we have elves who do that kind of work.” 

  “It is a Muggle phrase, sorry. Do you want to cook something with me, I can teach you,” I offer. He looks skeptical so I decide to lighten the mood. “Don’t worry, I will not poison you tonight. Maybe tomorrow if you are behaving like an arse,” I laugh at him. 

  “I’m not worried that you will poison me, I am worried that I will poison you!” he grins back. 

  I roll my eyes and stand in front of him, our hands hold on to each other. “If you do, you can just make an easy antidote potion and save me.” 

  He nods and kisses me softly. “Do you need an elf? I can call one?” he offers. 

  I huff. “No, absolutely not, it might take some time to find the ingredients, but it will be fine. We will keep it simple. Do you like Italian food?” 

  He shrugs and looks around uncomfortably. “I don’t know where everything is in the kitchen.” 

  “It will all be fine!” I giggle. 
 
  It was not difficult to find the ingredients, I just had to pull open a few cabinets until I found the vegetables. In the end, I did most of the work, but a simple spaghetti is not difficult, all in all we had dinner within an hour. Draco helped with cutting the peppers and onions, the latter made him cry and it was the sweetest thing to see. He got frustrated and even angry at the onion for making him cry. We kissed and I could taste the saltiness of his tears on our lips. 

  When I was stirring the food to get everything to cook evenly, I found him staring at me. He was sitting at the other side of the kitchen island and watching me cook. We enjoyed the food in a comfortable silence. Afterwards he told me it was his first time seeing someone cook and eating at the island. Normally he would have to change his clothes, shower, and have a long three course meal with his parents in a huge dining room. He even showed me the room, its table and chairs were made of a very dark grey wood and the wall matched. It was kind of depressing to know that people eat there. 

  To my surprise, we did not return to his bedroom, instead he showed me the famous Malfoy Library. The beauty of it took my breath away. The smell of it was overwhelming, it was better than a bookstore. 

  “They say that the books are cursed for Muggleborns, but I don't know if that is just a rumour or not. So you need to watch out, but I just wanted you to see it.” 

  I turn around to look at him, and again he is not staring at all the amazing books around him, but at me. 
  
    Doesn’t he realise how much knowledge is stored here? Some books are never heard of, some are passed down from generation to generation. Maybe he can read some books to me. 
  

  “Can we just walk past them? Or do you think that is dangerous for me,” I ask. 

  “Of course we can walk around, nothing will happen to you while I am here,” he says and puffs out his chest.

  I giggle and together we start walking. This must be the biggest library I have ever been to, so many books that I don't even recognise. I bite my lip as we walk past some books about healing magic and I am so tempted to touch them, I bet that it is full of spells that I have never heard of. 

  “Wow, this is the first edition of Hogwarts: A History! I have never seen a copy nearly this old!” I exclaim and forget everything Draco said about the possible danger and grab the book off the shelf. 

  “No!” he yells and pulls me back. 

  The book falls out of my hand and he grabs my wrists and starts checking them. I feel the embarrassment creep up on my cheeks. He glares at me before grabbing the book and shoving it back on the shelf, again he grabs my wrist and tugs me along with him. I keep myself silent as we walk back to his bedroom. I can feel his anger as it swirls around him, almost visible to me as he grits his teeth and closes his eyes in frustration. He rubs his eyes, not looking at me.

  “I’m sorry,” I mutter when we are back at his room. 

  “Sorry?” he scoffs. “Was it too difficult for you to remember to not touch any books? They could have killed you!” he yells and I take a step back. 

  “I said I’m sorry, I wasn’t thinking, but I am fine, so maybe it is just a rumour anyways.”

  “You don’t know my family, they don’t bluff about things. I should not have brought you to the library, it was stupid on my part,” he snaps. 

  “I am all right,” I whisper. “I am sorry.” I walk up to him and take his face in my hands, we look each other in the eyes and I try to show him how sorry I really am. “I didn’t mean to do that, it just happened, it is my favourite book in the whole world.”

  I watch as his anger dissolves. “You owe me shower sex,” he smirks. 

  I am stunned into silence. 
  
    Is sex the only thing boys can think about. Fine, but only because we never had the chance in the castle to have it. Better use this opportunity. 
  
  A smile breaks on my face and he leads me to the bathroom. 

  “Come here, witch,” he growls and starts kissing me. 

  I sigh and kiss him back. He pulls back and without a second thought opens the buttons of my Muggle jeans and together with my knickers, he slides them down. I peel off my shirt and add my bra to the heap of clothes. 

  “Your turn!” I laugh and pull his shirt over his head. 

  I can’t keep my eyes from roving over his pale skin, his abs and the light dusting of blond hairs from his navel down to his crotch. 

  “Enjoying the view?” he smirks. 

  “As if your eyes are not glued to my breasts?” I asked him innocently. 

  “Can’t argue, they are amazing,” he laughs. 

  He unzips his trousers and lets them fall to the floor. His cock is already hard and ready in his boxer briefs. I kneel in front of him and slip down his briefs and I hear him moan softly. With a flick of my tongue I wet my lips, my hand reaches up to stroke his cock. 

  “Oh... yes... baby girl... suck my cock like a good girl,” he moans. 

  His words spur me on and I don't hold back anymore, I take him in my mouth and lick to get him nice and wet. I know he loves it when I take him all the way inside me, so that is what I do. I breathe through my nose and relax, immediately his cock glides further and I am rewarded with a loud moan from above me. 

  “Good girl, knows exactly how I like to have my cock sucked.” 

  His praise turns me on even more. I rub my thighs together to get some kind of relief for the growing need between my own legs. His cock slips from my mouth and I grab him and start pumping with my hand, nice and tight just how he likes it. I lick and suck on the tip and I can feel that he is already close to the slight swell of his cock. 

  His hand grips my head and he starts to take over. With just a few thrusts in my mouth, he lets go and pulls me to my feet. 

  “I want to fuck you in the shower,” he whispers against my lips and backs me up. 

  All of the sudden, a downpour of water comes over me and I shriek. “Draco!” I shriek.

  “Now moan it,” he whispers in my ear as he joins me under the streaming water. His hair sticks to his forehead and he pushes it back, looking like the first year at Hogwarts. I admire the changes in his face, how his cheekbones stick out, his lips full and those liquid silver eyes. 

  “So, this is the famous Draco Malfoy’s shower, I feel so special,” I grin. 

  His eyes snap up and glisten with mischief. “You are special and you will be the first 
  
    and the last
  
   to be shagged in this shower, the first in my bed, the first on my desk, hopefully the first to be shagged on top of that stupid dinner table. So the next time that I need to sit there, all I can think about is how you moan my name and come around my cock.” 

  I feel my face heat and look away from his silver ones. “Hey, don’t do that, where is that Gryffindor bravery that I like so much, little Lioness?” he asks softly. 

  “I don’t know, you are the first one to talk about me in such a way and we are so different. It is just the way you talk about me, like I am… I’m… I don’t know… something,” I swallow harshly and I try not to meet his eyes, though I could feel them burning through my flesh.. 

  “You are everything to me, you are beautiful, brave and even though you don’t want to hear it, sometimes you are even cunning like a Slytherin. You are so loyal, look at how you helped Potter, stayed up to read books and find ways to help him. Beside that, I enjoy the moments where we can have discussions about interesting topics and listen to each other. When you read something new in a book and you still need to decide if you agree or not, you scrunch up your nose and you relax it when you agree and if you disagree you furrow your brows and quickly write it down on a piece of parchment.” 

  I stare at him, shocked. 
  
    That is maybe the most romantic thing Draco bloody Malfoy has ever said to me. 
  
  I don’t know what else to do other than kiss him. 

  “Please, fuck me in your shower and on every surface we can cover in the coming days?” I beg him. 
  
    I am going to suck his cock at that dinner table and I will make him come. Not a dinner will go by where he doesn’t remember me. I even want to do it in the library! 
  

  His hands glide over my wet body and he picks me up, I wrap my legs around him and he lets me lean against the wall. He guides his cock to my entrance and slowly, he fills me up. 

  I keep moaning his name as he flicks his fingers over my clit and drives hard in my cunt. My muscles start to contract and I choke on a breath as I come undone with him. He spills into me and moans my name. 
 
  Afterwards we wash each other. He summons a big fluffy towel and wraps me up in it and gives me a kiss on the forehead. I admire his naked, flawless body and especially that cute arse of him. He quickly dries himself off and returns to his bedroom. Before I leave the bathroom, I fold both our towels and clothes, stacking them on the edge of the bathtub.

  “Where is my trunk?” I ask. 

  He looks up and calls for Mippy. 

  With a small pop she appears and I shriek. “Draco!” and run to the bathroom, because I am still naked. 

  I can still hear their conversation. 

  “What can Mippy do for Young Master?” she asks. 

  “Where is Hermione's trunk?” he sounds annoyed. 

  “In the guest room, Young Master,” the little elf responds. 

  “She will be staying in my room. Bring her trunk here,” he demands. 

  I hear a pop and I know she is gone and within a few seconds she is back, probably with my trunk. 

  “If Mippy might say something, Young Master?” she begins. 

  “What do you want to say?” he snaps. 

  I really don’t like his tone to the little elf, she is doing her best.  He probably copies the way his Father speaks to the elfs. He did introduce me as a friend, friends don’t sleep in the same room with one bed.

  “Young Master, I don’t think… it is… smart… for the Mudblood to stay here…,” and with that word I feel guilty. 

  As I hear the word leave the elfs mouth I remember that they are loyal to his parents. The elfs will tell them, I can’t stay here. He is the Malfoy Heir, they won’t allow him to see me, date me. They will send him to Durmstrang if they have to. I can’t let that happen, I can’t be the reason. I will leave tomorrow, I will go back to Hogwarts and have a normal holiday. Celebrate with the others who stay behind and read some books. 

  I owled my mom that I am staying at Hogwarts this year, lying to them that Harry and Ron also stay. They don’t need to know the full truth, I am not in any danger. Every year it gets a bit more difficult to return to them, there is so much I can’t tell them and  they just don’t understand it and I get tired of explaining the same thing over and over again. Maybe I need to talk to Dumbledore or Professor McGonagall about staying at Hogwarts for the summer. 

  Tears start to fall down my cheeks and that is how Draco finds me, silently crying and lost in my own thoughts. I jerk when he wipes away a tear, without asking he pulls me to his chest and lets me cry some more. 

  “I need to go back tomorrow,” I whisper after a few minutes. 

  “No, you will not. You will stay the full three days, after that you can go back. They won’t say anything.” 

  “It’s fine, I will just read for fun and relax. I don’t want you to be in trouble because of me.” 

  “We will see tomorrow, come to bed with me? I really want to fall asleep with you in my arms.” 

  I nod, wipe away my tears and walk to my trunk and pull out clean knickers, as I turn around and look at Draco, I see he is only wearing black briefs. 

  “Is it okay if I wear a shirt?” I ask shyly. 

  “Can it at least be one of mine?” he asks with lust glistening in his eyes. 

  “You like it when I wear one of your shirts?” I ask curiously. 

  “If I could, you would only sleep in my Quidditch shirt at Hogwarts. With my name on the back and in Slytherin green, but that is not possible so do you want to sleep in it here?” 

  “Of course,” I can only manage to say before he throws it at me. 

  His shirt is very large on me and even covers my bum, he watches me walk to his bed. I even have to crawl onto it because of the height, but it is the softest and most perfect bed ever. I pull down the shirt and lie back. When I turn to the nightstand I see he has laid my wand on it. I grab it and with a quick flick, I put my hair in a braid. 

  “This might be my new favourite view,” he murmurs sleepily. 

  “Why is that?” I ask. 

  “My name on your back and when you stretched to grab your wand, I saw a peek of that devine arse of yours,” he growls. 

  I pull the shirt back down, and shimmy myself against his chest. Immediately his arm wraps around my waist and he kisses my neck. 

  “Goodnight, my little Lioness,” he sighs. 

  “Goodnight, my Garter Snake,” I mumble back as my eyes close. 



  I am awoken by a prodding against my bum and kisses on my neck. 

  “That is one way of waking me up,” I joke. 

  “I think it is the best way to wake you up,” he murmurs on my neck as his hands start to roam over my body. “First I am going to fuck you in my bed, after that we are going to take a shower, go down for breakfast and after breakfast we will find as many pieces of furniture where I can lay you down on and enjoy that tight little cunt of yours.”  

  I moan and press my bum harder against his cock. 
 
  After completing the first part of the plans he made, we walk down to the dinner room and breakfast is already waiting for us. He sits down at his usual seat, I guess, and starts to prepare his tea. 

  “Can you push your chair a bit more back?” I ask innocently. 

  He doesn’t comment on the weird request and does as I ask. The moment I see that I will have enough space to slip down, I do. I make quick work of his belt, button and zipper. His eyes are blown wide with desire as he looks at me, he helps by lifting his butt a bit so I can just get his cock out. He is not yet fully hard, but I make it in a few seconds with my mouth and hands. 

  His moans fill the space and I enjoy giving him this pleasure. After I swallow the last drop of him, I get back on my chair. He looks at me with amazement and kisses me, while he tucks himself back in his trousers. 

  “This is a breakfast I will never forget,” he chuckles lightly. 

  “I hope not, I hit my head on that stupid table four times!” I laugh sarcastically. 
 
  After breakfast, he lays me down on the other end of the table and licks and sucks on my folds. When he pushes his fingers inside of me I can feel the climax approaching fast. I don’t know if it is the excitement of doing it somewhere you shouldn’t or if he is just that good at it, or maybe both. I scream his name as I come and seconds later he fills me with his cock. 

  “How?” I rasp.

  He smirks. “I took a Pepper-Up potion when you were in the bathroom.” He snaps his hips and fully fills me. 

  “Oh Draco! Yes... more,” I moan. 
 
  In the evening I can’t walk anymore, it feels like I have exercised for twelve hours straight. 
  
    Did he really need to take 2 extra potions? I think I have felt every piece of furniture in the whole manor, including the library chair and sofa.
  
   We end our night with a quick shag in bed while I wear his Quidditch shirt. 

  I wake up startled, the room is flooded with light and I hear more voices than I should. 
 
   
 
   

   



  
    Chapter Text
    My hair is grabbed near the roots by a very large hand and I can't see who it is, and I am yanked off the bed.  This is bad, this is really bad. I hear him sniff at my neck, not the subtle way someone might do, no, like a dog.“Bring her,” a male voice thunders through the room. I struggle against the hand, but it doesn’t budge. I’m guessing he is a man, with the size of his hand. With his other hands he holds my throat and pulls me against him.  Draco, where is Draco?! My feet can’t reach the floor and I kick and scream as he walks out of the room with me. “Get off of me! Let me go!” I scream and even try to summon my wand, but I don’t know how to use wandless magic. “Draco! DRACO!”He drags me down stairs and walks to the dinner room. I haven’t stopped screaming and kicking and frustrated tears are running down my cheeks.  What kind of bloody joke is this, why would his parents do this? They just could have told me to leave and I would have! His parents are bloody mad if they think that this is how you should raise children and I will give them a piece of my mind!  The moment he rounds the corner of the dinner room, I can see it is not just his parents.  Oh no, no, no! I fucked up!  I can’t focus on anyone's face as he throws me on the table.  No scrap of decency left, didn’t he notice I was not wearing any pants. Rude! And to throw me on a table. I am still a human and can sit on my bloody arse. I am on my knees and search the room for Draco, but I only find a lot of unknown faces. I start to panic even more.  What if this is not his parents doing but we are being robbed. People have broken into the Malfoy Manor! Oh god, that is not good. Not good!  Suddenly my eyes find silver grey eyes, but something is different, there are little crow feet beside the eyes.  Lucius!  I move on to the women next to him and see Narcissa Malfoy neé Black sneering at me, they are sitting the furthest away from me.  This is really bad. What is happening? Where is Draco?   “Professor?” I shriek mortified, clutching at the fabric to keep some of my dignity and stumble back and hit something with my back.  Oh no. Really bad. Very bad. Catastrophic bad. What is Professor Snape doing here! With all these people in the middle of the bloody night. Out of nowhere everybody stands and isn’t looking at me anymore. I scramble to turn around on hands and knees and do at least something. “No,” I whisper as I look up at the person in front of me. I have never seen him but a description of him is more than enough to recognise him, by his red eyes, pale almost translucent skin and nose that bears resemblance to a snake. The only thing I think of to do is to stand upon the table and take some sort of fighting pose.  Don’t show your weaknesses, be strong and proud. Be a Gryffindor. I wanted to be sorted into that house, then I better bloody act like it.   Draco’s shirt covers my lacy black knickers and at least my Potions Professor can’t look between my legs anymore. But if they all sit down they can probably look up. This will be the last time that I wear something so revealing to bed. You never know when you are dragged in front of a group of adults and forced to stand on a table. My eyes fall on a blond boy, the same age as mine, eyes full of fear as he gazes up at me. He is standing behind Voldemort. Somehow he got the opportunity to change his clothes, or the lack thereof. He is wearing green silk lounging pants and a grey shirt. I’m scared to look over at Voldemort.  Be a Gryffindor!  And with that thought I do. I look at him and show him my most faked expression in my life, I watched Draco do it a million times. With a roll of my shoulders I straighten my back, lift my nose in the air, and sneer looking down on Voldemort.  Sod it, with everyone who looks underneath this shirt. I am a Gryffindor, I am strong and brave and nobody will make me feel any less.  “Where is the respect in the young onesss, these dayss,” he hisses. “Respect is earned,” I snarl. His red almost bloody crimson eyes start to narrow, and he lifts his wand ever so slightly before pointing it at my face. I barely hear him cast the torturing curse, my thoughts are all jumbled together and the feelings are neither pleasant nor comfortable. For a second I truly believe that it doesn’t work, but I am wrong. The pain takes over my whole body when the Torture Curse hits me and I fall down on my knees and can’t keep in a scream.  My head!  I grab at my head as if I can ease the pain that way, but it blooms from the inside out and in waves it hits every inch of my body. Black spots form in front of my eyes and I only hear the ringing of my own screams. It feels like somebody is pulling my vocal cords out of my throat and the taste of blood reaches my tongue. I curl up to a ball, just like I always used to do if my stomach hurts. This is the most intense pain, as if my intestines are being twisted and pulled out of my body. The curse is lifted, and I can feel a part of the pain disappear, but it still feels like waves of pain are coursing through  my body. I slump over on the table and try to catch my breath, a cough trashes through my body and I spit up blood.  “What is your name?” he hisses to me. With every ounce of muscle power I have left in me I follow his voice. He must have walked around the table when he tortured me. “Hermione...Granger,” I rasp out. “Speak up girl,” and with a flick of his wand I feel an invisible power grip me and pull me closer to him, dragging me over the table. He sits down and everybody follows his lead. Professor Snape is on his right side and a fat, almost bald guy is on the left. I remember him, but my brain has turned to mush. “Say it again!” Voldemort bellows. After a few coughs and tries I can finally say my name again. “I don’t know anybody with that last name,” he muses. “She is Harry Potter's Mudblood,” someone at the table hisses. "I am not a thing someone can own," I snarl. Shocked gasps sound from all around me. I look to my left and look at Narcissa and Lucius Malfoy, who both sit there staring at me with shocked expressions. “My Lord, that can’t be true, Draco would never do anything like that,” Lucius begins but is probably cut off with an angry sneer of Voldemort. “What does young Draco have to say about this?” Voldemort asks."It is just sex, my Lord,” I hear him say from behind me.  Just sex? You little pathetic snake, only think about saving your own skin, this is why I choose to be a Gryffindor. I can’t even look at him right now, I can play along with his game. “Well at least I wore my nice black lace knickers for tonight. Didn’t expect to have them seen by so many, but it could have been worse,” I laugh as I find the strength in me to stand back up. I face Voldemort and look him straight in his red slitted eyes. “Can’t a girl have some fun and you know this is the only way I can get to have the Malfoy name on me. The Seekers just look so good in their Quidditch kits, that I simply couldn’t resist.” I don’t know where I pull the courage from or why I say it, but it is like I drank a whole bottle of Firewhiskey. It just slipped out, still trying to protect Draco. My body still shakes with the after shocks of the torture curse. “We will see about that,” he hisses and I feel him move into my mind. 
   NO! 
 Every memory of the last months is being searched. Starting with the last few days, our laughing and moaning voices ring through my ears. I see Draco’s head between my legs on this table, me under the table giving him a blowjob, him shagging me on the table with my head thrown back, looking at the place I now stand. Memories of the library, shower and his bed are forced to be watched. The pressure in my head is building and with the hit my body took from the torture curse I can’t stand anymore and fall back to my knees. I feel that somebody, probably Voldemort, is grabbing my throat. I look back at memories of the last couple of months, the sneaking around after curfew, the secret glances in class, my moments with Harry, Yule ball with Viktor. Moments on the Astronomy Tower, talking and getting to know each other. Draco helping me with researching dragons for the First Task.Voldemort leaves my mind, shoves me away and I land on my butt and I can't comprehend what is happening until the curse is burning through my body again. My back arches off the table and I can’t shut my eyes as pain takes over every inch, my skin feels like it is on fire and slowly burns aways every layer and inside of me everything gets twisted and pulled. Everything happens at the same time. My eyes focus on the other side of the table, where just yesterday I found an orgasm ripping through my body. It was such a happy moment, meant to please Draco. Now that memory is worthless for him, he will remember seeing me being tortured and probably killed on the same table, fate can’t be any crueler. I can see the memories burn in his eyes, as he watches me wither on the table from pain that can’t be described to the full extent. The curse lifts again, but I don't have any strength left, my back hits the table again and I feel something dripping from my mouth. I hope it is blood, and not drool. My head rolls to the side and I watch as Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy look at me with disdain.  “Has she gone mad?” a heavy male voice asks. “No,” I begin and spit out some blood. “Just need a breather. He saw my activities from yesterday, he understands, right?” I laugh humorlessly, while my insides are on fire.  Just trying to diffuse the tension…  “He, is called the Dark Lord, you filthy Mudblood,” Lucius sneers and I am hit again with a Crucio. Even if it is still very strong, it is not as strong as the first two. Or maybe, my body is already shutting down. I always thought my mind was stronger than my body, anyway. My eyes never leave Lucius as he hits me with the curse.  Let this moment burn inside of your brain. You're torturing a barely 15 years old girl, wearing your son's shirt and a pair of knickers and nothing more, on your own dining table. For what reason, having fun, having feelings, for making a stupid desicion?  My voice is raw from screaming. The second the curse is lifted I feel my back hitting the table again and I groan. I can’t keep my eyes open and everything I see is blurry anyway. “I could kill you, you know. Just for touching a Pureblood boy, trying to defile him and steer him away from his true purpose,” Voldemort hisses in my face.  I open my eyes but can’t focus. “You can kill me just for breathing. What is stopping you? Teenage romance? Or did it turn you on, he did look an awfully long time at all the times i came screaming his name. You know….” I begin but need to cough and more blood spills out. I expect to be hit with the Cruciatus again but nothing happens so I go on. Taunting him more. “Yesterday morning I sucked him off, right here,” I cackle and tap with my hand. “You watched me do it. You watched how he fucked me on top of it, you even watched our first time. My most treasured memory was laid bare for you to see. Did you enjoy it? Did it turn you on?”Voldemort holds up his hand and nobody moves. “Lock her up in the dungeon. Before I kill her I want to break that Gryffindor spirit inside of her. And you…” he points to someone. “Will watch every second of it as part of your punishment.” “Of course, My Lord,” I hear Draco say solemnly.  Somebody grabs me and sniffs at me. “I love the scent of angst,” he growls. He pulls me from the table and I stumble and fall to the floor. “Ah, the memories,” I laugh. My hair is grabbed again and he drags me away. I stumble down a stone staircase, it all happens so fast, I get thrown in a cage. Instead of fighting even more, I let it happen. He shackles my wrists and ankles to the cage. I can still move them, but it is very uncomfortable. The cage is small, I can stand straight, but my head is touching the top. I can’t stand any longer and slide to the ground, curl myself to a ball, the shackles are very loud and nick my skin if I move too much. The moment the man closes the door on top of the stairs, the dungeon is pitch black. My eyes grow heavy and my body keeps twitching.  I survived multiple torture curses and stood up to Voldemort, all in all, that is very Gryffindor and I hope I did my house justice.  How did I get myself in this situation, is Draco worth all this pain?  I don’t know yet. Why did I even want to protect him, why did I try to protect him before myself. Why did I taunt Voldemort? Did I want to show them what I could do and withstand? Was it some sort of twisted revenge for what he did to Harry?   My sleep is filled with remembering the events. All the people I saw are Death Eaters, I did not know Professor Snape was and still is a Death Eater, maybe that is why he chooses to dress like he does, he never shows any skin except his hands and face. It must be really hot in the summer, but then he would use cooling charms.  Can he even work at Hogwarts if he has the Dark Mark? Does Professor Dumbledore know?  I only saw one female, does Narcissa Malfoy neè Black have the Dark Mark? This was the first time I actually saw her in real life. I only know that her sister Bellatrix Lestrange has it and is in Azkaban. She drove Neville’s parents mad with the Cruciatus Curse. 
   How long do they need to use the curse to go mad? What if I go mad? I can’t let that happen, I aspire to be Minister of Magic, I need my brain intact.  

   What did Professor Moody say about the Cruciatus Curse? When cast correctly it inflicts intense and excruciating pain on the victim. The curse is different for everybody, it hits the places you value the most the hardest . It has been described as white hot-knives piercing every inch of skin.  

   Yet mine started in my head, maybe that will make it easier for me to go mad. Is there a way to lessen the pain or even avoid the curse? What was said about it and what did I read? 
“Think Hermione, think!” I order myself outloud. Victims wish for unconsciousness and death to avoid the pain of the curse. To be able to cast that curse you must mean it. Lucius and Voldemort hate me, at least that is clear. “Nothing,” I whisper to the darkness around me. I am trying to remember each and every word Professor Moody told us in that lesson, but it does not mention anything about deflecting them, or even lessening the pain.  Well, then I just have to figure it out on my own. I doubt he is going to kill me tomorrow. He will probably make Draco suffer a bit more, maybe even doing the curse on me. How stupid were we to think we could get away with this. The elves saw and even heard us through the whole manor, we didn’t even try to be subtle about it.  
   I should have gone home when I told him I shouldn’t even be here . Why did I let him talk me into this? I went willingly to the Malfoy Manor to have sex and spend more time with Draco. Harry won’t come here to save me. He might not even talk to me after the holidays, if I even survive them. Ron has him twisted around his finger, Harry went to Ron the second he saw us in the hallway. Even after he looked up at me and saw my dress, the pain in my eyes. Ron didn’t believe him when his name came out of the Goblet of Fire. I did, I stood by him, and spent hours researching ways to get him out of the Tournament. Hours reading books about dragons, and he chose Ron. Fucking Ronald Bilius Weasley.   
 My body still aches and I have no idea how long I have been in this cage. It hurts to move so I try to lay still and relax the tense muscles, but the shackles pull on my wrists and ankles and just let them hang a centimeter above the ground. My fingers still twitch every now and then.  Maybe I should try counting or repeating potions in my head, or is that a one way ticket to madness? In movies you always see the victim trying to pick a lock or search for a hidden failure in the cage, but even if I could it would be useless, I can feel the waves of magic on the bars.  I close my eyes and let the time take away as I relive the events. How did they know I was in his room, or were they coming to get him? The man was so strong and he sniffed me. Where was Draco? He wasn’t in the bed when I woke up. He changed his clothes before he appeared in the dining room, his face looked blank, but his eyes seemed to scream for mercy. Draco would never hurt me, right? I would never hurt him. For the last few months he made me feel happy, I looked forward to the time we would spend together in the library or Astronomy Tower. Just enjoying the other's company or having hushed discussions about topics that were brought up in class. It was fun to work on our homework and help each other. Ron and Harry always just asked to copy mine. There is a difference, learning for yourself and doing someone else’s work because they are too lazy to even open a book. Ron prefers to use a book as a pillow.  When I open my eyes again it is still dark around me, no surprise there. This is not just a bad dream. To prove my latest thought my stomach growls. It is not the first time this has happened but now it has gotten worse and I can't focus on anything else. I start to feel my way around my body and notice that the pain in my body is less. Almost back to muscle aches after an intense workout. The ground is uneven and I feel small stones dig in my back, and the bars of the cage go into the ground. I even try to dig around it but it doesn’t budge and a sharp pain shoots through my fingers and arm.  All of the sudden lights flood the dungeon and I turn my head away from the blinding lights. Heavy sounding boots stomp down the stairs and I try to open my eyes and watch the person who is walking towards me. He is tall and broad, but I can't really focus on his face, the lights are too bright. I squeeze my eyes shut again and listen to what is happening around me. The cage is being slammed open and the shackles are removed. The second I am not restricted by them anymore he grabs my ankle and drags me out, and roughly pulls me up by my hair.  Why do they always grab my hair!  I keep my eyes closed as he drags me towards the dining room. Everything is the same, the only thing that is different is me. I know what to expect this time, I still wear the same clothes and I am not kicking and screaming. They are going to torture me again, and I will let it happen. Maybe they will grow bored and just leave me be or just kill me. The Killing Curse is a quick way to die. “Open your fucking eyes, Mudblood,” growls the man who holds my hair before he slams my head against the table top. I can feel my skin splitting open, my nose breaking and the warm blood runs down my face the second I lift my head. The headache from the torture was finally gone a few minutes ago, but it has returned in full force. The crack of my nose echos in my ears, but I do as he demands and open my eyes, I am again blinded by the brightness and I feel a drop of blood glide over the side of my nose and over my cheek. In a way to show them that I am not bothered by it, I let it drip. More drops follow and even some drip off my eyelashes and chin. The blood must be staining the shirt, but I don't think he wants it back. Once my eyes have adjusted I notice that everybody is once again sneering at me, but the face of Voldemort is bored. “Get on the table,” Voldemort demands. His voice sends shivers down my spine, but I try not to let it show as I climb on the table. I notice a few drops of blood drip on the table and hide my smile.  Serves them right, they make me bleed, they clean the mess. I walk to the middle of the table, without being asked and look down at my body. If I could guess I would say I have been in that cage for a few days. Bruises have formed on my body and I can’t even remember how I got them. The bruises on my wrists and ankles are easy to explain as I still have the feeling of the shackles around them. The shirt is filthy with my blood and probably sweat and tears. “Scared to look at me, Mudblood,” Voldemort asks and I snap my eyes to meet him. Showing him that I am not scared. “Nothing to say to me?” he asks, trying to bait me. “No, thank you,” I answer in the most neutral voice I can muster.  You pathetic being. Looking forward to torturing a young girl or watching her intimate memories. If I could, I would kill you and make you suffer.  On the inside I am boiling with anger, but I can’t show him that, I won’t give him that satisfaction or a reason to torture me.  Don’t taunt him this time, don’t let that Gryffindor side come out. Focus on surviving, be cunning, think like them.  He stands up and starts walking around the table, instead of following him with my eyes I keep my eyes on a spot on the wall. I feel the burning eyes of everyone in the room on me, but I ignore them all, I don’t even know if Draco is in the room. Let them stare and think what they want.  Focus. Happy memories. Don’t let them see you break. Use your mind to survive.  I know he is going to cast the spell any second now, he is trying to let me show my fear. Hearing his footsteps he is on the other side of the room now, right behind me.  He is going to do it, he must be getting ready to fling the most painful and strong curse at me. His hatred for me must be endless. Any second now.  I groan as the spell hits me in the middle of my back. Within moments it floods my body and reaches my mind.  Focus. Focus. Focus. Keep standing! I can do it! I can and I bloody will! I tense and grind my teeth. 
   Hogwarts: A History, list all the facts you know.  

   One: the ceiling in the great hall is bewitched to look exactly like the sky outside. 

   Two: Witches and Wizards can’t Apparate or Disapperate from the school grounds.  

   Three: Hogwarts is hidden for Muggles. If a Muggle would even find the place they will only find a ruined castle with a sign that says: DANGER. Do not enter. 

   Four: Muggle technology doesn’t work on the school grounds. 

   Five: Boys can’t enter the girl’s dorm rooms, if they try, the stairs turn into slides. 

   Six: In the Black Lake lives a Giant Squid.  
“Aahhhrggg,” I suddenly scream out and my focus slips, the pain overrides my nervous system and I can't keep myself from falling to my knees and hands.  The curse is lifted and I gulp for breath. I throw my head back and take deep, calming breaths, trying desperately to not pass out from the blinding pain in my mind. My eyes lock with the Potions Professor, maybe I imagine it, but I think I see a flash of pain flicker through his dark eyes. Maybe that is just what I hoped to see, for someone to feel the slightest bit of remorse or pain. The silence in the room is deafening and I remember that I am still on all fours. I lean back and try to smooth out the shirt so it covers my butt. After a moment to gather the remaining strength I have, I climb back to my feet. 
   I will never willingly kneel in front of you.  
For a moment he even looks impressed, but I look away and stare at the same spot on the wall. My mouth hangs a bit open to allow me to breathe easier, I can see that my nose is bent in weird angles. Voldemort steps in front of the spot I am staring at so I watch him. He looks at me with an expression I can’t understand. “Severus, tell me about her.” “My Lord?” he asks for clarification, his heavy voice fills the room. “What is so special about her? Why would Draco even think she is interesting? What kind of girl is she?” “She is an insufferable know it all, speaks before her turn and hangs around with Potter and Weasley, My Lord,” he answers in his monotone teaching voice. “How are her grades?” Voldemort asks and tilts his head slightly to the side as he assesses me. “Top of the class in every subject, My Lord,” the disdain is clear in his voice.For a moment my eyes flicker to the Professor, but he is not looking at me. Not directly, he looks just beside me. I decide to shift my feet slightly so I stand right in his eyesight. His eyes snap up, and immediately to the other side of me, again looking just beside me. 
   What is his deal, joined the Death Eaters, kept it a secret. Possibly killed people, yet, when a student stands in front of him, he can’t bear to watch. He doesn’t even like me, the only nice thing he said about me just happened and it was more of a fact.  
 My eyes drift back to Voldemorts and he keeps watching me.  He is going to torture me again. I need to focus more on something. He lifts his wand and my heartbeat increases. “Crucio,” he hisses again. My body tightens but I keep the scream from leaving my lips. 
   Draught of Living Death 

   The Draught of Living Death is probably one of the most powerful sleeping potions. It is used to induce a sleep so deep it is almost impossible to tell if the person is alive.  

   The draught is very dangerous if not used with caution. Before you begin, ensure that you have all the equipment required and all the ingredients are available. 
I scrunch my eyes closed and try to remember how to breathe.  He will not win, focus Hermione! I can fucking do this!  My knees buckle and I hold on as long as I can, but the power of the curse races through my body, setting fire to every muscle, nerve and tissue. I fall, once again to my knees, but I will not fall any lower than that, I refuse. 
   Focus, focus, focus, focus. FOCUS!  

   Draught of Living Death:  

 Crush one Sopophorus bean with a blade
I let loose a scream. 
Pour in 250 fl.oz of water and 5 oz of African sea salt into the beaker. Set the beaker aside after the water has been added. Be careful not to shake or move the beaker now!
Another scream leaves my lips. 
 Leave the water and salt to rest for 5 minutes.
My voice cracks, and my hands start to shake. 
 Slowly pour all the water into the cauldron.
I try to take deep breaths, but it burns. My throat is on fire. 
 With your left hand use the graduated cylinder to obtain 40 fl.oz of Wormwood Essences.
The shaking intensifies and I make fists and dig my nails in my skin. 
 With your right hand hold the cauldron at a slight angle and pour ten drops (20fl.oz) of Wormwood Essence.
My nails break the skin and I let go of another gut wrenching scream. 
 Now with your left hand hold the cauldron at a slightly different angle and pour another ten drops of Wormwood Essence.
Sweat drips from my brow and the shaking has taken over my whole body. 
 Chop three Valerian roots into small square pieces. After cutting, place it in a beaker with water. Leave it to settle for five minutes. Your potion should now be resembling a smooth black-current liquid.
 The curse is once again lifted, but the sensation keeps rolling through my body, leaving me shaking and groaning in agony. I can taste the blood in my mouth, maybe I literally screamed bloody murder. My breaths come in quick, shallow pants and a puddle of blood is in front of me. The shaking is not as intense as it was, but it still happens involuntarily and the headache keeps getting more and more intense. I lift my eyes to look at Voldemort, his blank expression has changed to anger. As I pant and try to keep my eyesight from blurring, I know he expected me to drop dead in front of him from the pain. Or at least beg for my life. The small victory I feel is short lived, he raises his wand and points it between my eyes.  The Killing Curse. Even though I want to squeeze my eyes shut, I don’t. If I am going to die, he will remember the way I kept looking him in the eyes. Dark brown eyes meet slitted red eyes and I watch as he opens his mouth. The power of the curse sends me sprawling on the table as pain, once again takes over my body. I let my eyes close and finish the potion.  
 Carefully pour the Sopophorus bean’s juice into the cauldron, making sure that ONLY the juice of 13 beans are used.
I allow the scream to leave my lips. 
 Add seven drops of the reduced liquid from the beaker, make sure there are no traces or fragments of Valerian root.
The shaking in my arms starts to intensify again. 
 Stir the potion 10 times clockwise, your potion should be turning a light shade of lilac.
My back lifts off the table.  Save me! I dig my nails in the wood. 
 With your right hand stir the potion counterclockwise until the potion turns as clear as water, every stir should take approximately two and a half seconds.
I keep screaming and drag my nails over the table.  Help me! Someone!  Hopefully leaving marks. 
 Slowly pour the water and seven squares of Valerian root into the cauldron.
The pain in my brain intensifies beyond words and I start to claw at my face.  He is killing me! Feeling how my nails tear open my skin.  
 Stir the potion ten times clockwise.
It feels like I am about to choke, I can’t breathe.  No! Not more… I can’t.  
 Add 150fl.oz of powdered root of asphodel.
I trash on the hard table top, kicking my legs. I can’t do this any more. I can’t. I am not strong enough! Tears are running down my face. 
 Hold the cauldron with your right hand. With your left hand gently stir the potion ten times counterclockwise and eight times clockwise.
Let me die, please let me die. This is not worth it any more. Kill me. Kill me… 
 Leave the potion to settle for two and a half minutes
“Kill me, kill me, please! KILL ME!” I scream, lift my head, look straight in the red eyes and smash my head back down as hard as I possibly can. Darkness surrounds me.  When I wake up again, I shoot up to a sitting position. The rattling of the shackles against metal increases my headache and the movement makes my whole body ache. I faint from the intense pain shooting through my body. My rumbling stomach wakes me, but something is different. The smell in the cage is strong. Immediately I start feeling around until my fingers touch something that feels like bread. I stuff it in my face and moan when I swallow it, old dry bread has never tasted so good. It must have been days, maybe five, since I last had a meal. I can’t remember what happened after the curse was lifted for the last time. Did he lift it or did I do something, it is very blurry. It is as if a switch was flipped off.  Oh no!  The feeling I had in my lower stomach, the feeling that I needed to pee is gone.  Oh no, I didn’t. How? Why?  “I peed on the table!” I gasp out loud.  Could have been worse, but I didn’t have any food in me.  Weirdly enough I feel mortified. I let go of my bladder in front of all those people.  Ohhh fuck.  Somebody is going to have to clean that up.  Hopefully not Draco, but probably will be him to increase the severity of his punishment.  I frown at the thought. It is at least partly his fault that I am being tortured, but would I have reacted any differently if I grew up like him. He never mentioned even that his parents would hug him, he found it strange when he and I hugged for the first time. I thought he was surprised by my reaction. My parents hugged me everyday, multiple times. Gave me a kiss on the head, grabbed my hand. All these moments to show their support, or just because they could. Draco grew up with at least one former, not so former, Death Eater. That must have been ruthless. The way he always talked about his Father, not his dad. My father loves me to bits, says that however old I am, I will always be his little girl. Draco is seen as an heir to the Malfoy name, nothing more. He is spoiled with almost everything, but not with love. Does anyone really love him? While I chew on the piece of bread and eat the cold porridge I found next to it, I think about love.  I love my parents, but I also love Harry. Each love is slightly different, I love my parents because we are family and Harry is my friend. He makes stupid decisions sometimes, but I still love him. I smile when I see him playing a game of Wizarding Chess or when we go to Hogsmeade and drink butterbeers. I loved Ron too, but he ruined it with his behaviour the last month.What I feel for Draco is so very different. First of all, I am really attracted to him, not only does he look great, but just the small details. His eyes and how quickly they can change from a cold and hard grey, to liquid smoldering silver when he looks at me. How just before he kisses me, I can watch his irises dilate with lust that drives deeper than he lets on. The way he rolls back his shoulders before he enters a room or when he is annoyed he tries to crack his neck. His love for apples, but that is quite obvious, he always has one with him, either in his bag or in his hand. He has a sweet tooth. And his hands, I catch myself watching his hand a lot in the Potions class. Just the way he can be so precise and strong, his slender fingers holding on to ingredients as he cuts. When he is very concentrated he always tucks in a bit of his bottom lip. Those are things I notice about him on a daily basis. That is not just teenage attraction anymore. That is more. I, Hermione Jean Granger, have feelings for Draco Lucius Malfoy. The statement settles in me and I can’t do anything more than just stare right in front of me. I lean myself against the cage and pull up my knees. Even though flashes of pain shoot through my body, I let my fingers glide over me. Finding every scrape, bump and wound on my body. My nose is still broken in at least two places. Even touching it hurts, but I must try to push it straight again. I imagine movies where they set their noses. Use your whole hand and push it back and forth until you feel the bones snap back in a relatively straight line. I grab hold, close my eyes and without thinking about it for a second longer, I force my hand to the right and feel the first snap. With a strong push towards the left side I feel the second snap. Immediately I suck up air through it. I can smell the blood that is caked on the inside and under my nose, but at least I can smell again. I am still wearing the shirt and my knickers, gross. Now I can smell it and I almost feel sick about it.  It happened, accept it. More people have done it before me, maybe not on the table but that is just a detail.  I let my mind wander and see flashes of the past years I had in Hogwarts. It is feeling more like a home, than the house that I grew up in. Instead of my parents catching me snogging a boy, it was a Professor, who scolded us, gave us detention for a week. My happiest memories are there, I overcame my fear of flying when Harry was picked for the Triwizard Tournament. I still hate heights and brooms, but I did it. I am a brave Lioness and I never let go without a fight. Draco helped me too, helping me with research. Spending time together, being intimate with each other, complimenting me. He gave me confidence and I showed it at the Yule Ball. Draco is worth fighting for. He deserves a chance at a normal life, and I am willing to make sacrifices to see that happen or at least try. 
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    I can’t remember what day it is or the time. Everything is dark and food appears at random. I can smell it when it appears, every once in a while I hear a bang as a bucket of water appears in the corner. I am constantly thirsty and want to dunk my head in it, but I can't. I have to ration it out. The first time a bucket appeared I drank it within hours and I had to wait very long before I got a new one. I have let go of my shame and once the bucket is empty I use it to relieve myself, I don’t know when I am getting tortured again, but it will not happen again that I lose control. 
I can’t move very much and I am forced to either sit or lie down and curl into myself. The shackles bite in my skin more each day. If the wounds will ever heal, it sure will scar. The aching of the last torture is still leaving my body, the shaking of my hands and fingers has gone back to only spasming every once in a while. The headache never leaves. 
The food is not much, mostly bread and porridge, but everytime I take a bite, it is the best one I ever had.
The dungeons are damp and cold. My body is sticky with dirt and blood. Maybe it is a new form of torture or they just forget about me, I don’t know, but it works. I feel like I am losing my mind, I have nothing to do, I don’t have magic or anything to keep myself from remembering everything that happened from the second the bedroom was flooded in light and I was yanked out of bed. Each time I wake up I repeat all the ingredients to the potions we learned, after that I go through the instructions to brew them. When the potions are all finished I start on Herbology. Naming a plant or flower with each letter of the alphabet. Trying to not repeat any in the next round until I don’t know any names anymore. I swish my finger as if it is my wand to imitate the movements that belong to the learned spell. I always end with a lightning shape and the whisper of the Killing Curse on my lips. 
I repeat all my classes in different orders to try and keep my mind sharp, and working. To distract myself from the pain in my mind and body. 
 
This was not the Christmas holiday I imagined myself having. Maybe they are still celebrating the holiday above me and unwrapping all the presents they got him. I would have loved to see Draco open up my gift. I got him a new Muggle book; it is about wizards and witches, and mythical creatures. I thought it would be funny to see the comparison to how Muggles view us and how we really are. The last time I owled my mom I asked for more Apple Cinnamon cookies, because he likes them so much. I can even imagine the smell of the delicious cookies, my mouth waters. My mind flashes back to the many times that Draco just stole the cookie right out of my hand so he could have it. Often, I would just take a bite and give him the rest of the cookie. The ways his eyes would light up, was worth it. 
I even fantasize about his gift for me, if he even got me one, but maybe it would also be a book. A special edition or something or a very unknown and unique book that only will be appreciated by real booklovers. Or a book about unique ways to use magic in everyday life. 
I bought Harry a Broom Polishing Kit, knowing he will use it and appreciate the thought. Maybe Molly would have made me a sweater again, or maybe not if Ron told her lies about me. 
The smile leaves my face when I think of the reality. Draco and I would never just sit around a Christmas tree together and exchange gifts, have family dinners and spend the days with friends. It is just something that would never work for us. We have been secretly seeing each other for months, I can admit that I have some feelings for him. Some very strong feelings, but I can’t help him from inside a cage. It was a stupid mistake to come here, to agree to his idea to just spend a few days together without sneaking around. It was stupid to want to act like we were a normal couple. 
 
The door on top of the stair creeks and a small beam of light shoots out. My eyes are stinging with the sudden intrusion, but within a few seconds it is dark again. I sigh and try to sit, but my body doesn’t work anymore. Every inch of my body is bruised, wounded or stiff, or it is a combination of everything. 
 The normal silence of the dungeon is disrupted by soft feet stepping down the stairs, as silently as possible. When someone normally comes down here, they are wearing heavy boots and will torture me, so I am curious as to see who this is and why they don’t want to make any noise. 
“Hermione?” a soft voice asks in the total darkness of the dungeons. 
I try to answer, I really do, but I haven’t spoken in a long time, it feels like weeks. Even the screams I let out while being tortured have slowly started to die down, there is just nothing left. Everytime it ends with my mouth filled with blood. Maybe my lungs are giving up, is that even possible?
Again, the soft voice whispers my name. I can only muster a moan of some sorts. The footsteps come closer, and my curiosity gets the better of me.  Curiosity killed the cat, let’s hope it has some truth to it.  I crawl the short distance to the front of the cage they keep me in. Every move I make is loud, the shackles they bound around my wrists and ankles scrape against the metal of the cage. It takes so much energy to just move a small distance. 
The female drops to her knees and I can vaguely see a streak of white hair in the dark. I cough due to the efforts it took me to crawl the 30 inches, the taste of blood filling my mouth again.
I try to say anything, anything at all, but only a croaking sound escapes my lips.  What are you doing here? Can you kill me? Did you come here to kill me? Please kill me. End my suffering for me, make it look like I didn’t survive the last torture I got. End it all for me. Please, please, PLEASE!  
My mind keeps screaming but my vocal cords are not working, the sounds of a whimper leave my lips. Even though I want to help Draco, save him. I don’t know if I still can, they broke me. Shattered my inner Lioness, every curse breaking me a little more. 
If I remember correctly i have endured twenty-two Torture Curses. My body can’t handle much more. Everytime it feels like I need a longer period to recover, but they don’t mind. They still torture me even if I can barely stand.  Sadist. Devils. Cruel narrow minded snakes.  
“Sshh, you don’t need to say anything,” she says in her calming voice. 
 

   Maybe this isn’t Narcissa Malfoy but some kind of angel to take me away from this awful world. Maybe I did die. I hope I did. But why am I still in so much pain, am I still dying? Is my end near? Am I being punished for not being brave enough? Maybe I am not Gryffindor enough and have failed a destiny I didn't know I had.  

The Narcissa Malfoy I know sits silently beside her husband and watches a 15 years-old girl being tortured. Screaming, trashing and bleeding on her table. 
With all the rambling thoughts I feel the wet streaks of tears on my face. Why am I wasting energy on crying! I am stronger than this, they are just thoughts! I am Hermione Granger and I always think, my mind is never quiet, I over analyze everything in my life, it is who I am. The only moment my brain is quiet is when Draco touches me. 
Her soft fingers touch my cheek, I jerk away. Every time I was touched in the last weeks, it hurt. She angles my head so she can see into my eyes. She has beautiful blue eyes, I recognise the determination of her stare in Draco’s eyes and even the darker ring around her irises, even though hers are bright blue they have the same intensity as Draco has with his grey eyes. I am lost in her eyes and I vaguely hear her whisper, “Legilimens” 
All my thoughts are laid bare for her to see. She can hear me scream for Death to claim me and my mean thoughts about her. I can only watch as she looks through my mind. 
 
The torture I endured and how I felt my body spasming hours after I was back in my cage. Every single thought I have about her son in the darkness and loneliness. He is the only reason why I even try to stay alive, not to see him, but to know that he will survive this. That he is not responsible for my death, it was my choice to join him in Malfoy Manor because his parents would be in France. I was selfish that I wanted to go to bed together, to wake up together and make love all day long. Spend time in the library until our eyes hurt from reading and just live while nobody could catch us. It looked like the perfect little fairytale, where we could just be us for a few days before the spell was broken and reality seeped in. I just wanted a few normal days. 
She goes further back into my mind and I can feel the headache starting to grow. Moments between me and Draco at school flashes before my eyes. His silver eyes haunt me, the smile on his face is the most beautiful thing in the world and the way he caresses my body with his slim but strong fingers set my body on fire. 
I can see my friends, the Common Room and late nights where I am focussed on finishing my homework in front of the fire. The moments where I finish early and sneak out of Gryffindor Tower to go to the Astronomy Tower. The Great Hall where I let my eyes wander over all the tables, finding Draco already staring at me. The fights with Ron. Preparing for Harry’s First Task. Spending hours with Draco in the library. Kissing, him making me come, our first time having sex and our slowdance in the Astronomy Tower after the Yule ball. 
 The memories start to flicker, and I can’t focus anymore. She is going at such a speed through years of memories. 

   The blond boy asks about Harry like he is famous.  


   “…and I’m Malfoy. Draco Malfoy,” he says with a smirk.  


   Maybe his parents are Muggle too! My dad loves James Bond as well. When I focus back on the conversation, he doesn’t sound so nice anymore. He sounds like he thinks Ron is beneath him.   


   Shortly after we need to walk down the hall, I look around and am amazed by the amount of people. They are all divided over four tables. In the Hogwarts: A History book, I read that you get sorted in different houses depending on what fits you best. I have no idea in which house I will be, maybe Ravenclaw because they are really smart, and I love learning.  


   Professor McGonagall is explaining how the sorting will work, but I can’t fully focus. The blond boy, Draco, is talking about how he will be sorted in Slytherin. A few other people join in and when I turn around to look, they all give me a very dirty look. Well, if that is how Slytherin is I don’t want to be in that house. I read that some very bad people came from that house and by the way they are acting I don’t think I will fit in with them. Just the way that they are standing, already a little group that is seperated, like they know they already belong in Slytherin.  


   I watch silently as people are getting sorted. When my name is called, I get a flutter of nerves in my stomach. After a deep breath I walk up to the stool and sit down. The Hat falls over my eyes and I wait.  


   “Well, well, who do we have here?” the voice of the Hat echoes through my mind.  


   “I’m Hermione Granger,” I think. 


   “You would fit in any house. I see that you are very smart, love reading, like a Ravenclaw. You are loyal like a Hufflepuff, you are brave like a Gryffindor and ambitious as a Slytherin.”  


   “Not Slytherin, not Slytherin,’ I keep repeating in my mind.  


   “Not Slytherin?” the Hat muses in my mind. “I think that would be perfect for you, it is in your blood you know. In that house you will develop skills that will take you far in life.”  


   “Not Slytherin, if you put me there I will find you and burn you,” I sneer. 


   “Remember what I said, it is in your blood. I can see your magical core, your potential and the power you have. You are certainly cunning enough.”  


   “Anything but Slytherin please,” I beg the Hat trying to switch tactics.  


   “Hmmm, better be Gryffindor, you are brave to challenge me so much. It’s brave to challenge faith!” he muses to me.  


   “I accept Gryffindor, thank you very much,” I say happily.  


   “GRYFFINDOR,” the Hat calls out.  


   I sigh relieved and remove the Hat and bold to the red table. Everybody at the table is clapping and I can’t keep a smile from my face.  


   Neville joins, followed by Harry and Ron. A few more girls join the table as well. 

 
She withdraws from my mind and I am dry heaving on the floor, and I can’t catch my breath. My head hurts so much, it feels like it is going to explode from my skull, or just melt and leak out of my ears. 
“You love him,” she whispers, and I try to look up. “I am going to help you. You need to surrender to the Dark Lord. You are strong, and I will help you to a certain point. My family, Draco, comes before anything else, but I can try to help you survive this. I owe it to him, he kept you safe and secret for years,” she says.
 She must be mistaken. Draco and I are only together for a few months, not years. She lifts my head and holds a vial to my lips. Without thinking I allow her to empty the content in my mouth and I swallow. It is a bitter potion, but a warmth blooms from my stomach slowly to limbs, even the headache is going away. 
“Rest, I will make sure you get some more food and water, but it can’t be too obvious. Find the magic inside of you and will it heal you more. You don’t need a wand for it, just focus on it. Demand it to do your bidding. Become stronger. I will see you soon,” she whispers and stands.  
Without waiting for an answer, she starts to walk away. I focus on my voice and what I want to say. “I…” I cough and she half turns. “I would…die…for him,” I struggle to stay with a raspy voice that is nothing more than a whisper, feeling the truth settle in me. 
She turns away and without acknowledging my statement she leaves me alone. 
 

  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    Surrender to the Dark Lord.
  
   How do I even do that? Just ask between torture curses? 
  
    Hey, Voldemort, I would rather join you and your little minions instead of dying. 
  
  It feels like selling my soul to the devil, which I probably am. What do I have to lose? Does he need to see some kind of resume stating all the sneaky things I have done with Harry and Ron. 

  
    Remember that time you wanted the Philosopher's Stone? Where I helped solve the problems for Harry, so he could prevent you from getting it and delaying your plan to return. Now I want to join you. Or the moment the Chamber of Secrets was opened and I just figured out the thing Harry could hear in the pipes was a Basilisk and he killed that thing because I solved it for him. 
  

  My brain could be an asset, but how could I ever be as cruel and cold as them? I am a Gryffindor, I care about people, I would never be able to hurt anyone. 
Tears roll down my cheeks, but I ignore them and stare into the darkness. I don’t want to die and I don't want to join him. How would I look Harry in the eye and secretly be a part of an army of Death Eaters? They want to kill him. Ron is my best friend, Ginny and all their brothers and parents, I would betray everyone. I would even be against my own people, the Muggleborns, I would literally fight against them. My parents! What if I make a mistake and they take it out on them, I would not be able to live with myself. 
  What if I try to survive long enough so I can go back to school and when nobody's looking, I will just throw myself off the Astronomy Tower, or take poison? 

  I can’t win either way. Or I die, and they will kill people I love. Or I live and they kill people I love and I kill myself. The only thing I can do is live and try to find a way to save people along the way. 

  I close my eyes and imagine my body, try to find some sort of piece inside of me so I can focus on it and give my magic a chance to heal me. Everything is cold around me, but deep inside me is a magical core, I can visualize it, feel it. It is so white, it looks blue and it is beautiful. It flickers and small wisps of it fly around it, curling and dancing as if there is music I can’t hear and the magic reacts to it. I visualize it spreading through my body, letting the wisps dance around my arms, stomach and legs, allowing it to heal every bruise and cut it finds. A warmth spreads through my body, it is like a cold fire. Blazing white, but it listens to me, lets me guide it. 

  Eventually I fall asleep, for the first time since I have been in this cage, with a warm feeling. Like I have a blanket over my body, keeping me warm and safe. 
 
  I dream of Harry and Ron, it starts as a memory. 

  
    They have a stupid idea, as always and they turn to me over breakfast to help them succeed. They beg me, and of course I relent, without me they would be killed or worse, expelled! I can’t let that happen to my friends, I could never say no to them. 
  

  
    It is late at night and we are about to leave. Harry has the invisibility cloak, I know where the library isby heart and will guide us to the Restricted Section. We need to find a special kind of book, and it is really important. Ron helps us with searching for it. Just before we want to leave, someone is walking down from the boys dorm room. I throw the cloak over the boys and start rumbling through my bag. 
  

  
    “Hey Hermione, what are you doing?” Neville asks.
  

  
    I look up. “I need to slip out for a moment,” I shrug if you must lie, always use a bit of the truth. 
  

  
    “But it’s past curfew? What do you need?” he asks and he steps towards me. 
  

  
    I see him grab onto his wand in the pocket of his pajamas. “Just need to grab a book for homework. It will be just a few minutes and I have done it before,” I say with a slight smile. 
  

  
    Again a half truth. 
  

  
    “You can’t,” he says a little stronger and stepping closer to me. 
  

  
    “It is fine, Neville. Just go back to bed,” I say and start turning away.
  

  
    “I...I will stun you,” he threatens weakly. 
  

  
    Without waiting I spin around, point my want and whisper: “Stupify.” Neville looks shocked and falls hard and stiff on the ground. “Sorry, I really didn’t mean it like this, but I need that book.” 
  

  
    I walk out the room without a glance back, I assume that Harry and Ron are following me. Just outside the portrait whole I wait, and immediately Harry’s head pokes out. 
  

  
    “Did you have to do that?” he hisses. 
  

  
    “Don’t you dare put this on me. You and Ron came up with this plan, and I just made sure we won’t be expelled for it,” I snarl back. 
  

  
    He doesn’t say anything, but lifts the cloak for me to get under. We walk in silence to the library, there we switch places and I walk in front. I stumble slightly and Harry catches me with his seeker reflexes around my waist. As quick as his arms were around me they also left me. I try not to dwell on the feeling of someone's hands around my waist as I walk further to the Restricted Section. Once there I get out from underneath the cloak and we spread out looking for the book. 
  

  
    I hear a soft sound somewhere in the library, but I can't pinpoint it or recognise the sound. All of the sudden something grabs my arm, not a thing, but a person. Voldemort. He grabs my left arm, just above my wrist and it starts to burn. The pain is unbearable and I try to get away, but it feels like I am in a glass cage. Trapped. I scream and hit the glass, but nothing happens, Ron and Harry don’t know what is happening and Voldemort is taking me away. 
  

  
    “No, no, no!” I scream while I kick and try to get free of his burning hand. 
  

  
    “There is no escaping me, little Lioness. You are mine. You gave yourself to me,” he hisses softly in my ear. 
  

  
    Shudders run up my spine and I am fighting the nassau that is trying to claw its way out of my stomach. A sudden calmth overtakes my body and mind. I stop kicking and screaming, I know I don’t have any other option than to go with him. After a deep sigh, I imagine a fire in me slowly dying and when only a little flicker is left, I blow it out. Leaving me feeling cold and alone. I turn to Voldemort and look up at him, I am completely empty and go with him willingly. We walk away from Ron and Harry. 
  
 
  I wake up, feeling colder than I have ever felt in this cage. The magic I felt before I fell asleep is gone, I can’t even feel it inside of me anymore. My choice is made and I will need to live with the consequences. 

  I have a feeling that every second someone can come down the stairs to bring me to the dining room for another round of torture. It feels like I am almost curious how this time it will be different. Narcissa Malfoy said she would do anything for Draco and she even will try and help me. How will she even do it, she doesn’t seem like a begging type of person. she will be betraying her husband, because she defends a Mudblood, like they love to call me. 

  The door slams open and I can't help a small smile tugging at my lips. This is going to be interesting. Before the man can see the smile I hide it away and take on a look that is boring. 

  The cage opens with a flick of a wand, I can feel a flicker of the magic as it brushes my leg. The shackles fall away and without giving me the time to get out of the cage myself, he yanks at my ankle. I ignore the pain shooting through my leg and walk with him to the stairs. He has a very strong grip on my arm, when the door opens I can see him properly. This is the same man as all the other times, I know that he has a lot of calluses on his hands. I look up and see that his arms, neck and even his face are filled with white scars. 
  
    He’s a werewolf. Why didn’t I notice before, he literally sniffed me and he is so strong. 
  

  Voldemort has werewolves in his army, which is very interesting. We walk in silence and I have my head turned back so I can look around me more. This is very different, something is different, but what? 

  They still haven’t given me anything else to wear. The shirt is stained with so much blood, sweat and tears and let’s not think about my knickers. That is maybe the most inhumane thing they do. Letting me sit in these clothes. 

  I walk in the room and every eye turns to me, without acknowledging anyone, I crawl up on the table and walk to the middle. Let them think that I am completely mad, willingly standing here. Letting them humiliate me and accepting it. They must think so low of me, a desperate Muggleborn who doesn’t want to die. 

  I am waiting for something to happen and let my head hang, maybe they think I am just a broken, scared little girl, who gave up fighting. How easy a Gryffindor can fall. 
 
  Suddenly it dawns on me. Something is different, I am different. I’m not in pain, my body is healed. Hopefully nobody notices as I take in my own body, trying to feel any discomfort, any bruise or wound on my body. But there is nothing. I turn over my hands and glance down at them. Somehow I almost got used to seeing them bloody, full of fresh and old bruises. Everytime I would get tortured, I would bite my own arm to keep myself from screaming, but the only thing it did was drawing blood and leaving marks in the shape of my teeth behind. When I couldn’t keep the screams inside of me, I would trash my arms to the table, scrape my nails in the wood until they bled and then the shaking would start. It would take hours or days for it to stop. I would fall on my knees, bruising them and eventually after I kicked and screamed until I was bleeding in my body, they would send me back to the cage. 

  It was always the same, currently I have survived twenty-two torture curses without completly healing in between them. How did I heal myself, was it the potion Narcissa Malfoy gave me, it had that oily feel to it and it tasted rather bitter. Nothing out of the ordinary, just a normal healing potion. 

  I can't help myself and sneak a glance at an unknown Death Eater, sitting on my left. Clearly staring at the highest point of my leg. He looks me in the eye and he has the nerve to smirk at me. 
  
    What is his deal?
  

  The doors behind me burst open, they must have closed them behind me. I don’t turn around to look at Lord Voldemort walking into the room, he will be standing before me within minutes, probably. Ready to torture me some more tonight, making it really count. 

  As if on cue, he sweeps in front of me, with his wand drawn, aiming between my eyes. 

  “My Lord, if I may, I think someone healed her,” the man to my left says. 

  I can see that multiple people roll their eyes at his comment. 

  “Who helped a Mudblood?” growls Voldemort. 

  I don’t know what got into me, but it was like an electric shock that was going through me. From the corner of my eye I could see him quite clearly, he is the werewolf that always gets me. Flashes of him walking down the stairs come to my mind, the beam of light blinding me. The things he said to me, when I couldn’t do anything to him. He would wait while getting me out of the cage. 

  
    “Such a shame, such a beautiful girl. A shame your blood is dirty. I would have been so good to you, the smell you have is divine. The Dark Lord talked about your naughty little thoughts and I would bring you to the edge again and again until you beg for release. Would you be my little brave Mudblood? Do you want to be my pet? Such a shame that You are weak. Probably completely out of your mind. Now you are just a filthy little Mudblood whore. If I could I would set you free and keep hunting you, just for fun. You are my prize.” 
  

  Even though I never responded to him, I always listened and watched. I remember each time he would pull me out of that cage and sniff me, pulling me against him. 
 
  “I bet it was the Malfoy boy,” the werewolf spits. 

  Shocked gasps are going around the table and the air gets thick with anger. 

  “I have done nothing!” I hear Draco’s voice boom from my other side. 

  It takes every ounce of self preservation to not look at him. “It wasn’t him,” I start as I look Voldemort straight in the eye. “He...,” I nod towards the werewolf. “...came to me once and did not take me here. He kept me locked up but gave me a potion, forced it down my throat. I recognised it by the taste, it was a normal healing potion, but it probably enhanced my magic, I felt it go through my body and heal every bruise and wound.” 

  His red eyes narrowed at me but his wand had lowered a bit, but I kept staring at him, the wand kept hovering on the level of my heart. 

  “How dare you, filthy little Mudblood whore!” the werewolf screams and pulls on my ankle making me fall. 

  He claws at me and the impact on my head is huge. I snap open my eyes and notice that I am laying sprawled over the table and my head is exactly at the place where Draco is sitting. For a second I let myself look at him, even if it is a weird angle he kind of hangs over me and I look up at his throat. His eyes don’t even look down. 

  I find my strength and twist my body over my left side and kick the werewolf who is still clawing at me. My foot hits him in the cheek so hard he gets knocked down to the ground. 

  “Don’t you ever call me that again you foul dog,” I growl as I stand up again on the table. 
  
    Here goes nothing. Play your part. 
  
  I keep playing the little snippets of memories over and over again in my head until it feels like one memory. 
 
  I turn to Voldemort and walk towards him. Keeping my head down, until I am right in front of him. I kneel for him and look up. “Please, My Lord, look in my mind. See that I speak the truth and that he is betraying you.” I think I stunned him into silence. He just looks at me, eyes wide, mouth slightly open as if he is going to say something but the words won’t come. 

  All of the sudden his eyes narrow and he points his wand between my eyes and hisses  “Legillemens!” 

  I keep playing the memories and after a while Voldemort starts to search, but this time I am prepared. I have never trained in Occlumency, but I read about it once. 
  
    Hide the memories you don’t want to be seen and push forward the memories you don’t mind sharing. 
  

  That is exactly what I do. I show him moments when I cried in the cage, moments of Harry and Ron, the Gryffindor Common Room, classes, Potions and Professor Snape’s comments. At last I am showing him a memory of me in the library bowing over a book on the Sacred Twenty-Eight, and studying it. A sugar quill hangs from my mouth. 
 
  Before he can withdraw from my mind, my knees buckle and I fall to the table, once again. For a moment I am dazed as to what is happening. But then the tingle of pain is shooting up my spine and hits home in my mind. In combination with the Legilimency it hurts even more. 

  I hold my head and break eye contact with Voldemort as I double over in pain. Vaguely I can hear Voldemort cry out, maybe from pain or from anger, I don’t know. The pain keeps intensifying and as if a cage on the inside of my body is broken open, I feel magic overwhelming me. I imagine the wisps dance around my body, helping me fight off the torture. The pain is getting less and I am able to stand again. 
  
    That bloody dog is going to pay for this. 
  

  I turn around and I get a glimpse of my arms, the wisps are circling around me and it looks breathtaking. They tease my fingers and move with my body, I can feel the power courses through me and hangs around me. 

  The curse is lifted but as I step closer to him, he throws one towards me, but I simply sidestep it. 
  
    Sloppy.
  
   Two other werewolves stand up and flank him. All three of them throw the Cruciatus curse at me and I don’t have the time to get out of the way. They all hit me, and this pain is even worse than ever. 
 
  I pull all the magic inside of me and when it feels like it is going to overwhelm me I push it all out of me. Again I have fallen to my knees, the second the magic is pushed out of me I open my eyes and see that the white blue-ish wisps have come together in several thick waves. As if I am a bomb, the waves hit everybody around me and they all get thrown out of their chairs and against the floors. I look up to the ceiling and I can see the magic fade out as smoke and disappear. 
 
  My head rolls to the side and I catch a glimpse of all the surprised faces of the three Malfoys. My eyes close and I can feel how everything goes limp and I fall to the table.  

  I am laying on my back and people are standing back up again, sneaking glances towards me and whispering. It takes a lot of effort to get in a sitting position, I clamp my knees against each other, to keep the people from seeing too much. 

  Everythings feels like it is spinning and I let my head fall forward and take deep breaths. The dizziness has not fully passed, but I am still worried about showing my weakness. Someone grabs my arm and lays his hand against my back, my head snaps to the side and I am met with grey eyes. He gives me the smallest nod and helps me get up, but now we locked eyes, I can’t look away. After a few more deep breaths I turn to him and let him help me get off of the table. He lets me go and I walk towards Voldemort, kneel and keep my head down. 

  He must have been blown away too, so he is probably angry at me and he didn’t torture me this evening. I wait for something to happen, but it is all quiet around me. There is a rustling around me and I let my eyes close. I don’t need to see my death coming at me. 

  “Severus, tell me, has she ever displayed such powerful magic?” Voldemort asked angrily. 

  “No, my Lord, not anything like this. She has always been good at potions and the other Professors are always very positive, she has never failed any assignment.”

  “Is she loyal?” 

  “Yes, my Lord. Look at her, sitting here, waiting for you. She lost that Gryffindor fire inside of her, and I think that is a good thing, with the right training she can be an asset, My Lord,” the potion’s Professor drawls as if he is giving a lecture. 

  “My Lord, may I ask if she was correct that Fenrir came to her and gave her that potion?” Lucius asks. 

  It is silent for a minute and I am starting to think that Voldemort is doubting my memories. 
  
    Why can’t Lucius stay out of it!
  
   

  “She...was correct,” Voldemort answers with a pause. 
 
  I don’t dare to look up, I know everyone has gathered around to look at me. The suspense is killing me. Something drapes around my shoulders and I tense. 

  “She will be trained, with the other young ones. Let’s see if she is worth it. Stand up,” he ends with a demand. 

  I immediately react and stand, but don’t look at him, I keep my head down and wait for instructions. 

  “Young Malfoy, you will take care of her, recover quickly. I don’t care what you two do for now, just know it will never last. She is still a Mudblood, but I want her to start training as soon as possible. Don’t let me down. Everybody is dismissed!” Voldemort ends loudly. 

  Before I can move, two fingers grab my chin and make me meet his slitted red eyes. “You better do your best or you are going to regret it. I will kill everyone you ever talked with,” he hisses. 

  “I will... My Lord,” the words feel foreign on my lips, but I force them out. 
 
  He lets go of me and pushes me in the direction of Draco. The rows of people that are still around me step out of the way as I pass them, the silence follows me through the room. Draco walks beside me, but doesn’t touch me. 

  “I think we should go to my room, you can wash yourself,” he says softly and when I look sideways at him, I see he is staring straight ahead. 

  “Okay, thank you,” I mumble. 

  We walk in silence to his room and he immediately walks to the bathroom and I can hear the water running. I don’t know what to do so I keep standing in the same spot he left me, looking at the floor and trying not to think about what just happened. 
  
    You sold your soul to the devil. Welcome to your damned life. 
  

  I glance around the room quickly, and catch my reflection in the windows. The thing around my shoulders is a cloak, but not any cloak, it is silky and I know it is Voldemort’s  personal cloak. He gave me a cloak, as a sign of acceptance for now. 

  “Your bath is ready,” Draco says from the doorway. 

  I don’t say anything and as I walk towards him I pick off the cloak and carefully lay it over an armchair. With just a quick glance at him I slip past him and feel confused. 
  
    Should I really fully undress when he is just standing there. He knows that I am not in the mood for sex right? What if he doesn’t know, and starts touching me and I disappoint him and then he tells Voldemort. No, this is Draco, he is not like that and he has already seen me naked. Lets face it, this is not my best look. 
  

  I find my courage and lift the hem of his shirt and pull it over my head. 

  “Can you burn it?” I ask without meeting his gaze. 

  I know this is his shirt, but those stains will not come out and above all, it reminds me of hell. For good measure I throw my knickers on it and as quickly the flames come to life, they die down again. Leaving little scraps of charred clothing on the ground and with the following Vanishing spell it is gone. 
 
  I am scared to look at myself in the mirror, maybe most of my bruises and wounds have healed, new ones will be starting to show, but I am still covered in blood. Streaks of blood run from my forehead and nose over my chin, to my chest. It is flaking off, streaked with dirt and I still don’t know exactly how many days I stayed down there. My cheeks are hollow, big black circles under my eyes and my lips chapped. 
  
    For how long did they starve me?
  
   My wrists and ankles are still covered in little cuts from the shackles. 

  As I look through the bathroom via the mirror I see that Draco is staring at me, but not with lust, his eyes are defeated as he looks at me. 

  “Are you okay?” I ask and turn to face him. 

  His eyes don’t leave my body for a second, he is particularly focussed on my ribs. It is clear that I have lost a lot of weight.

  “I didn’t get the same torture as you,” he admits softly and finally meets my eyes. 

  
    But you admit to being tortured. 
  
  My hand starts twitching because of the twenty six toture curses that have hit my body. 

  “Can I help you, please?” he begs. 

  I nod, too tired and drained for much more. 

  He walks over to me, lifting his hand slowly and touches my cheek. I suppress the urge to jerk away, but I twitch slightly. He notices and drops his hand. 

  “I am so sorry,” his voice breaking. “I should have saved you, killed everyone in that room and got you out. It is all my fault.” 

  I shake my head. “I don’t want you to be a killer,” I rasp. “I survived for you, I could only think of you,” I admit.

  “Why don’t you hate me?” He looks at me with wide eyes. 

  “Because I love you,” I yell, the feeling overwhelming me and tears spring to my eyes. 

  He walks towards me, not being careful and cautious as he grabs my face and presses his lips against mine. “I love you too,” he whispers against my lips. 

  My fingers twist in his hair, pulling him closer to me. Tears dripping down my cheeks and tasting them on our lips. “I love you,” I whisper again.

  “We are going to survive this, I am going to protect you, I swear it on Salazar's grave,” he has my head between his hands and looks at me. “The last two weeks will be the worst of your life and I won’t let any curse hit you again. I will throw myself in front of a killing curse for you. I don’t care what they say, I will always be with you, you have a piece of my heart.” 

  “And you have a piece of mine,” I sniff, it suddenly registers what he said. “Two weeks?” I asked confused. 

  “Yes, it has been two weeks. Everyday they got you out, tortured you and threw you back.”

  I frown. “It felt so much longer, I lost track of time… I was focussing on not losing my mind. Reciting potions, plants and counting,” I admit.  

  “You have not lost your mind,” he caresses my face. 

  “I think I have, I must have. I pledged myself to Voldemort. If Harry finds out, he is going to kill me himself,” I gasp. “Ron has a reason now, he already thinks I am evil. Now I am, he is going to tell everyone. They will all hate me, try to kill me. What am I going to do? I can’t go back to school. I can’t face them. I am betraying everyone, I can’t lie. They are going to find out. I need to stay here,” my breaths come quickly and I feel dizzy. 

  “You will be fine, we still have a few days to prepare. I will help you, the other Slytherins will help too.” 

  “Why would they? I am a Mudblood. They hate me,” I cry out. 

  “They will do so, because I tell them to. The Dark Lord won’t want you killed at school. He wants to use you, they will follow his orders.”

  I nod, seeing the logic, but not fully believing it. 

  “Let’s get you cleaned up and into bed,” he says while wiping away my tears. 
 
  I step in the hot water and hiss as I let myself sink in it, I pull up my knees to my chest and stare to the end of the tub. There is enough room for Draco to sit behind me, and that is exactly what he does. He pulls my body to him and I let him. I soak up the warmth of his body and the water. His hands glide over my body, softly stroking it, washing away the dirt and dried up blood.

  We sit in silence and I keep thinking about the effects of the Crusiatus curse on my body, maybe it isn’t all just fine and like before. Nobody can walk out of this unharmed. My hands shake and I still have a huge headache. 

  “I think I am more messed up from the Crusiatus than I originally thought,” I admit into the silence. 

  His hands stop moving on my sides and he doesn’t say anything. 

  “I think I can accept that. I knew something was going to happen to me, and a bit of brain damage and losing weight is okay,” I try to say in a strong and confident way, but I can hear the tremble in it. 

  Something about me is different. I shot magic out of my body, it was visible and everyone was thrown out their chairs. I have never heard of something happening like that. It kinda looked like the blue flames of the Goblet of Fire. 
 
  I misled a very dark wizard, let him into my brain without ever practicing Occlumency and made a new memory, made him believe it. The werewolf tortured me and at one point three curses hit me all at once. I had magic exploding from my body and everyone was thrown against the floor. Professor Snape said some kind of nice things about me and in the end Voldemort gave me his cloak and gave me the opportunity to train for him. 
  
    Sold my soul to the devil.
  

  I try to hold in the sobs, but they wreck over my body, I start to shake and tears are running down my cheeks. While I cry, Draco holds me against him. I try to find that warm flickering light within myself, but like I dreamed, it is gone, I have blown it out and let myself fall into the dark and coldness. 
  
    What have I done? Have I killed the Lioness inside of me? 
  

  With the help of Draco I wash my body and hair, and after the bath I am sitting wrapped up in a fluffy towel on the edge of his bed. 

  “Where is my wand?” I ask as I can’t find it in my trunk or on the bed stand. 

  “The Dark Lord has it, they are probably adding a tracker to it. You will be watched closely as you train and probably after that as well,” he says and doesn’t meet my eyes. 

  “Okay, that is to be expected,” I nod and find a shirt and shorts to sleep in. "Did you know he was back? The Dark Lord?" I whisper.
"No, I did not. Maybe my parents helped and that is why they weren't at home," he shrugs. "Are all those people Death Eaters? Are you one?" whispering so nobody can hear us. "I think we both are, at least training. My father volunteered me after they found you here. Fenrir smelled a girl, not a Pureblood. My Father dragged me away before I could wake you. I wanted to help," he tells me sadly, with bright eyes. "He could smell that I was not a Pureblood?" I gasp. "He knows the smells of the Pureblood in the ranks, and you didn't match those, so you could only be a Weasley, Halfblood or Muggleborn." 
  I crawl in his bed, he is watching me carefully. He is sitting against the headboard of the bed. I lay my head on his thigh and close my eyes. Images of the magic surrounding my body flood my mind. That is my magic and it is so beautiful, it healed me in the night. The potion did not have the power to do that much, but I do have the power. 

  I need to start training tomorrow, to show them that I am going to be the best. 
  
    I am strong and I never fail an assignment, even this one. I will survive… somehow… 
  





  
    Chapter Text
    
  When I wake up the next morning, I am greeted with sunlight in the room, and when I stretch I don’t feel any pain in my body. 


  I get out and look out over the garden, the albino peacocks are strutting around on the grounds. After a quick shower I am kneeling in front of my trunk, what should I wear? I don’t have much clothes with me, they said we would be training, but I don’t expect them to wear muggle workout gear. Draco is watching me from his bed. 
  
    Oh sod it. 
  


  I pull out a pair of black leggings and pair them with a sports bra and over that I wear a loose sweater. After pulling on the clothes I pull my hair in a high ponytail andslip in my running shoes. 


  “Are you going to wear that?” he asks and raises his eyebrow.


  “I don’t have anything else to wear. We are training right?” 


  “Yes, but that is tight and I don’t know if they will like it.” 


  “What should I wear? A short dress? It is not like I packed with this in mind,” I snap. 


  I look around the room and the cloak of Voldemort, the Dark Lord, catches my eye. The fabric is soft, Acromantula silk by the feel of it. It just slips through my fingers, he must use a heating spell to keep warm, because it is so thin. 


  I lay it over my arm and leave the room. 
  
    I can’t keep this, it will be a good sign if I return it. Showing him I am docile and willing. 
  

 

  Draco remains quiet as I walk out. While I am walking down the stairs, it dawns on me that I don’t actually know where I need to go. I’m guessing the dining room, that is where Draco and I had our breakfast. I roll my shoulders back, lift my chin slightly and walk straight towards the room. Both doors are open and I slow down as I walk in. Lucius and Narcissa’s eyes meet mine first, both shocked to see me walk inside. They are sitting across from each other, towards the end of the table, but two chairs on either side still keep a distance between them and Voldemort. 
  
    The Dark Lord, you can’t slip up.
  
   I nod as a greeting as I turn my eyes towards the Dark Lord. He is watching me amused. 


  “I am sorry, I had to guess where to go,” I try to explain. 


  A weird smile tugs at his lips. “Don’t worry, come sit with me,” and he gestures to a chair on the end of the length of the table, on his left. Only one empty chair is separating Lucius and me. And he doesn’t look too pleased with it. 


  I walk over and with my head bowed I offer him the robe back, he is already wearing a new one. 


  “What do I need that for?” the Dark Lord asks. 


  
    Think how they think. Put yourself in their shoes. 
  


  “You should take it back, my Lord. I am not worthy of such a gift,” I tell him softly. 


  He makes a dismissive hand gesture. “You are right, but keep it. When you think you are worthy, you can wear it.”


  “I will never be worthy of it, my Lord,” I say with my eyes downcast on the robe in my hands. 


  “Then make sure you will become worthy,” he hisses. 


  I look him straight in the eyes, the slitted eyes stare into mine. A shiver wants to run down my back, but I hold it in. 


  “Sit. Eat,” he demands and looks back to his own plate. 


  I sit down and a pop to my left signals that an elf has come. “What would the Mudblood like to have?” a high pitched voice asks. 


  I ignore the way he addressed me. Before I look down at the elf I look around the table at what everyone is eating. They all have different things. Narcissa has a bowl of fruit, Lucius eggs and toast and the Dark Lord a bowl of porridge. 
  
    Who would have thought that! I thought he ate snakes for breakfast. 
  


  “Could I have some eggs and toast please, along with a piece of fruit?” I ask politely as I look down at the elf. 


  “What fruit and drink?” he squeaks. 


  “An apple and coffee please,” I answer and have to remind myself to be less like my normal self and want to protect the little one and get the food myself. 


  With a nod and a pop the elf is gone and taking the robe from my hands. Everybody is watching me and I get the feeling I need to apologize for something. 
  
    What did I do wrong? 
  


  I look back at the Dark Lord and still the amusement is clearly visible in his eyes, it’s weird, I notice his gaze dropping. 


  “I’m sorry for the clothing, I did not know what to wear and I don’t have much, My Lord,” I say softly and ready to cast down my eyes. 


  “I have never seen anyone wear anything like it, but if it is meant for training it is fine. Being on that topic. I have your wand,” 


  My hand twitches in my lap and I get overwhelmed with the urge to snatch it back from him, but I restrain myself and simply meet his eyes. 


  He waits a second before he talks again, “I added a tracker on it. So I know what spells you are using.” 


  I nod and wait as he pulls my wand from underneath the table and holds it in front of me. Slowly I raise my right hand to take my want back and he lets me. 


  “Thank you, My Lord.” 


  That makes him cackle, it is not a pleasant sound but I remain silent. I can feel the magic in me rush through my hand and tingle as it recognises the wand. 

 

  Draco’s voice snaps me out of my thoughts. 


  “Why are you sitting in my seat, Hermione,” Draco immediately asks as he walks in the room. 


  He is not even surprised to see me sit at the table. 


  “I'm not sitting in your seat, Draco,” I say and square my shoulders and look him in the eyes.  


  “Yes, you are and you know this,” I see the moment he realises what he said and he quickly looks at his parents. 


  He didn’t sit here when the other Death Eaters were in the room, he always sat on my left when I stood on the table. So he must have insinuated the morning we had breakfast together. I frown as I try to remember it, but nothing comes up. I know we had breakfast, but I can’t remember a detail from sitting down with him and eating. 


  “I don’t remember,” I snap. 
  
    I hate this feeling of having holes in my head. 
  


  “Now, now, Young Malfoy, I asked her to sit here, I want to keep a close eye on her. You can sit on that chair.” He points to the chair between me and Lucius. 


  Draco obeys and food appears in front of both of us. The delicious smell of the food hits my nose and I can’t keep in the soft whimper leaving my lips and without looking I dig in. 
  
    This is the best food ever! Could I maybe get a second serving and a third? I want to burst from food. 
  


  My wand is laying in front of my plate and I keep an eye on it, nobody will ever take it again from  me. I will hurt them before they can even try. 


  The toast is so crispy and the eggs are scrambled to perfection, so fluffy and full of flavour. After the plate is empty I take a grateful sip of the coffee, sometimes I would add a splash of milk, but not today, I need it strong. I clutch the cup in both my hands and look around the table again, luckily nobody is watching me anymore and just looking at their plates or a Daily Prophet. 


  I sneak a glance at Draco, who is sitting closer to me than to his Father. He has a small bowl of apple slices in front of him and is biting into one while looking at an article in the Daily Prophet. Nobody is speaking and it is a stark contrast with breakfast at school or with my parents. We always talk to each other and discuss things from the news. 


  Every now and then I take a sip of coffee, enjoying the smell, taste and warmth that is spreading through my body. I bet I lost quite a few pounds and if I want to be healthy again I need to gain them back. While I stare at my fingers, I notice how thin they have become, just like my wrist, the cuts have closed but are still red and raised.


  Meanwhile everyone has finished eating and Draco is getting up, I look at him, unsure of what I need to do. I follow his gaze to the Dark Lord and he nods at both of us. I gulp down the last of my coffee, snatch my wand from the table and follow Draco out of the dining room. Without saying or looking at me he walks through the Manor and I follow on his heels. Two big doors open up to the garden and outside is waiting Professor Snape. I hide the surprise of seeing him here at this hour, it must be very early because the sun is just rising. 

 

  He looks at me with an expression I can’t place, it is a combination of disappointment and worry. 
  
    I know he doesn’t like me, but to be disappointed that I am alive is a bit harsh. 
  
  The moment we stand in front of him, the expression is hidden and he looks bored. 


  “The art of a duel starts with the basics,” he starts in his teaching voice. “In order to be able to hit your opponent you must have the correct posture. Face each other and take your positions.” 


  Without saying a word, I take a few steps away from Draco and face him, I place my feet apart, straighten my back, lift my wand to the height of my chest. Draco has his feet wider than mine and one is stepped forward and his arm is stretched more forwards. 


  Professor Snape turns to Draco first and gives him instructions in a low voice that I can’t hear, but I see his stance change. After he decides Draco’s posture is decent he turns around and walks towards me. He won’t meet my gaze and I feel intimidated as he walks towards me with his robes swishing behind him. 
  
    Why is he so tall and broad? He always makes me feel so small and like I am five years old and did something wrong. Even if I know every answer to each question in class he never gives me the rightful recognition for it. 
  


  He walks a slow circle around me and I keep my eyes staring at something in the distance. When he is at my side I don’t even see him reach up his hand. But suddenly I can feel it on my right shoulder, I jerk away and put several feet between us. 


  “Don’t. Touch. Me.” I hiss and have my wand aimed at him. 


  
    How dare he! He didn’t touch Draco, why would he think it is okay to touch me without letting me know. Has he been blind for the last two weeks? I wasn’t! He was there, on the Dark Lord’s right side, every single time. 
  


  He looks taken aback with my outburst and even Draco has moved closer to me. 


  I can’t keep back the insult that is burning on my lips. “You have no right touching me after two weeks of endless torture and all that you did was watch me,” I sneer. “Just tell me what to do, professor,” and I spit the last word at him, looking him in the eyes with burning anger in my eyes. 


  It takes a few seconds before he responds with a clipped. “Of course.” 


  I wait a few seconds longer before I walk back to my spot and take the stance I had before. 


  “Lower your arm a bit and keep your elbow straight underneath it. That is useful to perform spells faster and more precisely,” he tells me in a low voice and I silently follow his instructions. 


  I keep my eyes trained in front of me. 


  “Shoulders more back, less tense. You might injure yourself if you keep your muscles tight.” 


  I roll my shoulders back and try to relax more.


  “Best is to keep one foot in front of the other, as if you just stepped. It creates balance.” 


  I nod and change my footing. 


  “Bend both legs a bit, so you can easily side step if necessary.” 


  Without further comments he walks away and takes a place in between Draco and I.


  “Start with trying to disarm each other, when the others are here we can start on more advanced spells,” Professor Snape orders. 


  Draco is meeting my eyes and I can spot some hesitation in his eyes. We have never needed to duel together, but we have seen each other duel more than once in class and even outside of class when he and Harry got in a fight. 


  I decide to be a bit mean, in a real fight nobody is waiting for a signal to start.


  “Expelliarmus!” I call out and flick my wand. 


  I watch as Draco’s wand is pulled out of his hand and falls in the grass a few feet away. 


  “I wasn’t ready,” he snaps. 


  “In a fight nobody is going to wait for you,” I laugh back. 


  Professor Snape remains silent, Draco snatches up his wand and gets back in position. 


  “The intent is to disarm,” Professor Snape warns. 


  “Expelliarmus!” Draco immediately yells. 


  “Protego,” I snap and wave my wand. 


  The shield holds and I fire a series of spells. “Stupefy! Expelliarmus!” 


  He blocks them and fires his spells back. “Rictumsempra! Expelliarmus!” 


  “Protego Horribilis,” I shout, followed by a Bat Bogey Hex and ending with an Expelliarmus. 


  His wand is once again pulled out of his hand and he releases a frustrated growl. 
  
    I bet he thought he could win against me. 
  
  Lucky for me I always was careful with showing power in classes. 


  “Draco, you need to focus more on defence,” Professor Snape instructs and he only nods towards me. 


  We do a couple of rounds and only one time Draco is able to get me disarmed. Professor Snape limits his words to me and only gives me short instructions to get a better posture or more precise striking with my spells. He doesn’t even come near me anymore and I am fine with that. 

 

  We get a break and Draco conjures two apples and throws one at me. I catch it and bit into it gratefully, I’m so hungry. The leggings that I am wearing are sliding down, and between duels I need to pull them up. Everytime that happens both men look away and I am glad that they do, I don’t understand why they look at me full of pity and Professor Snape is hiding some other emotion that I can’t decipher. 


  The apple is very juicy and I finish it in no time. I vanish the left over and look over the gardens. The sun is high in the sky, I guess it is around eleven o’clock and a quick Timus spell tells me I am correct. 


  “Can I get some water?” I ask no one in particular . 


  Both conjure a bottle of water and without watching the other, they throw it at me. I don’t even notice it until I catch the bottle Draco has thrown in my way and the other bottle of water hits my head. 


  I look around dazed and find the bottle laying at my feet, I pick it up and with a nod to both I open the first and drink it within seconds. The other follows quickly after that. 


  “Thanks, so what is the plan?” I ask as I can’t keep my curiosity at bay. 


  Draco answers first. “Other Slytherins of Death Eaters are joining us in a few and we train some more. We need to be prepared as we go back to school and if a fight breaks out, we need to be better than others,” he answers in a flat tone.


  “But I’m not the child of a Death Eater, won’t they be surprised to see me?” I ask. 


  “They are aware of the situation,” Professor Snape interjects. 


  I nod and turn to see a small group of people walking in our direction. In the front is Theodore Nott, and on his side is Blaise Zabini. Behind them are Pansy Parkinson, Astoria Greengrass, Vincent Crabbe, Gregory Goyle, Marcus Flint and last is Millicent Bullstrode. 


  I feel the need to run away and hide somewhere. Once again I am surrounded by Slytherins and I am standing in the middle. I try to hide my nervousness, but the tapping of my foot betrays me and Professor Snape shoots me a glare. While I stop tapping and straighten, I watch as Draco has a conversation with them. I am the only one left out, didn’t expect anything else, but it still feels odd. I don’t want to join them, but I don’t want to feel left out. 


  Professor Snape makes us all line up and to my relief Draco stands next to me, nobody even glances in my direction. Maybe I should be happy with that. 


  “Let's start a duel, Malfoy, Nott. Intent to disarm only,” he states and looks pointedly at both of them. 


  Theodore gets a few instructions to change his stance and they start their duel. Draco wins within a few spells. Vincent and Gregory are next and they need a lot of instruction on their positions. I can hear the irritation in Professor Snape's voice. 


  Draco has joined me again, but remains silent and is only looking at the duels. 


  I am the last one to be called forward, together with Pansy. 
  
    I need to beat her, show them that I am better than all of them.
  
   As I take my stance, Professor Snape gives her some pointers, but I can see that she doesn’t follow them. Her feet are too close to each other. 
  
    She will be easily out of balance, that is a weakness that I should use. 
  


  Professor Snape counts down and I have my spell ready. 


  “Expulso,” I yell and point close to her feet. 


  The explosion makes her lose her balance and I finish with a quick but powerful Expelliarmus. Her wand flies feet away for her. 


  With a glance towards the others it is easy to see that they did not see this coming. I ended the duel the fastest. She didn’t even have time to call out her own spell. 


  As I walk back to stand next to Draco, I get his with a spell in my leg. 
  
    Fuck!
  
   I didn’t hear her say the curse, but I know which one it is immediately. My knees start to buckle, but this time I have my wand. The searing heat is spreading up my body, and before I fall I turn around and with a slashing motion, I call out 
  
    Diffendo 
  
  through gritted teeth. 


  I aim perfectly and a slash appears on her hand, bleeding and she drops her wand. The curse is lifted and I get the feeling that I can breathe again. Still I fall to my knees and Draco follows me, holding my shaking hands. 


  Behind me I can hear the shrieking voice of Pansy demanding that I get brought in front of the Dark Lord for a punishment, nobody gets away with hurting her. How dare a filthy Mudblood even use a wand. 


  I bet that Professor Snape is healing her, but he remains silent. The shaking on my hands starts to slow down, until it is only a few twitches. Draco keeps holding them and softly rubs over my knuckles. With him in front of me, I dare to close my eyes for a moment to try and ease the blinding pain in my head. 


  When I hear the rustling behind me I open my eyes and see that Draco is watching me with eyes full of concern. 
  
    Maybe he always wanted to help and ease my pain, but never got the chance. 
  
  Pansy storms by and is followed by most of the Slytherins. Only Draco, Theo and Blaise remain. 


  The Cruciatus was not the strongest I have endured, but it surprised me. Draco helps me stand and I take my hand out of his and start to walk towards the Manor, leaving them behind. When I am inside I walk back to the bedroom and the second the door clicks shut, the first tears run down my cheeks. 


  
    Why do I always cry?! I need to be better than this! This was what I needed to expect, they are not going to accept me. 
  

 

  I decide the best thing to do is have a shower, change my clothes to more proper ones and go back downstairs for dinner. In the shower I let my tears run as I wash myself, but the second I am out I stop crying. A quick Timus tells me it is just after five o’clock, the shower did help my aching muscles, but I am hungry again. I pull on a decent set of robes and grab a book out of my trunk and walk back down. 


  
    What can I do before dinner is served? Why does this Manor have a whole library and I can’t touch any books in there. That is punishment enough. 
  


  I have my hair pinned up on my head with my wand. The book I picked is about spells. I was reading it at school and liked how the complexity of the workings of a spell is explained. Reading a Muggle romance doesn’t seem like a wise choice at the moment. 


  I find a spot that is perfect for reading. Three sides of the room are made of glass and look out over the gardens, I can see rose bushes, the peacocks and even a pond. The big chair looks very inviting so I decide to pull my legs under me and curl myself in the chair. It might not be the most proper way to sit, but I love this, I like being a little ball. 


  I open the book and start reading, for the first time in weeks I truly lose myself again. I don’t think about anything other than the book, mindlessly I am moving my hand with the movements that are explained. The uses of these spells are so versatile, they could be used close up and be precise or they could be used from a distance. 


  My magic is humming in my body with all the thoughts and movements of spells. I check around me, to see if anyone is watching me and I find that I am alone. 


  On the table in front of me is a coaster and I point my finger at it. “Wingardium Leviosa,” I whisper as I swish and flick my hand. I focus on the intent to make the coaster float towards me. My magic is swirling in my hand and the moment I can feel a small wisp leaving I see the coaster float in my direction. I keep it in the air and with subtle movements I make it float higher and lower. 


  “Since when can you perform wandless magic,” interups Professor Snape out of nowhere. 


  “Oh shit,” I curse as my concentration is gone and the coaster falls to the floor. I pull my wand from my hair and do a quick 
  
    Reparo
  
  . “That was the first time,” I answer and close my book. 


  “Don’t leave, I didn’t mean to interrupt,” he stops me. 


  “It’s fine, I don’t even know if I am allowed here,” I retort weakly. 


  “That was a decent attempt at wandless magic for the first time,” he offers. 


  “Eh, thank you, Professor,” I say and can’t look at him. 


  I still don’t understand why he is here. Why is he attending Death Eater meetings? He probably is one, but still, what is his reason and it is making me wary. 


  “I actually came to talk to you,” he starts and sits down in the chair across from me but doesn’t look me in the eyes. “You are not going to get punished for what you did. The spell you used was very precise and didn’t cause major damage, just enough to make her stop.” 


  I nod in silence and keep observing him as I sit back down. 


  “She knew what she was doing, her father must have told her about your punishments,” he says in a low voice. 


  I ever so slightly narrow my eyes. “Torture,” I say simply. 


  He looks me in the eyes this time and I am met with the weird expression again as he nods. 


  “She is not allowed to use that spell on you anymore, nobody is.” 


  I feel relief flowing through me, but I conceal it. “Thank you, Professor. If that was all,” I say as I stand. 


  “It was not,” he snaps and I sit back down. “You should thank the Dark Lord for deciding that nobody is allowed to use that spell against you. In a few days you will be back at school, and the Dark Lord has ordered me to keep an eye on you. Nobody can know, do you understand?” he asks and his face has once again gone back to a bored expression. 


  “Yes, I do, Professor,” I say as the perfect student. 


  I frown as I wait to see if he wants to say more or if he dismisses me, but he keeps looking at me. 
  
    What is he thinking?
  
   


  “Can I leave now... Professor?” I ask impatiently. 


  “Yes, you are dismissed,” and waves with his hand is disdain. 


  I walk back to Draco’s room and sit in the chair next to the window. The view is almost the same as downstairs, but here I see less of the garden. I return to the book, enjoying the feeling of not having to think about my reality right now. 

 

  I get pulled from my thoughts with a few knocks on the door, as I look up I find Draco standing there. 


  “We are expected for dinner,” he says in a way of greeting. 


  He looks at me and a smile tugs at his lips. 


  “Say what you want to say, Draco,” I urge him as I recognise this smile. 


  “May I suggest that you don’t wear your wand in your hair. Maybe you can simply clip a few pieces back,” he offers softly with a smile. 


  I do as he says quickly and before we walk downstairs he tugs a few curls loose from the clip and lets it frame my face on both sides. 


  “Beautiful,” he whispers and leans forward. 


  I let my brain shut off again as his lips meet mine. It is a slow and short kiss, but it promises more. 


  Dinner is eaten in silence, everyone is looking at their plates and the sitting arrangement is the same as the morning. The only difference is, Professor Snape is sitting right across from me.

 

  Four days passed, much like the first one, after I surrendered. Each day we are training in duels and learning more advanced spells. I am still a great student and suck up every bit of information that is given to me, sometimes I even enjoy the learning. The only one who challenges me is Draco, his technique and speed are close to mine, sometimes even better. It is exciting to duel with him and watch his eyes sparkle when he wins, or see the determination when he loses. 


  Still no one really talks to me, only Professor Snape as he gives directions or tips. In the evenings after dinner, Draco comes to my room and we talk. We ignore all topics relating to the past few weeks, war, or our friends. It is just like in the beginning, we are getting to know each other with random questions. As the days move along we start sitting closer to each other and eventually transfigure a chair to a loveseat. Our touches are getting longer and more heated. What started out innocent is changed to challenging each other. His hand gliding up my leg, holding my thigh, slightly moving inwards until on the last day I decide I can no longer keep myself restrained. I straddle him and kiss him deeply as his hands move on my back and cupping my arse. He makes me move against his hard cock, and angling me just right so my clit is rubbed. 


  When the kisses start to get even more needy, we decide to move over to the bed. He throws me on and jumps between my legs. Pushing himself against my heated core and almost giving me an orgasm right there and then. We pull the clothes from our bodies, desperate to be closer. I missed the feeling of his skin against mine, his flawless pale skin. Our hands touch each inch of the other's body. A slight layer of mist coating us as we reach our orgasms at the same time, moaning names and promises to never stop doing that. 

 

  After a shower and a quickie against the wall we both fall asleep exhausted. I am wearing a set of my own pajamas and he pulls me against his chest. His arms are around me and I hold his hand. 


  In the morning I am awoken by the sunlight streaming through the windows. I turn around to face him and see that he is still sleeping. His hair is tousled and hangs over his face, his mouth is slightly open and the blanket is just barely covering his middle. I could do a lot of things to wake him, but I decide against most ideas as I choose to snuggle up more closely to him, with my head on his chest and listening to his heartbeat. He pulls me even tighter against him. 


  “How will I be able to not wake up with you? You are addicting,” he murmurs in my hair. 


  All too soon we have to get out of bed and prepare to leave. Over the last days I heard threat after threat with scary promises to kill and murder everybody I ever cared about if I did not keep this a secret. My wand is still being tracked and Professor Snape needs to keep an eye on me. Also every Slytherin can tattle on me if they see me do something wrong. 


  I have taken all the threats and pushed them in the back of my mind, I can’t focus on my tasks if I keep thinking about the consequences. Hopefully Pansy doesn’t start to tell all kinds of bullshit and get me killed for it. 


  Draco is the only one I can slightly trust. I have a whole story in my mind ready for when I arrive, so nobody is suspicious of me. 

 

  I Floo towards the Leaky Cauldron and walk towards school, using secret passageways to not be caught. Draco is coming with the train. When I am back in the dorm I quickly unpack my things and decide that I still have some time to read on the bed. To be sure nobody can see me, I close the curtains and lay down a quill. I levitate it and start to practice calling it to me with an easy 
  
    Accio. 
  
  It takes a few tries, but it works. My wandless magic is getting stronger everyday and I can’t wait to be able to use it completely. 


  I hear the popping sounds of the trunks arriving in the dorm and take it as my cue to leave the dorm. The castle is still quite empty, but I decide to go to the Great Hall and sit down at the Gryffindor table. I do feel a bit nervous, but I hide it behind a smile. Soon the hall is filling with students and when I see Harry and Ron it feels natural to stand up and hug them. 


  “Did you do something with your hair?” Ginny asks out of the blue over dinner. 


  I shake my head. My hair is in a messy knot being held together with my wand. It is a signature look for me. 


  “Something is definitely different about you, Hermione,” Neville adds. 


  “You lost weight. Why?” she asks with narrowing eyes. 


  “I was sick,” I lie easily. “Until a few days ago I couldn't even leave my bed. It was not nice,” I laugh a bit, but nobody seems to notice. 


  
    When will the food start tasting normal again? 
  
  Everytime I am still overwhelmed with the feeling of the first bite after two awful weeks. 


  I keep my eyes focused on the Gryffindor table and the food, as I listen to the stories of Harry and Ron of the Christmas holiday, they don’t tell them to me but to Neville. They are both ignoring me. They are all caught up in their story that they don’t notice that I am not fully listening to them. 

 

  We are walking through the halls as a group, I am walking behind them all and Harry and Ron are still talking. As we are walking up the stairs someone grabs me by the shoulder, I whip around and pull my wand from my hair and have the spells hanging on my lips. 


  Everyone is shocked into silence as they see me pull out a wand and pointing it at Fred and George Weasley. My eyes are burning with anger as I hiss. “Don’t touch me!” 


  Fred and George are shocked into silence as they gawk at my wand that keeps moving between them.


  “Ehh…’Mione... they are joking, why did you pull out your wand?” Harry asks, confused. 


  This snaps me out of my haze of anger. 
  
    Shit. Merlin. Godric. Fuck. 
  
  I lower my wand and turn on my heel and run up the stairs, leaving a heavy silence behind me. My breaths are coming hard and fast and I need to find a place to hide. After a few more turns I stumble in a bathroom. I’m feeling nauseous and my sight is going blurry while sweat is running down my body. I stumble to a toilet and reach it just in time before all the food that I ate comes out. After the first wave I gasp for breath and just have enough time to bow over the toilet again for the next. In the end I can only dry heave as there is nothing left to throw up. 


  I stumble to the sink and see a ghost version of myself staring back. My face is unnaturally pale, I have bruises under my eyes, and the brown eyes are bloodshot from crying. I can’t look at myself, in a few weeks they have broken me and I don’t recognize the girl I am anymore. My cheeks are hollow and my eyes have lost their burning flame. I loved that fire in my eyes, it gave me a hint of danger. Nothing is left from that girl, I am going to be a Death Eater. 
  
    Oh god, what have I done? 
  


  My breathing is getting hard and I keep looking myself in the eyes. Sudden anger flares up and I slam my hand in the mirror, shattering it. I can still see myself, but every shatter is reflecting a slightly different part of me. 


  The shaking in my hands is intensifying and I gasp for air. Darkness is closing in on me and I claw at my throat, it feels like I am slowly choking to death. I grip the sink harder, but as I stare down and see the droplets of blood slowly dripping in the bowl, I am lost. The room starts spinning and I feel myself fall but I don’t feel the impact of hitting the floor. 

 

  The next thing I know is when I open my eyes, I see Professor Snape carrying me towards the office of the Headmaster. Before we reach it, darkness closes in again. 


  “There must be something you can do, Albus. She needs help!” hisses the voice of the Potions Professor. “She is a child! You can’t expect her to carry such a burden on herself for the time to come!” 


  “Severus, you know she is strong. You said so yourself, everyday you told me what she endured and she survived, how many Cruciatus curses again?” the Headmaster asks in his soft but demanding voice. 


  “Twenty-seven,” responds a whispering voice. 


  “She is valuable, she needs help, let us offer it to her and see how she takes it,” the Headmaster starts. “Miss Granger, if you feel up to it, you can join the conversation instead of only listening.” 


  I open my eyes and look around, they have laid me on a couch in the middle of the room. They are both watching me as I swing my legs to the side and observe them in silence. As I stand and walk towards them, hiding the weakness in my body, they don’t stop staring at me. 


  “What is going on?” I ask straight forward and leave out the titles to address them properly. 


  “You had a panic attack, I brought you here,” Professor Snape admits. 


  He must not know I woke up while he was carrying me. “Why?” I ask simply. 


  “You need help, Miss Granger,” the Headmaster starts. “I know of your situation and I know that you know about the existence of the Order Of The Phoenix.” 


  I nod and my eyes flicker towards Fawkes, who is also watching me. 


  “You would be a valuable asset to the Order, and we can help you,” he explains further. 


  “Why would I join? You know that I am working towards getting the Dark Mark, it’s that or be killed. Why would I want to betray the Dark Lord?” I say with a flat voice deformed of all emotion. 


  “Because you already did,” Professor Snape states. 


  “When?” I snap. 


  “When you told and even showed the Dark Lord that Fenrir Greyback gave you that potion that helped you heal for the first time. While it was Narcissa Malfoy who helped you.” 


  For a moment I don’t know how to respond. “That is not true. I have not practiced Occlumency, and I am not able to deceive the Dark Lord,” I say eventually. 


  Professor Snape is removing one of his cufflinks and pulls up his sleeve, his Dark Mark is a stark contrast between his pale skin and the black inkt. I suck in a breath to see my feeling confirmed. 


  “I joined before the First Wizarding war, and two weeks after I joined, I found Albus and begged for help. That was the day I started spying for the Order. The Dark Lord believes that I spy for him, but I am a double spy.”


  The revelation is one I did not expect, but I don’t trust him. “How touching. Why should I want to join the Order, they have you. Why should I make my life even more dangerous, more troubled than it already is?” I sneer. 


  “Do you truly wish to fully join the ranks, take the Dark Mark and just kill people? Or do you want to save some people along the way, give them a chance to win. Your name could be cleared after the war, showing that you were a spy all along. You could do good things,” Professor Snape looks me straight in the eyes and isn’t hiding his confusing emotions. 


  “I am dying anyway,” I start as I see that this is my only chance to do the right thing. “I want to join, I only choose to surrender to give Harry, Ron, other friends and my parents a chance of surviving this. I don’t think I will survive, but that is okay, as long as I can save some of them.” 


  Before Professor Snape can say anything the Headmaster interrupts. “Welcome to the Order of the Phoenix, Hermione Jean Granger. Just a few things are left and we will keep you up to date for your first meeting with the Order.” 
   


  I nod and watch as the Headmaster instructs multiple portraits to walk to their other sides and warn the members of the Order of the added member. He also writes a note and Fawkes swoops down and takes it with him. 


  “Just sign here, it is magically binding. You can’t talk about the Order with anyone who isn’t in it. Mr. Potter and Mr. Weasley are not in the Order, so I would not try if I were you,” the Headmaster warns. 


  “We are not really talking anyway,” I mutter and look over the contract, beside the binding magic there is something else, but I can’t see what kind of magic it is. After a deep breath I add my signature to the line, and feel the magic swirl around the Headmaster and me. 


  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  I don’t even remember how I got back to the dorms last night. The only thing I know for sure is that I put myself in a very difficult spot, I have to lie to everyone around me. I can’t trust anybody anymore. Why did I have to make my life even more difficult than it already was? Just surviving a war was not enough, no, I choose to work for both sides.

  It’s early, Lavender and Parvati are still sleeping, but I can’t stay a second longer. I slip out of bed and quickly get changed, and leave the dorm. The common room is silent but a fire is still burning, I enjoy the crackling sounds of it for a moment. 

  
    What should I do? I can send my parents a letter but what if they follow the owl and find out where my parents live? I can’t take that risk. 
  
  Luckily I took the spell book with me and decide to sit in my favourite chair. My wand is in my hair, holding it all together, but I don’t need it right away. 

  I hold out my hand and point it to a crumpled up piece of parchment. 
  
    Accio parchment.
  
   I think and focus on the tingling feeling in my finger tips. I’m getting better with the wandless magic, but I am now trying to do it wordlessly. 

  The parchment doesn’t even move, but as soon as I focus again and whisper the spell out loud, it floats to my hand. I practice for about an hour, before I can hear people walking around in the dorms above. Quickly I slip out of the common room and walk towards the Great Hall. I love a good breakfast with a book, in silence. 
 
  As I walk in, the room is empty and I sigh in relief. I take my normal seat at the Gryffindor table, almost in the middle. Normally my friends would sit all around me and talk about small things while we all eat breakfast, but today I am too hungry to wait. This way nobody sees that I eat a lot more than I normally would. 

  I open the book and sip from a cup of coffee as I read. A sound pulls me out of my concentration and I find Fawkes sitting next to me. I jump up from the surprise and quickly look around the room to see if anyone has entered, but I am still alone. Fawkes has a letter clamped in his beak. Carefully I stretch out my hand and take the letter, he lets go and waits. The Phoenix has never been so close to me and I can’t hold myself in. I scratch him on top of his head and can feel that he is pressing himself harder to me. We look at each other and he kind of nods towards the letter, I stop scratching him and open it. 

  
    Meet me at 19.00 sharp. Password: Sherbert Lemon
  

  
                                   ~ AD
  
   
 
  As I look up at Fawkes he stretches his wings and flies away. The letter in my hand burns and I let it fall towards the ground. It doesn’t even leave ashes in its wake.

  I frown and return to my book, noticing that I am still alone, I decide to test my wandless magic. With subtle movements of my hand I float bread to my plate, add jam and levitate to my mouth. I let it float next to my head and bite from it when I want, while I keep reading my book. After the first one, I repeat it with a second and a third, switching around the flavours of jam. 

  It takes a long time before anyone enters the Great Hall, I am surprised to see Professor Snape taking his seat at the front table. He watches me and I let the items around me float back to the table. I was trying to find out how many items I can levitate and use around me, he just entered so silently that I noticed too late. 

  I focus back on just reading the book and keeping my hands still. The hall is filling with more students and the peace and quiet is gone. It’s difficult to focus on the book, but I keep trying until Harry and Ron join the table. 

  “Bloody hell, Hermione,” begins Ron. “Where have you been?” 

  “We haven’t seen you since last night,” adds Harry. 

  I mark my page and close the book. “Sorry, about last night. I don’t know what came over me, I just needed some space,” I offer them and try to give them a small smile. 

  “Why did you freak out like that, ‘Mione?” Ron asks. “It was just Fred and George.” 

  “I don’t know exactly,” I begin but he interrupts me. 

  “You need to apologize to them, you had your wand pointed at them and your eyes went all cold. It looked like you lost your mind,” Ron rants. 

  “I have not lost my mind,” I say through gritted teeth. “They scared me and I just reacted to that. I’ll say sorry when I see them,” I add as I start to gather my things. 

  “Why are you leaving?” Harry asks, confused. 

  “I want to go to the library,” I say and start to walk away. 

  “Dunno what messed her up, but I tell you she’s acting like a nutter,” I hear Ron say behind my back. 

  I whirl around and look him straight in the eyes. “I am not a nutter! How dare you, Ronald Weasley. Some people just have a lot on their plate and want some peace and quiet when they read!” I snap. 

  “Sounds like someone is on their period,” Ron laughs in my face. 

  People start to laugh with him, but I can feel the magic in my finger tips begging to come out. 

  I slam my hand down on the table and can feel my control slipping out of my fingers. My magic reacts and every glass on the table breaks. 

  “Don’t. You. Fucking. Dare!” I snap. 

  At his he looks genuinely shocked. 

  “I am not in the mood for your lazy arse bothering me today and giving comments about things you know nothing about. All you do is talk about yourself or Quidditch, you never ask about me. And if I literally tell you that I need some space and quiet, you throw a comment at me that I must be on my period. How dare you,” I hiss the last. “You have no right to speak to me or any girl in that tone. You would not even be able to handle being a girl.” 

  I turn around and walk towards the doors and he has the gut to call after me. “I told you, you are on your period!” 

  My hands are twitching and my anger is out of control. “Fuck you, Ronald!” I snarl and let go of my magic. 

  The ceiling is thundering and rain starts pouring out, soaking every student and professor in the hall, except me. I see students getting under the table or running out of the hall. Across the hall two very dark eyes are watching every move I make, his finger on his chin, hiding a small smile, while he is getting soaked. 

  I turn around and walk away. 
  
    Have fun telling the Dark Lord that my anger is getting the best of me and that I am getting in fights with Gryffindor students, let alone someone who I consider to be my friend. Bet he would be pleased with that progress. 
  
 
  I decide to walk to the library and get some more advanced books for magic, I need to find an outlet for it so I won’t lose this kind of control anymore.
  
     Even if Ronald deserved every drop of it.
  
   

  I walk through the rows of books and let the smell calm me down. 
  
    What have I done? Ron is not going to let this go, he is going to be childish about it and dramatic. Maybe it’s a good thing that we have potions class first and I can just ignore him. Professor Snape did clearly enjoy the moment in the Great Hall, weirdly enough. Probably the same as the Slytherins, hopefully they don’t comment on it in class. Otherwise we will have a small war between Gryffindor and Slytherin and I will be in the middle of it. 
  

  With a glance at my watch I notice that I should hurry to even get on time. All the way to the dungeons I keep hoping for a quick and silent class. 

  When I run up to the classroom I notice that everyone is sitting down and I sit down in the back. I grab some parchment and my book, and wait for Professor Snape to enter and start his lecture. People are whispering and looking back at me, so it is not difficult to guess what they are talking about. But I grit my teeth and ignore it, my magic is still swirling inside of me, begging to be let loose. 
 
  
    I just took control of the ceiling. How can I still have so much build up magic left? 
  
  Finally, Professor Snape enters the room, his eyes going over the class and lingering on me. This is the first time I sit in the back of any class. 

  “Miss Granger, there is a seat left here,” he states. 

  I glare down at my parchment as I gather my items and walk to the front with a neutral expression. 

  “Thanks, Professor,” I say mockingly, emphasizing the last word. 

  I look down at the table and notice that he has placed me next to Draco. 
  
    This is going to be a dramatic class.
  
   He watches me as I sit down, but remains silent. 

  “Today we will prepare an advanced potion. Who can tell me what this is?” Professor Snape begins. 

  I look up to identify the potion, it has a blue tint to it and the moment he removes the cork a silver vapour escapes. 
  
    Draught of Peace. 
  

  Nobody raises their hand, and I am not in the mood to answer. Professor Snape is looking at me expectantly, but I say nothing. 

  “I am not surprised that no one has had the initiative to study the chapter we are on. Draught of Peace,” he starts his lecture and talks about everything that could go wrong in the potion. 

  
    Maybe it is just what I need, a potion to keep the edge off. 
  
  I heard about a lot of misuse of potions over the years, some people would get addicted to it. This draught is easy in comparison to the Draught of the Living Death. 

  On every table appears a cauldron and the ingredients that are needed for the potion. It takes 90 minutes to brew and we have until the end of the class. 

  I open my book and read through the recipe. 

  “‘Mione! You can join us, if you want,” Harry whispers from across the room, so loudly that it is not even considered whispering anymore. 

  I look up and give him a small smile. “I’m fine, Harry. Just focus on the potion.” 

  Ron pulls on Harry’s sleeve and is saying something, but it is too soft for me to hear and I don’t even want to hear it. I take a deep breath and turn to Draco. 

  “Hi,” I whisper and feel a more genuine smile tug at my lips. 

  “Hey,” he says back. 
 
  We start working on the potion as if we do this every day. He is cutting the ingredients and handing them to me and I stir everything in the cauldron in the correct order. It is easy to work with him, he knows what to do and I don’t need to explain everything to him. For 90 minutes I get to forget everything that is happening and can just focus on the potion. 

  “‘Mione! Can you help?” asks Harry and I look in his direction. 

  A greenish smoke is coming from the cauldron and it is clear that the Draught of Peace has failed. “No, you won’t be able to fix that. You have done something wrong, sorry,” I say back to him. 

  As if on cue a silver vapour is coming from our cauldron and I start to bottle it. Again I can hear that Ron is whispering in an angry tone to Harry. I look up to see Draco watching me carefully and as I scan the room, I notice that even Professor Snape is watching me. 

  “Just so you know,” I start to whisper to Draco. “I’m not on my period.” 

  He looks surprised by the smile on my lips, but his eyes start to melt to a liquid silver filled with lust. “Maybe I can help you redirect some of your anger?” he suggests. 

  “Yeah, do you think we can leave right now?” and look up innocently as I bite my lip. 

  I have my back towards Harry and Ron so they don’t see my face and we whisper so very softly that nobody can hear us. 

  “Meet me in the library after class, I have a free hour,” he offers. 

  “Fine, but I want at least two orgasms,’ I smirk. 

  “I’ll double it for you. Because of you I am in a good mood today. This morning was amazing to watch.” 

  I shake my head and turn back to the front of the class. “It felt kind of good, is that bad?” I ask softly, not meeting his eyes. Hoping he would understand what that meant for me. 

  “For you: no. For being a Gryffindor: yes.” 

  
    He understands.
  
   My current life would be easier if I liked the power and anger inside of me, but it is not very Gryffindor of me to let it go loose on my friends. 

  I look to the side and see that Ron is adding the drops of hellebore to the potion. You only need to add seven and their potion is already more like a poison. I let my hand hang down, while I sit and focus on the bottle in his hand. With a small flick of my hand the bottle of hellebore falls in the potion and immediately an explosion occurs in Ron’s face.

  He has a shocked expression, and I notice the lack of hair above his eyes. It is just like Seamus in first year, his eyebrows are gone. 
  
    Karma is a bitch.
  
   I bite my cheek to keep from laughing, but the Slytherins start and I can’t keep it in anymore and even the Gryffindors join. 

  “Mr. Weasley, if you can’t keep hold of a bottle or have lost the ability to count to seven you don’t need to be in this class,” Professor Snape responds mockingly. 

  Ron is getting red in the face from frustration. “I did not let it fall out of my hands,” he snaps. 

  Draco whispers loudly to Theo. “Maybe Weasley is on his period.” 

  Every Slytherin starts laughing harder and Ron’s eyes snap to mine and I try to hide my giggle, but not very well. 

  “You did something,” he seethes as he stands up and walks towards me. 

  “Surely you don’t insinuate that Miss Granger did something to you from that distance, while she has her wand in her hair,” Professor Snape steps between us and looks at me down his large nose. 

  
    Oh, he absolutely knows that it was me. 
  

  “Might I suggest you see Madam Pomfrey,” he suggests to Ron. 

  Harry is gathering their bags and drags Ron out of class. Their table is cleared and Professor Snape is making his rounds through the class to see how everyone's potion has turned out. Draco is looking quite pleased with himself. 

  “Why do you like taunting Ron?” I ask curiously. 

  “He makes it so easy and is always dramatic with his response. That makes it more funny,” he responds matter of factly. 

  I nod as I can see what he means. Professor Snape is in front of us and I notice that the other students have left the classroom after being seen. 

  “You already bottled it?” he starts off. 

  “Yes, it is perfect,” Draco replies with cockiness. 

  The professor uncorks one and sniffs, the silver vapour is visible and I know Draco is right, it is perfectly brewed. 

  “You work well together,” Professor Snape compliments. “But leave Mr. Weasley out of it, he doesn’t need anything else to set off his fragile pride.” 

  He keeps his eyes on me and watches me for a reaction. 

  “I have absolutely no idea what you mean, Professor,” I say as innocently as possible and start to gather my things. 

  Draco is following my lead. 

  “Miss Granger, will you wait a second?” Professor Snape asks as we are about to walk out of the class. 

  I roll my eyes with my back towards the professor. “Just go, I’ll find you in the library,” I say to Draco. 

  I turn around and walk back toward the front of the class. Professor Snape is leaning against his desk. 

  “Still practicing your wandless magic I see?” he starts off. 

  “I don’t regret it, he deserved it,” I respond with a straight face. 
  
    He is going to tell the Dark Lord. They will keep an even closer watch on me. 
  
  I feel my throat closing up with the idea and my breathing gets more difficult, but I try to hide it. 

  “Take deep breaths,” he instructs and he steps forward and I immediately step back. 

  “I’m fine,” I sneer, not caring that I am talking to a professor, that line is already blurred from the moment he saw me get tortured for the first time. 

  “You are not, you need to learn to control your emotions,” he snaps back. 

  “I had a rough couple of weeks and being back here is not easy, and since last night it has become even more difficult,” I sneer as I look him in the eyes. 

  All the anger and frustration I am feeling is coming to the surface while I look at him. 
  
    How could he let me be tortured and after weeks claim he is a double spy? He could have helped me, helped me escape. Not watch me while I endured twenty-seven torture curses. 
  

  His eyes soften just a bit. “Take these,” he says and hand the five bottles of his own made potion. “Walk with me.” 

  I let the bottles glide in my bag without a word and follow him. 

  “If you need more, you can come in here and take everything you need for the potion, it is important to rest well. You need to learn to control yourself. Today might be the only day you lose your control, but we need to be sure of it.” 

  “He had it coming,” I respond and look over the hundreds of bottles in front of me. “Why are you helping me?” 

  “I have my own reasons and you are just a child. No one should be in your position and you need help.” 

  “Hmm,” I let out annoyed. “I am top of every class, like you very well know, Professor. Just one bad day doesn’t make me a bad person.”

  “Never said it did, just have this urge to protect you,” I look at him with confusion and frown. “Just like I have with the other Slytherins,” he adds very quickly. 

  “I’m not one of your Slytherins and I don’t know why you brought me to the Headmaster last night, but I can take care of myself, Professor,” I turn around and start to walk away but he makes me stop in my tracks. 

  “You need someone to look after you, to keep you safe,” his voice is very soft and I have never heard him say anything in that tone. 

  “Draco will keep me safe and will look after me. Do excuse me, Professor, I am late to getting my anger shagged out of me. Tomorrow I should be better behaved.” 
 
  I quickly make my way to the library, put my bag down at a random table and start searching for Draco. 
  
    Where are you? I need you! 
  

  I round a corner and find him leaning against the bookcase while flipping through a book. 

  “Finally,” I sigh with relief and walk up to him. 

  He looks up, smirks and puts down the book. “What did Snape want?” he asks. 

  “Nothing to be bothered by, just that I need to get my anger in check,” I say and roll my eyes. 

  “Still only need two orgasms?” he whispers in my ear and bites down on my earlobe. 

  I push my hips forward and rub myself against him. “Thought you said four,” I groan in his neck. 

  “Let’s make it five?” he laughs and finally kisses me. 

  My hands snake around his neck, find his hair and pull him closer to me. He turns us around, now I am pressed up against the books. 

  “Hold on to the shelf,” he demands and I follow his order. 

  His hands glide over the naked skin just above my knees and higher. He pulls one leg around his hip and helps me get the other around him as well. I am already panting and wet for him and can’t help a soft moan from escaping when I feel him whisper a sticking charm on my wrists and put away his wand. 

  “Are you going to be a good girl for me?” he whispers in my ear. “Are you going to come for me, right here?

  I moan, my knickers are ruined.  

  “Say it, love. Say you will come for me in the library,” he says and nips my earlobe. 

  “Yes! Draco, I’ll come for you, please,” I sigh and try to rub myself to him. 

  His hands glide over my thighs and inch closer to my core. I buck against him and he keeps moving closer until one of his thumbs gives the lightest caress over my panties. 

  He hums. “So wet already, so ready for me to fill you.” 

  I moan his name in his neck and let my teeth graze his skin and I get rewarded with a hiss. His fingers slip my knickers aside and let his fingers glide through my folds.

  “Make me come, Draco, please, I need it… I need you...Inside me...please...please...please,” I beg him over and over again. 

  He pushes two fingers inside of me and his thumb is stroking my clit, he slightly curves his finger hitting the best spot in my body. My body is tensing and I feel my eyes roll backwards. 

  “Look at me while you come, Love,” he demands. 

  He pushes deeper and circles my clit more, in a response I let my head fall on his neck and to keep my moans from escaping. 

  “Come for me, Love,” he moans in my ear. 

  I let my head fall back and look at him from underneath my heavy eyes. His eyes are drawing me in, the liquid silver only a ring around the black, but filled with desire. 

  The coil inside of me is getting tighter and I can vaguely hear Draco muttering words of encouragement to me. I open my mouth to say something or moan, but nothing comes out but the pleasure is released. With a silent scream my body releases the tension and I get lost in his eyes, he holds while I’m overcome with the orgasm coursing through my body. He releases my arms and they fall around his neck. 

  “You did so good, such a good girl for me,” he whispers. “Do you want to stay here or go to the Astronomy Tower?” 

  “Tower,” I breathe heavy. 
   

  He let his fingers slip out and hold them up to see. The faint light of the library reflects on the wetness. While I stare at him, he slips the fingers in his mouth and sucks them clean. I get hot and needy all over again. 

  “Draco!” I whine. “Don’t do that, or else I might need to return the favour,” I giggle softly in his ear and tug his fingers out of his mouth. “Let’s get to the Astronomy Tower so you can shag me and give me more earth shattering orgasms.” 

  I straighten my clothes and pull my hair together in a bun and stick my wand in it. Quickly I pull my ruined knickers off and shove them in his pocket. With a quick peck on his cheek I walk away. He is staring after me with his mouth wide open. 

  
    Did I really just do that? He makes me so reckless and to be honest, I love it. It is so exciting, sneaking around Hogwarts, being teenagers. Because of him I don’t always think about war or strategies or even my grades. He makes me feel like a normal girl, who doesn’t have the weight of the whole world on her shoulders. 
  

  I make my way to the Astronomy Tower quickly, using a lot of secret passages and with every step I take, I am remembering what I just did. 

  The weather is chilly, but my skin feels like it is on fire. I keep walking around on the top level of the tower. 
 
  “You little minx, what happened to you?” I hear the laugh of Draco coming up the stairs. 

  “Hmm, you know. I am just living a bit more dangerously and enjoying a little bit more,” I laugh back. “If you want something, you can come and get it.” 

  He growls and is on me with a few strides, his hand grabs my hair at the nape, he angles my head and kisses me hard. He let his tongue glide over my lower lip and I open my mouth willingly for him. As I moan into his mouth he pushes me to the wall, I can’t think when he kisses me and it is the best feeling in the world. 

  “I need you, Draco,” I beg as I hook my leg around his hip again. “Please.” 

  He only growls, lowers his zip and pushes down his trousers and boxer briefs to free himself and he rubs himself between my folds. 

  “Ready for me, love?” he asks. 

  “Yes, Draco, yes!” I moan as he pushes himself fully inside of me. 

  I let my head fall to his shoulder and breathe in his scent, it consumes me, the smell of apples, mahogany and parchment. He wastes no time pushing inside of me at a rapid pace, but he never forgets me as his hand reaches down and starts rubbing my clit. 

  “Faster,” I breathe as I feel myself starting to tremble and clench around him. 

  He obliges and the coil inside of me is tightening again at a rapid speed, my breaths are getting quicker and shorter. 

  “Fuck! Draco!” I yell as another orgasm courses through my body.

  He keeps holding me as I am catching my breath, my feet touch the floor again , but I keep my head in his neck. I can’t keep my eyes open. 

  “That’s two,” he chuckles. “Lay down.” 

  I let myself glide down and look up at him, his cock is hard and slightly tilting up towards his stomach and his trousers and boxer briefs hang just above his knees. Why does he look so good? It is unfair. 

  “I want to taste you,” he says and his eyes are focussed on my lower half. 

  “But…” I begin and get interrupted as Draco lowers himself to my body and kisses me. My mind goes blank. 

  The kisses travel down my neck and with his hands open my legs further. I let my hands glide in his hair and tug at it. He moves lower on my body and kisses my core, his moan vibrates through me. My head falls back on the ground. 

  Within seconds the orgasm is building again with rapid speed. He ravishes on me, and pushes two fingers inside of me and I clench around him.

  HIs name is a prayer on my name and I keep repeating it, a scream leaves my lips and the orgasm makes its way through my body again. It leaves my body boneless and I am in heaven. 

  “Can I get back inside you?” Draco asks softly next to my ear. 

  “Oh yes, baby, please,” I respond eagerly.

  He doesn’t waste a second and fills me again. “This time we come together, Hermione,” he says and nips my earlobe again, followed by a kiss just underneath my ear. 

  “I can’t anymore,” I plead. 

  “But you are such a good girl, I think you can squeeze one more out of you. You need to let go of all that anger, Love. Can’t say it didn’t turn me on seeing you like that today, I bet you would have made a great Slytherin.” 

  I chuckle at his remark. “I threatened the Sorting Hat if he put me into Slytherin I would find and burn him.” 

  He hums and looks at me surprised. “My sneaky little snake then. You are not the Gryffindor Princess, but you are the Slytherin Queen. Manipulated yourself into Gryffindor. Here I thought you would not surprise me anymore.” 

  His words feel kind of true, but I don’t feel the normal anger when somebody calls me a Slytherin. 
  
    He called me a queen, does that show that he values me more than the Gryffindors or is it just a nice sentiment? The Gryffindors should be my family, but they have heard and seen the way Ron treats me and they do nothing. Why don’t they stand up for me, protect me?
  

  “Thank you, Draco. I know the last weeks must have been hard for you and yet here we both are,” I whisper and can’t look him in the eye. 

  
    Why do I say such things when we are so intimate at the moment?
  

  He looks at me. “I have been through nothing if we compare it with you. You are so strong and powerful. The way you took those curses, as if it did not hurt you, but then you would fall to your knees and scream, tears running down your face. All I wanted to do was to jump in front of you, get you out of there, but I couldn’t do that. He would have killed my parents. I admire you, I wish I was strong and brave like you. Even though the changes inside of you were subtle in the beginning, now they show and I think that you notice it more,” he let his voice die down. 

  “I felt the change,” I begin. “I remember having a dream where I blew out the flame inside of me. From that moment I noticed the changes, I don’t call myself weak for what I did. I know it must look like that, begging to him, to be added to the Death Eaters, but I did it for a reason. The thing is, that it did change me, and you are right, now it shows more. I don’t think I fit in anymore, even worse than before. Of course I am angry about what happened, I don’t think that the side effects will stop. I did not expect the anger to cloud my judgement, I really let myself go today, the magic in me took control and I hate it. In potions I did it on purpose, but in the morning, it just happened and that is what I don’t like.” 

  Draco smirks at me. “I hope the orgasms helped, if they did, I am happy to help you with that,” but his face turns back serious. “Keep your friends close, you need them. Tell them it was your period or something, that the weeks apart and alone sucked. I can’t help you when somebody could see us, we can’t risk that.” 

  I nod. “Is it wrong of me to want things to be simpler?” I begin but before he can interrupt I go on. “I mean, not the war, but us. All I want is to talk about it to Ginny or something, she talks to me about boys all the time. Everybody thinks of me as the booknerd, but they are missing a whole side of me. I want to smile at you when I see you, talk to you, even kiss you, without sneaking around all the time,” I smile sadly. 

  “To be honest with you, I want that too. Theo is my best mate, and I keep lying to him. He suspects something is happening, knows about the shagging, but not how deep it runs. How much more this is than just shagging,” he sighs. 

  I stretch and know I will be sore for a few days. “I think we need to go,” I pout. 

  “Meet me here tonight?” he asks with hopeful eyes. 

  “Sorry, I think I need to make it up with Harry and Ron, at least pretend,” I lie quickly. 

  He nods and pulls up his briefs and trousers after a quick cleansing spell on us both. I start straightening my clothes back and look around for my knickers. He tosses them at me laughing.

  “You are getting naughtier with the day,” he tells me before he kisses me softly. 
 
  He is the first to leave and I watch him walk back to the castle from the open edge. The wind is blowing through my hair and I feel peaceful. I keep standing there for a while, letting my thoughts run and not focusing on one in particular. The memories of torture flow before my eyes and I watch as I remember every sick detail. Each time I feel my heartbeat increase I take a deep breath and try to feel at peace with it. 
  
    It is in the past, it happened, I survived, it made me stronger and I can get through it. 
  

  The sun is setting and with that realisation I notice the coldness of my body. I wrap my hair in a knot, stick my wand through it and walk towards the castle. For the first time in maybe ever I haven’t started my homework before dinner and probably won’t start today. 

  Inside the castle I walk to the Great Hall and find that all my friends are all sitting at our normal places. Shame starts to bloom inside of me as I notice some people from every table looking at me to see if I am going to change the ceiling again. I walk towards my friends and look down at my feet. 

  “Can I sit with you guys?” I ask softly and only glance up quickly at Harry. 

  He doesn’t seem angry, and that gives me hope, but when I look at Ron the slight feeling of hope is gone. His face is getting more red every second that passes. 

  “Of course you can sit,” Harry says quickly and I do. 

  “I’m sorry about this morning, I don’t know what happened with my magic and I am sorry about the anger. I should not redirect it to you guys,” I apologize softly. 

  “Are you okay?” Ginny asks and grabs my hand. 

  For the first time I want to really burst out in tears and tell them everything that happened, but I know I can’t. 

  “I was just very lonely and things with my parents are getting worse and all I heard from you guys was how amazing your holidays were. That kind of hurt and I know it is stupid, it won’t happen again.” 

  Ginny and Harry quickly share a look and both nod. “Everybody can have a bad day. You wanna do homework together?” Harry asks in his normal tone. 

  “Maybe another time, I need some time to accept everything that is happening...with my parents.” I add quickly.

  He nods understandingly. I dare to take a look at Ron, but he is not looking at me and clearly ignoring everything I just said. 

  Dinner is served and I pick at my food, for the first time in weeks I am not that hungry. The table is talking a lot and I try to follow some conversations, but they are all about their holidays and how amazing it was. 

  After dinner I say my goodbyes for the evening and find a spot to read a bit, before I go to the Headmaster. It is a very hidden spot and nobody will be able to spot me, but I can’t read, I just stare at the spellbook. 
 
  
    Who will be in the Order? Arthur and Molly of course, they always have been a bit sneaky about things like that, and they are good people. Maybe Professor Lupin, he was a good teacher and I think he will fight for the good in the world. What would my Boggart be now? Last year I was terrified of failing all my exams. Maybe it would be the Dark Lord, he did torture me Would it be the torture moment itself?
  

  I look down at my watch and see that it is time to walk to the Headmasters office. I make sure to use secret passages so nobody will be able to spot me. 

  Before the gargoyle I look to each side and say the password, I keep looking both ways until I can slip up the staircase. 

  “Ah, Miss Granger, perfectly on time as always,” he greets me. 

  I quickly scan the room and note that Professor Snape is not here yet. 

  “How are you?” asks Dumbledore. 

  I look at him and he is still sitting at his desk with parchment in front of him. 

  “I’m fine, thank you Headmaster,” I say with a flat voice. 

  He watches me and I shift my weight and keep myself occupied with the room. Fawkes is watching me again, but I don’t engage. I try to remember each portrait by name. 

  “Are you ready to go? No more anger outbursts like this morning? It was difficult to get the ceiling back to normal, he must have said something bad,” Dumbledore asks.

  “Sorry about the ceiling, Headmaster, my magic got the better of me. Like I said I am fine now,” I react, slightly embarrassed. 

  “Good to hear, this is a very important meeting.” 

  “Of course, Headmaster. I am curious as to who is in the Order,” I tell him honestly and I see a small rising of his eyebrows. 

  “You have known of the Order and the Phoenix for longer than yesterday?” he asks and tilts his head slightly. 

  “Yes, read about it from the First Wizarding War and I expected that it would be back again this time around. Always suspected Molly and Arthur Weasley, maybe even Professor Lupin,” I state simply. 

  He really is surprised. “You really are very smart,” he muses. 

  “Thank you, Headmaster,” I say as a blush spreads to my cheeks again. 

  
    Maybe he thought it was a bigger secret and I, as a fourth year student, just told him that it is not the best kept secret if you know where to look.
  
   

  The gargoyle moves again and seconds later, Professor Snape emerges from the staircase, his robes billowing behind him. 

  “Severus, how good of you to join us,” the Headmaster says and stands up. 

  Professor Snape walks up to me and stares me down. “Take this.” 

  I can only pull up my eyebrow in a silent question. 

  “It only relaxes you, so you don’t have an anger issue again,” he explains in his teacher's voice and shoves the potion bottle against my hand. 

  “I’m fine,” I say clipped. 

  “Drink it,” he snaps at me. 

  “No. I said, I am fine,” I sneer back.

  “Just drink the potion!” he snarls irritated. 

  “I just had four outstanding orgasms. I’m fine. I dealt with the anger. Like I told you. Now let’s go and you can shove that potion down your own throat,” I snap, even surprising myself with this retort. 

  Both men are staring at me, the Headmaster is the first to break the silence with a cough as he walks toward the end of the room to the fireplace. 

  “Let’s go to the location, I am the only one who can tell you, seeing as I am the secret keeper,” the Headmaster explains. 

  I nod and walk over quickly. 

  “Just grab the Floo powder and go to Grimmauld Place 12, some people might already be waiting. Just wait for me, I will lead the meeting and introductions.” 

  “Thank you, Headmaster.” I say and grab the power and let the Floo suck me away. 

  
  
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  “Sirius?” I ask hopefully. 


  He turns around with a look of confusion but is quickly replaced with a wide smile. “Hermione!” he shouts and opens his arms as he walks towards me. 


  I throw myself at him. “It is so good to see you!” I beam up at him with my arms around his waist. 


  “What are you doing here?” he asks, confused to see me here. 


  The Floo comes alive and Professor Snape steps out and frowns immediately when he sees us, but before he can say something the Headmaster steps out. 


  “Good to see you, Sirius,” he says and Sirius nods while he keeps holding me. 


  “You figured it out, didn’t you? Are Harry and Ron coming?” Sirius asks me with a twinkle in his eyes. 


  I let go of him as if I got burned. “Not exactly,” I mumble and step to the side of the Headmaster, avoiding everyone's gaze. 


  “We are a bit late, let’s get started and everything will be explained,” the Headmaster says and walks towards the kitchen. 

 

  I hear the surprised gasps as people see me, with a quick glance around the room I recognise a few people. Arthur and Molly Weasley of course and Professor Lupin, also a few people from the ministry. 


  “Everyone take a seat and I will explain,” the Headmaster orders and I take a seat and Sirius and Professor Lupin sit on either side of me. 


  Everyone is quiet and waits for the Headmaster to start. 


  “As you all see, Hermione has joined us,” he begins. 


  All eyes turn to me and I wave very awkwardly, feeling like a child between all these grown ups. 


  “She got herself in a bit of a difficult spot and we think this is the best place for her to be,” he explains cryptically. 


  The eyes never leave me and a wave of irritation floods me. 


  “It is not like I did it on purpose. I mean, we weren’t meant to get caught,” I note irritably. 


  “Maybe it is better if you explained,” the Headmaster offers. 


  “I don’t know where to begin, guess, the beginning of this year,” I begin. “It started with just talking and...ehm...yeah...eh…that evolved to more… and with the Christmas holiday he got a letter that his parents would be in France… So it looked like a great idea to go to the manor and have a few days to ourselves…without having...to sneak...around...in the evenings...you know…” I stutter and look up from my hands and notice all the blank stares at me. 


  Everybody is looking confused, I really should use some of that Gryffindor bravery and tell how it is. No need to keep them confused, this is not a group of children. After a deep breath I begin. 
  
    Keep it short and simple. 
  


  “Oh fuck it, I’m shagging Draco Malfoy. His parents left for France, we went to Malfoy Manor for a few days without sneaking around and just being together. They returned early and they noticed that someone was with him. I actually don’t know why they went to his room, but they grabbed me and tortured me for two weeks. Somebody helped me in the end and told me to surrender to the Dark Lord and eventually I did. So he added me to his ranks and is training me,” I rush the words out of my mouth. 


  The blank faces morph into disbelief. 


  “My cousin?” Sirius asks with his mouth wide open. 


  “Yes, terribly handsome, tall, skinny, pale, blond, liquid silver eyes and Seeker on Slytherin. That one,” I reply and feel myself blush. 


  “What about Ron?” Molly asks. 


  “Eh...What about him? He and Harry don’t know, we kept it a secret, but he is angry at me, but that is not really related,” I try to explain. 


  “He likes you, I thought you two were figuring things out?” Molly asks again. 


  “He doesn’t like me like that!” I laugh. “At best he likes me as a friend, but with his behaviour over the last weeks, I don’t even know if I want him as a friend!” 


  “Are you blind?” Professor Lupin asks quite rudely. 


  I raise my eyebrow. “Last time I checked, no, but twenty-seven Cruciatus curses can leave some gaps in my mind. Oh, and twitching fingers,” I snap. 


  “Ron likes you more than a friend,” he clarifies. “He always asks for your help with homework, always walks beside you, always looks at you during class or dinner.” 


  I shake my head. “No, he doesn’t like me like that. He asks me for help so he doesn’t have to do much of his homework, same for Harry by the way. I have always walked in the middle of the three of us and in class he is probably thinking about Quidditch,” I explain. “He didn’t even ask me for Yule Ball until the last second, because he had nobody to go with and he didn’t believe me when I had a date. Even when I showed up, he was mean to me, he tried to ruin my night, that is not something that people do when they like you. He even threatened me, wanted to assault me!” 


  “The Malfoy boy doesn’t deserve you!” snaps Molly out of nowhere. 


  “Excuse me, that is my decision and he has been there for me, he is smart, likes to read, doesn’t use me for my brain. He likes to challenge me mentally, he has learned so much from me. Don’t tell me he doesn’t deserve me, when he was the first one to ask me to the Yule ball even though we knew we couldn’t go together. Every chance he got, he has shown me that he does deserve me and I deserve him. He makes me happy! He makes me smile in this fucked up world. My thoughts of him were the only thing that kept me alive during all the torture,” I scream and stand up during my rant. 


  “He makes you think about those things! He manipulates you, it was probably the reason he asked you to that Manor, to get you caught. He is the son of a Death Eater, you are on the wrong side if you love him, you don’t belong in the Order if you do,” Molly screams. 


  “You want to know how it was to be tortured?” I scream back and slam my hand back down on the table, focussing on the darkest moments and flinging them outwards. 

 

  My magic carries my thoughts outwards and my voice fills the room. 


  
    “Help me! Someone!”
  


  My scream pierces the following silence. 


  
    “13. Slowly pour the water and seven squares of Valerian root into the cauldron. He is killing me! 14. Stir the potion ten times clockwise. No! Not more… I can’t.”
  


  Another scream fills the room. 

“15. Add 150fl.oz of powdered root of asphodel. I can’t do this any more. I can’t. I am not strong enough! 16. Hold the cauldron with your right hand. With your left hand gently stir the potion ten times counterclockwise and eight times clockwise. Let me die, please let me die. This is not worth it any more. Kill me. Kill me… 17. Leave the potion to settle for two and a half minutes”

  A scream, coughing and gasping for air. 


  
    “Kill me, kill me, please! KILL ME!” I scream and the sound of my head hitting the table is echoing in the room 
  

 

  I wave my hand and the sound cuts off. Tears are falling down my eyes, but my magic keeps dancing inside of my body, but now I hold it down. “Welcome to a piece of my mind,” I sneer and mimic the facial expression of Draco. I straighten my body and stare her down. 


  As I look around the table I am surprised to see people with tears in their eyes, mouths open in shock. 


  “Draught of the Living Death,” Professor Snape says in the silence. 


  I look at him and nod. 


  “Why that potion?” he asks.


  He is the only one meeting my eyes and even though I can see the raw emotions, he doesn’t hide them for me. 


  “Because it is difficult, you need to perform it perfectly in order to have a successful potion. You know how I was during the torture, always trying to keep myself standing as long as possible. I needed to focus on something. First I thought of something Draco and I did in that room, but eventually I couldn’t remember it clearly anymore until the memories were gone. Focus was the best thing for survival, that was the last night the Dark Lord tortured me, so I remember,” I explain. 


  “Why are you so powerful,” a man on the other end of the table asks. 


  “I don’t know,” I admit. “I just learned to focus more on the magic inside of me, but it is very difficult.” 


  Something flashes through the eyes of Professor Snape, but it is gone too quickly. 


  “I will become a spy, I will tell someone everything I know to help the Order. Some people might not trust me and I understand, I need Harry and Ron, my parents and other friends safe. I will need to do things that are unacceptable, that is why I need to help the Order. I know my future, either have the Dark Mark upon my arm or I’m dead. Nobody needs to save me, but I still want to help.” 


  I let myself fall back in the chair and look up at Sirius, his eyes are full with pity and I can’t stand it so I stare at the tabletop. 


  “You will write with me, I have a nickname people don’t know about, we will give you a name and we write,” Sirius states. 


  “Padfoot,” I mumble and smile shyly up at him. 


  “You know?” he asks. 


  “The Messrs. Moony,” I look at Professor Lupin. “Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs are proud to present. The Marauder’s Map,” I quote. 


  “You know,” he laughs. 


  “Yes, thanks for that map, it is really nice. I figured out Moony first, I saw Professor Lupin’s reaction when he caught Harry with it. You lit up and after that essay I thought about the possibility. I later saw Harry’s patronus, a Stag and I remember hearing that it was just like his father. Then we met the big black dog and that was you,” I look up at Sirius. “And Ron's rat was Wormtail, you both called him that. I knew the four of you were friends, it was too much of a coincidence. Moony is moon, logical. Prongs, because of the antlers, Wormtail is because he became a rat, but I never figured out why Padfoot,” I end hoping he will explain it to me. 


  “I’ll tell you in a letter, we must think about a name for you,” he laughs, grabs my hand and tugs me in for another hug. 


  He let’s a sigh go and I feel myself relax a bit in his arms. 


  “I am happy that it is all cleared up. Hermione will join the Order, as to matters of her love life, let’s keep our opinions private. The important thing is that we keep her as safe as possible and she is able to give information. She will be added to the records as a member or the Order and after the war she will be given a full pardon for anything that might have happened. Let’s not underestimate the dangerous position she is in, but remember how important it is for us. You-Know-How never trusts one person fully, so now we get information from multiple sides,” the Headmaster starts off. 

 

  It is after midnight before we can stand up and go back to Hogwarts. In the end Molly and Arthur hug me, but the most surprising hug is from Professor Lupin. After Molly lets go of me he guides me towards the drawing room of Grimmauld Place and pulls in a bone crushing hug. 


  “Please, try to stay safe. Always remember that there is so much worth living for,” he whispers in my ears. 


  “I will, Professor,” I say as I hug him back. 


  “Remus. Call me Remus, Hermione,” he says before letting me go. 


  “Okay...Remus,” I try and can’t keep myself from smiling. 


  He will always be a professor for me, but Remus also has a nice ring to it. 


  In the drawing room I find myself alone with Sirius, he is sitting on the couch as I walk in. 


  “Sorry about tonight, with the thoughts that you heard. I hope I didn’t make you think back to Azkaban?” I say softly and sit next to him. 


  It is clear that I draw him out of his thoughts. 


  “It’s fine, well, it’s not. You are so young and you endured that, I…” he begins but I interrupt him. 


  “I don’t want pity, I want to be treated like an equal. Everyone has some kind of torture in their life at one point or the other. I just want people to see me as a strong female instead of a broken little girl,” I explain to him. 


  “I understand, I was thinking of a Marauders name for you,” he laughs softly. 


  “I don’t need a Marauders name,” I laugh. “Can be any name, maybe something like Sophia. Just a regular name is fine.” 


  “No, you deserve a Marauders name, you figured it out and with everything that you are doing, you need one.” 


  “Oh, you guys let me be part of your group of Three Musketeers?” I laugh and roll my eyes. 


  “That is actually perfect! You are not an Animagus yet or have produced a Patronus right?” his eyes glittering. 


  “No, I haven’t but I can try,” I offer. 


  I grab my wand from my hair and focus on good memories from years ago. A vacation with my parents. “Expecto Patronum!” I demand. 


  A silver light explodes from my wand, but it doesn’t take on a form. The light is powerful enough to scare away the Dementors. I lift the spell and look puzzled at my wand. 


  “Why didn’t it form into an animal?” I ask out loud. 


  “Probably because you are still changing into the person you are destined to be,” explains Remus as he walks up to us. 


  I look up and frown. 


  “I wish I knew what it would be, will I be the same animal as an Animagus?” I ask. 


  “That is the most common, but don’t waste your energy on it for now. I bet you learn within a few months, unlike Sirius,” Remus laughs. 


  “How long did it take you?” I ask, looking at Sirius.  


  “Three years,” he mumbles and looks away. 


  “No way!” I laugh and try to hold it in. 


  “You are awake and not in your dorm before curfew, doesn’t that bother you,” he sneers back at me but smiles. 


  “Not the first time I am sneaking around at this hour,” I wink. 


  “Ah, to be young again, right Remus?” Sirius laughs and winks. “I did think about your comment about the Three Musketeers and you are right. You can join the Marauders a bit late, for now as D’Artagnan. It is male, so people don’t think about you if it is found. We hide the meaning of the letter within the stories and it would seem like two old friends are writing to each other.” 


  “I admit the name is smart, but once I know my Patronus or Animagus form, I want it changed,” I laugh. 


  This is the most I have laughed in weeks and it feels so good. 

 

  “We should be going,” Professor Snape interrupts out of nowhere. 


  I nod, walk towards the fireplace just as the Headmaster enters. He grabs a hand with Floo Powder and tosses it in. 


  “Goodnight gentlemen,” he says kindly and disappears. 


  “After you, Miss Granger.” 


  “Speak to you later, Padfoot. See you another time, Moony,” I giggle and throw the powder and get swept away. 


  I step out of the way for Professor Snape and walk back towards the front of the room. The Headmaster is bowed over a bowl. 


  “Are you okay, Headmaster?” I ask carefully. 


  “I am fine, just trying to get some perspective. You can come closer, Miss Granger, I know you want to.” 


  My cheeks flush but I walk up to him quickly. 


  “Do you recognize what this is?” he asks. 


  “I think it is called a Pensive, sir,” I answer. 


  “Correct. I just dropped a memory in it, I can look back at it from a different point, walk around in the memory and observe other people. It helps me think.”


  “I can see why that is very useful. What memory of tonight do you need to look back at,” I ask again very carefully. 


  “It is about you, how you stood up for Mr. Malfoy. I know a lot of what is happening in this castle, but I did not know things were so serious between the two of you. The way you defended him and the power you displayed. I am just curious,” he ends and waves over the bowl. 


  For a second I can see myself slam my hand down and the magic is visible for everyone. The wisps travel up my arm until they reach my head and it looks like it is blasted outward. I cringe as I can hear my own voice fill the room. But as quickly as it became visible it was gone again. 


  “Why is it so unexpected of me to stand up for him?” I ask out loud. “I mean, I know we are young, but I know how love can save people and I want him saved, he doesn’t deserve this. He is smart, he could help the world, but he is raised in a way that probably won’t allow him to do what he really desires. As for myself, I know it is weird that I basically sacrificed myself for him, but like I said, it is also for my friends, parents and every Muggleborn witch or wizard. If only I need to suffer instead of multiple other people, then my choice is made with ease.” 


  “That is very brave of you, Miss Granger. I do hope you find it in you to forgive,” he replies softly while staring into the Pensive. 


  “Forgive who?” I ask to get more clarification. 


  “You should wait for Professor Snape, he will walk back to the dorm with you,” the Headmaster says as he turns around and walks away. 


  I sigh and wait for the professor. “Tonight was weird,” I mumble and look up at a croaking Fawkes. 


  Before I can walk toward the Phoenix I can hear the Floo, followed by heavy steps and swishing robes. 


  “The Headmaster told me to wait for you, to walk with me to the dorms,” I explain as he raises his eyebrows as he sees me standing alone. 


  He nods and motions for me to go up the stairs. We walk in complete silence, just before we are at the dorms I turn towards him. 


  “I want to thank you. You brought me to the Headmaster and it helped. I know the last few weeks are difficult and I promise to watch my temper more. It...it just feels like a part of me has died in that cage and I feel weird. If I notice I don’t get my emotions under control I will drink the potion... daily,” I promise and walk away quickly, before he can even respond. 


  
    
  
  As I sneak into the Gryffindor common room I don’t notice anything and quickly walk towards the dorms. Everybody is asleep and I can easily slip into my bed, with a flick of my wand the curtains fall closed. 

 

  The next morning I awake with aching muscles and notice that I slept through my normal alarm. I hurry through my morning routine and within ten minutes I am walking through the doors of the Great Hall. It is hard not to search for Draco, but I manage it. I walk towards the Gryffindor table, sit down at my normal spot as I greet everyone and start preparing my breakfast. 


  Harry acts normal, just as Ginny and Neville. Ron is just probably annoyed because of yesterday. 


  “Did you sleep well? You are never this late,” Ginny asks with concern. 


  “I actually slept amazing, I even slept through my alarm!” I laugh and take a bite of my toast. 


  “You're lying,” shouts Ron out of nowhere. 


  I look startled, just like everyone else. “What do you mean, Ron?” 


  “You came in late last night!” he snaps. 


  “So, I told you I wanted some space to put things in perspective again. Are you spying on me or something?” I accuse him. 


  
    Maybe Molly was right and he thinks that he is in love with me. 
  


  “I…” he begins. “I didn’t see you on the map and I kept waiting for you underneath Harry’s cloak.”


  Before I can even respond, Harry starts. “You just took the map and my cloak? Without even asking?” he asks annoyed. 


  “Well yeah...she is hiding something, and I want to know what that is,” Ron snaps back. 


  “I told you, I wanted some space for an evening and you don’t trust me and spy on me?” I ask shocked. 


  “You are hiding something!” he suddenly screams so loud that everyone is looking at us. 


  “I am not!” I snap back. 


  “She is not, you are being unreasonable, Ron,” says Ginny angrily. 


   “Where did you go? If you are not hiding anything, you should be able to answer that without a problem.”


  
    Let’s hope he doesn’t know where to find it and they believe me. 
  


  “It is called the Room of Requirement. I found it during the holiday and it can transform to a place you desire. It is hidden and unplottable, so it won’t be on the map,” I explain with a huff. 


  He frowns, not wanting to believe me. 
  
    I need to do something about that map, otherwise they will notice if I leave or am with Draco. He must not have checked the map when I came back, because he doesn’t mention Professor Snape or the Headmaster. 
  


  “That is a weird answer. Show it to us,” he snaps. 


  “If you would have read Hogwarts: A History, you would have known about the room, so it is not a weird answer. You make it weird.” 


  “I agree with her, Ron. Why are you spying on her, because she got angry yesterday. To be honest mate, you had it coming,” shrugs Harry. 


  “What do you mean by that?” he snarls again. 


  Ginny answers. “Just the way you treat her. You use her for your homework and don’t respect her boundaries, clearly. The night while we were drinking, you made a move on her and something happened after the Yule Ball. She gets angry with you and you act like she has joined You-Know-Who!” she exclaims. 


  It takes all my strength to not run away or show the truth on my face.


  “I didn’t think it was anything like that,” he shouts as he holds up his hands in surrender. 


  “What did you think then?” I ask pointedly. 


  He looks away and waits to answer. “I thought you were seeing someone,” he mutters as a blush spreads across his face. 


  “You what?” the three of us burst out. 


  “Why would you care, that would be my private life, my choice!” I snap at him. 


  My appetite is lost. 
  
    He caused all this drama because I might be seeing someone. Okay, I am seeing Draco and I am not even interested in Ron. This even shows why the way he acts is childish. 
  


  “‘Mione, I want to go on a date with you,” he suddenly asks and grabs my hand. 


  I immediately pull back my hand. “Absolutely not!” I snap again. “How dare you, first you spy on me, you make a big fight about it and just randomly ask me on a date. For the record, Ronald Weasley, that is not how you ask out a girl. You didn’t even learn from the Yule ball,” I hiss angrily.

 

  The whole Gryffindor table is looking at me and I stand. 
  
    Keep your emotions under control. You need control. Deep breaths in. 
  


  I walk away from the Great Hall and towards the first class, charms. 


  The room is open and empty, I sit down and let myself sigh. 
  
    Stupid Ron, with his childish games. It is not that difficult to just ask a girl out, in a normal way. Not that I would say yes, but it is the thought that counts, right. I don’t need more people watching my every move.
  
   


  “Hi,” says a male voice and I look up. 


  I am surprised to see Theodore Nott standing in front of me. “Hi,” I respond after a second. 


  “Are you okay, I saw that the Weasel was picking a fight again,” he asks with a kind voice, this is our first conversation. 


  “It’s fine, he is just annoyed. Hopefully he just stops quickly and everything can go back to normal,” I sigh.


  A smile tugs at Theodore’s lips, but he doesn’t explain it. “I wanted to give you this, you didn’t eat much and we both know you need to gain something back,” he whispers. 


  Even the vague mention of the torture is enough to set me on edge. “I will be fine,” I answer clipped. 


  “I know, but you will be even better if you ate something,” he winks and sets down an apple in front of me. 


  He walks toward his normal seat and I pick up the apple. “I will know if you poisoned it,” I laugh. 


  “Only one way to find out,” he laughs and I bite into the apple. 


  It is not poisoned of course, it is just a sweet and juicy apple, just how I like them. The room starts to fill with students and the moment Draco walks in, I know it. It is like my body or magic recognises him, he looks at the apple in my hand and I can see a smile tug at his lips, but he hides it quickly. 
  
    Maybe he gave Theodore this apple? That would be very sweet of him
  
  . 

 

  Harry sits down beside me and smiles, Ron takes the seat on the other side of Harry. The lesson ends before I know it and we walk toward the next. Harry keeps himself between Ron and me at all times and I am glad for it. After the second lesson I go to Ancient Runes 


  
    I need to figure something out with the map. He can’t be tracking me and it could be dangerous for the future. I might need to do some research so I can change something or have the ability to hide myself and possibly others. Maybe I should ask Sirius about it? 
  

 

  Lunch is quiet and I am drawn back. Thinking about the Marauders map, The Order and the Death Eaters. It feels like the weight of the world is on my shoulders and I don’t know how to fix any of it.


  “Herminny?” I hear and focus back on the present. 


   I look up and see Viktor stand in front of me. “Hi! Sorry I got lost in my thoughts!” I laugh. 


  He laughs. “Do you want to join me for a walk?” he asks with his heavy accent. 


  “Yes! That would be lovely!” I beam and start packing my things. 


  I catch the angry look of Ron, but ignore it. Outside he casts a warming spell over us so we don’t have to wear jackets. He asks about my holiday and I lie that it was okay and apparently he went back to his family. 


  “You must have already figured out what the hint for the next test is, Herminny,” he laughs loudly, but I can feel his question. 


  
    How could I forget? I actually forgot that there was a Tournament. 
  


  “I have not actually,” I admit and look away. 


  “Let him open the egg under water. You have these huge bathrooms, he should use one,” Viktor says softly and tucks a curl behind my ear. 


  I look at him shocked. “Why would you help?” I ask gasping. 


  “Because he deserves a chance. He is a good person and you are too,” he admits. “But you don’t have feelings for me,” he goes on. 


  I want to deny it, but that would be a lie. He is nice and good looking, but I prefer someone who is leaner, blonder and always scowling. 


  “You are a friend,” I confess. 


  He watches me closely and I feel a blush spread over my cheeks. “You already have somebody. Someone has your heart?” he asks. 


  I nod and whisper that it is difficult. He doesn’t ask who it is, but he listens as I tell him a very simple version of the truth. His parents won’t accept me, we are very different, both different houses and my friends hate him. They can’t know and it must remain a secret. I tell him how amazing Draco is, without naming something easily recognizable. It feels good to tell someone and not be judged for it. 

 

  We walk back to the castle and I have to run to my next class, Professor McGonagall looks pointedly at me. 


  “Sorry Professor, I was walking and forgot the time,” I explain and slide in my seat next to Harry. 


  She nods and starts her class. 


  I feel more than one pair of eyes burn into me, I look at Ron and notice his stare, I quickly glance around the room and feel Draco’s eyes on me. 
  
    Is he jealous?
  


  I write on my parchment what Viktor has told me about the egg and I slide it towards Harry. He reads it and his eyes widen as he looks up at me. I can only nod to confirm it. He slips the note in his pocket and we both focus on the class. 

 

  After the class I try to find Draco but he is already gone. 
  
    Shit. He is probably thinking the worst and getting angry about it. 
  
   


  I spot Theo in the hallway and want to approach him, but I stop halfway. 
  
    It would be weird if I would talk to him, I can’t be so stupid.
  
   I duck my head down and walk past him quickly. I turn to a quiet hallway and sigh. 
  
    Why are boys so difficult? Maybe I should write to Sirius.
  
   

 

  After my classes I go to the library and I am consumed by the amount of homework, because I couldn’t do anything yesterday. My roaring stomach pulls me from my concentration and hours have passed. I need to hurry to the Great Hall for dinner, my friends are already eating as I sit down. 


  “That was a lot of homework!” I laugh as I grab food. 


  “Did you already finish it?” Harry asks shocked. 


  “No, not even close I think. I need to go back after dinner, will you join me?” I ask hopefully, I can use some company. 


  “Yes, I really need to get started and after that I can work on that egg,” he offers and winks. 


  “I really hope it works, so you can prepare for your second task,” I tell him between bites. 


  A few owls choose that moment to sweep in and land with the evening mail. I’m caught off guard when a huge black owl lands in front of me and sticks out his paw with a rolled up piece of parchment attached to it. I untie it and the owl hops on my wrist and walks up my shoulder. Even after I offer him pieces of my meat he remains on my shoulder. 


  I look at the parchment, the letter is sealed with a wax stamp, detailed with a paw print in it. 
  
    Padfoot! The owl must be waiting to return a letter. I can’t read this in front of Harry and Ron. 
  
  I lean my head against the owl, his yellow eyes follow my movements. 


  “I need to answer this,” I say and leave my food for what it is and walk away from the table. 


  Harry and Ron look confused, it is not normal when an owl sticks around for an answer and I didn’t even open the letter. This is the second time today that I didn't eat properly. 

 

  While walking out of the Great Hall I open the letter, I walk a few minutes until I find a deserted hallway and sit down in a windowsill. The owl looks like a Great Horned, but instead of the normal brown and white, this one is fully black and has yellow eyes. It is a beautiful bird, I have never seen one like this. He hops down on my leg and I scratch his head. 
  
    Sirius Black has a black owl, of course he has. 
  
   


  “You are a very pretty owl,” I tell the owl out loud and continue scratching him while I read. 


  
    Dear D’Artagnan, 
  


  
    I hope this letter finds you well. The name of the owl is Achilles and I hope you like him. It was so good to see you and I wanted to write to you. Achilles will always wait for your reply, however long that might take, he is well trained. 
  


  
    I remember that we both have a great fondness for books and I hope you want to join our little book club so we can discuss books in our letters. It has been a long time since I was at Hogwarts, so I will start with Hogwarts: A History. One of your favourites I believe. What is your favourite chapter? Maybe I will start there. 
  


  
    How is school going?
  


  
    Kindest regards,
  


  
    Padfoot. 
  

 

  “So Achilles huh? A warrior owl?” I ask. “You are really pretty,” I gush. 


  Achilles nips my finger playfully. 


  “I should write back right away,” I tell him and grab a piece of parchment, quill and ink. 


  Achilles hoots softly and sits back on my shoulder. 


  
    Dear Padfoot, 
  


  
    I am so happy to get your letter and don’t worry, Achilles is a true gentleman and currently sitting on my shoulder. Probably reading and judging what I am writing. 
  


  
    Hogwarts: A History is my favourite book of all times! You should start at the beginning, but I have always loved the chapter about hidden rooms and secret passages in the castle. 
  


  
    There is a myth about a map, where you can see where everyone is. It is an amazing piece of magic, and would be great to have. How would you even make such a difficult item? It would probably have a lot of spells on it, I can only imagine. Some sort of locator spell and of course a spell to keep it secret. 
  


  
    If I would find such a map, I would be sure to make a copy of it or make sure I can hide myself from it, so it would appear normal when I pull a prank on somebody. 
  


  
    School is busy, I have so much homework to prepare and should start soon if I don’t want to be awake until midnight. Everything else is okay, but there is this ginger cat walking around and I don’t know what is wrong with him, since October he is constantly pulling out his claws and ready for a fight with me. I am trying to ignore it, but the cat is making a show of it. Hissing and meowing, so everyone is looking at me. I hate it! 
  


  
    I hope that everything turns back to normal soon. 
  


  
    Kindest regards, 
  


  
    D’Artagnan 
  

 

  I roll up the letter and attach it to Achilles leg. We walk towards the courtyard and he hops on my wrist. 


  “Fly safe and be nice to Padfoot,” I say and give the owl a last scratch on his head. 


  He stretches his large wings and flies away. I hope desperately to see the owl return soon. Maybe I can play it off like I have a friend and we write to each other often. People will notice the large black owl and Harry and Ron will ask questions about it. Maybe say that the Headmaster wanted me to reach out to another student, to help Harry. 
  
    Technically it is not a lie. 
  


  
  
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    Weeks fly by and I focus on my schoolwork. Before I know it I am watching as Harry finishes his second task of the Triwizard Tournament. The Headmaster warned me the day before the task that they won’t use me, even if it was the original plan. They wanted to use me for Viktor to save, but seeing that I am a very important student they diverted from their plan and used a girl he was seen talking to a few days prior.  Harry had to be Harry and rescued two people, it is not like they would let the little sister of Fleur die, but he is a Gryffindor. The party in Gryffindor Tower is loud and busy, the moment I see the opportunity to escape I take it. For hours I keep wandering in the hallways, until a big black owl swoops down to me and lands on my shoulder. I keep walking around and reading Sirius’ letter. Over the last couple of weeks he has been giving me information on how to duplicate the map and his thoughts on trying to find a spell to deceive the map. I recreated the map and linked it to the original version. I tried several spells to make myself undetectable, but nothing worked, yet. Maybe I need to create a spell, but I don’t know anything about that, so I would need to research that or ask a Professor I kind of trust.  My godson has written to me and wants to meet this weekend. It would be nice to see you too, maybe we can exchange a book?  I re-read the sentence multiple times.  How could I have forgotten that he is Harry’s godfather? But Harry has never gotten a letter from Achilles, I would recognise it or Harry would have asked about my letters if they were delivered by the same owl.  “Do you only fly to me?” I ask the owl softly. He hoots and nuzzles in my hair. “Such a good boy,” I murmur and scratch his head. “So smart.”  Exchange a book? Maybe he has found something that I can use on the map?  I conjure a piece of parchment, quill and ink, and start writing my reply.  
   Dear Padfoot,  

   I would love to exchange a book, I might want to take a trip to Flourish and Blotts. Should we meet each other in the alley beside it?  

   School is going good, things have calmed down a bit. The ginger cat scratches me sometimes, but it is nothing I can’t handle. Funny you should ask about the ferret, he is keeping his distance from me and I don’t know what I think about that.  

  I mean, we still see each other, but it is less frequent. We always need to be careful, it feels like he is withdrawing from me. I don’t know if I did something wrong. Maybe it is because I am focussing on the upcoming exams or just the excitement around the Triwizard Tournament.

   Love,  

   D’Artagnan  
 Over the past week the only one I could really talk to was Sirius, maybe that is why we changed our ending of the letters and why I don’t think of him as Harry’s Godfather. He feels like a friend.  I tie the letter to Achilles and walk to the courtyard, as if the owl knows my need for company, he keeps sitting on my shoulder with his body pushed against my head. Every time I noticed Achilles sitting somewhere I would check the surroundings and call him over to me. In the beginning Harry and Ron bombarded me with questions about the letters and the owl. I kept repeating my lie about another student that the Headmaster wanted me to talk to. After telling Sirius about their questions he started sending Achilles out late and only came to me when I was alone. This smart and beautiful owl has a way to find me, he chooses places where only I would notice him and come up with an excuse so I can get the letter. Sometimes I wait with sending him away, just because I like his company, feels like a connection with Sirius. Only a few times I was caught with the owl on my shoulder, but then I would quickly finish my letter and send him off. In the beginning Draco was jealous, but after repeating it was a friend and I couldn’t tell him more because of obvious reasons, he let it go. Harry was fine with me talking to someone else, Ron is the real problem. Not a day has passed without some snarky comment from Ron or that I notice him following me. I keep my anger more to myself, but I can’t keep certain retorts or quips leaving my lips, which annoy Ron even more.  As I round a corner I see a very attractive blond leaning against the wall. A sigh of relief leaves my lips and I walk up quickly. He grabs my head and pulls me towards him. Our lips meet in the middle and I can feel the need rediate from Draco. His tongue demands entrance and I give it to him, his hand grabs my hair and he turns us so I am pushed up against the wall. “I missed you,” he whispers between kisses. “I missed you more,” I sigh and press myself against him. “Astronomy Tower?” He nods and grabs my hand, together we sneak to our favourite place. We are greeted with the chilly February winds and Draco immediately casts a warming charm on us. “I need you,” he says softly as he stands behind me and starts kissing my neck. I moan and let myself relax against his strong body. His hands glide over my arms, the touch is so light that I shiver. He makes me turn around suddenly, grabs my cheeks and kisses me passionately, while he backs me up against the wall. “I want to shag you, until your voice is raw from screaming,” he tells me as he stares in my eyes. My knees buckle, but he holds me. “Will you be a good girl and scream my name?” he whispers against my neck. “Yes!” I moan. “Please, Draco!” I don’t know why my body reacts so quickly to his touch, but I ruined my knickers within minutes. Desire is pumping through my body and my cheeks flush.  Merlin, I need this man.  I let myself drop to my knees, unbuckle his belt and yank down his trousers and boxers in one motion. His hard cock springs out and I don’t waste a second before I take him in my mouth. I feel that his hand is in my hair and grabbing it hard. It only motivates me more, I take him deep and let my tongue flick against the thick veins. He rewards me with moans as he starts to take over again, slowly starting to thrust in my mouth. I let him, I relax my mouth more and focus on breathing through my nose. He starts to pick up pace and goes deeper. This is not the first time he does this, so I know what to expect. He just likes to have control and I love to submit to it, letting my mind go blank and just enjoy the moment. “Fuck, Hermione!” he groans. He pulls out of my mouth and I can’t keep a whimper from escaping my lips. “Want to come on my cock, love?” he asks as he helps me to my feet. I stare in his very dilated eyes, the liquid silver just a small ring around the black. “Yes, please,” I moan as I feel his hands touch the edge of my skirt. “Are you wearing something nice underneath?” he asks seductively. I can only nod, all words have left my brain as I watch him wet his lips and bite on his lower one. He turns me away from him and unzips my skirt, I tease him more and push out my arse. The skirt falls to the ground, revealing a black lace thong. I am wearing a matching bra, with low cups, to just cover my nipples. He growls at the sight of my arse, I yelp as he spanks me. “You like that, love?” he asks and before I can respond he bites my neck, making me gasp. I throw my head back as he keeps massaging my arse with one hand, and the other is starting on the buttons of my white blouse.  Thank Godric, that I left my tie in the dorm. His hand is edging towards my core and I can’t keep myself from wiggling against him, trying to find friction against my clit. He growls again as he catches sight of my bra, his other hand leaves my core and with two hands he pulls open my blouse, popping off the remaining buttons. “Are you trying to kill me!” he moans. “Fuck, I...fuck…” I smile and bite my lip, hoping to distract him enough so he won’t see my hand glide between my own legs. For a second it seems to work and I am drawing circles around my clit, but as soon as my body gives a small shake he looks down. “Oh no, love. I didn’t give permission for that, I thought you wanted to come on my cock,” he muses. “You take too long,” I grumble as he grabs my wrists and holds them above my head. I watch his face and notice a smirk growing, his eyes roving over my body, staying on my breasts. “You are not wearing a tie,” he observes. “Let’s change that.” My eyes fall to his green tie, which is still sitting snugly against his throat. He whispers a sticking spell and lets go of my wrists. I can’t keep my mouth from falling open as he slowly removes his tie, undoing the knot and hanging it around my neck. He starts to redo the knot and tightens it around my throat. It is not tight, as I expected him to do, but he looks down at me with burning desire. “That color suits you so good, love,” he compliments. He steps back and keeps staring at me, drinking me in. I stand before him, hands above my head, in black lacy underthings and a Slytherin tie around my neck. “Do you have any idea how often I think of you wearing nothing more than my tie?” he growls low. I shake my head and I let a moan go. “You made my fantasy even better, I love it that your tits are pushed up and that tiny thong is hugging your arse so perfectly. It is like art and I can’t seem to stop looking at you.” He steps back towards me and lets a finger drag through my wet slit. “Oh Draco, fuck me, fuck me please,” I moan. “Not yet, love,” he responds and pushes two fingers inside of me. “Ah!” I shout and let my head fall back. He claims my mouth while his fingers slowly dip in and out of me. I try to hook my leg around his hips, but he shifts slightly so I can’t get a grip. “So desperate, so pretty,” he whispers full adoration. “Fuck me,” I demand and turn my head away from him. He grabs the tie and pulls. “You want my cock, love? Do you want to be filled with my seed?” “Yes!” I let out in frustration. “I want to drip around your cock as you push inside of me and give me an orgasm!” “Fuck,” he roars and pulls up my legs so I can hook around him. With ease he slides into me, deep and ready to shag my brains out. He is relentlessly pushing inside of me, hunting for release, but I know he will always let me come at least once before he will. He keeps holding the tie, lets his forehead rest against mine and stares in my eyes. My orgasm is building fast, I just need a touch of his fingers against my clit before I fall off the edge of the world. My cunt is tightening with each thrust of him, and finally he lets his fingers flutter against my clit, with just a few strokes I scream out his name. His stare burns in me, as he watches me lose every bit of self control, but his ritem never slows. My eyelids feel heavy, but I have found that the best thing is to watch him come. The way he tilts his head back, opens his mouth as a stream of moans and my name comes out, how his muscles all tighten and fills me with his seed with hard and deep thrusts.Just watching him come, sends me over for a second time and I let my head fall against his shoulder. My wrists are released and he cradles me against him, as we sit down. It takes a few minutes before I can open my eyes and find him still looking at me. “You are so beautiful,” he whispers. My muscles have that delicious ache, my head feels empty and I know that the moment I fall asleep I will dream about this moment. “I love you,” I whisper back with closed eyes, snuggled against him as if nothing is wrong in this world. I haven’t said it since the night I pledged myself to the Dark Lord. Before I know what I have said, I feel him tense and I look up. It starts to dawn on me what I just said for the first time. I wait for his response before I say anything. “Do you mean that?” his voice is so low and he lifts my head to look into my eyes. “Yes, I do,” I respond and search for his answer in his eyes. “Really?” I can feel his desperation vibrate through that word. “Yes, I love you Draco,” I tell him earnestly. He pulls me into a bone crushing hug. “I love you too,” he whispers in my ear. Immediately tears spring to my eyes, his words make my heart grow and beat faster. I pull back and kiss him, not caring that he can taste my tears.  We stayed up at the Astronomy Tower for hours, only returning to our dorms until the sun started to rise. It was beautiful to watch the stars together and make love underneath them. We talked about the coming months, exams and the Triwizard Tournament. So many things are going on, and there is no way to slow things down. I talk to him about the stress I feel and that I had expected more contact or tasks from the Dark Lord. Eventhough two months has passed since the torture, I still have a twitch in my fingers, I can control it most of the time and it doesn’t happen often. The Dark Lord must be planning something, it has been weeks since anything about him or the Death Eaters has been mentioned in the Daily Prophet. I don’t know what it is or what I can do to prepare Harry for it, and maybe that is a good thing. The last thing I need right now is to upset the Dark Lord and blow my cover. I haven’t heard from Sirius since a week prior, today we should be meeting him. Harry told us yesterday about his plan to meet Sirius in a hidden alley. He wants to discuss what to do about the third task and how he can win, maybe ask about You-Know-Who. I told them my suspicion that something is going to happen because of the silence around him, but they didn’t see it as a real threat and ignored it. I spend more time researching spells for the map and I can’t find anything on the subject. The Marauders Map was an one of a kind item, unique in many ways. I need to finish it before the school year ends. It is still not safe to meet Draco every night, and if we meet it is deep in the night and not for long periods. He knows about the map and what I am trying to do. I hope that I can present this to the Dark Lord and show more loyalty towards him, what he doesn’t know is that I have made a third map and plan on giving it to Sirius today.  I am wearing jeans, a dark red sweater and my coat as we walk towards Hogsmeade. In front of us is Draco walking, Crabbe and Goyle on either side of him. I stare at him with a bored expression, hoping it would not attract any attention from Ron.  How can he walk with such ease and those long strides. I love those hands, they are so attractive, slender but still very strong. It is so difficult to not stare at him while he is preparing ingredients for potions, the precision he uses is so hot. Everything about him gets me hot and bothered. “Mione, are you thinking about exams again?” Harry pulls me from my thoughts. “Why? What do you mean?” I stutter and try to pull my face back to a neutral expression. “You always get this look if you think about studying,” he laughs, but Ron doesn’t join him. “What kind of look?” I ask curiously. “Like you are in love, your eyes go distant and a blush always spreads over your cheeks,” he laughs harder. “Harry James Potter!” I scold loudly while laughing and bump against his arm. “I don’t look like I am in love when I think about exams!” “What were you thinking about then?” asks Ron and the laughing stops. “I don’t know, Ron. I just let my mind wander a bit,” I say coolly. Before he can respond I look up at Draco’s silver eyes. It shocks me so much that I take a step back and gasp. My mind goes blank.  He must have heard Harry and me. Oh Godric, he must know that I was thinking about him. Don’t make it worse, please!  “How would you know what a girl looks like when she is in love,” laughs Draco in the face of Ron. This could go ugly, Draco hates Ron and now even more because of how Ron is still treating me. “Nobody could look at you in that way. They look at you with disgust, Weasel,” Draco adds while Crabbe and Goyle laugh behind him. “Oh and you do?” Ron retorts and puffs out his chest. “I don’t do love, I just shag,” Draco laughs. “Not like you would know anything about that, Weasel.” Ron tries to come back, but as I figured he doesn’t know what to say. I need to play this well and not expose myself. I grab Harry and Ron by the elbows and tug on them. “Come on, let’s go.” “Nobody will ever love you, Malfoy,” snaps Ron, tugs his arm back and makes me stumble against Harry. Draco eyes flash dangerously. “Better listen to your girlfriend, Weasel. She is the smart one and everyone knows it,” he sneers. “She’s not my girlfriend,” Ron growls through gritted teeth. 
   Am I Draco’s girlfriend? Are we a couple? 
“Good for her, because even she is worth more than to be with you,” Draco laughs and I expect that I will feel some kind of anger flare up, but nothing happens. “Leave us alone, Malfoy,” I snap, playing along with him.He raises his eyebrows and watches me, my heart starts to beat fast. This is the first time in months that he has looked at me in public. Normally I would get insults thrown at me each week. He has to do it and I try to tell him with my eyes, that it is okay to do. “A filthy little Mudblood like you still has some standards I see. Maybe a hidden and secret boyfriend with a black owl?” he sneers. 
   Shit, why did he have to bring up the letters, he knows about the owl? 
“I said, leave us alone, Malfoy,” I say as I try to grab Ron again. Harry pushes me softly to the side and steps close to Draco. I notice as Crabbe and Goyle are watching me with curiosity. “Want to fight, Malfoy,” he asks lividly. “Harry, he is not worth it,” I try but he is too invested in it, his knuckles are white around his wand. I look at Ron for help, but he is the same as Harry, I can’t be caught looking at Draco and I can’t do anything to stop the inevitable. Draco pushes Harry backwards and he stumbles. This gives Ron a chance to hit Draco square on the jaw. Draco’s head snaps towards the side and for a second they find me, before he turns around and returns the favor to Ron, but with much more force. Ron hits the ground  “Ron!” I scream. Harry points his wand to Draco and yells a spell to disarm him, but Draco is quicker and sends a stinging hex towards him. I throw up a shield around Harry for the spell and Draco’s eyes snap towards me with anger. “Stay out of it, Granger. Big boys are playing,” he sneers. Crabbe grabs my left wrist trying to pull me against him, before he succeeds I punch his nose and feel it crack. He pushes me away and grabs his nose. Goyle is a bit smarter and grabs both my wrists behind my back, but he doesn’t have enough strength to hold me still. I stamp on his foot and when he bows in pain I throw my head back against his nose, I swirl around and punch him on the jaw. “Fuck!” I cry out as I forget the correct placement of my thumb. I had my thumb tucked in my fist, the impact of the punch broke the bones in my knuckle, I could hear and feel the bone snap. The blow to his cheek was still hard and he has stumbled a few feet away from me. He raises his wand to me and sends a stunning hex on me. I hit him with multiple stinging hexes and he tries to run away. The moment he turns around I send a  Furnunculus jinx at his ass. By the howling sounds coming from him, the pimples have formed on his ass and are very painful.  Dare to hit me again and I will make it worse  . Crabbe runs away with Goyle, which only leaves Draco.  He needs to go, we have a meeting with Sirius!  “I think I scared off your minions, Malfoy,” I call out. Three pairs of eyes turn to me, Draco looks confused, Harry proud and Ron suspicious. “What did you do to them?” Ron asks and even forgets Draco is standing there. “Nothing, just scared them off with a few stinging hexes,” I shrug. Ron frowns but remains silent. “Come Harry, Malfoy is not worth it,” I repeat my earlier statement. Harry blinks and shoves past Draco and walks up to me. “Ron?” I ask and wait for him to join us. After a moment he pushes past Draco, but he keeps frowning at me. I turn around and walk away, not waiting for them to follow me. “A stinging hex doesn't make somebody yell out when they run away,” notes Ron angry. “Dammit Ron, what is wrong with you? Why are you still looking at me like that? I did nothing wrong. They wanted to hit me, I just defended myself,” I snarl. “You guys were so busy with Malfoy that I had to take on those two dumbasses!” I stomp away, quickly followed by Harry, but Ron doesn’t follow at the same speed. “We have a meeting, if you want to be there with us, hurry,” I scoff at Ron over my shoulder.  He follows, but doesn’t walk beside me like Harry. In the end Harry leads us to the hidden alley. I look around and notice something moving in the dark, I grip my wand and take aim. “Well done, Hermione,” laughs Sirius as he steps out. “You are the only one who even noticed me.” I smirk at him and let relief wave through me. “So good to see you again, Sirius,” I laugh back. He opens his arms, but I see him looking at Harry and I step aside to let him through. “I missed you Harry,” I can hear Sirius say as he pulls Harry in for a hug. “But you must be more focused on your surroundings, I could have easily attacked you.” I watch them, and yet I feel someone's stare on me, and it is not difficult to know who it is. Ron is watching me and I stare back, the smile that was on my face sliding off. Sirius nods towards Ron as he notices the tension building in the cramped alleyway. “Why did you want to meet me, Harry?” Sirius tries to pull everyone's attention. “I need to know how I can survive the last task and win the Triwizard Tournament!” he responds immediately. I roll my eyes with annoyance, how could that even be the first thing he asks? You-Know-Who is a bigger threat and we don’t know what he is planning. Harry should prepare for anything, but he only thinks of winning the stupid Tournament. “I don’t know what the task will be, it is a secret for everyone,” Sirius begins. “But I think it is important that you keep up with your studies, know defence spells and even some offence spells to be safe.” I keep quiet during their talk about which jinxes to use and how to perfect them. Ron seems to be interested in learning more about the offensive spells and I watch him. For the first time in months he is completely ignoring me. I let myself lean against the wall, not really paying attention to all the information Sirius is giving them. Today showed me that I am much better at defending myself than I thought. “What do you think, Hermione?” Harry asks. I shake my head and focus back on the conversation. “What, I was lost in my thoughts for a minute.” “Do you think that I have a chance of winning the Tournament?” he asks and his smile is contagious. “Of course you can win, Harry!” I laugh back and hold in my comment about focussing on You-Know-Who. “I think you guys should go,” Sirius interrupts. “Harry, write to me anytime you like,” and smiles down at him. “Of course! I will keep you updated on the Tournament!” He beams and hugs Sirius. “Maybe this summer I can join you for the holiday?” he adds. I see a slight fall in Sirius’ smile. “I wouldn’t want anything else,” he responds and pulls Harry in a hug, but over his shoulder Sirius looks at me. Harry will not be with Sirius this summer, the Headmaster won’t allow it, because it is not safe for him. The Order must be available any second for if anything happens. I swallow back vile as I think of my summer, I won’t be going to my parents. Even if it is not yet demanded by the Dark Lord, I will be at the Malfoy Manor, training. Summer is going to suck. We say goodbye to Sirius and walk back towards Diagon Alley.  “I want to go to Flourish and Blotts, do you guys want to come?” I ask and cross my fingers that they say no. “No, I want butterbeer,” answers Ron and pulls Harry with him. Something is up with Ron, and he is happy that I am not going with them. I walk towards the bookshop, but before I enter I look around and slip into the alley next to it. I let myself slink into the shadows and walk further back and wait. With a simple disillusionment spell I make sure that I am hard to find. I hear a light footfall nearing me and aim my wand in the direction of the sound. A large black dog pads towards me. “Padfoot,” I greet him and within seconds he is once again a familiar man and pulling me towards him. “D’Artagnan,” he laughs softly. “Everything okay?”“As okay as can be expected,” I answer vaguely. “I could feel the tension between you and Ron. Did something happen again?” I sigh harshly. “Draco, Goyle and Crabbe annoyed us and it led to a fight. Ron only had eyes for Draco together with Harry. Goyle and Crabbe attacked me, wanted to hit me and maybe my anger got a bit out of hand. I punched them both, broke their noses and hit one of them with some stinging hexes and a pimple hex on his ass,” I explain and wave my hand. My thumb catches my eye and I look alarmed at the bruising on it, it is almost completely purple. Sirius follows my line of sight and grabs my hand. “What did you do?” he asks as he touches the bruise and I recoil. “I think I broke it. I remember punching and I had my thumb tucked in. Didn’t think I would break it so easily,” I half-laugh and winch at the pain. “I can help you, may I?” he offers. I nod and watch as he touches the tip of his wand to the knuckle and murmurs a spell. Almost immediately the pain is gone and the bruise is going away. He takes my hand in both of his, softly drawing circles over the back of it. “Thank you,” I smile. “Ron thinks I overreacted and got angry again. Harry kind of picked my side and now Ron is happy to be alone with Harry. Probably talking shit about me,” I can’t keep the irritation from my voice.  He doesn’t even know that he was a part of the reason why I am a spy now. Ungrateful.  “You need to keep him at a distance, he could be putting you in danger,” Sirius warns. “I know, but he is always sticking to Harry and I try to get him to focus on You-Know-Who. Everytime I bring it up, Ron is telling me to let it go. Sometimes it feels like he is the spy,” I whisper and lean more towards Sirius. He pats my shoulder. “You are doing a good job,” he offers. “Not enough, I haven’t heard any news in the last two months. I think things will change this summer, but I bet I am staying at the manor and can’t get word out to you,” I sigh sadly. I open my jacket and pull out the parchment and hand it to him. “I made a third copy. This one works outside of Hogwarts. You can keep track of everyone and if something is wrong you can intervene.” “You are a wonderful witch,” he smiles down at me and opens de parchment. “I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.” It is so funny to hear him say the words for the first time. I must have used it a dozen times by now, but he is an original Marauder. “It is weird saying it again,” he admits and I can see the lightest blush spread on his face as his eyes glitter with anticipation. “The only thing I need to figure out is how I can disillusion myself and maybe other people, if I need to,” and while I say it I know the answer. “I need to change a normal disillusionment spell to fit the map, I can do that!” I exclaim excitedly. His eyes light up even more. “You truly are the smartest witch I know,” he laughs and he watches the ink spread over the parchment. We are silent for a bit and both just watch the map. “Goyle is in the infirmary,” he notes and I look towards it. He is correct that both Crabbe and Goyle are in the infirmary. “That will be awkward,” I laugh. “You didn’t lose control, Hermione. It was two against one, and to be honest Harry and Ron need to look out for you. That is what friends do.” “I know, but I needed it to happen like this. Draco had to insult us, he hasn’t said anything mean to me in months. They can’t start thinking anything about him and me,” even if I know he didn’t mean his words, it still hurts to hear them. “Don’t look for us tonight,” I add laughing softly. “Ugh, teenagers,” he laughs back. “Any tips for perfect hiding spots?” I giggle. “The Astronomy Tower is fun and all, but always cold.” “Try classrooms, they are often empty and not locked. Quick silencing charm and you are set to go,” he laughs. “Thanks I am sure to try it out,” I giggle some more but let it die down and sigh. “I have a feeling things with Ron will blow up and if I need anything from them I need to hurry. He is so suspicious of me, all because I got angry one day. Even other people have said that he had it coming,” I sigh sadly. “Maybe you should let him blow up and see the reaction of other people. You said it yourself, Harry picked your side today, I guess a lot of people will. Ron will be off your back and you will be able to have a bit more peace. I guess you are stressing over your exams already,” he squeezes my hand. “The friendship is gone with Ron, but I feel more for Harry. He feels like a brother I never had and I want to protect him so badly, but he also needs protection from me. I hate it, but it is true, some day word will get out and he will feel betrayed. There is nothing I can do about it. He needs to hate me for what I did, and I can only love him for who he is and what he has to do. It’s a twisted world,” tears start to fall and I suddenly don’t know how to stop. Sirius pulls me into his chest and casts a stronger silencing charm around us, after that he starts stroking my back. After crying Sirius and I say goodbye quickly, I need to make my way back towards the castle and want to work on the spells on the map. The crying did help a bit, I feel more focused again. I really should start living day to day, no need to worry about things that are months or years away.  I go to the library and grab my favourite table in the back. After searching for books on changing spells for specific purposes I start my research. I write pages full of information and ideas I have that I need to try. It is dinner time when I emerge from the library and walk towards the Great Hall. Only Ginny and Neville are sitting in our spots and I join them. “Where are Harry and Ron?” I ask curiously. “Don’t know,” answers Neville. “Saw them last in the Three Broomsticks, but they seemed like they were in an argument.” “What?” I ask shocked. “About what?” “No idea, but that was hours ago.” I raise my eyebrows in confusion.  This must be about me, seeing as Ron didn’t want me there. I fill my plate with food, I am starving and I need to try out the spells this evening on the map. Best is to try it and hope they are not looking at the map.“How was your day, Ginny?” I ask. “Great!” she says happy. “I had the whole Quidditch field for myself and spent hours flying!” “I am glad for you!” I reply happily and munch on my food. “And you Neville? Did you buy that new Herbology book that was just released?” “You heard about that book?” he asks and starts to glow with happiness.  Why can’t Ron be like this?  “Yes! I thought about you the second I saw it, is it good?” I ask between bites. 
   The mashed potatoes are so good tonight and that chicken is just so juicy.  
“I haven’t started yet, but I will after dinner. I can let you know, if you want of course?” “I would love to know Neville. If you think it is good I need to pick up a copy myself,” I laugh. This dinner was the best I had in months. There was no tension in the air because Ron wasn’t there and I could actually enjoy the conversations with Ginny and Neville. The three of us walk together towards Gryffindor Tower and sit in the common room playing a few rounds of Exploding Snap. Neville retires to start reading his new book and I stretch and tell Ginny that I am going to bed. She is reading a Quidditch magazine and focussed on the new strategies, but waves goodbye. I close my curtains and throw up a few spells to block out the sound and light from within. It takes a few tries but I manage to do a spell that hides my whereabouts, right now it doesn’t look like much but my name just shimmered and slightly moves inside the dorm. I watch as the name of Lavender Brown comes into the room and my names start hovering above my bed. The real test comes when I hear the soft breaths of Lavender half an hour later. With a quick look at the map I see that the common room is empty and I can easily sneak out. While I walk in the hallway towards the Astronomy Tower I look at the map, and my name is still above the bed.  I did it! Hopefully the linking spell works, I can ask Sirius about it, just to be sure.   As I walk on the platform of the Astronomy Tower, clutching my sweater more securely around my body, I see Draco standing on the edge. I have seen him on the map, but it is always better to see him in person. “Hi,” I breathe and watch his tense shoulders slump.He turns around and looks at me. “Hi, are you alright?” I nod and hug him, his scent invites me closer. “I love you,” I tell him against his skin. “Even after this afternoon?” his voice is small, missing the normal bite. “Of course. I knew that you had to do it. Do you still love me? I did send Crabbe and Goyle to the infirmary.” “You did great, they were bragging that they would kick your ass if they got the chance. You showed them what you are made of, love. Did they hurt you?” He looks down at me and his silver eyes are slightly dilated. Realisation washes over me. “You are turned on by me fighting!” I exclaim. “Maybe a little, from what I could see it was very hot,” he laughs and nuzzles my hair. “I should admit that it felt good for a moment, I hope they are not too angry with me, I don’t want to get into trouble,” I admit and let my hand go through his hair. “They are scared shitless, and I love it,” he laughs again. His laugh is the best sound in the world. Before I know it we are watching the sun starting to rise and illuminating our naked bodies. We didn’t sleep, only talked and enjoyed each other's bodies, giving and receiving orgasms.  I walk towards my dorm for a quick nap, I want to arrive late for breakfast so I can sleep as much as possible. As soon as I shut my eyes, I am in the black void of sleep. My alarm wakes me and I get ready for a lazy sunday. Harry is sitting at the table, alone. I frown when I notice it. “Goodmorning, Harry. Everything okay?” I ask. The second he looks up I notice the black eye. “What happened!” I gasp shocked. He looks miserable. “Ron hit me, we had a fight,” he grits out. “Ron?!” I shake my head. “He would never hit you,” I think out loud. “Well after a few Butterbeers he would, apparently,” he sneers. My appetite is gone and I look around the Great Hall. It is very late for breakfast so not a lot of people left, but my eyes fall on Draco. Quickly I look back at Harry, he has gone back to staring at the table. I look back and he is still watching me, I frown and slightly shake my head. I don’t know what I am trying to say to him, but my anger is getting the better of me. My fingers twitch. 
   How dare Ron hit Harry?! He has lost his mind. He is going to regret it.  
“Hermione, it is okay,” Harry looks up at me and grabs my hand. “It is not okay, Harry!” I scream. “He is your best friend, they don’t hit each other!” “You are my best friend too,” he offers and smiles weakly. I shake my head in anger. “I am, but he...he... should always have your back. I don’t know what I did wrong that he is acting this way,” I let out in frustration. “He is paranoid, you never got angry at him before, and now you don’t stick up with it anymore.” I feel a slight twitch of unease as technically Ron is not wrong, just about the reason. “I don’t understand him anymore, I said sorry to him, but he kept being angry and spying on me,” I sigh sadly. “It is not your fault, he just has a crush on you and now you don’t seem interested in him,” he laughs softly. I roll my eyes. “It might be a crush, but he never tried to ask me on a date. Just think about Yule Ball. He thought of me as an afterthought. If he really has a crush on me, I would have been the first girl he thought of to ask. He didn’t even believe me when I already had a date. He even tried to ruin my night. That is not something you would do, you would never do anything like that towards Ginny,” I let out. Harry quickly looks around and tries to frown at me. “Nothing is going on with Ginny,” he whispers. “Not yet, just the way you both look at each other all the time and have the same hobbies. You both can talk hours about Quidditch,” I laugh. “You know people will ask about your eye, maybe you should see Madam Pomfrey,” I offer. “Sure, will you walk with me after breakfast? I can’t see very well, because I walked against a door when I came in.”“Of course, just let me eat a slice of bread.” I scan the hall again and find Draco talking with Professor Snape, both are not looking at me, but I have a feeling that it is about me. Maybe Draco is warning him about the anger he saw in me. He is right about that, actually. I can still feel the anger mixed with magic simmer just underneath my fingertips.  I finish my breakfast and walk around the table to help Harry stand, we walk in silence towards the infirmary. He looks up at me and frowns. “Are you okay?” I ask cautiously, standing ready to catch him if he faints or something. “Yes, but why do you have a hickey on your neck?” “I don’t have a hickey,” I laugh and think back. There was a lot of sucking and kissing each other and I didn’t check myself in the mirror this morning.I swallow and look anywhere but at Harry. “You know, I figured you were seeing someone,” he offers gently. “What do you mean?” I ask and look at him with flaming cheeks. “Well, I just have this feeling that you are sneaking around to see a boy and you don’t want people to know yet. Or you are scared what people will think. My guess is on Cedric,” he laughs. “I am not seeing Cedric,” I burst out laughing. “So you are seeing someone?” he grins. My mouth falls open and I try to give him a quick retort, but I don’t know what to say. “Yes, but I can’t tell you who it is. I want to figure it out myself without everyone giving their opinion,” I tell him honestly. “A Ravenclaw?” Harry tries to fish. “Maybe,” I laugh.  Madam Pomfrey helps Harry quickly and the black eye is vanishing already, she even removed the hickey from my neck.  Of course Harry thinks I am sneaking around with a Ravenclaw, how scandalous of me. I mentally roll my eyes at this. We are walking back towards the Great Hall to play Wizard Chess as Ron walks up. “Hermione,” he barks and I look up shocked. “Hello Ron,” I greet him cautiously. “I want to talk to you,” he says with clipped words. I nod and walk towards him. “Sure, what’s up?” I ask and push my magic down. The urge to hit him in the eye is making my whole hand shake. “We are done,” he snaps. I recoil by his words. “What do you mean, Ron?” “We are not friends anymore. I don’t know yet what is different, but you are hiding something and you are trying to corrupt Harry. You are setting him up against me!” “I am not!” I snap back. “I don’t know what your problem is, Ronald! But something is wrong with you!” and I hit him with my pointed finger in his chest for emphasis. “You hit Harry!” “He said nothing was going on with you. I have been telling him for months that you are not trustworthy, but he keeps defending you!” His voice is loud and attracts people. “I have done nothing wrong, Ron! You can’t handle me sticking up for myself. I bet you liked it when I let you talk shit about me and didn’t stand up for myself. Well I am done with that, Ronald!” I snarl at him. My fingers are twitching and I can feel my magic responding to my anger. “Don’t you dare, to hit Harry again. He is your friend and that is not a way to treat a friend,” I add and let a small threat simmer through. It is a hidden warning and I hope for his sake that he knows it. “How can you stand there and not see how crazy she is,” Ron shouts towards Harry. I step to the side, towards Ron’s line of sight. Harry responds before I can. “She is not the one shouting accusations,” he quips. I swallow as I see the hurt in Ron’s eyes and it gets squashed down with anger. “You should leave, Ron,” I demand. His eyes snap to mine and I don’t even recognize him anymore. My cheek starts to sting and I am stumbling towards the left. I look and see Ron stand with his hand in the air. “Did you just slap me,” I scream. There is nothing that I can do to hold the anger inside of me. It is one thing to hit Harry because he defends me, but it is another thing to hit me because of nothing. I straighten my back and push against his shoulder. “Leave!” I snarl. “How dare you hit your best friends!” “You are just a whore sneaking around the castle, don’t worry, I know you are seeing someone. Why else would you come back late to the dorm?” he asks and his eyes are daring me to day more. “Why do you care,” I seeth and put my hands on my hips. “I am not yours, I am not your property.” “So you admit it then? You are sneaking around for months. You lied to us. See Harry, she lied!” he yells excitedly. “I have known that, Ron, for months,” Harry retorts. “Since when do you lie? You told me you didn’t know if she was lying about something or sneaking around,” he growls. “It is her private life, he has the right to have some privacy. Not everything concerns you!” Harry yells back. I turn around to look at Harry and walk away with him, but Ron grabs my arm and pushes me against the wall and towers over me. “Who is it,” he hisses. The closeness of his body and the threatening atmosphere make me scared. I can’t get away and feel trapped. A feeling of being trapped and desperate in that cage grips me. My breath is getting hard and fast, my vision is blurring. “Ron,” I try weakly to shove him aside. “Let me go.” “Tell me first!” he demands. I push myself against the wall and try to get my breathing under control. “No,” I whisper. “TELL ME!” he roars, grabs my hair and smacks my head against the wall, hard. I let out a scream and my magic responds and sent him flying. All I can see is a wall of blue wisps dancing around us in a circle. “How...dare...you!” I scream as I feel the blood drip on my back. I raise my hand and see the wisps of magic dance around my fingers, hand, writs and all the way towards my elbow, on both sides. The circle is still working, nobody can enter it, only Ron and I are in it. Ron grabs his wand. “Stupefy!” he yells from the ground. With a wave of my hand a wandless and wordless shield is protecting me. “Avis,” I hiss and a flock of blueish white shimmering birds start to fly around me. “Oppugno,” I release the birds and they soar towards Ron. They just miss him, but it makes him scared and that is my true intent. I will not hurt him, just need to get him off my back. This is the only way. He gets back to his feet and I have to look up at him. A crowd has gathered around us, but I ignore everyone. “Petrificus Totalus,” he snarls. I block it with ease and without a wand. “Confringo” he shouts and aims at the wall just over my shoulder.The wall explodes and I get hit with pieces of stone. “Fuck!” I cry out as a big piece hits my shoulder and I hear it crack. He repeats his last spell, but this time on the ground and I can’t grab my wand or wave with my arm to protect myself. I get thrown against the broken wall and fall down. The world is turning around me as I try to stand. “This is what you deserve! Now tell me who he is!” Ron yells and I try to grab hold of anything to keep me steading. “No!” I manage to snap. He slaps me again, and nobody can do anything as my circle keeps them out. I try to end the spell, but I can’t focus anymore. “Tell me! You are lying to us, you are hiding something, You are not the same anymore,” he screams. 
   My head. Pain. What is happening?  
He points his wand in my face and I can vaguely hear the word, but I feel the pressure in my head grow. Immediately I let my magic protect my mind so he can’t see anything. I imagine thick and high walls around my brain. As I let go of a scream and fall to my knees, I push out all the magic I have and let it burst out. This time it breaks the circle and both Ron and I are hit by the force of it. My head hits the broken wall, and I see black spots. I can just make out a man dressed in long, thick black robes running towards me and picking me up. I scream as he does and in the process touch my shoulder. He moves me and the pain is subsiding. “Help me,” I whisper weakly.  I can barely hear his response, but I hear it nonetheless as darkness is claiming me. “Always.” The word hums through me and I let go of the struggle to stay awake and let the darkness surround me. 
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    Days have passed before I wake up. I want to sit up but something is holding me down. As I open my eyes and wince at the bright light I see the Headmaster next to me, hand on my left shoulder. “You gave us quite the scare, Miss Granger,” he speaks softly. “I...I don’t remember,” I say as I try to remember why and how I got here. “You and Mr. Weasley got into a fight,” he begins. “He hurt you and your magic tried to protect you, in your moment of weakness he tried to get inside of your mind. But you blocked him and your magic retaliated and it hit the both of you. You got hit on the head and knocked out.” I start to vaguely remember something, but it is just flashes of blue wisps. “Don’t force yourself. You need to rest for a couple of days more. Monday you can go back to school if you are up to it. No need to rush anything, Hermione.” I nod and feel my eyes slipping closed again.  Did he just call me… my name…?  The days pass slowly. Harry, Ginny and Neville all visit me, but they can’t stay long, because I need to rest and they have classes. They are all angry with Ron, he did hurt me in a very public way, but some people choose his side. Probably because they are scared of the magic I used. Apparently it was very powerful and people could actually feel its power. My first day back is draining, Harry helps me by carrying my bag and always sits next to me. Ron doesn’t even show up for most classes and when he does, he sits in the back. It is easy to spot the people who choose his side, they stay close to him and keep the largest possible distance between them and me. Lavender Brown has even asked for a different dorm, because of how scared she is of me. She even claimed I threatened her, but not a lot of people believed her. I haven’t even said a word to her. The Headmaster had rejected her and now she spends her nights in the common room whining about Ron. He got detention until the end of the year, and I didn’t get any detention. The Headmaster is of the opinion that I only defended myself and that doesn’t deserve a punishment. A big brown owl drops a letter in front of me during breakfast on friday. I recognise the handwriting, grab it and leave the Great Hall. As I rip open the letter I am walking further away from curious eyes.  
   I love you. I hate that I can’t do anything to help you.  

   Will you meet me tonight at the AT? 
 
   - D 
  My heart flutters and I hide the note. I probably need to burn it, but that is for later. This small note is the only thing that made me smile in the past week. My right shoulder is still sore and healing, but all other bruises are gone. I must have looked awful for the first few days, because all Harry could do was say sorry and that he should have helped me earlier.  In the evening I make my way towards the Astronomy Tower after I saw that Draco was already there. “Hermione!” he exclaims and pulls me in a hug. “I was so worried for you, I couldn’t help you, I didn’t want to give them a reason to truly doubt you if they saw if I helped you. All I did was get Snape and watch you get thrown around by that fucking Weasel,” he rushes. “It’s okay, Draco. Just hug me and help me forget,” I whisper. Everyday more images come back and everytime Ron somewhere I cringe and want to walk a different way. I hate that he is not technically wrong, I am on the wrong side of the coming war, but I still care about him and Harry. Everything I have done is for Harry, to protect him. “Will you just sit with me?” Draco asks softly. I nod and he leads me towards the edge, I never sit down on it, I slip my legs under the fence and let my arms rest on a wire. Draco does the same. It feels weird to let my legs just hang in the air and stare straight ahead of me, only seeing sky. “I missed you,” I say into the silence. “I missed you too,” he responds. “The Dark Lord wants you at the Manor this summer, he thinks it will be too dangerous to be anywhere else.” “I figured that I would spend my summer there, I don’t really have anywhere else to go,” I admit. “Don’t you want to go home?” he asks and grabs my hand. “With my Muggle parents and make them a target? I can’t do that to them,” I sigh sadly. He nods and we don’t speak anymore for the rest of the evening, watching the sun set.  Days turn into weeks and eventually the exams are starting. I spent every free minute I had studying and in the nights I would be with Draco on the Astronomy Tower. He is still the best solution to the anger. Ron hasn’t changed and only a few people are still supporting him in his anger. Most people are over it, there is no action anymore, we just ignore each other. Only Lavender stays glued to his side.Sirius did send multiple letters, but I have no news for him, so it is safer to limit our contact. I miss seeing Achilles waiting somewhere for me. Even if Ron doesn’t have access to the Marauders map, I still disillusion myself when I meet Draco. This would not be the right moment for Harry to find out about that. For the first time he is actually studying with me and his grades are going up. I help him with preparing for the last task. We both are very successful in our grades, I manage to get top of the class in every subject. The only thing left for this school year is the final Triwizard task. I tried to prepare him as well as I could. He might really have a chance of winning this thing. There hasn’t been any news on You-Know-Who and I know he is planning something, but I don’t know what.  I am sitting in the stands with Neville and Ginny beside me. Harry is about to enter the maze and we cheer him on. We can’t see anything that happens in the maze, but every now and then red colored sparks get shot up in the sky. The first one back is Fleur Delacour and she is taken away with her large Headmistress. A next set of red sparks light up the sky and Viktor Krum gets blown out of the maze. He is quickly surrounded by schoolmates and his Headmaster. I think I see him looking around in confusion, but I can’t be sure. It is only Harry and Cedric in the maze left. One of them will find the cup and win the Triwizard Tournament. I cheer for Harry, together with Ginny and Neville. We are all wearing our house colors in every piece of our clothing. It takes a very long time for anything to happen, but when it happens, everything happens all at once. The first thing I hear is Harry screaming. I ran towards him and Cedric and kneel beside him. “What’s wrong Harry?” I ask as I look downward to Cedric I gasp and stumble.  He’s dead! Cedric is dead!  I try to pull Harry away from the body, but he struggles. The headmaster is running towards us and crouches beside us. I offer him some more room and step back with my hand over my mouth. People are not noticing the still body on the ground. They are not noticing that Cedric Diggory is dead and that something awful has happened in that maze. I feel bile rising in my throat and search the stands for Draco. He is already watching me, with confusion. The music dies down and people slowly stop clapping. Harry’s next words are creating complete silence, but it keeps ringing in my head. “He’s back. He’s back. Lord Voldemort is back!” I stagger a step backwards. “Cedric asked me to take his body back. I couldn’t leave him,” Harry cries. 
   No, no, no, this can’t be happening.  
“It’s alright, Harry. It’s alright,” the Headmaster comforts him and tries to pull him away from the body. I watch down on them, with my hand covering my mouth and tears in my eyes. 
   Cedric did nothing wrong, he wouldn’t hurt anyone.  
His eyes are staring to the sky, but they are glassy. My heart breaks even more as the shock of the reality travels through the crowd and the voice of Cedric’s father bellows above anyone else. “Let me through,” as he pushes his way to the center. “That’s my son! That’s my boy!” he yells as he watches over Cedric. 
   I am going to be sick. I can’t do this. I can’t watch how people are getting killed for nothing. I can’t. I am not strong enough!  
He falls to the ground and grabs onto Cedric while crying. “That’s my boy!” I reach for Harry out of instinct, I need to know if he is okay, that he is alive. Before I can grab on to him, Professor Moody takes him away.  After that everything goes very quickly. We all get escorted back to the common rooms and need to wait for further instructions. It takes hours before we hear some news. Harry won’t be coming back to the common room, after that news people start to go to bed. I sit in a big chair in front of the fire, staring at it. Ron sits on the couch, but we don’t say a word to each other. I look up as I hear the portrait hole opening and see that the night sky is getting lighter. As I look around to see who just emerged from the whole I find Professor McGonagall waiting. “Miss Granger, you need to come with me. It is important.” I nod and stand stiffly. We walk in silence towards the office of the Headmaster, I enter first. I quickly scan the room, but there are only a few people. “Miss Granger, please sit down. Minerva, you can go,” the Headmaster speaks. I sit down in the chair in front of the desk. Professor Snape is standing on my left. Both are looking at me. “Did you know what would happen tonight?” the Headmaster asks. “No sir, I did not. I… I… don’t even understand how it happened.” “The cup was a portkey,” explains Professor Snape. “Do you know how to make Polyjuice Potion?” the Headmaster follows up. “Yes sir, I do,” I admit. “But I haven’t made it since second year, sir,” I admit honestly. “Did you know that Alastor Moody was a fake?” The Headmaster doesn’t even look shocked to learn that I know how to make that potion or that I even did make it. “No, sir, I did not. Was he Polyjuiced?” I ask carefully and watch the expressions of both men. “He was, it was Barty Crouch Jr. A known Death Eater from the first war, very loyal to You-Know-Who,” explains the Headmaster. I can’t even think about it anymore. “I want out,” I breathe. “I am not strong enough to do this. To see people die,” I whisper. “Hermione,” Professor Snape begins and I frown at his use of my first name. “You can’t get out anymore, that would be your death.” “How can I survive and not lose myself?” I ask and feel tears well up. I notice a look between the men that I can’t figure out. The Headmaster sighs and lays a hand on my shoulder. “In order to survive you have to let go of your Gryffindor bravery. Just do as asked and push your emotions down, bury them. I won’t lie to you and tell you it will be easy, I honestly think you will have the hardest part in the coming war. Don’t forget that you are strong and you are part of The Order Of The Phoenix. If your life is in danger, we will pull you out, we will hide you until the war is over.” I nod and feel numbness spread through me.  There is no way out. I picked my faith and it will be my death. I feel the truth of my thoughts settle in.“We need to go to an Order meeting,” the Headmaster says. “After that you will go with Severus and after two days you will join the Malfoys at the manor.” I nod again and stand, ready to walk toward the fireplace. They join me and Professor Snape leaves first. The Headmaster lets his hand rest on my shoulder and I look up. The emptiness I feel inside of me is only doubling in size when I look at him. “You are a brave witch and I am sorry that you are so involved in everything. I will always be thinking about different outcomes and how I could have protected you.” “Thank you, Headmaster. I expected everything to change, just didn’t expect it to already happen.” “Grimmauld Place,” I say as I let the Floo Powder fall in the flames.  Nobody is waiting for me in the drawing room, but I hear the commotion in the kitchen. I walk towards it and the second I show my face in the doorway, Molly is in front of me, fuming. “Because of you a young innocent boy is dead,” she snarls and slaps me across the cheek. I am taken aback by it and lift my hand towards my cheek, my mouth dropping open in shock. “How dare you, Molly,” burst out Sirius. “She’s a child! She did nothing wrong, she didn’t know. Just like Snivellus didn’t know!” Molly storms out of the room and shoves past me. My cheek starts stinging, I can feel the handprint. She hit me. She...Fucking...Hit...Me. What the actual...  Sirius arms wrap around me and all I can do is whisper in his chest that I didn’t know. Even if I want to cry, the tears don’t fall, I am overwhelmed with shock. The moment the Headmaster arrives, Sirius takes my hand and sits next to me. Everyone takes a seat and Remus sits down on the other side, grabbing my other hand, all four hands are laying on my lap.  I listen to the new plans that are made. Everyone who is available will be guarding Harry over the summer. If the situation changes he will be brought to the Burrow and spend the rest of the summer there. “Hermione will leave with Severus, spending a few days away and after that they both will join the others at Malfoy Manor. Things are going to change and it is important to remember that they both are part of The Order and risking their lives. I will not tolerate any opinions on their situations. Everybody does what he or she must do for the greater good. I will talk to Molly,” he offers me and I can only nod, still feeling the burning handprint on my left cheek. “Everyone is dismissed,” he ends. “We won’t be able to write,” Sirius tells me. “I know, I figured as much from the beginning,” I respond and stare at the table, the numbness is growing inside of me.“Hermione,” Remus begins. “If anything happens to you,” he adds but stops himself. He knows that he can’t do anything this summer to help me. Everyone in this room knows it. I am on my own this summer and I need to survive it. “I’ll be fine,” I smile sadly at both men. “I’ll be just fine,” I try again with more conviction, but it doesn’t work. It just sounds like a weak way to downplay the situation. I stand and Remus pulls me in for a hug. It feels weird, hugging my former Professor. A lot of lines have blurred over the last five months. Sirius is not just Harry’s godfather, but also my friend. Severus Snape has seen me at the worst moments of my life and Remus Lupin is hugging me tightly. The mother of my former best friend slapped me and the Headmaster is sorry for ruining my life. If this is not a fucked up way to start my summer, I don’t know what is. After a short hug from Sirius I walk over to Professor Snape. I can’t look up to him and just follow him towards the fireplace. “You need to side-along with me, otherwise the wards will not let you in,” he speaks softly. “Of course, Professor,” I respond and hold on to his offered arm. We step in the fire as he calls out: “Spinner's End.” 
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  We step into a dark room and with a flick of his wand, multiple candles light up. The room is small and littered with books. 

  “Your trunk should be in the guest room, I will show you,” Professor Snape breaks the tense silence. 

  I nod and walk behind him. The whole house is small, but I guess you don’t need much if you mostly live at Hogwarts. There are no pictures on display or anything, just furniture. The guest room is the same, just a single bed, a wooden chair, small desk and a dresser. Everything is in shades of grey. 
  
    His house is as boring as his clothing.
  
   

  My trunk is sitting at the end of the bed, I am glad I packed everything before the final task. Maybe I expected something to go wrong and prepared for it. 
  
    How is Harry doing? 
  

  “Do you want a cup of tea?” Professor Snape asks. 

  I look up at him, his face is a mask, I have no idea what he is thinking. 

  “Can I change first and freshen up?” I ask softly, looking down at my happy red and yellow colors and remembering the stripes of makeup on my face. 

  “Of course, the bathroom is across the hall. I will lay out a towel for you,” he offers and walks away. 

  I open my trunk and grab a pair of lounge clothes out of it. A soft pair of joggers and a matching sweater, both in a light grey. 
  
    Oxford University
  
   is written in bold letters across the front of the sweater, when I bought it I thought it was funny. It was my dream school and I always thought I would study there, but then it turned out I am a witch and I got to go to Hogwarts. 

  Still I bought this set, just because I always imagined myself studying in the late evenings wearing this. I wear the sweater a lot on the weekends and it brings me a lot of comfort. 

  I grab my toiletries and walk towards the bathroom. A large dark grey towel is laying on the sink. 
  
    This is so weird. How could I ever imagine that I would be taking a shower at Professor Snape’s house! 
  
   

  I ignore my own thoughts, start undressing and fold my clothes. The shower is cold and I wash my body quickly until the water runs clear. As I am drying off I wonder if I can use magic, I should ask about that. 

  I return to the guest room and hang the towel over the chair to dry. My hair is still damp and makes it hang more straight, it is getting very long, but I like my hair long. The longer it is, the better it looks, the curls are more defined and not as frizzy.
 
  As I walk back to the living room I look around, but I can’t spot a personalized touch to the house, beside all the books. In the living room the professor is sitting in a large chair next to the fire, reading through a book. A cup of tea is steaming on a small table next to him. 

  “How do you like your tea?” he asks. 

  “Just one sugar,” I answer as I look over all the books in the bookcase.

  I hear some rustling behind me and the rattling of a cup. “If you see something you like you can read it,” he offers. 

  “Oh,” I respond surprised. “Thank you, professor.” 

  “Please call me Severus or just Snape here, I don’t mind. We are not at school,” he says softly. 

  I turn around to look at him and nod. He is watching me and probably waiting for a response. 

  “Please use Hermione or insufferable-know-it-all,” I quip with a small laugh.

  
    Another Professor I am allowed to call by their first name. 
  

  He chuckles and I return to look at the books. “You have a lot of books, both Muggle and wizard,” I muse outloud. 

  “I’m Half Blood,” he responds as an explanation. 

  “You have Shakespear books,” I note. “I like his books. My parents named me after Hermione from a Winter’s Tale,” I let him know as I spot the book. 

  “Ah, clever,” he says. 

  “I don’t have a lot in common with that character, but I like the idea that they came up with a name from a book and that I love to read so much. What is your favourite book?” I ask him, avoiding saying his name. 

  “I like reading about spells, so I don’t have a particular favourite. I have noticed that you like spells too, seeing as you started to do wandless magic,” he speaks softly. 

  “Yes I do, I like the complexity of spells and wandless magic seems to be useful at some times,” I counter him. 

  “Can I make a suggestion?” he asks as he stands next to me. 

  I nod and watch his gaze slide over the books. Eventually he pulls out a thick leather bound one and hands it to me. 

  “It is a difficult book, but I found it very interesting. If you have questions, you can always ask me.” 

  I smile and take the book from him, I look around the room and spot the couch. As I curl my feet underneath me and place the book on my knee, I dare to ask the question. 

  “Can I use magic?” 

  He looks surprised by my question. “Yes, you can. You are with me and there are no Muggles around. The Ministry won’t mind the usage of magic.” 

  I nod and with a wave of my hand I levitate the cup of tea towards me, grab hold and sip. When I let go of it the cup keeps hovering next to me. Severus gives me a small smile and we fall in a comfortable silence, both reading. 

  The book is amazing, it is not only filled with spells, but also with the explanation of how the spell is created. Some spells are more simple than I anticipated and some are more difficult. This book would have helped me a lot when I was working on the Marauders Map. Even as my eyelids get heavy, I don’t want to stop reading and I even forget that Severus is in the room as my eyes fall closed. 

  So many nights I have spent in the common room, reading in front of the fire and falling asleep. It feels safe and I feel the same right now. 

  Something creeks behind me and I wake up. “Harry?” I ask drowsy. 

  “No,” the deep voice of Severus answers. “I didn’t want to wake you.” 

  I sit straight and look around, the fire is still burning, but the room is not the Gryffindor common room. “I’m sorry, I should go to bed,” I say and quickly stand up. 

  “Don’t worry, I fall asleep while reading often enough. No harm done.” 

  
    Why is he sharing such details with me? 
  
  It makes him look so nice. 

  “It honestly felt like I was in the Gryffindor common room and Harry just came back from doing something stupid,” I laugh as I walk past. “Goodnight... Severus.” 
 
  I quickly escape to the guest room and slip into the bed. The moonlight shines through a small window and I observe it. Suddenly something moves in the darkest corner and bright yellow eyes open. 

  “Achilles!” I breathe and get out of bed to open the window. 

  With a soft hoot he jumps on my arm. I notice the small note attached to his leg. 
 
  
    Dear D’Artagnan, 
  

  
    I know this will be the last letter I can send to you for a long time, but I still wanted you to know that if something happens, I am here for you. 
  

  
    Please keep Achilles. He is a gift, I bought him just for you. Let him keep you company on the days that you will feel so lonely. Let him comfort you on the hardest day. You can tell him your secrets, he won’t say a hoot to anyone about it, the best secret keeper you can have. He is a good bird and when you are able again, please use him to send a letter back to me. I know he helped me a lot the past months. 
  

  
    Love, 
  

  
    Padfoot 
  
 
  Tears burn in my eyes. “Are you really mine?” I ask the owl. 

  He hoots softly and sits on my shoulder, nuzzling in my hair. “You know a boy told me multiple times that my hair looked like a bird's nest,” I laugh softly. “You are such a good boy.” 

  I scratch his head. “I should learn about keeping an owl,” I tell him. “You are such a pretty boy, my pretty boy,” I coo. 

  I walk back to the bed and let Achilles sit on the wooden headboard. The owl wiggles and closes his eyes. I let myself relax a bit more and with the letter from Sirius in my hand, I fall asleep. 
 
  When I wake, I search for Achilles immediately, he is still sitting on the headboard watching me. 

  “Hi, pretty boy,” I whisper and he lets out a soft hoot. 

  I get out of bed and change to jeans and a shirt, Achilles perches on my shoulder as I walk out of the room. Severus is in the kitchen, stirring in his tea and reading the Daily Prophet. 

  “Goodmorning,” I say as I keep waiting in the doorframe. 

  “Goodmorning, Hermione,” he greets and looks up. “Since when do you have an owl?”

  “Sirius sent him last night, he was waiting for me. Apparently Sirius bought him for me. His name is Achilles,” I respond softly and scratch the owl. 

  “He is beautiful,” Severus says as he stands and walks closer. “I have never seen a Great Horned in fully black feathers.” 

  “Me neither, but I don’t have any supplies for him. Do you think I can go to Diagon Alley to get some?” 

  “I can go for you, it is too dangerous for you to leave,” he responds curtly. 

  “Dangerous? Why?” I ask with a frown. 

  “The Dark Lord wants you at Malfoy Manor, if something would happen to you, I am responsible for it. People are panicking over the death of Mr. Diggory, we can not take risks with you.” 

  “Okay, could you please get me a cage, some food for him and anything else that he might need. I haven’t done research yet. Do you think I can even keep him at the Manor?” I realise suddenly. 

  “Yes, but you won’t be able to send letters during the summer. He is still a pet, so there won’t be a problem with it.” 

  I nod relieved. “Is there anything in the paper about the Triwizard Tournament?” 

  He hands me a second Daily Prophet, I quickly scan the front page and a huge picture from Cedric is on it. It has been taken recently, he is wearing his Hufflepuff house colored shirt. 
  
    So young. It is unfair.
  
   The article reveals no new information, they don’t repeat Harry’s statement that You-Know-Who is back. 

  Severus pours a cup of tea and adds the sugar cube for me. I let the tingle of magic touch my fingertips and make a stirring motion. The little spoons start to stir the sugar through the tea. 

  “How are you able to be so good with wandless magic?” Severus questions. 

  I look up from the paper. “I can feel the magic in my body very well lately. After the torture I became more aware of it. I have always been good at focussing my thoughts, so with practice I learned movements that match the way my magic flows for the best possible outcome of the spell.” 

  “That is quite advanced for your age. Even adults have problems with that. You could even throw up a very strong shield with it.” 

  “I did, but I guess that was more to do with luck and anger. Not just the focus and practice,” I shrug. 

  “May I ask you something about your magic?” he stares at me with the smallest hint of curiosity in his eyes. 

  “Of course,” I respond and tilt my head slightly, leaning against Achilles. 

  He notices. “How is it possible that sometimes your magic becomes visible? I have noticed a few times right now. Sometimes when you get angry, it looks like lightning around your fingers.” 

  “Not a lot of people notice that,” I comment, Harry has never asked about it or even looked at it. “To answer you, I don’t know but it doesn’t feel like lightning to me, more like swirls that dance around me. I can keep it in me, but when my emotions get out of control it feels like I am overflowing and it needs to find a way out. When the pain becomes unbearable it explodes out of me. When I got angry at Ron it grabbed onto the ceiling and made it rain. In the fight it helped me to protect myself. I didn’t have to think twice about it, it just did.” 

  He remains silent and observes me a bit longer. “Can you let it show without your emotions losing control?” 

  “I never tried, but I could practice,” I offer. 

  “I think it would be better if you kept it in. If you learned to not show it, but still use it. The Dark Lord is drawn to power and it would be best for you to remain with your peers.” 

  “You think he would actually favour me above a Pureblood?” I gasp perplexed. 

  “He is a Halfblood himself and he loves power. That is the reason you’re part of the ranks. You shocked him with your power that last night, together with your top marks in your classes you could be an asset to him.” 

  “If I’m not an asset he will just kill me, very slowly,” I shrug, it’s not something I have not thought about already. “How can I play this game correctly?” 

  His eyebrow lifts. “First of all, don’t see it as a game. I think you will not like my answer.”

  “Just tell me. You know how I am, how did you put it again? An insufferable know it all,” I laugh sarcastically. 

  “Let yourself go, Hermione,” he starts softly. “Things will only get worse if you don’t. This summer will be filled with training you to eventually become a Death Eater.” 

  “He wants to mark us already?” I gasp. 

  “No, not until you are of age.” 

  Relief floods over me. “Did it hurt?” 

  “Yes,” he answers quickly and I watch him unbutton his left sleeve. 

  My mouth drops open as the black skull with the snake becomes visible. I step towards him and gently let my finger touch it. Nothing happens, I don’t even know what I expected. The mark is slightly raised above the other skin. Little silver scars litter his skin, it starts on his fingers, probably from cutting ingredients for potions. I guess that the other scars are from the war, they are slightly larger and run in different directions. His skin is pale and the scars are not noticeable. 
 
  I am amazed that he lets me watch him this closely. Maybe he has been quite lonely and just wanted someone to talk to. He and I are kind of the same, both spies in the war, like to read and learn. 

  “Why do you hate me at school, yet let me in your house, take care of me. You told the Dark Lord that I was smart, that must have helped some in his decision. When you found me in a panic attack you brought me to the Headmaster, helped me to get in the Order. Yet from the first day in class, you ignored me or were mean to me.” 

  “I don’t hate you,” he starts off. “You are brilliant, I saw it from the second you walked in the Great Hall.” 

  I recoil and let go of his arm. “What?” I blurt out. 

  “You were the only student who didn’t look up at the ceiling for a long time, because you knew about the enchantments on it. You looked around at the different houses, observing the students. I watched you, the first house you crossed off was Slytherin, the second Hufflepuff, maybe you wanted Ravenclaw but you are too brave for it so it had to be Gryffindor. Why did the Sorting Hat stall for you?” 

  A laugh escapes my lips. “Do you really want to know?” 

  “Yes, I don’t understand it.” 

  “The Sorting Hat wanted to sort me into Slytherin, but I declined. I just saw how the Slytherins acted towards other students and I didn’t want to be a part of that. He told me it was in my blood and I would do great things for the house, but I couldn’t. I threatened to burn the Sorting Hat if he placed me there. So we came to an agreement to add me to Gryffindor,” I snort. “I guess somewhere in my family there might be a witch or wizard, seeing as he talked about blood or he meant it metaphorically, I have no idea.” 

  “Slytherin?” he breathes. 

  I nod laughing. “I guess he was kind of right, I have a feeling that the summer will change me. Two weeks at Malfoy Manor changed me, what will two months do?” I muse. 

  “You would have been a lovely student for Slytherin,” he nods more to himself. 

  “Do you really think I would have helped the house?” I question him. 

  “I think you would have developed more. You know that I am not Mr. Potter or Mr. Weasley's biggest fan, but when I look at you in class, I see that they hold you back. It is clear that you do their homework mostly or they copy from you. Slytherin is definitely different, they are focussed on achieving high marks and preparing for their future.” 

  “Yet, I have beat them all,” I laugh. “Even Draco in potions, but I guess that was a close one.” 

  “It was, you just have a tad bit more feeling for it. He can be very precise, but you need to watch a potion closely and act accordingly.” 

  “Will you be teaching us new spells this summer?” I ask. 

  “Yes, I will help again but there will be more physical training.” 

  Suddenly Achilles nips my ear. “Au, why did you do that,” I scold him and at that moment I hear my own stomach growl. “Sorry, do you have some meat maybe?” I ask Severus. 

  “I hope that will be for the owl and you take a proper breakfast?” he suggests and looks through the fridge. “What do you want?” 

  “An apple is good,” I respond. 

  “And?” he draws out. 

  “Just an apple is good, I don’t have a huge appetite anymore,” I lie, to be honest I hate eating alone when the other doesn’t eat. 

  He places a plate in front of me and a glass of pumpkin juice. “You need to eat and just an apple is not enough.” 

  I am shocked into silence by his attentiveness. He toasts a slice of bread and places a jar of jam on the table. I spread the jam and take a bite. “Thank you,” I mumble after the first bite. Between bites I hand pieces of meat to Achilles. 
 
  After the toast I bite into an apple and watch Severus. His sleeve is buttoned up again and he is focused on the Daily Prophet. I finish my tea and pumpkin juice as I read more in the paper myself. There is nothing about Harry and I want to reach out to him. I want to know what is happening with him. 

  “Do you know where Harry is?” I ask eventually. 

  “With the Muggle Aunt and Uncle,” he answers shortly. 

  “They are awful to him, I wish I could do something for him,” I mumble more to myself. 

  Severus remains silent. Achilles drops to my lap and snuggles against me, I have always pictured myself reading in a chair with a cat on my lap, but an owl works just as well apparently. Absent-mindedly I scratch his head while I read more. 

  After I have finished the paper for the second time I picture the book I was reading last night. With a flick of my hand and a demanding Accio in my mind the book floats towards me. Severus watches with interest as I open up the book and let it hoover in front of me as I read. 

  “You really love magic,” he states. 

  “I do, I didn’t grow up with it. There are moments that I remember when something weird would happen, but I never thought that I had magic. Until Professor McGonagall was sitting in the living room and explaining everything. She gave me Hogwarts: A History to prepare me for school. Gave us directions to Diagon Alley for supplies. The first time I touched a wand was amazing, as if something came alive, wind actually swirled around me, lifting my hair. It was magical. I read all my school books before we even started, I just wanted to start living that life. In the beginning I thought I would be homesick, but that feeling came when I left Hogwarts and the magical world behind for the holidays. Everything was boring and my parents didn't understand. It is frustrating to explain the simple things to them every time, so I don’t bother with that anymore,” I shrug, I notice that it is easy to talk to Severus.

  He is so different from how I had imagined him. “Was your favourite subject always Defence Against the Dark Arts?” I ask him. 

  “No, I have always liked making potions, it is relaxing. Currently I like Defence Against the Dark Arts more because you can teach more. I know people think it is because I am a Death Eater, but actually I like teaching about spells. It is a combination of your brain and your body. You even said it yourself, you need to find movements that flow with your kind of magic.” 

  “That actually makes a lot of sense. I don’t think I would be very good at teaching, I would probably just do it for the students, I am not that patient with explaining,” I note. 

  “What do you want to be in the future?” he asks curiously and leans a bit more forward. 

  “I wanted to be Minister of Magic, but I guess I already ruined my chances for that,” I laugh sadly to hide the actual pain of the truth. 

  “You don’t know that, you are part of the Order. After the war you will get a pardon and live your life,” he offers. 

  “I think you and I both know that is not how it actually will be. Not everyone will forgive me and trust me, that is not good for a Minister of Magic. Maybe I will look for a job at the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures,” I shrug and focus back on my book. 

  Severus stands and leaves the room. “Will you be okay if I leave for a few hours?” he calls from another room. 

  “Yes, I will be fine,” I call back and minutes later I hear the flare of the Floo activate. “We will be just fine,” I mumble to Achilles who is sleeping on my lap. 
 
  I stand up and hold Achilles against me, I want to sit on the couch and have some tea. When I look at the counter I notice a kettle and start to prepare tea the Muggle way. That is always the best way to do it, much more flavour. 

  With a cup of tea floating behind me, Achilles in my arms and in my other hand my book, I sit down on the couch. Again I curl my legs underneath me and lose myself in the book. Hours pass by without disruption, it almost feels normal to read in the living room of Severus Snape. 

  The Floo comes alive and Severus steps out with hands full of items. Immediately I spring up and grab some items from him. One of the items is a beautiful and huge birdcage for Achilles. It is made from black steel, it is adorned with royal looking swirls and even has a plaquette with his name engraved on it. 

  “Severus, this is beautiful. You didn’t need to buy a cage like this!” I exclaim excitedly. 

  “An owl like that should always travel in style,” he laughs. 

  I am shocked with his laugh, it is soft and deep, like a calming wave. 

  “I have also brought food for him and some books for you to take with you this summer. Might give you some advantage to the others,” he winks. 

  “What have you done to my cranky Potions Professor?” I joke and get rewarded with a chuckle. 

  “I am not used to company in my house and if you would ever repeat these words at Hogwarts I will hex you, but I don’t mind it actually.” 

  He shocks me again with his kindness. “Same for me. I never expected you to be good company.” 

  The rest of the day we spend reading in the living room with a lot of tea and small questions between chapters of our books. I finish his recommendation and pick another book from his shelves and sit right back down. 

  The day after we have the same ritual, this time we have breakfast together. I let Achilles fly outside for a few hours and feed him when he comes back. The afternoon and evening is filled with reading. I finish another book and he gives me another recommendation. This one is about elemental power and how you can draw magic from it. Apparently each house has an element which they are closer to. 

  
    Gryffindor - Fire
  

  
    Slytherin - Water
  

  
    Ravenclaw - Air
  

  
    Hufflepuff - Earth
  

  Each witch and wizard can influence and pull magic from all the elements, but it is easier with the element of your house. To be able to wield the element you must have a great source of power and focus. Clearly I am not up to that standard yet, because I try to influence the fire of a candle, but nothing happens. It will be fun to experiment with over the summer when no one is looking. 

  Severus watches me practice my wandless magic some more, I even try to conjure a patronus but only a small white swirl leaves my palm. I try with my wand, but not much more luck. 

  “I will help you over the summer,” he offers and I smile in gratitude. 

  Tomorrow morning, before breakfast, Severus will drop me off at Malfoy Manor. My days of relaxing have come to an end. There is no news on Harry or on the news of the return of the Dark Lord. Nobody has even tried to reach out to me, they are all busy I guess. 
 
  The next morning comes too fast and I wake from the knocking on the door. 

  “Hermione, we must leave soon,” Severus calls through the door. 

  “Coming,” I call back and quickly change my clothing to more appropriate ones.  

  I wear a tight fitting pair of jeans, a loose fitting black shirt with a Muggle band print on it. They probably want to start training right after breakfast and the only other training items I have are leggings and tight tops. I shocked the Malfoys before with my choice of clothes, so this is a safer option. My wardrobe doesn’t consist of robes for every occasion and I won’t be changing that soon, just to please them. 

  I levitate my trunk behind me and Achilles is perched on my shoulder as I leave the bedroom. Severus is waiting in the living room. 

  “He must travel in his cage,” he notes. 

  Achilles immediately flies into the cage and waits for it to be closed. “He is really smart,” I laugh and latch the lock. “Do you think I can keep him in my room at the Manor?” I ask. 

  “I don’t think so, they have a few owls themself and he will probably be added to the group. They can’t use him, he is faithful to you, but he will be treated very well, they take good care of their owls.” 

  I feel a surge of anxiety hit me with the idea that he will not sit on my shoulder anymore. “It will be fine,” I mumble to myself and walk towards the fireplace, I grab the Floo powder and without thinking more about it I call out Malfoy Manor. 

  I step out of the fire and I am surprised to see Draco stand in front of me. “Hi,” I breathe. 

  He reaches for me and kisses me. The fire comes alive for a second time and I pull away quickly. “I missed you,” he whispers in my ear and kisses my cheek. 

  “I missed you too, how are you?” I ask and grab his hand. 

  “Everything is good, let's get you to the dining room,” he offers. 

  I turn around to see Severus nod towards me while holding Achilles’ cage. 

  “Where can I leave my owl?” I ask Draco as I take over the cage. 

  “Since when do you have an owl?” he frowns. 

  “I got him from a friend a few days ago,” I respond quickly. 

  “The elves will take him, just leave him with your trunk.” 

  “Is there a way I can keep him in my room or that he is able to be with me at night?” I ask with a blush. 

  “I will show you the building for the owls later, he will be taken care of,” he tells me and caresses my cheek. 

  I nod. “I will see you soon, pretty boy,” I murmur to him as I set the cage down next to my trunk. 
 
  The soft hoot he lets out breaks my heart. Draco grabs my hand and Severus follows us to the dining room. As I expected Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy are sitting in the same place as before. We sit in the same manner as last time. 

  “Goodmorning, my Lord,” I greet him before I sit down. 

  The Dark Lord watches me as I sit down to his left. 

  “Goodmorning, Miss Granger,” he greets me. 

  A coffee appears before me and pulls my eyes away from the Dark Lord. 

  “How was your time back at school?” he asks. 

  “Very good, my Lord. I might have something that interests you,” I offer him. 

  I decide not to wait with showing him the map, it is best to just let him know so I am at least showing progress to him. 

  “Show me,” he demands. 

  I conjure the map and open it for him to see. “Sanctimonia Vincet Semper,” I say and the map comes alive. “I have made a map of Hogwarts, showing where everybody is. This way we can keep an eye on people and spy on someone if necessary,” I explain. 

  Everybody at the table is looking at the map, eyes drawn to Albus Dumbledore pacing in his office. 

  “Does it show every student?” the Dark Lord asks. 

  “Yes, my Lord. Everybody who enters the ground is recognized. I only finished it last week and tested it at the Triwizard Tournament. You can even highlight a person, so you can easily follow him in a crowd.” 

  He is silent for a while as he keeps observing the map. “You have done well, I did not expect anything from you,” he tells me. 

  “Thank you, my Lord,” I respond and bow my head. 

  “I did hear you had a fight with a certain redhead,” he continues. 

  “I did, my Lord. He attacked me and I let him instead of fighting back. He is now separated from Harry.” 

  “Why did he even attack you?” 

  “The first day back I got angry at him and I neve did that before. He started to spy on me and didn’t trust me. Harry never lost faith in me and chose my side. Eventually Ron snapped and attacked me,” I tell him bluntly. 

  “I see,” he hisses and I look up to him. “Legilimens.” 

  He enters my mind and I focus on Ron, showing the Dark Lord every fight he and I had, followed by the large fight. Harry tells me he trusts me more and that Ron just has a crush on me. I end with a clear memory of a split Gryffindor, the evening I returned to the common room. 

  The Dark Lord leaves my mind and I struggle to catch my breath, but still look up at him. He seems pleased. 

  “You have done very well,” he reacts and with a snap of his fingers all plates are filled with food. 

  Before I can take a bite, I need a sip of coffee, the hot liquid burning a way to my stomach. The warmth spreads out as I straighten my back and begin my breakfast. We are excused from the table to prepare for the training. I even get permission to wear the Muggle workout clothes. 
 
  When I walk out of the room I see Draco wait next to his own door. He is wearing grey sweatpants and a green shirt. Together we walk out to the garden and start two hours of physical training. In the afternoon we are joined with the other Slytherins. We train in spells and dueling, by Severus. 

  Weeks fly by and I notice myself changing. In the beginning I got ignored by the other Slytherins, beside Draco. The evenings I mostly spend practicing my wandless magic. Each day that goes by I notice the changes within me. I don’t hold back anymore and train harder than anyone else. 

  The Dark Lord is pleased with the progress and has complimented me multiple times. Theo is the first other Slytherin to talk to me, quickly followed by Blaise and Astoria. Pansy doesn’t throw torture curses at me, so I see that as a positive development. I notice that I don’t think of Harry or Ron as often anymore. The Slytherins start to accept me more into their own group. 

  My physical body is also changing, I am putting on weight and muscles, I feel stronger and more in control than I have ever before and even my magic is getting stronger. 

  The relationship between Draco and me is growing even stronger, we spend each night together in the same bed. Waking up next to him and clinging to his body as an orgasm rips to mine is the best way to start the day. 

  Sometimes I forget why I am here and just enjoy using my magic in dueling against the others. 

  Sadly my perfect summer gets ruined just three weeks before we are supposed to go back to school. We are sitting at the dinner table and the Dark Lord clears his throat. 

  “I am pleased with everyone's progress, from now on you will undergo a different kind of training. You need to be ready and if you please me, you will get rewarded.” 
 
  The next morning is different, as Draco and I walk into the dining room we are greeted with a table filled with the Slytherins. Our usual places are empty and we sit down, waiting for the Dark Lord to enter. 

  A wave of fear washes over me as he enters, followed by a levitating body. He sits down at the head of the table and the body is in the middle. 

  “Miss Granger, as you are used to standing on this table, you go first,” he says without further explanation. 

  “What do you want me to do, my Lord,” I ask as I stand. 

  “Torture him. This filthy Muggle was wandering in the woods nearby,” he says matter of factly. 

  I’m taken aback and look towards Severus for guidance, he gives me the smallest nod. I push down my emotions as I stand on the table. The Muggle is on his knees in front of me. He is a man in his mid thirties, tears are staining his cheeks and he is begging me. 

  “Please miss. Please let me go. Please. Please!” he begs. 

  “Silencio!” I sneer and slash my wand. 

  
    You must mean it. He wants you to use the torture curse. I can’t. I can’t. He is innocent! Look at him, he is still begging me. How can I torture an innocent person. It is a test and I am failing. If I don’t do it they are going to torture me. I can’t let that happen. I can’t save him. Sacrifices must be made. If I don’t do it, somebody else will. His life of mine. How can I even choose? I can’t. I can’t. I don’t want to die. I need to live. Harry needs me to live and survive this summer. Everybody in the order is counting on me. Severus has gone through this, I can do this. 
  

  “Crusio!” I yell and point my wand at the man's head. 

  He immediately starts to trash the table and I keep my focus on him. 
  
    He is just a man, they are going to kill him anyway. I don’t have a choice. I am sorry. I am so sorry. Fuck! 
  

  My mind is screaming but my face remains blank. I stop the curse and look back at the Dark Lord. 

  “Again. Without the silence,” he demands. 

  Wordlessly I lift the silencing spell and the room is filled with screaming and crying. 

  “Again,” repeats the Dark Lord. 

  I swallow and hit the man again with the torture curse. His screams burn a memory in my head, one I will never forget, I can’t forget. This is the day I lost my Gryffindor bravery. It was my choise to torture the man instead of recieving it myself. I can’t go through that kind of torture agian, I have just healed. 

  
    I am so sorry, I know how you are feeling, but this is for the greater good. I must do this, please understand. Please forgive me. I’m sorry. So sorry. 
  

  “Stop,” orders the Dark Lord and I lift the curse. 

  I am breathing hard and staring at the man. 
  
    This is how I have looked. 
  
  The man is laying on the table, still shaking, coughing up blood and his tears have turned red as blood vessels in his eyes have popped open. I feel sick looking at him. 

  “Young Malfoy, your turn,” the Dark Lord says. 

  As I step down I catch Draco’s eyes. They are filled with fear, but that is quickly hidden as he takes my place. I sit down and stare unseeing at the man on the table, I focus on my own mind and push down every emotion I feel coming up. Self hatred is the hardest to get down.
  
     I started this man’s death. I tortured him. When he dies he can only see my face. 
  

  I feel numb as I watch each Slytherin stand on the table and torture the man. After everybody had his turn, the Dark Lord kills him. It is the first time that I see the green jet of light leave a wand and see the man die. 

  
    He is dead. It is my fault. This is my punishment, I watched him die. I didn’t even try to save him. Godric Gryffindor has turned his back to me. I am a coward, I am not a Gryffindor, I’m not brave and I don’t have courage. Only yesterday I was feeling good about my new strengths, grateful for learning so many new skills. I actually forgot why I am training in the first place. They are training us to be killers and I am one step closer. 
  
 
  Each morning for two weeks we get presented with a new victim. Always Muggles, but they change in gender and age. Each day I feel myself withdraw more from my emotions. I am almost getting used to yelling the torture curse, quickly followed by the screams, I block it from my memory as it happens. 

  Every night I find comfort in Draco’s arms. That is the only moment I let myself feel all the pain I inflicted on the Muggle of the day. For a minute I let myself drown in it, and after that I push it away. 

  I lose myself in Draco, the kisses make me stop thinking and his body makes me feel good again. Ready to break myself all over again the next day. 

  It feels like a ritual, but it is getting easier and I notice the changes in the others. The teasing during training has stopped, everyone is more focussed. We get information on how to torture in different ways to extract information from the victims. They teach us where we can slice the skin open and how long it takes for somebody to die, which bones we can easily break and how to turn around organs for excruciating deaths. 

  The only thing we have not done is kill, each time, before the Muggle dies the Dark Lord lets us stop and watch, as he fires the Killing Curse. 

  
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Only four more days before we return to school. My trunk is already packed and I am not even looking forward to it. Too much has changed. I don’t know how I will face the other Gryffindors, knowing what I did this summer. They will figure it out, I feel almost numb, I have changed too much. 

  We are sitting at the table for breakfast, joined by the Slytherins. 

  “I have one last task for you this summer, Hermione,” the Dark Lord says to me. 

  “Yes, my Lord,” I answer obediently. 

  “Do you still have contact with your parents?” he asks. 

  His question takes me by surprise, but I don’t let it show. I have gotten good at that over the last few weeks, I have developed a neutral expression as a mask.

  “No, my Lord. Not since before Christmas last year.” 

  “I want to test your loyalty to me, to the cause. You are the only one with Muggle parents and I see how hard you worked this summer. I can see how much you have grown, maybe even stronger than some young Purebloods, definitely smarter than most,” he compliments. 

  “Thank you, my Lord.” 

  “I think you won’t even blink twice about this last special task for you, dear Hermione. I want to locate your parents and you will kill them.” 

  The words ring in my mind. The Gryffindor inside of me would beg and scream at him, but that part of me is gone. After the first time I tortured somebody it just left me completely. I am only driven by the will to survive and the fear of torture on myself. 

  “I will do anything for the cause, my Lord,” I respond with obedience. 

  A map of the United Kingdom is conjured and spread out on the table. The Dark Lord holds his hand up, waiting for me to place mine in his. Without waiting I lay my hand in his with the palm up. He raises his wand and slashes a cut into my palm. Blood starts to pool and the Dark Lord waits a few moments before turning my hand above the map. The blood falls to the map and a spell is whispered. 

  He lets go of my hand and while I watch the blood gather on the map, I run my fingers over the cut. Using wandless and wordless magic, I let myself heal, knitting the skin back together. This is not the first time I have done this, sometimes during the training in the afternoon I got hit with different hexes that left bruises or cuts. I would heal myself in view of everybody, Not hiding the fact that I have the power to do such things.

  Slowly the blood is moving over the map, not leaving a stain behind on the paper. It is moving closer to Hampstead and I can feel my heartbeat increasing. I frown as I watch the blood move past it. 

  “Maybe they have moved?” I offer quickly. “I have not contacted them, my Lord.” 

  His red eyes focus on me as he stops his spell and grabs me by the throat and pushes  inside of my mind. He is going fast, focussing on my parents but he doesn’t find anything new. Showing him that I am speaking the truth. The intrusion in my brain only takes minutes, but a headache is already pounding. 

  “The spell will show us where they are,” he snarls and shoves me back in the chair. 

  I gasp for air and can’t keep my eyes off the map as he restarts the spell. The blood is gliding over the map and doesn’t show signs of changing direction. It keeps moving even as it is off the map. Everybody is watching with curiosity. 

  
    There must be something wrong with the spell. They must be in the country, they never leave for a holiday this late in the summer. What if they have seen my silence as the opportunity to move to another country? I know they always wanted to live in Australia. 
  

  Before I can tell my suspicions to the Dark Lord, the blood drips off the table and catches fire. 

  “My Lord,” I begin, my voice barely a whisper. “Maybe we should get a map of the world, they might have moved. I don’t know. I didn’t have contact with them. I swear, my Lord,” I beg. 

  He doesn’t even respond to me, he just stares at the burning blood. “The spell worked,” he hisses suddenly. 

  “What do you mean, my Lord?” I ask for clarification because clearly the spell has not worked. 

  “Is there anything you want to tell us, Severus?” hisses the Dark Lord dangerously low. 

  I snap up my eyes to Severus, the blood is still dripping down the table, right in front of him. 

  “My Lord,” he whispers as he meets my eyes. “I can explain.” 

  “EXPLAIN!” roars the Dark Lord. 

  Everyone recoils by the force of his hand slamming down on the table. My brain can’t keep up with what is happening. 

  “One day, Dumbledore brought her to me,” Severus begins. “I didn’t know and I didn’t want her so I sent her to Muggles, hoping she would grow up far away from me.” 

  “Do you mean to tell me, Severus, that she is your daughter,” the Dark Lord hisses. 

  My mouth falls open. “That can’t be true!” I exclaim. 

  Both men look at me, slowly the Dark Lord returns his gaze on Severus. 

  “Is she your daughter?” he snarls. 

  Severus is watching me closely as he answers. “Yes.” 

  “Who is her mother? Witch or Muggle?” 

  “I don’t know who her mother is and I only slept with witches,” Severus responds. 

  I cover my mouth with my hand and look away. 
  
    I do not want to know this kind of information about him! This can’t be true. This must be a sick joke. Severus Snape is not my biological father, that is impossible! 
  

  The Dark Lord points his wand and hisses the torture curse. The curse hits Severus in the chest and he tries to breathe through the pain. A scream escapes my lips and I press my hand to my mouth, keeping more screams inside of me as I watch him get tortured. He lets a groan go and it is quickly followed by more. The curse is lifted and he grabs hold of him and dives in his mind. 

  I glance around the room and everybody is looking at Severus. A gasp warns me that the Dark Lord is back out. He quickly turns to me and points his wand at me. Fear grips me and I scramble to my feet. 

  “I didn’t know!” I yell. “My Lord, I…I didn’t know.” 

  He lowers his wand. “Tell her, Severus!” he shouts. 

  I stare at Severus as he catches his breath. “You are my daughter, I have known for almost 13 years.” 

  My whole body starts to shake. 
  
    NO! No. No. No! 
  
  My heart is thumping so hard that I am surprised that nobody notices it.
   

  “You are lying,” I snarl at him, my anger getting the better of me. 

  “Albus Dumbledore brought a two-year-old to me. I couldn’t take care of you and keep my job. So I decided to give you away, hoping you didn’t have any magic and never see you again.” 

  His words hurt, they are burning a hole inside of my chest. 

  “That is not true, you kept checking in on her,” sneers the Dark Lord. “You knew it was her the moment she walked in the Great Hall, you expected her.” 

  Severus remains silent. 

  “You let her live with the idea she was a filthy Mudblood, you watched her get tortured for weeks and you didn’t even try to help her,” he muses and is watching me. “You must be angry, Hermione.” 

  I can only nod, it is true. Anger is filling me, my magic swirling out of control. 
  
    The Sorting Hat said it, Slytherin was in my blood. He didn’t mean it as a metaphor, he meant it literally. 
  

  “I trusted you!” I bellow. “Years! You never even hinted at it. You were awful and ignored me!” 

  The magic around my fingers is sparking and there is nothing I can do to keep control of it. The Dark Lord lets his gaze drop to my hands and smiles. 

  “Punish him,” he offers. 
 
  I look expectantly at him and he nods. My gaze glides back to Severus, he also watches my hands as I raise my right one. With a silent command I force my way in his mind. I watch the memories of the first time he met me. 

  I am crying, my little face red and distraught. Dumbledore walks into the private quarters of Severus. He is frowning as he looks up. 

  “I don’t babysit,” he grumbles and barely looks at me. 

  “It is not called babysitting if you need to watch over your own daughter, Severus,” Dumbledore tells him. 

  This gets the full attention from Severus. “I think I would know if I was a father, Albus,” he sneers. 

  “Severus, you have a daughter, she lost her mother. She needs you, Severus.” Dumbledore holds me towards him and after a few minutes Severus takes me in his arms. The crying stops immediately as I look up at him. 

  “Lost her mother? What happened? Albus, what happened!” he shouts. 

  “I can’t tell you, but she is gone. Your daughter is alone, she needs a family.” 

  “I can’t take care of her. I can’t be a father. We must give her a chance at a normal life.” 

  “Send her away, let her grow up without magic. It is the safest option, nobody will know about her existence,” Dumbledore offers.

  “What is her name?” 

  “Hermione,” Dumbledore answers. 

  “Let her keep her first name, I have always liked it. Send her away, don’t talk to anyone about her. Don’t ask me about her, never mention her.” 

  “She has your hair color,” Dumbledore notes. 

  I shift my gaze to my toddler self and sure enough jet black curls spring from my head. 
 
  I pull myself back from his mind. “You make me sick,” I sneer at him. “How could you lie to me for all these years?”

  “How could I tell you?” he breathes. 

  I slam my hand down on the table. 
  
    Dumbledore told me to forgive, was he talking about this. Am I really angry about this? He did lie to me for my whole life, but he wanted me safe. It must have hurt him, or maybe not. He is my father. I am his daughter. We have things in common, I felt safe in his home. He must have his reasons. Being his daughter might save me in the Death Eater ranks. Maybe. I am a Half Blood… 
  

  I pull myself together, straighten my back and look down at him. “Well the good news is that I am not a Mudblood, but a Halfblood and I am very powerful.” 

  I raise my head more and look at the Dark Lord. “I still want to be here, fighting for the good cause, even more than before. How can I show my loyalty, my Lord?” I ask. 

  He smiles at me. It is a disgusting smile, but I return my own. 

  “You all can show me your loyalty tonight. We will celebrate that our ranks will grow at least by a few new faces,” he addresses the whole table. “Tonight you will accept the Dark Mark.” 

  My eyes fly towards Severus. 
  
    He told me I would only receive it when I was of age! I am only 15! 
  

  “Severus, stay behind. The others are dismissed,” the Dark Lord demands. 

  I keep staring at Severus for a few moments longer, before I spin on my heel and almost run out of the room. I rush up the stairs towards my room and start running to the toilet. Just as I let myself drop to my knees I puke up everything I ate. My mind is spinning. 
 
  A new wave of nassau hits me and I throw up more, tears are streaming down my face. 
  
    Everything has been a lie. Severus and Dumbledore have known all the time and didn’t tell me. Who is my mother, why didn’t they talk about her. My parents are not my parents, do they know I am adopted? Do they have their minds altered? My name, Severus, liked my name, and made sure I kept it. So my mother must have known him very well.  
  

  “Hermione?” I get pulled back to the present, Draco is sitting next to me, looking at me with concern. “Are you okay? How? I don’t understand how.” 

  I turn my head away from him and flush the toilet. “I don’t know, Draco. I wasn’t really in the right state of mind to ask questions,” I snap at him. 

  A layer of sweat is shining on my skin and I stand up to brush my teeth. My skin is pale and all I can do is search for similarities to Severus. My eyes and hair are still their normal color. 
  
    Do I have a glamour on me?
  
   I refuse to look any closer and instead I focus on Draco, who is standing behind me. 

  “I will be fine,” I sigh. “It was just not something I expected.” 

  He nods. “Who would even have thought? You don’t look like him, but you are smart. You told me your Muggle parents are smart too, both have a very difficult job for Muggles.” 

  “I never noticed that I was different from them,” I admit. “They always told me I am their daughter, but maybe they used magic on them to make them believe it? I don’t know. Draco, what do I need to do?” 

  I rinse my mouth and turn fully to him. 

  “I think the best thing we can do is not panic. He is probably getting punished for this right now.” 

  I wince at the thought of that. 

  “Tonight we all get the Dark Mark and I think the Dark Lord wants you to take over his place. Just like he will want me to take over from my father. We are young so it won’t happen just yet, but I think that is the goal.” 

  I nod. “Are you scared to get marked?” I whisper. 

  “Yes, I think it will hurt and maybe it will change us even more,” he admits softly. 

  “I will always love you,” I whisper against his lips. “Dark Magic can’t change that. Even if the world burns, I will always love you.” 

  “I would do anything for you. Go through hell for you,” he kisses me and I can feel his need for me. 

  My hands glide in his hair and I tug him even closer to me. “Make me forget the world and let me only think of you,” I whisper. 

  Without a second thought he pulls my shirt over my head, grabs my hips and picks me up. Before I can hook my legs around him, he walks over to the bed and throws me on it. I watch as he leans over me, grabs onto the waistband of my leggings and with one pull yanks them off. 

  “These should be illegal. Everytime I look at you I need to cast a Notice-Me-Not charm on my cock. If I could I would have shagged you on every piece of furniture this summer. Each time you walk by I want to spank that perfect little round arse of you,” he growls as he spreads my legs and kisses his way upwards. 

  “Draco!” I moan as he is taking his time. 

  “Patience, Love. Good things come to those who wait,” he murmurs between kisses. 

  “And I would come more if you hurry up,” I tell him as I buck my hips. 

  “So needy,” he tuts. 

  I growl and launch myself at him, I pull off his shirt and rip off his pants. The sight of his hard cock is too much and I grab him, my desperate need for release is controlling me. I straddle him and guide his cock to my entrance. 

  He holds my hips and we look at each other as I lower myself on him, his cock filling me completely. My head falls back as I am overwhelmed with the feeling. 

  “I need… I… need,” I moan. 

  Draco slides his hand up, over my chest to my neck. “What do you need?”  he asks softly as he keeps filling me slowly and holding my throat. 

  “Come. I need to come,” I whimper. 

  He squeezes a bit harder. “Have you deserved to come?” 

  “Yes!” I ground out as I buck against him. “Give it!” 

  I am so desperate for release, my emotions are overwhelming me and my magic is swirling inside of me. 

  He flips us around and starts pounding into me faster and harder, hitting the sensitive spot inside of me perfectly. Everytime it sends a little shock through my body, making me tense up more and more. My breathing is getting faster and shorter. I close my eyes, it feels like I am floating in heaven. 

  “Let it go,” Draco demands. “Come for me, come on my cock.” 

  I wrap my arms around his shoulders and dig my nails in his back, I arch my back and I come for him. The orgasm is ripping through my body, my skin is prickling. 

  “Your magic,” he gasps. “It is all around us.” 

  I open my eyes and see the swirls coiling around us. He caresses my cheek and we both gasp by the intense feeling, much more than normal. 
  
    How is the magic magnifying it?
  

  “Touch me,” I beg. 

  His hands move over my body and I do the same, all while he keeps moving inside of me. Pulling out and slamming back inside of me. 

  “Harder,” I moan. “Harder.” 

  He does as he kisses, sucks and bite on my neck. I start to clench around his hard cock and look him in the eyes. His eyes starting to glisten as he gets closer to his own release. 

  “If you come, I will come,” he promises. 

  He sucks on the pulse point, in the crease of my neck and shoulder. I feel his tongue move over his bite marks. 

  “Come,” he growls and gives the final push, his thumb circling around my clit. 

  I tense up, scratching his back as I pull him closer in me while he finds his release. My name is whispered like a prayer. 

  He rolls off me pulling me close to his body, peppering my shoulder with kisses. 
 
  I just start to drift off for a nap when I hear knocking. 
  “The Dark Lord summoned you, Hermione,” Theo calls through the door. 

  “Fuck,” I mutter. 

  “Can’t he wait a minute?” groans Draco. 

  I shake my head, stretch and get out of the bed, quickly I redress. Theo is leaning against the doorframe as I pull it open. 

  “Hope you at least did have an orgasm,” he laughs as he looks up at my frustrated glare. 

  “Was on my way to the third,” I lie, annoyed. “Is he in the dining room?” 

  He nods and together we walk downstairs. Before I can walk into the room Theo stops me. “If you need to talk, just talk,” he emphasizes and winks. “I think a lot of things will change after tonight, just know you can talk to me. Even at school, I know you like sneaking around.” 

  “How do you know that,” I laugh and roll my eyes. 

  “You might be subtle, but Draco isn’t. He runs out of the Dungeons every night to see you,” he laughs. “Wait.” 

  I frown and turn to him, he takes out his wand and aims at me. He whispers the contraceptive spell and I feel the heat spread through my body.
   

  “What the fuck, Theo,” I snap, shocked. 

  “Better safe than sorry. Thought you guys might have forgotten the events of the morning. We can’t have accidents happen right now.” 

  I feel ashamed for snapping at him, because he is right. We did not cast the spell. “Thank you, Theo. You can always talk to me as well,” I offer.
 
  I straighten my back, roll back my shoulders and walk straight into the room. The Dark Lord is sitting in his usual chair. 

  “Hermione, you can sit,” he offers and motions to the chair on his left. 

  I bow my head and thank him, I wait until he starts speaking. 

  “Severus has been punished, now we move on from it,” he says matter of factly. 

  “Of course, my Lord,” I agree, even if I don’t know how I should feel about it. 

  “I must say that I am glad that you are a Halfblood, it just makes everything easier.” 

  “I agree, my Lord. I am so glad to know that I have never really been a magic stealing Mudblood. It is a shock that Severus is my father, but he is better than a Muggle,” I answer to satisfy him. 

  “Having Severus as your father is not bad at all. He is one of my most loyal Death Eaters and I hope you follow him in that. That is why you are rewarded with your Mark tonight.” 

  “Thank you, my Lord.” 

  “Draco and Theodore will also get their marks, as for the others, they will have to wait. They don’t deserve it yet. You really changed this summer, for the better of course. I see how much you want this, your determination.” 

  “Thank you, my Lord. It pleases me to be recognised for my work.” 

  “Prepare for tonight, you are dismissed.” 

  I thank him again and quickly leave the room. 
  
    Shit, shit, shit. Only Theo, Draco and I are receiving the Mark tonight. We all did our work this summer.
  
   That would mean we did something good for him, which means we did bad things in the eyes of normal people.
  
     They really are going to put it on my arm. 
  
 
  I walk back up to my room, hoping that Draco is still there. As I walk in I am rewarded with the view of Draco walking out the bathroom, with only a towel wrapped around his waist. 

  “Oh fuck,” I moan as I see how low the towel is hanging. 

  I bite my lip and let my gaze wander over his body. 

  “I love that dirty mouth of yours, I guess I am a bad influence for you.” 

  “I don’t fucking care,” I smirk. “I enjoy your influence.” 

  He coughs and pulls my attention away from the towel, I look up. 

  “What did the Dark Lord want?”  he asks. 

  “Oh shit. I forgot. Ehm...Severus is punished, but that is not the big news. Only Theo, you and I are getting marked tonight, apparently the others have not deserved it yet.” 

  “That is weird. We all did the same training all summer. Why are we special, why give it so soon. My father said we only get it when we are of age.” 

  I snort. “Mine said the same,” and roll my eyes. 

  “Already making jokes about it, I see,” he laughs. 

  “Can’t cry about it, right. I actually spent some days with him before the summer and I liked it. We have a lot in common, now I understand it more. But I enjoyed it. He is nice,” I admit and feel no anger towards him. 

  “Today is a weird day,” Draco says with a sigh. 

  “You tell me,” I laugh and with a flick of my wrist his towel drops. “Oops,” I smirk. 

  He jumps at me and grabs me around my waist. “Do you want another orgasm, witch? Are you ever fully satisfied?” 

  “Never,” I giggle. 
 
  After dinner we are getting marked, apparently there is a whole secret ceremony around it. I guess it is not something like the Sorting Hat. 

  Narcissa told Draco to dress in his nicest dress robes, she even gave me a new dress and matching robe. 

  The black dress hugs my body in all the right places and ends just above my knees. It has sleeves decorated with silver swirls that stop above my elbow, the plunging neckline accentuates my breast. The dress is beautiful and made from the softest silk material, the black velvet robe is decorated with the same silver swirls on the shoulders as the dress has. On my feet I wear high heeled ankle boots, giving me more height and I stand up tall with my shoulders pushed back. 

  When I open my door and step outside I find Draco waiting for me. 
  
    Why does he look so good in dress robes, he should always wear them. Damn, I want to peel them off with my teeth. 
  

  “You are beautiful,” he whispers and kisses my cheek. 

  My hair is pulled out of my face, only a few curls are let loose around my face. The curls look like a waterfall on my back, maybe I should wear it more often like this. 

  “I am even wearing very high heels. It sure is a special night,” I say as my smile falters. 

  “We will be okay,” he promises me and holds out his arm. 

  I loop my arm through his and together we walk down the stairs. We are greeted by a lot of people waiting at the bottom. Every Death Eater, marked and unmarked, is watching us descend. 

  It kind of feels empowering, being on the arm of Draco Malfoy, both dressed up like we are going to Yule ball together and everybody is watching us. Theo is watching us and steps forward to join me on the other side. He also holds out his arm and I take it. The crowd parts for us as we walk through. 
  
    Every girl at Hogwarts would die if they saw me on the arm of the two most beautiful Slytherins. 
  

  The Dark Lord is watching us walk towards him. People create a big open circle. 

  “Today is a good day, three new people will join the inner circle, if they can finish their task,” the Dark Lord announces. 

  Whispers rise in the crowd. 

  “Young Draco Malfoy, step forward.” 

  I quickly squeeze his arm before I let him go. Theo and I step backwards. 

  “You all have to duel with one of the marked Death Eaters in order to prove your worth and earn the mark.” 

  
    What? Duel people who are double our age and have way more experience? How does he expect us to win? Or do we only need to show that we can hold it up for an amount of time? 
  

  Draco pulls out his wand and takes on a dueling stance. Walden Macnair steps forward and casts a spell. I watch as the spells fly over the distance, Draco is using shields and moving away to avoid getting hit. 

  After what must be more than fifteen minutes, the Dark Lord holds up his hand and both stop sending spells. “Draco has shown he is worthy.” 

  Draco bows and steps back to join me and Theo. My heart is beating faster as the Dark Lord looks at me. 

  “Theodore Nott, step forward.” 

  
    I am last…
  
   

  Theo duels against Goyle Senior and manages to hold up until the time is over. He bows and steps back. The Dark Lord's eyes are resting on me, before I step forward both my arms are getting squeezed. 

  “Hermione Snape, step forward.” 

  
    Fuck...they already changed my name. Desperate to cleanse me from the Muggles. Way to go to give me an identity crisis. 
  

  My eyes shoot to Severus for a moment, he is already watching me. I bow towards the Dark Lord and wait to see who my opponent will be. 

  “Remember, the only rule is not to kill anyone,” the Dark Lord smiles and I see a hint of amusement in his eyes. 

  
    He wants to see my power, he likes power. I can do anything, as long as nobody dies. 
  

  Corban Yaxley steps forward, looking happy to have the opportunity to duel me. 
  
    Go big or get hurt. 
  
  I let my inner darkness come forward. 

  “Crusio,” I yell and hit him in the chest on the first try. 

  He falls to the floor and starts shaking. I lift the curse to give him some opportunity and not completely embarrass himself. 

  “Expelliarmus!” he shouts. 

  I wave my hand and a powerful shield glitters in front of me. “Serpensortia,” I call out and a snake explodes from my wand. 

  Yaxley takes a few steps back as he fires multiple Incendios towards the snake. He is too focused on the snake to watch me, exactly what I figured. 

  “Avis,” I whisper and translucent blue birds start to fly around me. I quickly follow up with: “Oppugno,” as I slash my wand down. 

  The birds soar towards Yaxley and just as he looks up the birds hit him. I added a silent Diffindo to the birds. As they hit him, cuts form on his arms and chest, I watch as even the snake bites him. He screams in anguish and I can’t keep a smirk from forming. I remember him watching me get tortured, laughing at me, calling me names. 
  
    Look at us now! 
  
   

  I walk over to his bleeding body. 

  “You stupid bitch, you don’t deserve it! You are a whore and nothing more!” he snarls. 

  I point my wand at his chest. “I could do it, you know,” I begin. “You are lucky that I am not allowed to kill you. I remember everything you did while I endured my torture. I could return the favour,” I snarl at him. 

  He raises his wand and tries to aim, but he is shaking too much. I kick the wand from his hand as I call out: “Stupify.” 

  I hit him in the head and he falls limply to the ground, still bleeding from the cuts. 
  
    Don’t you ever say a word to me. I can be your worst nightmare, asshole. 
  

  I turn around and stand before the Dark Lord. Everyone is silent and watching us. 

  “Never underestimate you, that message is clear,” the Dark Lord praises and I bow low to him. “You are worthy of the mark. People can learn from you, young Snape.” 

  “Thank you, my Lord,” I say and step back. 

  
    Shit. Yaxley was supposed to be good at dueling. How did I even win against him? He was slow, but I just went for it. Showing my power and enjoying it. 
  
  I can still feel the darkness within myself pulsing with power. 

  Nobody pays attention to his body. A chair is placed in front of us and Draco is asked to sit and pull up his sleeve. His unblemished, pale skin becomes visible. This is the last time it will look like that. 
  
    Fuck. Is it too late for the Order to pull me out. Maybe Severus can help me hide?
  
   

  Lucius puts a hand on Draco’s shoulder and whispers something to him. He sits straight and I can see the tension in his jaw. 
  
    He is afraid of the pain and how the dark magic might influence us.
  
   

  The Dark Lord steps forward and places the tip of his wand against his skin. As he starts to whisper the incantation I can actually see the dark magic flow into Draco. Black veins start to run up his arm as the mark is taking shape. I can hear Draco hiss in pain as his father holds him down. The black veins spread to his next before the mark is complete and the incantation stops. As Lucius steps back, I can see the sweat beading on Draco’s forehead, his lips in a tight line and his clenched jaw. When he stands, he wobbles slightly but manages to bow and walk back to us. He doesn’t pull his sleeve down. 

  Theo is next and the process is the same, Theodore Senior holds him down and I can hear the heavy breathing from Theo as the Dark Mark starts to form. His arm is trembling as he stands up and bows. 

  I step forward, push the robe from my shoulders and let it fall to the ground. People whisper as they get a better look of the form fitting little black dress. I sit down and stretch my arm for the Dark Lord. A shock moves through me as a big hand falls on my shoulder. I look up and Severus is looking down at me, his expression unreadable, I return to look up at the Dark Lord. 

  
    I can do this. I can. I am Hermione, I am strong and I have a goal. I have never failed an assignment or a class. I get the highest grades and I love to read. I am strong. 
  

  The burning starts and I watch the black veins appear, but they don’t travel up my arm. I frown at the sight. 
  
    Why is it not moving? 
  
  The wand gets pushed against my skin harder and the burning intensifies. 

  
    Shit. Shit. Shit. What is wrong? Why is nothing happening? Is he going to figure out I don’t really want to join? Is my body refusing to give in? Maybe my magic is canceling out the Dark magic? Why? Why is it doing that? I need this. Please. I need to save Harry. I need this mark. Please accept it. 
  

  The burning is getting more intense and sweat starts to form on my head. As I look up again at the Dark Lord I see his anger. 

  “I don’t know what is happening,” I gasp as it feels like my arm is on fire. 

  He loses his temper and slashes with his wand. A cut forms on my cheek, in shock I lift my right hand to cover it. Blood starts dripping down my fingers as I decide to let go. I am shaking with fear, but try to hide it and face the Dark Lord. 

  “Why is your magic fighting it?” he roars at me. 

  “I don’t know, my Lord. I don’t know,” I gasp. 

  “You will get the mark. You are mine,” he snarls. “Everyone with a Mark joins me and repeats the incantation with me. Touch your wands to her skin.” 

  The circle of people closes in on me and from the corner of my eye I can see Draco and Theo stepping up with them. Everyone pulls out their wand and pushes them on every inch of exposed skin from the neck down. Severus has let go of me, the wand that is pushing on my neck is from him. Theo and Draco are both touching my arm. Some are even touching my legs.

  The incantation starts, and everyone follows the Dark Lord’s lead. I can feel the dark magic enter my body from all angles and flood me. It is clear that my magic is fighting it, for a moment the black veins don’t spread, but as the pain is growing the veins start spreading. 

  I hold back a whimper of pain as I look down at my body. I am covert in the veins and a mark is forming on my arm. My head falls back as I am overwhelmed with the pain. 
  
    I will not cry or scream. I will not show weakness. 
  

  My magic is curling inside of me and trying to break out. I can’t think straight anymore, I can only feel. The dark magic is pumping in my veins and burning it’s way through my body, making everything dark. 
  
    Let it go. Surrender to it. Don’t fight it. 
  

  I gasp as I feel the release of the magic inside of me. My magic explodes in a great ball of blue smoke against the ceiling, drizzling back down. Nobody is blasted away from the impact, but everyone is watching it. My whole body is burning while the wands are leaving my body. I look down at my left arm and a black skull and snake is branded on it. 
  
    Don’t show your weakness. You are strong. Don’t cry. It is done. Nobody is here to save you. 
  

  I stand up on trembling feet and bow as low as I can go in front of the Dark Lord. 

  “Thank you for the honour of the Dark Mark, my Lord,” I submit to him. 

  I turn around as I feel somebody place the robe back on my shoulders. 

  “Your power is great. Keep showing your worth and be rewarded for it,” he says. “You are all dismissed.” 
 
  I walk away with Draco on my right and Theo on my left. Instead of staying downstairs we walk towards Draco’s room. The second I close the door I watch as both men fall on the big bed. 

  “That was intense,” Theo states. 

  I look down at my body and can still see the black veins crawling under my skin. “Understatement of the year,” I sigh and pull the robe off. 

  I throw it over a chair and crawl between the two men. 

  “It still burns,” Draco notes. 

  We are laying on our backs, staring at the ceiling. I can feel the Dark Mark pulsate against my skin and the burning sensation is through my whole body. 

  “I am so tired,” I sigh and let my head rest against Draco. 

  Theo grabs my hand and I squeeze him back, I do the same to Draco. “We can do this,” Theo promises. 

  “We are in this together,” adds Draco. 

  “We are strong,” I add. 

  A yawn escapes my lips as my eyelids grow heavy. I hear the noise of two pairs of shoes falling to the ground. Draco pulls me against his body and Theo spoons me. 

  “One for all, all for one,” I mumble. 

  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Snape walks up to me while I am making a potion. We all have to work individually on a simple potion, the recipe is not difficult and I follow it to the letter. Something is off, it is too thick in consistency and everything I do to make it better is making it worse. I am biting my lip so hard that I taste blood. 
  
    Why is this potion not cooperating with me? 
  

  “What is wrong?” he asks softly so only I can hear him. 

  “I don’t know,” I snap back in a low voice. 

  Severus leans over the table and looks inside the coldren. “Did you even follow the recipe?” 

  I roll my eyes annoyed. “Of course I did, I don’t know what I did wrong. I always triple check before I make a move. Trust me, I followed the recipe.” 

  “Can it be your magic? You had some problems this summer with it too. Are you angry?” 

  “I am always angry, but I did the exercises, deep breaths and calming down. The magic is not in my fingertips for the moment, I am not using it and I am not touching my wand.”

  I don’t mention that I feel sick, it started the night I got the Dark Mark, almost a week ago. The ceremony was on a Wednesday, we left for school on Sunday and today is Thursday. From the moment the Mark was burned into my skin it hurt, it kept burning, spreading through my arm. On Friday I noticed that the black veins were coming back, spreading out over my arm. Yesterday they came up to my elbow, starting from the bottom of the Mark. Luckily they don’t show on my hands, making it easy to cover up. 

  I feel nauseous all the time, I don’t want to eat and it feels like I have a fever. The pain and sweating is keeping me awake at night, I am lucky if I sleep two hours per night. 

  “Come see me after class. We will take a look. See if I can help you some more with your magic.” 
I nod and he walks away, as I look around I see Ron watching me. A deep frown on his face. Annoyed, I roll my eyes, wipe the sweat from my forehead with my sleeve and focus back on the potion. Why is the potion black? It should be a pearly white. As I throw in the last ingredient it starts to bubble and steam. That should not be happening. Before I can reverse the reaction, it explodes, creating black smoke that hits me in the face. “For fucks sake!” I snarl loudly, the potion is dripping from my face. “Scourify,” I snap as I grab my wand and wave it over my face and clothes. 
  People turn around and look at me. 
  
    Seamus blows things up every lesson and they don’t bat an eye, but when it happens to me they all need to gawk at me. 
  

  “Miss Granger, language! You can start over and will stay until you finish the potion correctly,” Severus states calmly. 

  “Oh fuck off!” I snap, grab my bag and walk out of the class. 
  
    Doesn’t he understand how difficult it is to be with Harry and Ron, being watched constantly? I can’t keep calm, my arm is burning. It is so stressful, I wish I could just be with Draco and Theo. Why does everything need to be so fucking difficult! Trying to make the potion again won’t work, it isn’t even for a grade, it is useless. 
  
 
  “Fuck!” I snarl, slamming my fist against the wall. 

  I lift up my sleeve, the Dark Mark is surrounded by black veins, running up my arm. I pull down the collar and see that the veins have spread out over my chest. 
  
    Fuck! Why is this happening to me? 
  
  I pull my sleeve back in place, hiding the awful mark on my arm. 
  
    I hate it, how can Draco and Theo function with this blasted thing on their arm? How long will it keep burning? 
  
  I can’t sleep, everytime I close my eyes I see all the wands on my body. Feel the dark magic seeping in my body. When it is silent I can hear the whispering of the spell all around me. I know where everyone is standing around me, even Draco and Theo helped. The older Death Eaters put more power behind their spells, willing the Mark to stick on my arm. Lucius and Severus both look me in the eyes, standing next to each other. I lock my eyes with Severus as long as I can hold in the pain, I bite on my lip to keep from screaming, but a whimper escapes. The shield around his emotions drops for just a second and I see the guilt and sadness in his eyes. It breaks me even more and the pain overwhelms me and I let my head fall back.
 
  “Hermione?” Harry asks and touches my arm to draw me back from the memories. 

  I snap up my eyes, pull my arm behind my back and anger fills my eyes. “I’m fine,” I snarl. 

  “Why did you leave class like that?” he asks. 

  The hallway is empty and I am leaning against the wall. 
  
    Did he follow me, did he see anything? 
  

  “The potion blew up,” I shrug and avoid eye contact. 

  “At least you still have your eyebrows,” he laughs. 

  I can’t even laugh at his joke, the hallway fills itself with students. Severus stands next to the opening of his classroom. 

  “I need to go, bye Harry,” I mumble and quickly walk back to the classroom. 

  Severus looks down at me when I walk past. 

  “Hi,” I mumble and quickly look back. Harry is still watching me. 

  Severus sighs and mumbles a hello back, he closes the door behind us. I sit on a chair in the front, following him with my eyes as he sits down on the other side of the desk in front of me. 

  “What is going on?” he asks, his voice soft and caring. 

  He has changed so much in just a week, when we are alone he is nicer. The two days after the ceremonie he took more care of me, taking me to the Malfoy lab to brew potions. He knew I needed to get used to the Dark Magic inside, it feels heavier than my normal magic. When we needed to wait for potions to finish we would talk, not much, but anything was more than before. I still don’t know who my mother is or what has happened to her, but he explained that it is dangerous to know, but one day he will tell me. 

  I sigh and pull up my sleeve and after his eyes widen I pull down the collar of my sweater and show the black veins over my shoulder. 

  “How is it not gone yet?” he wonders outloud. 

  “I don’t know, maybe it was just too much and I can’t absorb it or something,” I whisper sadly as I readjust my sweater. “It hurts,” I admit. 

  “Just the Mark or the veins also?” he asks, his eyes still lingering on my covered arm.

  “Everything just hurts, my body, even my magic somehow. I can’t sleep, I am going crazy over everything.” 

  He stands up and walks to his hidden cabinet with made potions. “Here, I brew it extra strong, thought you might end up in a fight with Mr. Weasley again.” 

  I take the pain potion, pull out the cork and drink it all. It takes a minute to kick in, but the pain is dulling slightly, making it bearable again. 

  “Can I see the veins again?” Severus asks. 

  I nod and transfigure my sweater to a tank top.

  “It is worse than I thought,” he notes as he walks around. His finger trailing over my back, probably tracing even more veins. “Can I ask Poppy for help?” 

  “Poppy?” I ask and raise my eyebrow at him. 

  “Madam Pomfrey, I mean. She knows about your situation and I need help, we need to figure this out as fast as possible.” 

  “Can this kill me?” I gasp.

  He doesn’t look me in the eye but watches my arm again, his answer is clear as day. 

  
    It can kill me, the Dark Magic can consume me. 
  

  “I will get Poppy and we’ll get started. I am going to fix this,” he squeezes my arm. 

  “Thank you, Severus.” 

  While he is gone I transfigure my shirt to leggings and the tanktop to a sports bra. I walk over to the made potion cabinet, it is filled with pain and sleep potions. 
  
    I really want to sleep for a night without pain, maybe I can just take one of each. No, I can’t, that is stealing. I can’t stoop that low, I can ask for it. I can ask for help, he is my father. He is helping me, I can’t steal from him. I need to trust him, I do trust him. 
  

  “Hermione?” Severus asks, standing next to Madam Pompfrey. 

  I turn around and walk back to the middle of the room. “I’m fine, I was just thinking.” 

  “Can we touch you?” he asks as he comes closer. “We need to do a lot of exams.” 

  Shivers run up my body and panic starts rising. 
  
    Ask him. Communicate. You can do this. Let them know how you feel. You don’t have to suffer. 
  
  I watch them both and shift my weight from one foot to another. They remain calm and wait for me. I glance back to the potions. “Do you have something to make me less anxious?” I whisper as shame flows through me. “I’m scared,” I admit, my left fingers start to twitch and I can’t look up at him. 

  He walks past me and picks a few bottles. “You can always ask for help, Hermione,” he assures me and hands me two bottles. 

  Another pain potion and one to dull the emotions, helping with the anxiety. While I wait for them to kick in, I watch them prepare the room. One of the tables is configured to a bed, books spread out on another table and all kinds of instruments spread out on a third table. 

  I take a seat on the edge of the bed, they are whispering to each other, but I can’t focus on the conversation. Madam Pompfrey steps in front of me. 

  “How are you doing, Hermione?” he asks. 

  “Fine,” I sigh. 

  “Why don’t you lie back, we are going to do a lot of tests on you, but everything will be fine. It will be a combination of Muggle examinations and Wizard.” 

  I nod and lie back, watching Severus walk towards me. 

  “We need to draw your blood, Hermione,” Madam Pomfrey explains and I turn my gaze towards her. 

  “With a needle?” I ask. 

  She nods and she sits beside the bed, laying out her supplies. I hate needles. 
  
    I can do this, I have had worse. A Cruciatus must be worse than a needle prick right? 
  
  Severus sits down on the other side, he takes my left hand in his. 

  “I hate needles,” I tell him and he leans closer to me so I can hide my face in his sleeve. “Just do it.” 

  Poppy wraps an elastic band around my arm and tightens it. “I am not going to do anything yet. Just looking for a vein.” 

  “I don’t have black veins on that arm yet,” I attemp to joke. 

  “We won’t let it get that far, dear,” she shushes me.

  Her fingers tap and poke in my elbow, it takes minutes for her to find the correct place. Something cool wipes over the spot, a few moments nothing happens. 

  “A deep breath in, dear,” she tells me and I follow her directions, getting ready for the pain. 

  She takes a good hold on my arm and rest her other just beneath the cleaned spot. I let the breath escape and squeeze my eyes shut for the extra comfort. The needles pierces my skin and I let a whimper escape. Severus places a hand on my hair. 

  “I am curious as to how you would look with black hair,” he mumbles to distract me more. 

  I feel the needle move around in my arm, being pulled back, shift slightly and go back deeper in my arm. “Did you glamour me?” I ask with tears in my eyes, the calming draught is losing its effects already. 

  “Yes, hair looks exactly like mine, but you are probably still curly. It is your eyes, they are a combination of your mom and me. You have brown eyes like me, but the gold flecks in them are from her. Just be happy that you don’t have my nose.” 

  I let out a short laugh, as I feel the needle being pulled back again, this time leaving my arm. 
  
    Thank Godric that is over. 
  

  “I’m sorry, I did not get any blood. I need to try again, dear,” Poppy tells me and puts the used items away. 

  The short burst of relief I felt is gone. She loosens the elastic band and slides it down to my wrist, tightening again. 

  “Some people are just really difficult to draw blood from,” she explains. 

  She picks up a different kind of needle, this one has a tube on it and is flatter than the other needle, the size of the actual needle is still the same. Severus comes closer by hanging over me, his arm wrapping around my head, turning me away from the sight. 

  “I am the only one who can stop the Glamour on you, so when you are ready for it, you can just ask me. I think you will look good with black hair.” 

  I hide in his arms again and imagine myself with the black hair. Poppy is feeling around on my hand this time. This time she wipes quicker. “Just a little sting,” she tells me and follows through. 

  This one hurts more than my elbow and I let myself groan, it is not the worst pain, but it is uncomfortable. 
  
    Isn’t there a wizard way to get blood out of the body, a simple spell or something. 
  

  “You're doing good, Hermione,” Severus praises me. 

  “Is it working now?” I mumble. 

  “Yes, she is almost done.” 

  The needle is removed and pressure replaces the stinging spot. I come out of hiding and see five vials of blood on the bed, while she is holding a cotton ball on the spot. 

  “It is red,” I nod towards the blood vials. “I expected it to be black.” 

  “I took it from a red vein, but I need to take it from your other arm as well, just to be sure. So we can rule out some diagnoses.” 

  I groan loudly and watch as she moves her stuff to the other side of the bed, Severus stands up and walks over to the other side. 

  She repeats the steps on my left hand and I just close my eyes this time while I take hold of Severus’s hand. I feel him stiffen for a moment and then relax. 
  
    First time for everything.
  
 
  The moment the needle breaks the skin, it feels different. I gasp for air as the pain starts to grow. My eyes are wide open and I look at my arm, the snake is moving, mouth wide open as if it is hissing. I feel every vein starting to burn, from my fingertips going up, over my shoulder and chest, spreading further than before. 

  I scream as the burning feeling intensifies, just like getting marked again. She pulls out the needle quickly and black blood is running down my hand. 

  “Do something, Poppy!” Severus yells. 

  They try to hold me down and stop the bleeding, but I can’t help it. The searing pain is spreading to my neck, higher and higher. I pull both my hands free and start clawing at my chest and neck. Trying to stop the spreading, while screaming in pain. I throw myself from the bed, falling on my knees on the ground. 

  “Hermione!” they yell, but a buzzing fills my mind. 

  
    I don’t want to die! It’s killing me. No, please, no, no, no. 
  

  Tears are streaming down my face and I feel it spreading. The veins are taking over my right arm. I watch the veins come to the surface and turn black. The small prick wounds tear open to small cuts and leak black blood. 

  “No,” I cry. “Please help me. Please, please…” I cough. “Help me,” I beg. 

  I cough again, more this time and I bend over. My stomach is contracting and I can’t stop, a metal taste fills my mouth. I hold my hand over my mouth and when I look at it again, it is filled with the black blood. The coughing wrecks through my body, spitting out more blood, choking on it. 

  Severus falls down next to me, pulling me on his lap as I vomit all over the floor. 

  “Don’t leave!” he yells above me. 

  My body starts to tremble as I feel blood dripping from my nose and ears. 
  
    I’m dying… 
  

  “Poppy! Do something!”

  Black spots are filling my vision and I try to look up, find his face. He wipes my mouth with his sleeve, but keeps blood dripping. 

  “Dad,” I croak. 

  “You will be fine. I promised you! I swore to protect you. You’ll be fine.” 

  I gasp for air. 
  
    My heart… no… please… I am not ready. I can’t… I can’t die. Not yet. please. 
  
  I feel my heart flutter, skipping a few beats before resuming again. 
  
    It hurts, it hurts so much. 
  

  My skin is burning, but I can feel a cooling charm trying to break through. The searing pain is spreading over my stomach, lower back and my legs. 
  
    I’m not going to survive this.
  
   My breath hitches, along with my heart. Everything is tensing up and my vision fills with darkness. 

  “Draco,” I let out as I feel reality slip away from me. 
 
  Everything is dark, but the pain is still spreading further, until I am fully consumed by it. I feel like I am floating, slowly dying and waiting for the pain to leave. 

  It feels like hours but it finally starts to fade, it starts in my toes, slowly moving up my legs. Next are my fingers and arms, back and stomach and almost as last my head. The remaining burning is on my chest, my heart. The beats start to slow down and I feel the end drawing closer, until a sudden slicing and stinging feeling starts to bloom from my left ribs. It is like all the burning is seeping out of me, leaving me floating in a dark void. 

  After what feels like days of floating in the quiet I start falling, fast. I gasp for air and throw myself to the ground, away from the loud voice, I blink disoriented.

  “Hermione!” 

  I am blinded by the light in the room. A hand grabs me around my arm, pulling me up. 

  “You are alright. Calm down.” 

  
    I know that voice. No danger. 
  
  I take a deep breath and look around. Severus is holding me upright. Slowly I am calming down, we are in a small room, bright white, with charts blinking above me, there is a bed and a chair, but nothing more. 

  “Am I in St. Mungos?” I ask confused. “What happened?” 

  He lets me sit down on the edge of the bed. “What do you remember?” 

  I frown and try to remember. “I only remember being in pain.” 

  “You almost died, when Poppy pricked in a black vein it triggered a blood curse. It cursed every drop of blood in your body and started to push everything out of you. Your tears became black, it came from your nose, ears, mouth, it was horrible to see. I thought I lost you,” There are tears in his eyes. 

  It breaks my heart to see him like that, to think that we never would have had a real chance at a relationship. He is my father and I want him to be my father. So I do the only thing that comes to mind. I throw my arms around his neck and bury my face. 

  “I was so scared,” I whisper. 

  It takes a few moments before he responds, but he exhales and wraps his arms around me, pulling me closer to him. It is awkward, we are both leaned over towards each other and actually it is very uncomfortable. He stands, pulling me with him, one hand on the back of my head and the other on my back. My head now rests on his chest and I can hear his heart beating fast. 

  This is new for us both, but I can feel the connection to him, just like I can feel my magic inside of me. It is a white line between us, just beginning to build. 

  “I could not save you. I tried, but nothing worked,” he admits. 

  I look up. “What happened? I am alive right?” 

  “Fawkes. He burst through the window, and his tears have healing power, so he shared his gift. Let the tears fall into your mouth, your blood turned a lighter color but it was not enough. The blood kept coming out. Fawkes kept crying, giving you tears and minute by minute the black veins pulled back, but it was not enough, it stayed in your heart. The moment Fawkes stopped giving you tears it started to spread again. Dumbledore found us and he gave you a cut over your ribs with a special knife, all the black blood spilled out. After a few more tears the curse was gone, your blood red again. You stopped bleeding and Poppy could heal you. You have a scar from the knife, it was infused with magic.” 

  “How long have I been unconscious?” 

  “It is Friday, Poppy did not know if you would wake up, she couldn't visualize the damage on your organs. We could not bring you to St. Mungos, they would see your Mark and if you would wake up, they would throw you in Azkaban. I thought I lost you, all because of that stupid Mark. One of the Death Eaters must have added it to his spell, to curse you or maybe it was the amount of Dark Magic that turned toxic.” 

  I frown. “Am I still at Hogwarts?” 

  “Yes, in my private quarters. Draco did visit you every evening, I know you mean a lot to him and he to you. He is angry with himself that he didn’t notice that you were sick, that the Mark influenced you more than them.” 

  “No, no,” I shake my head and distance myself from him. “Harry and Ron have a special map, showing everybody in Hogwarts. They can see where I am. They will question why I am in your room. I gave the Dark Lord a map, I copied it. Does he know what happened? He must think I am weak, what if he wants to kill me?” 

  “He knows, he will not kill you. We didn’t tell him that Fawkes helped but that I had some tears in storage that did the trick, but you need time to fully recover. We will handle Harry and Ron, don’t worry about it. But things are going to change, Albus agrees with me.” 

  “What is going to change?” I ask curiously and sit back down as my head starts to feel dizzy. 

  “You will become a Slytherin, it is for your own good and I won’t argue over it. It is safer, more students are on the side of the Dark Lord, you don’t have to hide as much. Draco will keep you safe, I will keep you safe. You will be one of my students, I can help you more and let’s be honest about those Gryffindors, they don’t help you.” 

  “Okay, I will change houses.” 

  This is his time to frown. “I expected more of a resistance.” 

  “Why would I? Ron attacked me, they saw, they heard and they didn’t help me. They didn’t choose a side, they wanted to ignore it until it was gone. Why would I stay, risk my life? What will Ron do when he finds out about my Mark? I need a group that will be loyal, that can protect me when it is necessary and I will do the same for them. We can make a show of it, changing my house. Maybe it will please the Dark Lord,” I shrug. 

  He nods. “It probably will please him. Do you want people to know that you are my daughter?” 

  “Eventually yes, but not right now, we might be able to use it to our advantage later on. I think if we change my house loyalties enough problems will arise. Let’s think about a way to make it epic,” I laugh. 

  Suddenly I feel lighter as if a huge weight is lifted from my shoulders, but the dizziness is getting worse. 

  “We will figure it out tomorrow, you still need to rest. I have some potions for you, to regain strength and so you can sleep well.” 

  I mumble a thank you as I take them and feel the effects kicking in. “Thank you, for everything,” I tell him drowsily. 

  “I would do everything for you,” and he walks out of the room, with a flick of his want turning the lights off, except a small light on the wall, still glowing softly. 

  My eyes fall shut the moment my head hits the pillow. I am floating again, without pain.
 
  When I wake up the next day I find Draco sitting next to my bed. 
  
    I don’t care if they see it on the map, everything is changing anyways. Fuck Ron.
  

  His eyes are closed, mouth hanging open just a bit, making a soft whistling sound when he exhales. I study his face for a few minutes, he is relaxed, not frowning, not in any pain. Just a boy, a handsome one at that. His nose twitches and I smile. 

  “Did my staring wake you,” I giggle softly.

  “My dream woke me up actually, but this is better anyway,” he smirks and his eyes open up, revealing the grey irises. “I am happy to see you awake, I am so sorry, love. I should have known, I should have helped you. Why didn’t you say anything?”  

  “I am sorry, I thought the pain was normal, that it would go away. This is not your fault, Draco,” I tell him and grab his hand. 

  “Tell me next time, or better yet, don’t let there be a next time,” he moves to the edge of the bed, pulling me closer. “I was so worried that I didn’t make fun of the Weasel.” 

  “Of course that is the first thing you do,” I roll my eyes. 

  “I did other things too, but thought you liked that the most,” his eyes sparkle with mischief. 

  “What are the other things?” I ask him while lacing my fingers through his. 

  He smiks. “I had to jack off multiple times a day, thinking about you.” 

  “Draco!” I exclaim and hit him in the chest with my other hand. 

  “Told you, you liked the news about Weasel the most. I did hear that you are becoming a new Slytherin, I like the idea of you in green and close by.” 

  “Don’t tell me you already spelled all my clothes green?” I laugh. 

  “No, not everything, only your lingerie,” he smirks. 

  I roll my eyes with a smile.
  
     Oh Godric, I missed him. 
  

  “How can I change houses?” I ask. 

  “We need a reason for you to change, we need to come up with a plan.” 

  “I want it to be epic.” I smirk back at him. 
 
  At the end of the morning we have multiple ideas, but it will happen tomorrow evening. Giving us time to plan everything and set it up. Draco is telling the Slytherins from our year about the plan. Severus is sitting next to the bed, reading my notebook filled with ideas. 

  “The easy one is to get to Ron, he is watching me and Draco like a hawk. He has watched the map. You need to play on his fragile emotions. He thinks something is going on with you, Draco and me, even though it is twisted, he will believe anything. Create a fight, show them a dark side of you. Without revealing your Mark or the allegiance to the Dark Lord. They can think about it, but not know it.” 

  “I won’t fail, is it bad that I am looking forward to it?” I grin.

  “No, he deserves it. I hope I can witness it,” he responds with a small, rare smile. 

  “Promise me one thing. I want to be able to sleep in Draco’s bed. I don’t care that I break the rules, I need to sleep and he helps me with it. I will not be depending on potions everyday to sleep.” 

  “I can’t allow you to just have sex when you want,” he exclaims. “You are too young and then everyone will want it.” 

  “I already had sex,” I smirk at him. “A room will not keep us away from each other for that, I want to sleep with him, he keeps me calm. Keeps the nightmares away. Theo won’t mind. We are the only ones with the Mark from the students, we promised each other to stay close.” 

  “I don’t want to think about what you do with my Godson,” he rubs his eyes. “My daughter and my Godson, of all people.” 

  “Do I have Godparents?” I ask curiously.

  “Yes and it is very ironic to be honest. Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy.” 

  
    You gotta be kidding me.
  
   “Why them?” I frown.

  “I can’t tell you everything yet, it is too dangerous. Lucius is my oldest friend, I trust him with everything. When I found out I had a daughter I made them your Godparents. If something would have happened to me, he would take care of you. Raise you as his own without question.” 

  “But he is a Death Eater,” I gasp. 

  “I am too, you are one now.” 

  “He would not accept me as who I am, I am not a Pureblood,” I frown. “I don’t care about my blood status, but they do. He tortured me for it.” 

  “You brought his son, his heir, in danger,” Severus shrugs. “Family is everything for him and he doesn’t even know yet.”

  “You didn’t think that was a moment to tell the truth. Would you have watched me die, being killed by them?” I snap. 

  “No, you never needed to be at that Manor. I was in shock, I knew something was going on, but I did not expect you to be standing there. Wearing Draco’s shirt, acting like a Gryffindor. I could not tell them that you are my daughter. It would have raised too many questions, too much danger for us both. The Order needed me to survive, so I delayed the information.” 

  “How did they find me? They should have been gone for days. I planned to leave, nobody would know. We just wanted a few days of normalcy,” I throw my hand in the air, frustrated. 

  “Wormtail completed a ritual, helping the Dark Lord return. Our Marks became active again and we went to him, he was hiding in a forest. Lucius offered his house, trying to get back into his favour. The Lord has a group of Werewolves in his ranks, the moment they stepped inside the Manor, they let him know that there was a female. Someone intimate to Draco, they could smell you both, your scents warped together.” 

  “Do they smell the differences between blood statuses?” I ask curiously. 

  “No, they cannot, but they know the scent of every Death Eater in his ranks here and you didn’t match.” 

  “But I am your daughter, we should match, or at least be similar?” I question. 

  “Yes and no, they didn’t pay enough attention. We didn’t have a bond back then and nobody expected me to have a child.” 

  “How could you watch me get tortured?” I whisper, finally addressing something that has been bothering me. 

  “I didn’t watch. I sat there and shielded my mind using Occlumency, I let nothing break my walls. If I would not have done that, I would have taken every curse for you. You are my daughter and I needed you to live. So I told Cissa, I needed her help. She gave you just enough power to heal, to get you to surrender. I thought that if you got out of that Manor I could hide you, that the Order would help. When you had that panic attack I brought you to Albus, he had another plan to keep you safe. It sounded like a good plan, so I accepted it.”

  “Why does he want another spy?” 

  “The Dark Lord never tells all his plans to one person. I think Albus wants you to rise in station, giving the Order as much information as possible.”

  “Rising in station, like what, be his right hand. Killing people?” I shriek. “I can’t do that. How can he expect me to do that?” 

  “The Greater Good,” Severus sighs. 

  “He wants me to become a killer for the Greater Good, without telling me. He wanted to manipulate me, put me with the Slytherins so I can grow with them, maybe even become friends with them. All so I can betray them too and help the downfall of the Dark Lord. He realises that it will leave me with nobody right? My friendship with Ron is gone, Harry will hate me, Draco won’t trust me and the other Gryffindors and Slytherins will see me as a betrayer. It will ruin my life, I need to lie to everyone,” I rub my eyes at the dark prospect of the coming years. 

  I sigh deeply. “And yet, I will accept it.” 

  “You will always have me,” Severus promises. 

  “Same for you,” I mumble back, feeling defeated, but relieved that he won’t abandon me. 

  “Always,” he assures, pulling my hands from my face and squeezing them. 

  “Always,” I repeat. 

  
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  My body still aches, but I ignore the pain as I walk towards the Great Hall. I am late, so the halls are empty and my footsteps echo. Just for a moment I wait outside the hall. My life is going to change the moment I set a step in it. Even if I haven’t felt like a Gryffindor for months, now everyone is going to see it. They are going to hate me for it, they will see it as a betrayal. Talking to Slytherin is even frowned upon, they are going to find out everything. Ron was right all along. 

  I exhale, close my eyes for a few seconds while I ground myself, searching for the magic inside of me and letting it surface to my fingertips. My fingers are twitching with power, but I hide the blueish whisps. 

  
    Goodbye…
  
 
  Nothing is different when I walk towards the Gryffindor table and sit at my usual spot. Harry is sitting in front of me, Neville to his left, Ron to his right, Lavender next to him and Parvati and Ginny sit on either side of me. Nothing is different yet as I start to plate my dinner. 

  “Why are you late?” sneers Ron. 

  I shrug. “I was busy,” I avoid his question as I look up at him. 

  
    He knows where I was. He has been watching the Marauders Map. He wants to catch me in a lie and when he does, he will make a big scene. 
  

  Severus walks in the Great Hall and I look up, can’t keep a small smile from forming on my lips. 
  
    Well played. He planned this.
  
   He walks over to the Gryffindor table, this alone makes people look up. 

  “Ah Miss Granger, all healed up, I see,” he drawls in his teaching voice. 

  “Yes, just a bit sore, Professor Snape,” I respond, keeping a small smile on my face. 

  Ron sees it and slams his fist on the table. “How desperate are you?” he shouts at me. 

  “I don’t know what you mean, Ronald?” I roll my eyes. 

  “Do you think I am stupid?” he screams. I shrug. “No, fuck you, Hermione. You were in his room, day and night! I saw it!” 

  The whole Great Hall is watching us and everything is going according to plan. Ron is losing hit, his face red, hair is spiking up with magic. Harry is looking between the three of us. 
  
    This is even better, he just shouts about the Marauders Map, that is not very smart of him. Harry won’t like it. 
  

  “Tell me it isn’t true, Hermione. Tell me,” he begs. 

  I look at him, willing him to understand that I do it all to protect them as much as I can. “It was not for the reason you think,” I answer honestly. 

  “Oh!” Ron scoffs. “So it wasn’t for you to spread your legs so he can fuck your Mudblood cunt?” he snarls the insult at me, for everyone to hear. 

   
  I can see the literal recoil and hear the gasps through the Great Hall. From the farthest corner I can hear him, his voice loud, clear and very, very angry. 

  “The fuck did you say, Weasel!” he roars. “You better hope I misheard you, you fucking piece of shit!” 

  He is walking towards us, his strides strong and long, flanked by Theo and Pansy. Behind them follow Blaise, Vincent, Gregory and Daphne. 

  Ron swirls around looking at the Slytherins who spread out around Draco and Severus. 

  “Hermione, what is going on?” Ginny asks and grabs my hand. 

  
    Shield your emotions, don’t show them the pain, don’t show them the agony. Show them coldness, nothing but an empty shell. 
  
  I let the emotions drain from my face, my eyes going cold and the signature Malfoy sneer settling on my lips. I pull my hand back roughly and stand up from the bench, making my way around it in big strides. 

  The Slytherins create a pathway, I walk up behind Draco and Severus, they both step aside. I stand between them, Draco slips his hand in mine, claiming me for everyone to see as his girl. Severus lays his hand on my shoulder, pulling me to stand half in front of him. 

  “I was right,” he scoffs. “I was fucking right!” he yells. 

  My eyes flick towards Harry, he’s eyes are filled with shock. “No Hermione, there needs to be an explanation. Our Hermione would never do something like this. I...I don’t even know what this is…but it is not you,” he stumbles. 

  “Our Hermione,” I laugh. “That Hermione is long gone.” 

  “I told you,” Ron interrupts me and turns towards Harry. “I told you she had lost her mind, that something was off, but you wouldn’t listen to me!” 

  “There needs to be an explanation!” Harry shouts back, looking at me with despair, pleading for an explanation. 

  “She is fucking them all, spreading her legs for them! SHE HAS LOST HER MIND! SHE IS A WHORE!” 

  “LET HER SPEAK!” Harry screams back, tears in his eyes. 

  I look at Ron, letting all the build up anger show. My magic sparks around my fingers, spreading over my hand and underarms. 

  “You lost me the night you tried to sexually assault me,” I begin calmly. “You lost me when nobody helped me. You lost me when everyone forgave you, saying that it was the alcohol. YOU LOST ME! When you hit me, when you tried to KILL ME!” I am screaming at this point. “Gryffindor was supposed to be the brave house, where people stood up for the good and defeated the bad. To have courage to speak up, to protect each other against harm,” I let my eyes travel the long table, ending at Harry. “The house where friends helped each other and not try to keep the peace for their own profit. You lost me, when you choose Ron over me in the hallway after Yule ball,” I tell him directly. 

  His face fills with pain and regret, but it is too late and he knows it. 

  “He was here for me. Accepted me… loved me. You have no idea what I have been through and he was there every second of it,” I tell him and squeeze Draco’s hand. 

  “Has nobody taught you how to treat a lady, Weaselbee?” Draco sneers. 

  “She must have a golden cunt for you to play like this,” Ron sneers back. “You almost invented the word Mudblood and loved using it every chance you got. Is that how you still call her when you fuck her. Is she your little pet Mudblood?” 

  “Ron!” Ginny interrupts. “That is enough! You need to get over your crush for her!” 

  He scoffs, keeping his eyes on me. “That is long gone, I don’t want someone’s filthy Mudblood seconds,” he hisses. 

  “I advise you… to stop talking like that… to my daughter,” Severus threatens and steps forward. 

  Harry’s eyes snap up. “Daughter?” 

  I hide the hurt emotions behind the wall around my mind. “Surpriseee,” I draw out. “I am adopted and Severus Snape is my father.” 

  “How?” Ginny asks, confused, looking between us. 

  “Sex, you moron,” Draco sneers and rolls his eyes. “A secret baby, hidden in the Muggle world, to grow up without magic, but becoming one of the brightest and powerful witches in history.” 

  I smile at his compliment and look up at Severus, with a tiny nod he understands. With a whisper of a spell I can feel the hidden magic fall away. If I would never have known it was there I would never notice it, but now it feels like a weight is lifted. I raise my head more, letting the curls stretch to soft waves, while the brown fades away and is replaced with black. 

  Draco is staring at me, a smile tugging at his lips as he squeezes my hand reassuringly. The Great Hall is in utter silence and my true self is revealed.

  “Slytherin is in my blood and is my future. From tonight on, I will not be a Gryffindor anymore. It hasn’t been my family for a long time. I will be a Slytherin, just like my Father,” I announce. “And everyone who does not agree...can fuck off! I am done listening to other people, telling me what to do.” 

  Severus squeezes my shoulder and as I look up, I see how proud he is. I know the first reason why I did this was because of safety, because it is easier to be among the other Death Eaters in training and not reveal ourselves. But the second reason is because it is true, I am a Slytherin, always have been, but I have been suppressing it, trying to fit into a house that does not align with who I truly am. I want to make Severus proud, I want to be a Slytherin and make them proud. Most of all, I want to make myself proud. 

  “Professor McGonnagall, you can’t let this happen!” Harry insists as she walks up to us. 

  “The choice has already been made, Potter,” she sounds defeated. “Miss Granger will be a Slytherin from this moment forward. The Sorting Hat wanted her there from the moment she put it on in First Year, but she refused. This afternoon, with all the Professors and the Headmaster she had a second sorting. She accepted Slytherin, she isn’t a Gryffindor and never has been,” her eyes are burning with anger as she looks at me. 

  I try to swallow and keep a cold expression, but my throat is dry and my walls are crumbling. She was like a mom to me here at Hogwarts. I could always ask everything from her, she even let me stay in the library after closing hours so I could do more studying. She would lend me books from the Restricted Section, so I could research and find my own answers. I can’t keep track of the numerous times we had tea, telling each other stories of our lives and what we dreamed of.

  All the warmth she ever gave me is gone. “You are not allowed to wear your Gryffindor outfit, I expect it on my desk tomorrow morning at the latest.” 

  “Of course, Professor,” I respond and quickly advert my eyes from her. 

  
    Sacrifice. This is only the beginning. I must stay strong. 
  

  “This has been enough disruption for one night!” she claps her hands. “Everyone back to the Common Rooms.” 

  Severus turns to me. “Just let me know if you need anything,” he tells me before walking away, his robes flowing behind him. 

  Theo takes his place next to me and I give him a small smile in appreciation. 

  “Such a slag,” Ron sneers and pushes his way past us. 

  Harry stops just for a moment in front of me. “I can’t believe you did this,” he tells me sadly, with hurt filled eyes. 

  The other Gryffindors just shake their heads as they walk away. The pain is slicing through me, but I keep my walls up so nobody will see it, focussing on the feel of Draco’s hand in mine. 

  “Let's go,” Pansy announces. 

  Draco tugs on my hand and we walk in front of the other Slytherins, everyone is watching us. While normally people always greet me with a wave or hello, now they just stare and whisper to each other. 
  
    It had to happen, I just need to accept it. It is done, now everyone can move forward. I will be okay, it might take time, but I am strong. I faced hotter fires. 
  

  I want to make a left turn, but Draco stops me. “The Dungeons are this way,” as he pulls my hand to the right. 

  “Oh, of course. Silly of me,” I mumble and follow him down to the Common Room. 

  “Potter Stinks,” Draco tells the wall and a hidden door suddenly swings open.

  I can’t hold in the sudden burst of laughing. “Really?” 

  “It is fitting,” Draco shrugs and we all walk inside. 

  I have never been in any other Common Room than the Gryffindors, but this one is twice the size, filled with big leather couches and seats. Everything and I mean everything is either black or emerald in color. It has multiple big fireplaces, at least the fire is not green. There are tables where you can do your homework. 
  
    Are the dorms also twice the size? Why don’t we all have such big spaces? 
  

  Draco pulls me along towards a corner of the room, Theo, Blaise, Pansy and Daphne sit on their usual spots in front of the fire. I sit next to Draco on the couch, in the corner. Millicent walks towards the dorm and the other Slytherins spread out

  “Are you okay?” Theo is sitting across from me, watching. 

  “Yes, fine. Just looking around, getting used to it,” I give a small smile. 

  Draco lays his hand on my knee. “Everything will be alright, you are not a stupid Gryffindor anymore. You are in the right house now,” he sounds like the arrogant Draco I knew before this year.

  
    Everything has changed. In just one year, everything I knew is gone. Harry, Ron, Ginny, Neville, the Twins aren’t my friends anymore. I’m not a Gryffindor anymore. I am not a virgin anymore and I lost it to Draco Malfoy of all people. Who would have thought that one and a half years ago. I am a member of the Order of the Phoenix and a member of the Death Eaters. I have a very ugly tattoo on my arm, burned into my skin and soul. That sucks. The Dark Magic possibly poisoned me. I almost died, very painfully. My parents are not my parents. Severus Snape is my father and I don’t know who my mother is. I am a Snape. My name is Hermione Snape. I am a Half Blood. I am a Slytherin. I am a spy. I am going to die in this war. Well fuck my life. I betrayed everything I ever believed. I am not the girl I thought I was. Who am I…
  

  I have been staring in the fire while I feel the panic rising inside of me. The others are talking about the fun they had tonight. Standing up against the Gryffindors for everyone to see. “Did you see the Weasel's face! Priceless!” Pansy laughs. 

  “I can’t wait to beat them at Quidditch,” Draco grins, squeezing my knee to pull my attention. 

  I look up at him and give him a small smile. “Of course you will,” I reassure him. “I am very tired. Where is my dorm?” I look at Pansy. 

  She jumps up happily. “You get to be roommates with me and Daph! Let me show you!” 

  I wave at the group and follow her and Daphne up the stairs. 
  
    I just need a good night's sleep and everything will be fine. 
  
 
  The door swings open and I feel like I am hit in the face. “Oh,” I breathe. The curtains in front of the windows and around the beds, the duvets and the rug in the room are all emerald. The whole room just breathes Slytherin and my trunk is at the end of the bed on the right. I walk over to it and open it up. 
  
    Yes it is mine. 
  
  All my books and clothes are stacked into neat piles. 

  “Are you okay, Hermione?” Daphne asks. 

  I whirl around, looking at her confused. “Yes, of course. Why wouldn’t I. I mean, I have everything I wanted right. Less stress, around people who understand,” I choke out, breathing fast. 

  “Do you need some water?” Pansy asks. 

  I nod, feeling dizzy and grabbing the bed post. “I just... need... a moment… to breathe.” 

  My head is spinning and I let my head hang between my knees, trying to make it stop. 

  “Why is this happening?” Daphne asks as she lays a hand on my knee. 

  Tears are burning in my eyes as I look up. “They all will hate me. I betrayed them all... I have no friends left.” The hot tears start falling and burning their way over my cheeks. “I am all alone,” I sob. 

  “You are not alone, we are with you. We stick together,” she soothes. 

  “I’m… I am not a real Slytherin. I am nothing. I am going to die,” I sob harder. It feels like the weight of the world is feeling even heavier than before. I sacrifice everything and they don’t even see me like a friend. They don’t even know what is happening, what I am doing, what I have endured. “Maybe tomorrow, maybe next year… but I am going to make a mistake. I can’t handle the stress of the OWLS, how can I handle the stress of a war?” 

  The last word is echoing through my mind. 

  “I can’t...I can’t…” I choke out. 

  “You will be fine,” she tries to calm me down, but I am too far gone. The panic is washing over me in waves, pulling me deeper down. I start to hear a buzzing in my ears and my vision is losing its focus, black spots spreading out. My arm starts burning, outwards from the mark. 

  “Hermione, stay with me,” I hear Daphne's voice echo from far away. She grabs my head, but I can’t see her anymore. “Hermione! Hermione! Please!”   

  My head falls to the side and I slide down the backboard of the bed to the ground. 

  “Get Draco and Snape!” she yells. 

  I am falling, down and down. My body is getting lighter and almost floating. 

  “What the fuck happened? Is it the curse?” Draco’s voice is cutting through the darkness. “Hermione,” he sounds closer. “Hermione, what is happening? Please, love, please…” 

  “Let me through,” snarls Severus and a cold wave of air flows over my face. I feel hands on my face, over my forehead, down my cheeks and over my neck. “She is burning up… Open your mouth Hermione, let me help you.” 

  I try to open my mouth for him, but my body is rejecting me, my breathing is still fast and I still feel like I don't get enough. A spark of magic flies through my lungs, it startles me and I open my eyes, blinded by the light but gasping for air. 

  “Breathe,” Severus demands. 

  “I can’t” I choke, tasting my tears. 

  “You can! Deep breaths in, slowly out,” Draco instructs as he sits down on his knees in front of me, holding my hands. 

  His eyes capture me, holding me rooted to my spot. I follow his breathing pattern and feel myself calm down again. 

  “What happened?” Severus asks. 

  “Everything is green,” I huff and wipe the tears away. 

  Draco frowns. “So? Your favourite color is red or something?” 

  “No,” I snap. “I just lost everything, I lost the house I was in for years, lost my friends. I lost everything.” 

  “But you wanted this as well,” Severus interjects. 

  “Yes, but it is still a lot and it just hit me. I’m fine,” I huff and rise to my feet. 

  I am going too fast and I stumble sideways into Severus. His hand goes around my middle and pulls me against his body to keep me from falling. The scent of Sandlewood and Rosewood filling my nose. 

  “I’m fine,” I repeat but a little weaker. “I just need to sleep.” 

  “Are you scared of nightmares?” he asks. 

  “Not scared,” I mumble. “I just expect it to come.” I stumble towards the bed and sit down on it. 

  “Everyone out,” Severus demands and immediately everyone leaves, looking back at us. 
  
    It would have taken half an hour for the Gryffindors to leave. 
  
  “Be honest with me. Does it help to sleep with Draco? Does it keep the nightmares away?” 

  I feel so tired that I don’t have any quips to give him, so I answer simply. “Yes. I feel safe.” 

  “Then I will allow it if the other boys don’t mind and if you promise to keep it between this group. I care about you, you can always come to me for help. Do you want to look into the panic attacks and see if we can prevent them?” he offers. 

  “Yes, please. Thank you, Severus,” his mouth twitches slightly as I say his name. 

  “Just remember to call me Professor in the lessons,” he smirks. 

  “Sure, Professor,” I laugh back, feeling drained from the events of the day. 

  I stand up, grab some clothes and toiletries, shrink them and walk up to the group outside the dorm. Draco opens his arms and I walk straight into his hug, normally I hate public display of affection, but I just need it. 

  “Can we go to bed?” I mumble in his chest. 

  “Where are you going to sleep?” he asks, confused. 

  “I hope next to you, if your roommates don’t mind,” I offer softly as I look up and around to Theo and Blaise. 

  They both nod and agree. With Draco’s arm around my middle and Theo’s arm around my shoulder, while Blaise is whistling a tune behind us. 

  “If you are going to have sex in the room while I am there,” Blaise starts. “I am going to jack off on it. Just so you are warned. It is my kink.” 

  I cough and feel every drop of blood rushing to my face. “What?” 

  “Just a warning,” he laughs. 

  “We are not going to have sex while you are there,” I gasp. 

  Draco huffs. “I was planning on seducing you with my hot naked body,” he teases. 

  I roll my eyes, but quickly look him up and down. 
  
    He is so fit, he doesn’t need to be naked to seduce me. I’m already wet. 
  
  “We have enough other places where we can have sex.” 

  “Do enlighten us,” Theo teases. 

  The panic I felt earlier is leaving my body and it becomes easier to breathe again. “Get yourself a witch, or wizard, and find them yourself,” I smirk. 

  Draco pulls me free from Theo’s arm and moves me to his other side. 

  “All the good witches and wizards I want are taken,” he moans. 

  “I’m free,” laughs Blaise. 

  I see Theo roll his eyes. “How often do I need to reject you, my kindness is running low, darling.” 

  The boys keep teasing each other until we all lay in bed. Draco enlarged his bed just enough for us both to fit in it. I snuggle up against him, laying my head on his shoulder. His fingers are drawing circles on my lower back and with his other hand he is holding my hand. With a last kiss to my head, the lights turn off and envelope us in darkness. Hearing his heartbeat is keeping me calm and I listen up to the moment I fall asleep. 

  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  “Wake up, cupcake,” 

  I frown, confused by the voice. My arm is laying across a hard stomach, my cheek on a shoulder and my nose nuzzled in the crook of a neck. I open my eyes a little and am confronted with pale blond locks. 

  “Wakey, wakey,” the voice teases again. 

  I swirl around with my elbow ready as the person who the voice belongs to touches my side. My elbow connects with his nose as I hiss. “Don’t touch me.”

  “Fuck! Shit! Hermione!” Theo grunts. 

  Draco shoots up in the bed. “What the fuck?” 

  I jump out of bed. “Oh my god, I am so sorry Theo!” I grab my wand from under the pillow and immediately point it at his bleeding nose. “I didn’t recognize your voice and you touched me.” 

  His eyes are tearing up as he looks at me while he is down on his knees. “Didn’t expect this reaction.” His hands and chin are covered in blood. “Episkey,” I murmur and hear the snapping of his nose going back into place. I quickly clean him up. “Again I am so, so, sorry Theo.” 

  “My fault, should not have tried to touch you,” he rubs over his nose. “You have a mean right hook.” 

  “Why did you try to wake her up?” Draco asks. 

  “You guys are running late for breakfast and I thought it wasn’t smart to shout. Last time I tried to wake you, I couldn’t sit for a full day, because you hexed my bollocks. This time I tried a soft approach, but it didn't work,” he laughs and sniffs. 

  “Next time make sure you are not in striking distance,” Draco smirks and gets out of bed. 

  I am blessed with the view of Draco in only his boxer briefs. “Happy to see me?” I laugh. 

  He looks down at the tent in his boxers and smirks up at me. “Always.” 

  “See you guys downstairs,” Theo shouts and quickly turns around, but I can see the red tips of his ears. 

  I get out of bed and drop the shorts I decided to wear. 

  “Do you need breakfast?” Draco asks with a mischievous smile. 

  “No, we can just take an apple on our way to potions.” 

  “That’s a good girl,” he tells me as he walks over to me. 

  I jump in his arms and wrap my legs around his middle. My arms around his neck so I can pull on his hair, just how he likes it. He growls and let’s us fall on the bed, grinding against me. 

  “How do you want me, baby?” He whispers in my ear. 

  “Hard...Fast...Deep,” I moan, already panting for him. 

  He bites my favourite spot on my neck, making me moan hard. 

  “Please, Draco...Fuck me...Please,” I beg him.

  While he keeps kissing and licking my neck his hand slides my knickers to the side and his boxer briefs down. I throw my head back at the feeling of his cock dragging through my wet slit. With a wandless whisper I perform the contraceptive charm and feel the heat spread through my belly. The second the charm is in place, Draco slams in me. He gathers both my wrists in one of his hands and holds them above my head. 

  “Such a good girl. So wet for me. Are you going to come on my cock for me, baby?” he coaxes. 

  His one free hand moves between us, slowly drawing circles around my clit. I choke on my moans and can’t look straight anymore. The combination of the slow fingers and his hard pounding is mindblowing. I start to tighten around his cock and my eyes fall closed with the intense pleasure. 

  “Come for me,” he growls, slamming harder in me, a mist of sweat on his skin. 

  I open my eyes to look at him as I come, giving him the extra pleasure of watching me fall apart. His eyes are dilated to the max, making his eyes almost completely black with just a small ring of silver around them. 

  “Come for me,” he repeats. 

  “I am going to... come…” I breathe as I feel the coil inside me snap and send me over the edge. I explode in a thousand pieces, pleasure taking over everything. 

  “Good girl,” he moans as he fills me completely and lets the orgasm rip through him. 

  He kisses me, his tongue licking the seam of my closed lips, wanting me to open up. I follow his silent demand, our tongues meeting each other, tasting each other. 

  I am breathless as we break apart. “We need to hurry, Severus is not going to be pleased.” 

  He smirks. “When is he pleased?” 

  “No idea, but I should show them my best side as a new Slytherin,” I laugh. 

  “I think you want to let go of that Gryffindor princess status,” he offers as he tucks a curl behind my ear. 

  “How do you know what I want?” I challenge him. 

  “You want a love that consumes you. You want passion and adventure, and even a little danger…” he smirks at me.

  “And being a Slytherin will help that?” 

  “I think that you have it all, I love you, I want to consume you,” he smirks. “We have passion and adventure. The marks on our arms show that we have even a little danger. All you have to do is own it. Show that dangerous side a bit more, it is hot.” 

  I nod and sit up. “You are right. Now get up or we are going to be too late.” 

  We quickly clean up and get dressed. I decide to wear high heel ankle boots instead of the normal flat shoes I wear. Draco was quicker dressed and went to grab breakfast, while I finished dressing. 
 
  I walk down the stairs with my book bag slung over my shoulder. 

  Draco whistles as he sees me. “You look amazing in green. If we had the time I would show you how much I like them.” 

  The green compliments my skin more than the red ever did. “We need to hurry Draco, we are already late,” I roll my eyes and walk past him. 

  He quickly catches up with me, his hand gliding over my arse, giving a squeeze and I yelp. We walk towards the class and the door is already closed. This is the first time that I am this late, but then again, I never started my school day with sex. 

  I take a few extra bites of the apple Draco gave me as breakfast, he is almost finished with his. He pulls open the door and lets me step through it. Everyone looks back to see who is entering, Severus pulls up his eyebrow in annoyance. 

  “Mr. Malfoy… Miss…” 

  “Granger,” I finish and hold out my apple for Draco so he can take the last few bites. 

  He takes it and wraps his arm around my shoulders as we walk towards our seats. Theo and Blaise are sitting behind us and smirking. 

  “Granger?” laughs Ron. “Thought you were his daughter.” 

  
    Let go of the Gryffindor Princess. Show them.
  
   

  I click my tongue as I look him in the eye. “I am, but I am Hermione Granger. It takes more to change my name.” 

  “You don’t like the ring of Hermione Snape?” he teases. 

  “Shut up!” I sneer. “You don’t know anything, Ronald Bilius Weasley,” I stand up and walk up to his table. 

  Harry is sitting behind him, looking me up and down. “Hermione, he doesn’t mean it. Just let it go.” 

  I scoff. “Like you let everything just go, ignore it, act like it didn’t happen? I...Am...Hermione Granger… and nobody is going to fucking change that.” 

  “Miss... Granger, sit down. You are already late, 10 points from Gry...Slytherin,” he corrects himself, looking extra annoyed.

  I let the anger fade away and turn towards him. “Of course, Professor Snape.” 

  It is clear that he is annoyed with me. The moment I sit down, Draco lays his hand just above my knee. 

  “Hands to yourself, Mr. Malfoy,” Severus snaps. 

  He pulls his hand back, smirking. “Sorry, Professor.” 

  The lesson is focussed on theory for the upcoming practical. It was boring, but I made the notes and focussed on the information even if I already know how to brew it. It is a double class, so after the class we have lunch. I stretch and sigh deeply, earning a smack on my arse from Draco. 

  “Behave,” snarls Severus. 

  I smirk back. “Sorry, Father.” 

  We quickly leave the classroom, avoiding the glare Severus is shooting us.
 
  The Great Hall is filled with students, they are all staring as we walk in. 

  I roll my eyes. “I think they are jealous,” I smirk at Draco. 

  “They should, all the girls wanna be you and all the boys want to fuck you. And that tight little cunt is mine,” he whispers in my ear, bites my neck and soothes the sting with a kiss. 

  I giggle at his public display and hold his hand. We walk over to the Slytherin table where the others are eating already. 

  “Took you long enough,” Theo laughs. “Did Snape try to kill you?”  

  “When isn’t he?” I laugh while I fill my plate with roasted chicken. 

  “Hermione, do you want to do homework together?” Blaise asks. 

  I look up at him, lifting an eyebrow. “You guys all do your homework together? Or is it a way to pull a prank or do an initiation to become a real Slytherin?” 

  They all nod and I take a few bites, already seeing the differences between Gryffindor and Slytherin. I have never done my homework with all the Gryffindors at the time. I usually sit in the library all alone and after that help Harry and Ron with theirs. 

  “I would love to do homework together,” I smile, curious how it goes and if there are more differences between the houses. I rub over the Mark while I eat, it is not burning, but it is pulsing with magic. Draco and Theo are both frowning too. “Do you feel that?” I whisper. 

  They both nod, we can’t pull up our sleeves, because it will expose us. 

  “Are we being summoned?” Draco whispers, bending over to us. 

  “No, I think that will burn more and give a sensation of the need to get to him,” Theo answers. 

  I nod in agreement with him. “Maybe he is channeling us, is that possible?” 

  They both shrug, but we get distracted with owls flying inside the hall. I spot Achilles and hold out my arm for him, but he is followed by a small owl, carrying a red letter. “Well, shit,” I mumble. 

  Achilles lands, walking up my arm to my shoulder, bumping his head against mine in a way of greeting me. On his leg is a scroll, but before I can take it off, Pigwidgeon lands on my arm, quickly dropping the letter. 

  “Who sends you a Howler?” Daphne asks curiously. 

  Pig steals a piece of chicken and flies to the other side of the hall, towards the other Weasleys. 

  “Well fuck,” I say as the letter jumps up and transforms in a mouth. 

  The voice of a very angry Molly Weasley fills the hall. “HERMIONE JEAN GRANGER, I TREATED YOU LIKE MY OWN DAUGHTER AND THEN I GET A LETTER INFORMING ME THAT YOU CHANGED HOUSES. I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO DISAPPOINTED IN YOU. I THOUGHT YOU WOULD BE SMART, BUT YOU LEFT ALL YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY FOR A BOY LIKE DRACO MALFOY. HE DOESN'T DESERVE YOU, I WILL NEVER ALLOW YOU BACK INTO MY FAMILY. YOU DISGUST ME. IF YOU RATHER BE WITH SNAKES THAN THAT IS YOUR NEW HOME. I HOPE YOU STAY SMART AND OUT OF TROUBLE. I WILL ALWAYS PROTECT MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS, AND I WILL NOT THINK TWICE IF YOU HURT THEM AGAIN. I HAD A CONVERSATION WITH YOUR MUGGLE PARENTS AND EVEN THEY DON’T WANT TO HAVE CONTACT WITH YOU AGAIN, YOU ARE A DISGRACE. 

  THE WORST THING IS THAT I HAD TO HEAR IT FROM RON, YOU DIDN’T EVEN LET ANYONE KNOW…” 

  I am boiling with anger. “Incendio,” I snap. 

  “What is wrong with that woman,” snarls pansy. 

  I jump up and stalk over to the Gryffindor table, behind me the Slytherins follow. Achilles flies away from my shoulder. Ron is already standing and waiting for me. I pull my hand back and slap him across the face. “You fucking told your mother,” I hiss. “You pathetic little shit.” 

  His head snaps to the side with the force of the slap. As he turns back slowly I can see his anger burning in his eyes. “You deserve it. You are no longer part of this family.” 

  “You say that like I want to be a part of it,” I snarl, almost bearing my teeth like an animal. 

  My magic is pulsing through my body, adding to my anger, making me stronger. 

  “Did hear something about your Muggle parents,” he smirks and steps closer to me. 

  I have to look up at him, but I don’t care. “I don’t have Muggle parents.” 

  “So you just acted like a Muggleborn saint? What are you now, a half-blood slut?” 

  Before I can hit him again, I am grabbed around my middle and pulled away. 

  “Let go of me,” I scream, trying to grab my wand. “I’m going to…” 

  “Shut up,” Severus hisses in my ear. 

  Suddenly my arm starts to burn, I choke on the things I wanted to yell and whimper at the spreading pain. Severus is pulling me to the hallway. I quickly look around and see that nobody followed us. 

  “My arm,” I whisper. “I think I am being summoned. I don’t know what to do,” I whimper, all the anger is replaced by feeling terrified. 

  “Find a place where no one will see you, tap the mark with your wand and say 
  
    Sequor,
  
   it will bring you to him. Kneel, address him properly, be submissive,” he tells me quickly. “Come to me when you are back, you can Apparate to the outside of Hogwarts. You practiced this summer,” he encourages me. 
 
  I nod and run towards the first empty classroom I can find. As I pull up the sleeve of my blouse I am met with a slytherin snake on my arm. The pain stops as soon as I touch my wand to it and whisper the spell. I am sucked up in the darkness. 

  My feet touch the ground again, and I stumble forward. A hand grabs my arm to keep me from falling to the ground. 

  “First time can be difficult,” the Dark Lord tells me. “I am pleased that you came here so quickly.” 

  “Thank you, my Lord,” I kneel for him, showing him as much respect as possible, my heart beating out of my chest. 

  “You can sit, young Snape,” he orders. 

  As I look back up, I see that we are in the dining room of Malfoy Manor. The wards must accept us to enter like this. I sit down in my usual place, waiting for him to speak. 

  “I am very pleased to see the emerald color on you and the Slytherin emblem. It suits you,” he compliments. 

  “Thank you, my Lord. It feels good to be in the right house, surrounded by like minded people,” I tell him softly, trying to get my heartrate down. 

  “I do hope you left without getting too much attention. I have something special, only for you,” he grins, looking very creepy. 

  “I was already in the hallway, my Lord. Severus was with me and explained everything,” I am looking down at my hands, his red, slitted eyes are still very disturbing. 

  “Do you think you are worthy of a special mission?” he questions. 

  I swallow away the dryness in my throat. “I am, my Lord,” I tell him, looking him straight in the eyes. 

  “Everyone told me that you are a smart witch and clearly you are a powerful one. I want you to expand it, there are all types of magic. I think you are the person that can learn them, use them. That will be your secret mission, don’t let the others know.” 

  “I won’t, my Lord. I will show you that I am worthy of this opportunity.” 

  “You are dismissed,” he waves his hand. 

  I stand and bow to him. “My Lord,” and I walk out of the room. 
 
  I don’t want to try and Apparate when I am in the Manor, so I walk towards the front door. 

  “Hermione?” asks a soft voice. 

  I turn around and see Narcissa standing a few feet away. 

  “I am sorry for coming here, I was summoned,” I explain. 

  “Don’t worry about that, dear. I just wanted to ask if you are okay,” she smiles softly. 

  I smile back. “I’m fine.” 

  “Severus told me that you got really sick, he was really worried for you,” she steps closer, touching my shoulder. 

  “Yes, but everything is fine now. Should I give Draco your greetings?” I ask politely, trying to turn the conversation away from my death experience. 

  “Of course, how is he doing?” 

  “He is doing good, he takes amazing care of me, I feel so lucky.” 

  “You deserve it, dear. You can always rely on me, I am your Godmother after all.” 

  I smile up at her. “Thank you.” 

  “Goodnight, dear.” 

  “Goodnight, Narcissa.” 
 
  A soft wind is blowing, cooling down my heated cheeks. 
  
    I need help. How am I going to learn new magic that is not taught at school?
  
   I step forward, imagining where I want to go and feel the squeezing and tugging feeling of Apparition. Upon opening my eyes I am just in front of the gate. I look up at the castle, the sun just behind it, it looks magical. 
  
    I wish life was more simple, but I can't screw this up. The Dark Lord gives me a special mission. Me. He knows I am smart and powerful. I can do this. I need to do this perfectly. I need Severus’s help. 
  

  I storm up the path to the castle, enjoying the crunching sound from the little stones. In the castle I walk towards Severus’s personal room. I hide in a corner and Disillusion myself and I conjure the Map. My name is floating in the room of Dumbledore. 
  
    Who did it, I didn’t do that. Did the Dark Lord do that, making sure no one would find out I left school. I was only gone for an hour. 
  
  Severus doesn’t have class and he is in his quarters. I knock. 

  “What?” he snaps. 

  “I need you,” I tell him through the door. 

  I hear him stalk over to the door and open it, I slip inside underneath his arm. 

  “How are you?” he asks, looking me up and down. 

  “I’m fine, but I need your help. Can you teach me Occlumency and Legilimency?” 

  “Of course I can. What did the Dark Lord want?” he asks, frowning, while looking down at me. 

  “I need to learn more magic, different types. Get more powerful. It is a special mission for me, because he knows I am smart,” without thinking I add. “I need to show him that I can do this.” 

  Severus looks surprised. “You want to succeed?” 

  “Of course,” I roll my eyes. 

  Before I can explain he interrupts me. “Don’t roll your eyes, it is not proper.” 

  “Sorry,” I apologize. 

  “Every night, just after dinner, an hour. It will be hard, but you need to be mentally strong. It will take some time, but both your parents are natural Legilimens, so most likely you will be too. You already showed some of your powers. Changing a memory,” he has a small smile pulling on his lips. 

  “My mom was a Legilimens too?” I gasp. 

  “She was, but never used it much,” his smile is gone. 

  I nod, happy that I have another piece of information about my mother. “I will see you tonight, I need to get to my last class.” 

  “If someone asks, you were at Dumbledore’s office and got detention, every night, right after dinner.” 

  I smirk. “Sorry I didn’t earn Slytherin any points today, another day tomorrow.” 

  “What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?” he asks. 

  “Draught of the Living Death, funny,” I laugh. 

  “20 points for Slytherin,” he smirks. 

  “Thanks for detention, Father,” I tell him and leave his living quarters, walking to the next class. 
 
  We have a new teacher for Defence Against the Dark Arts, I already heard awful things about her, she is even compared to a toad! 

  The class is busy, laughing as someone created an origami bird and it is flying through the classroom. Blaise swats at the bird, changing the course it is flying. I follow it with my eyes as I sit down next to Draco, he saved me a seat. Blaise and Theo are sitting in front of us and Pansy and Astria behind us. Goyle tries to hit the bird with a pebble in a slingshot, but he misses miserably, clearly he is just awful in aiming all together. 

  The paper bird bursts into flames and little pieces of ash fall down above the Patil twins. I look around the room to see who set it on fire. My brows raise in surprise as a woman fully clothed in pink, looking like a Pygmy Puff, is standing in the back of the room. 

  She starts walking and with a simple flick of her hand letters appear on the board. 
  
    Ordinary Wizarding Level exams. 
  
  Her voice is way too high pitched as she pinches her nose closed. 

  She spreads out the books. I can’t wait to learn more advanced spells to defend myself and train more. I frown at the book in front of me. 
  
    Dark Arts Defence, Basics for Beginners. What the?
  
   I open the book and quickly notice it is only talking about theory, not mentioning the spells or the movements needed. It is the same in Draco’s copy, we frown at each other. 

  “There is nothing about using defencive spells,” Padma asks out loud. 

  The pink Pygmy Puff laughs at her. “Using spells? Well, I can’t imagine why you would need to use spells in my classroom,” her smile is creepy as she stands next to Padma. 

  “We’re not going to use magic?” asks Ron. 

  She snaps her eyes towards him. “You’ll be learning about Defensive spells in a secure and risk free way.” 

  Harry starts to argue with her and I push down the urge to defend him. I can feel the twitch in my legs to stand, but I keep my bum securely planted in my seat. Watching the scene in front of me unfold. 

  “What use is that, if we are going to be attacked, it won’t be risk free,” Harry argues. 

  “Students will raise their hands in this class,” the Pygmy Puff sneers, while keeping a smile on her face. “It is the view of the Ministry that a theoretical knowledge will be sufficient to pull you through your examination. Which, after all, school is all about.” 

  Before she can say more, Harry interupts her again. I want to shake my head, or tell him to stay quiet. 

  “And how is theory supposed to prepare us for what is out there?” Harry starts again. 

  He is not wrong. We are already being trained, we are already better than other students. They would die if they were sent out like this. 

  “There is nothing out there, dear,” Umbridge responds, getting annoyed. “Who do you imagine would attack children like yourself?” 

  
    Does she know about the Dark Lord? 
  

  “Oh, I don’t know, maybe, Lord Voldemort,” Harry quips. 

  The name sends a shock through my arm, and I flinch. I quickly look around the room to see if people noticed. Theo catches my eyes, his hand is rubbing over the hidden Mark. 
  
    Do we all feel pain if we hear that name? How is that possible? 
  
  Whispers break free throughout the class. 

  Multiple emotions flash over the face of Umbridge, but anger is the clearest one. She pushes it down and smiles again, but her eyes keep blazing. “Now, let me make this quite plain. You have been told that a certain Dark Wizard is at large, once again. This...is...a...lie.” 

  “It’s not a lie,” Harry pushes back. “I saw him, I fought him!” 

  “Detention, Mr. Potter,” she snaps and walks back to the front of the class. 

  Harry is not yet finished with her. “So according to you, Cedric Diggory just dropped dead of his own accord?” 

  “Cedric Diggory’s death was a tragic accident.” 

  “IT WAS MURDER. VOLDEMORT KILLED HIM, YOU MUST KNOW THAT!” 

  Another flash of pain shoots through my arm, I grind my teeth to keep from flinching again. 
  
    Why does he always use the name?
  
   

  The pink Pygmy Puff’s hair is getting out of place as her magic is waving off of her. “ENOUGH! Enough. See me later, Mr. Potter, my office,” she ends with a chuckle. 

  That can only mean trouble for him. 
  
    Why didn’t he just stop? Why go to the limit and beyond?  
  

  The lesson is ruined, we only have a few minutes to read the first chapter. The homework is to summarize the first three chapters before the next class. I grab my items and place them in my bag, Draco does the same. He holds my hand as we walk out, rubbing small circles on the back. I smile up to him, just before we enter the Great Hall he pulls me to a little corner. His hands dropping to my hips, his eyes going darker and a smirk pulling at his delicious lips. 

  I stand on my tiptoes as I kiss him, soaking up his scent and finding power in it. His hands squeeze me, pulling me closer to him. I can feel the outline of his cock against my belly. I want him, I want to feel him, taste him, come around him. 

  Before I can act on my needs and desires a voice breaks us apart. “Mr. Malfoy, Miss. Granger. It is lunch time, that is meant for food, not for conodeling. Go to the Great Hall.” 

  I sigh a bit annoyed but follow the orders. “Sorry, Professor McGonnagall,” I murmur. 

  Draco keeps silent but follows me. I think I can hear her whisper something under her breath about not recognizing me anymore. 
 
  I drop my bag and join the others at the table, Draco does the same. 

  “Snape really had to pull you off that Weasel,” Blaise laughs. 

  I roll my eyes. “Rather had he didn’t,” I growl and watch as Ron is staring at me. =

  “It was so hot to see you jump at him, you skirt riding up that arse of you,” Draco smirks and kisses my cheek. 

  I glare at him. “So you want the whole school to look at my arse?” 

  “Only when my handprint is on it,” he smirks proudly, getting a clap on the shoulder from Blaise, who is grinning. 

  “Are we done talking about my amazing arse?” 

  “Talking, yes,” Blaise starts. “Thinking…” 

  “Don’t finish that,” I groan. 

  Daphne grabs my hand over the table. I look up and smile at her. 
  
    It is all fun and games. Nobody at Gryffindor made a joke about my ass, they only saw me as a bookworm. I don’t even know why Ron, supposedly, fell in love with me. He only uses me for his homework. Can’t remember when he asked me a question. 
  
   

  “How long do you have detention?” Pansy asks, pulling me from my thoughts. 

  “Until Severus thinks I learned my lesson, every night after dinner. I bet I will be making potions to stock the hospital wing,” I lie easily. 

  “That is a good thing,” Blaise scoots over on the bench to sit on my other side. “Next time we hit some Gryffindors there are enough potions for them,” he laughs. 

  “In that case, I will just botch the potions and give them pimples all over their faces or something,” I laugh. 

  “Yes! You need to do that, add something to it! I volunteer to hit Ron,” Draco raises his hand. 

  We all laugh and look over at the Gryffindor table, they are watching us. I finish my food and stand up. 
 
  “I’ll walk you to the potions class,” Draco stands up, taking my bookbag and holding out his hand. 

  I wave bye to the others and we walk toward the dungeons. Severus was still sitting at the table when we walked out. I lean against Draco, thinking about the upcoming session with Severus. The task the Dark Lord gave will be so difficult, I don’t know how he thinks I will be able to succeed. I have never looked into other kinds of magic, how many could there even be. 

  “Do you think it is real detention, or will you be just talking a bit or something. Make your homework and call it a night? He is your father after all,” Draco asks as we walk up to the classroom. 

  “Probably real,” I roll my eyes. “We can’t let people know he treats us differently for some reason.” 

  “You know,” he starts as he turns towards me, looking down at me. “Since you are in detention, that makes you a bad girl,” he is smirking at me. 

  I gasp, acting shocked. “Oh no, how could I, you called me a good girl this morning. What will you do?” I flutter my lashes at him. 

  “Maybe I should teach you a lesson,” he whispers near my ear and bites me, pulling a sound between a yelp and a moan from my lips. 

  “Mr. Malfoy,” sounds a deep voice from behind us. “Keep your hands, lips and other body parts from my daughter. You are at school, all the portraits are talking about you two and your display of affection for each other.” 

  A blush creeps up my neck, but Draco is smirking and looking proud as he steps away from me. 

  Without looking at Severus he walks away. “Good luck with detention,” he calls out. 
 
  I enter the classroom and wait for more instructions. 

  "Don't make me see more intimate moments between the two of you, I have seen enough over the past year," he remarks.

  “Maybe I should find someone else to teach me then,” I snap back. “You don’t get to judge me for this. He is there for me, even in the moments I thought I had nobody.”

  “Sit down,” he snaps back. 

  I glare at him. 

  “You have no one else to teach you, I am the best there is. The Dark Lord trusts you, wants you to grow within the group. If he ever finds out you are part of the Order, you are dead.” 

  I roll my eyes, annoyed. “Great pep talk, thanks,” I sneer sarcastically. “As if I don’t already feel the weight on my shoulders. I need to get more powerful, learn magic that I don’t know anything about. You know how the Dark Lord is, I have to work twice as hard as the others. I am still less than them. How am I going to complete his task?” I shriek. 

  Severus walks towards me, putting his hands on my shoulders and guiding me towards a chair. I sit down and he keeps pressure on me. “You will complete it with my help. We are in this together. You can come here, every spare second you have. Keep books here and practice. I will give you a note so you can take more books from the Restricted Section to here. Every evening we can practice, not only Legillimancy, but anything you need.” 

  I look up with tears in my eyes. “Why would you help me?” I sniffle. 

  “You are my daughter, with the bravery and recklessness from your mother.”  

  “Was she a Gryffindor?” I ask, still teary eyed. 

  He nods and I watch the mental shields go up, his eyes turn to a dull black. I don’t ask more questions about her, even if I have about a thousand. 

  “Teach me,” I ask, watching him. 

  “Before you can penetrate someone's mind you must learn to protect your own. It is all about meditating, building walls in your mind, making them stronger. I can help you start them.” 

  Severus grabs a chair and sits down in front of me. We watch each other, I take in the lines of his face, the deep black eyes, which are actually the darkest shade of brown, he has a light stubble along his cheeks. 

  I don’t really recognise myself in him, except the black hair, but I still keep that covered up. 

  “The first thing you need to do is focus, meditate and feel the magic in your body. It will be key for all the magic you will learn.” 

  I nod and I close my eyes as a pressure starts building at my temple, with a sharp burst of pain I feel him inside of my head. His presence feels like a dark shadow inside my brain. When he starts to move I see flashes of memories. I focus on the way he is categorizing them, pushing them to a little corner. Happiness, moments with Draco flashes by, sadness, Harry after Cedric died, anger, Ron throwing magic at me, shock, Molly slapping me. I start helping, finding memories and pushing them towards the matching emotions. 

  Severus starts building the walls, I visualize the bricks being stacked, higher and higher, from the ground to the ceiling. It is creating a house and each emotion is in a room. I close the door on the emotions and start laying down a layer of bricks. I create hallways, empty rooms and more doors. 

  My body is covered in sweat and my head feels like it is going to explode. Severus pulls back and is also misted with sweat. He walks away from me and starts rifling through a cabinet. When he turns back he has two vials in his hands, he uncorks one and drinks it. His face relaxes more as he hands me the other vial. I sniff before I drink it, I am met with a herbal smell, indicating it is a pain potion. I quickly tip back my head and let it settle inside of me, the pain is almost immediately gone. 

  “As I thought, a natural,” Severus comments. 

  “How do I keep them in place?” I ask and walk over to him. 

  “Keep adding memories to the rooms, expand the house, more hallways. Make it a maze. When someone wants to find something it will take time and that gives you the opportunity to strengthen your walls or move the memories. You can create rooms with memories of certain people, certain moments. If you want to hide things, create a basement, make it dark and far away from everything else.” 

  I am shocked with how much he explains, in class he is always ready with short answers. 

  He hands me a note. 
  
    Hereby I give Miss Granger permission to take books from the Restricted Section for a project. - Professor Snape. 
  

  The point behind his name is more like a stab at the paper. 

  “Practice every moment you get, but don’t make it obvious. Compartmentalizing is something you do inside of your head, splitting up the memories and putting them away. It makes you stare and your eyes glaze over. If you do it in public people might notice.” 

  I nod again. 

  “Let’s get you to the Common Room, you have homework to do.” 

  I glance at the clock and notice that we spend over three hours in my mind. It feels different, for the first time in months my mind is clear. I can focus again, like it is just a normal year, no Voldemort, no Death Eaters, not being a spy. 

  I think I can do the task Voldemort gave me, I can prove my worth to him. 

  “Can’t I get a pass for Potions?” I smirk. 

  “Absolutely not, you will not fall behind in Potions, I can’t have that.” 

  “Because I am a Slytherin or because I am your daughter?” I raise my eyebrow, mimicking one of his very known expressions. 

  “Both,” he answers and starts walking toward the door. 

  I follow him and in silence we make the short walk towards the Common Room. 

  “Pureblood,” he sneers at the hidden entrance. 

  “I hate that password,” I comment softly. 

  I am not the only Halfblood in Slytherin, but it is clear that almost everyone is a Pureblood. 

  “Maybe in a year you have the power to demand a change,” he offers and a tiny smile tugs at his lip. 

  I don’t comment, but step inside. 
 
  The room is mostly empty, except for a group of people in the back, spread out over multiple couches and chairs in front of a blazing fire. They look up and Draco is already walking over to me. His strides are long, his eyes are molten grey and burning with desire. He pulls me towards him in a matter of seconds, his hand spread out on the back of my head. Our lips crashing together, his tongue sweeping along the seam of my lips, requesting entrance. I gasp and he takes advantage of it, I can only squeeze my thighs together for some form of friction to lessen the sudden burst of desire burning in my lower stomach. 

  A sudden sting spreads over my bum and the pain combined with the intensity of the kiss makes me moan, I buck my hips forward to meet with Draco. 

  “For the love of Salazar, get off my daughter Malfoy!” sneers Severus.

  I swirl around and see that he has his wand raised. 
  
    Did he send a soft stinging hex at my bum and I moaned? Oh Salazar, let the ground swallow me whole please. 
  

  “Horny teenagers, no decency is left. Act like the status you hold, keep such displays private,” he hisses and continues in an angry whisper. “The Dark Lord doesn’t want teenagers in the ranks. You two are each other's weaknesses and you are flaunting it. Grow up!” 

  I flinch at his words. It is true, my love for Draco can be used against me. We can’t have the Dark Lord hearing about our displays, we need to be serious. We are powerful and we should show that side to the world. 

  “You are right, I am sorry,” I contemplate if I want to say the word on the tip of my tongue. “Professor,” I add, staying with the safe word. 

  “Sorry, Professor,” Draco follows. 

  Severus whips around, his robes flowing behind him as he leaves. 

  “How are you?” Draco asks as he rubs over my arm. 

  I look up and give him a smile. “I’m good, I had to make potions and now I need to do my homework.” 

  “We will help you,” Draco murmurs as we walk towards the others. 

  Each one has a potion book on their laps and is scribbling on parchment. 

  “We just started,” Theo smiles up at me. 

  Draco pulls me down on the couch, I grab my books from my bookbag. The rest of the night is spent making homework and helping each other. It is so different from Gryffindor, here everyone wants to achieve the highest marks in the class. 

   

  
  
  
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  I feel exhausted. I have been working on the Dark Lords task for weeks, every evening I am working with Severus. Every day we would spend an hour testing my mental walls and the other hours we would both bend over thick books, filling pages of parchment with notes and findings. The other houses still think I am in detention, but I don’t keep up the lie for the Slytherins. They see me walk around with Severus, see our bond change. I kept my mental shields up, strengthened them and expanded them. Tonight we are focusing on Legilimency and afterwards I want to try the first type of new magic. It was the first one I found, even before I got the task. 
 
  I poke at the food that is laying on my plate, I’m feeling nervous. I understand the theory of the magic, but I haven’t tried it and the Dark Lord wants progress. If I fail he will torture me, I can’t be tortured again. 

  “It is your birthday tomorrow,” Draco whispers against my ear, his lips tickling me. 

  “You remember,” I smile softly. 

  “Of course, will you be with Snape tonight?” 

  “Yes, but I will be back before midnight,” I turn to him with a seductive smile taking over, looking at him from underneath my lashes. “I want to start my sixteenth birthday with a bang.” 

  “I can help with that, want to go up to the Astronomy Tower?” his eyes are darkening. 

  I nod and give him a peck on the lips. “I must go,” I say as I catch Severus’ gaze as he inclines his head. A subtle way to let me know he is finished and we can go. 

  “Good luck, I will be waiting for you.” 

  “You better be,” I smile back as he hands me my bag. 

  He stands with me, I tilt my head back. We have limited our public displays of affection, but every now and then we have our little moments. He raises his hand, pressing his thumb to the corner of my mouth, wiping away the little drop of sauce. I lick my lips as he sucks on his thumb. 
  
    That is a promise of a good night. 
  

  I say bye to the others with a quick wave and walk towards the dungeons. Severus is standing in front of the door, waiting for me. He greets me with a silent nod as we walk in. I make myself comfortable on his couch, I spend extra time working on my shields today, so a headache is already forming. 

  I watch him pull off his outer robe, laying it over the large chair and he sits in it. “How are you?” 

  “I’m good, what about you?” I retort his small talk as I feel him trying to enter my mind. 

  He smiles as he feels the strength. “I am alright. Did you finish your homework already?” 

  I keep the small talk going. “Potion was easy today and Draco and I made a perfect potion in class.” 

  “That you did,” his fingers hovering over his lips, as if he is thinking and not trying to find my darkest secret. 

  I decide to try it for myself, we talked about the theory of it. 
  
    Use your mind as a knife, slice it through the mental walls, pierce them. Use violence to get what you want. Imagine your goal, uncover their secrets and use it against them. 
  

  He frowns at me as he probably feels the pressure at his temple. Over the last few weeks he has used this exact method. Try at the temple and when you feel the walls pushing you out, then you strike at another place, like a viper. Repeat as often as needed, there must be a slip up at some point and otherwise you try at another moment, making it unexpected. 

  The feeling is unexpected as I am sucked into his mind, images flash in front of my eyes. I see young students walking through the halls. Maybe first years? There is a girl walking with reddish hair, she reminds me of Ginny, but it is not her. A guy with wild black hair, is walking next to her. In front of them there is a long and slender guy with another guy next to him, long black hair. The moment he turns I gasp as I recognise the intense grey eyes.

  “Sirius!” I gasp and I’m pushed out of Severus’ mind. “What was that?” I ask. 

  “Get out!” he snaps. 

  “No! Explain,” I snap back. 

  I want to know why I saw, and why that memory was important. Why was it at the front of his mind? Does it mean something or was it just a random memory? No, it means something, I can tell by his expression. He is angry. He didn’t expect me to break through his mental walls. 

  “Get out,” he repeats  

  “Fine!” I snarl and quickly leave the room. A plan has popped into my mind, but I need to hurry. 
 
  I run towards Dumbledore's office, luckily I always have my Marauders Map with me and see that he is walking towards Hagrid’s Hut. 

  “Sherbert Lemon,” I announce to the gargoyle, but nothing happens. “Acid Pops,” I try, again nothing. “Fuck you, Albus,” I hiss annoyed. Why did he have to change the password? “Chocolate Frog,” and the gargoyle starts to turn. 

  I quickly slip in, move towards the fireplace. The flames turn green as I throw in the Floo Powder. 

  “Grimmauld Place,” I announce and step into the fire.

  I step out of the fireplace into the sitting room of Grimmauld Place. Sirius rounds the corner with his wand out and pointing at me. The moment he recognizes me his wand lowers a little, but not all the way. I frown at his reaction. 

  “Hermione, what are you doing?” still keeping his wand pointed at me. 

  “I need to ask you something, I think it is important, but I am in a hurry,” I tell him, while I keep my hand over my own wand in my pocket. “Why don’t you lower your wand?” I'm a bit hurt. 

  “You are a Slytherin now and I heard things, Albus told us that you won’t come here anymore,” he explains, not taking his eyes off me. 

  “Did he now,” I grumble. “I know it isn’t planned for me to come here, but I just saw a memory of Severus and you are in it. I’m training in Occlumency and Legillimancy, I guess I broke through his walls and saw a memory. He didn’t expect it, but I also got a feeling. I can’t explain it,” I ramble on. 

  His wand lowers and he nods towards the couch. “If I’m in the memory it is probably not good,” his mouth curves up. “Tell me about it.” 

  “Can’t I show you?” I offer, hoping I can project a memory, would be a good training moment. 

  He nods and turns more towards me. I stare at his grey eyes and try not to lose myself in them. They are so dark and full of mischief. 
  
    Okay, focus, Hermione. 
  
  I shake my head as I focus on the memory and imagine myself pushing it out, towards Sirius. It feels like I’m pushing a wall and it is not moving. 

  “Touch me, it might help,” he offers and holds out his hand. 

  I keep the focus and push, as I grab his hand the wall is gone and I feel myself enter his mind as we both watch the memory again. It only takes a few seconds before I am back in my own mind, alone. “Do you remember it?” I ask. 

  He nods, but adverts his eyes. “It is not a pretty memory, I know it is important to him. Lily told him that they are not friends anymore. Severus was obsessed with her, or in love, I don’t know. But he didn’t accept that she was a Gryffindor and friends with us, James, Remus and I. One afternoon he was with the Slytherins and saw Lily and James. James was taunting him, making him jealous that Lily likes him more. Eventually Severus called Lily a Mudblood, James flipped and they fought.” 

  I frown and am a bit shocked, Severus loved Lily at school, but he called her that awful name. 

  “The memory you saw was when he tried to talk to her again after a few days. James stood up for her, but she told Severus that they weren’t friends anymore and that he should leave her alone. We all laughed and agreed with her, saying mean things.” 

  “So he got his feelings hurt,” I summarize. “Why would it be in the front of his mind?” I ask myself again. 

  
    Is it something to do with Lily or James, or both?
  
   

  We sit for a moment in silence and I still feel annoyed by the fact that he didn’t want to lower his wand when he saw it was me. “You know,” I start. “I’m still me, even though I wear green.” 

  “I know,” he answers after a moment. “I need to be careful and realistic. You now live with Slytherins all around you.”

  I roll my eyes. “Oh, that changes everything of course. You sound just like Molly, I bet she has been angry and ranting in meetings, right?” I snarl. 

  “Yes, she told us some things about your behaviour, especially your anger and then Albus told us that you would not be joining us anymore, that it would be too dangerous.”

  
    Okay, wow, they really do all believe what Dumbledore says without thinking
  
  . Sirius looks conflicted, but he lays his hand on mine and I snap up my eyes to meet his. “I’m sorry, Hermione. I know you, you would not come here without cause or ill will.” 

  “It’s fine,” I pull my hand back and stand up. 

  “Don’t leave, we could talk and have a drink,” he offers. 

  I shake my head and turn away. “Thank you for the help Sirius, but I won’t come here again, we should follow Dumbledore’s orders, like dogs,” I sneer. 

  I step forward and pick up a handful of Floo Powder. 

  “Hermione,” he starts again and I look back at him. “Happy Birthday,” he tells me and gives me a small smile. 

  I nod and turn back, throwing out the powder and stepping inside the flames. “Hogwarts,” I announce and feel myself getting sucked into the Floo. 
 
  “Miss Granger,” I hear the deep voice of Dumbledore.

  
    Shit. 
  

  “I needed to see Sirius, didn’t know that I couldn’t, but won’t happen again,” I brush him off. 

  If he is angry, he doesn’t show it on his face. “Why did you need to see him?” he simply asks. 

  I frown at him and feel the pressure of Legilimency against my mental shields. “You know I can feel that right,” I tell him, but the pressure doesn’t go away, still searching for a weak point. His strategy is a lot more subtle, but I still feel it and it is annoying. 

  “You are strong,” he remarks. “We can’t risk Grimmauld Place, it is too important for the Order. We need to keep it safe and the Dark Lord can see it in your mind if he ever catches you off guard or is forceful. You can’t go there any more, you can’t send letters with Sirius anymore. You are surrounded by Death Eaters.” 

  “So I am no longer a spy?” I ask. “Fine, I won’t bother finding more information for you to use, I won’t put myself in any more danger for you.” 

  Before I can leave the room he says one last thing. “You will tell your findings to Severus, he will report back to me.” 

  “You can’t order me around like that,” I snap. 

  “I can and I will, unless you want your Dark Lord to know what you did,” he threatens. 

  “He would kill me,” I tell him matter of factly. 

  “I know,” he responds with a straight face. 

  I scoff, shake my head and walk away. In the hallway I snap my fingers and focus on the 
  
    Tempus
  
   spell, the time hovers in the air and I wave it away. I quickly walk towards the Astronomy Tower with just minutes to spare before midnight. 
 
  Draco is dressed in a black suit and the contrast with his hair is amazing, epic, should not be legal. I want to undress him with my teeth, kiss and worship every inch of skin I reveal. 

  “What is the password?” he smirks down at me. 

  I’m still dressed in my Slytherin sweater and skirt, but I know he likes the idea of a naughty school girl. “Potter Stinks,” I smile back, not cringing anymore when I say it. Harry is not my friend anymore, I can’t have that and be a burden in my tasks as a Death Eater or Slytherin. 

  “Good girl,” he praises as he steps aside. 

  I walk up the last few steps. The whole indoor platform is decorated with small glowing flames hovering above us. On the floor are blankets and pillows spread out, looking out over the Black Lake and the night sky. 

  He is standing in front of me and I have to look up at him, his hair is parted and lightly combed back, nothing like his first year hair. This suits him more, he looks like wizard royalty, which he kind of is as a Malfoy, but now he really looks the part. A few strands have escaped and are laying playfully on his forehead, giving me the urge to either brush them back in place or mess up his whole hair while having intense sex. 

  “I have something for you, but before I give it to you,” he licks his lips. “You need to close your mouth and stop having the bend-me-over-and-fuck-me-hard expression,” his signature smirk is back as he pulls me forward, against his body and I can feel his very hard cock pressing against my stomach.

  I swallow quickly, as I close my mouth and look away. 

  “I love that expression, but rather give you the gift first and then fuck you sensless.” 

  “Sounds like a plan,” I smile. 

  He opens his jacket and pulls out a black velvet square box. “I put the spells on it myself. Happy birthday, Hermione,” he whispers as he kisses me softly. 

  His lips leave mine and he opens the box, nestled in the velvet is a golden bracelet. I pick it up and see all the details. It is a snake, wrapped around twice, the tale and head both sticking out on opposite sides. 

  “I love it,” I gasp as I slide it on. The head is resting on my hand, the body wrapped around my wrist and the tale laying on my arm. I can feel the magic pulsing from it and I touch the head lightly. The bracelet ripples and adjusts around my arm, now it fits snug and moves along with my hand, it doesn’t constrict me. “Draco,” I start. “This is amazing, you are so skilled, I love it, I love you.” 

  He is smiling at me as he takes out his wand from a hidden pocket in the jacket. “You haven’t even seen all it can do,” he taps the bracelet. “
  
    Stigmata,” 
  
  he casts the spell and the snake tightens around me and disappears, sinking into me and changing into a gold tattoo. 

  I run my fingers over it, but I feel almost nothing, just slightly raised lines. The snake moves again, as if it feels my touch and responds to it. 

  “You can wear it everywhere on your body. Just uncoil it and wrap it around where you want it. It can become a tattoo for times you don’t want to wear jewelry or when you can’t. Use 
  
    Stigmata 
  
  to make it into a tattoo and 
  
    Stigmata Revelare 
  
  to turn it back.” 

  “Draco, your magic is beautiful,” I am overcome by emotions, I wrap my arms around him and jump up. 

  His Seeker reflexes kick in and he catches me and holds me up as our lips meet. The beginning of the evening is forgotten for now, there is only Draco and our love for each other. 

  He lowers himself to the blankets, keeping me on top of him, that move alone must be assisted by magic. I lean back, breaking our kiss and running my hands over his chest, the top two buttons are already loose, showing a bit of his skin. While I start unbuttoning the shirt I grind against him, giving myself sweet sparks of pleasure as I move my clit along his length. 

  With the last button opened I let my hands rake over him, his hands are on my ass, pushing me down harder. My patience is running low and I close my eyes, focussing in the hope I don’t ruin his suit. 

  “
  
    Amaveo
  
  ,” I almost moan as I grind harder. Researching very old books has its perks, learning new spells. 

  The clothes on our bodies disappear, I open my eyes and see them reappear stacked in the corner. Shock shoots through me as now his naked cock is laying in between my legs, warm and pulsing. I look back at him and my mouth drops open, I shift my gaze to my hand where the gold tattoo of a snake is wrapped around. On Draco’s shoulder is the same snake, but in silver, wrapped around his upper arm, the head coming up from the back of his shoulder, resting near his collarbone. 

  “Touch it,” he encourages me, his voice husky. 

  I do as I am told, letting my finger caress the head. The tattoo moves and I feel a wave of magic flow through my body towards my own. “Are they linked?” 

  “Yes, as long as we both wear them, either as tattoos or as jewelry, we can feel each other. If any of us are in trouble we can send a burst of energy through it, alerting the other and giving the option to track it.” 

  “Why?” I ask as my throat closes, the threat of Dumbledore surfacing to the front of my mind. I know the answer, but I want to hear it, to have my suspicion confirmed. 

  “Soon there will be a war, and I cannot face it if I don’t have a way to get to you if something goes wrong.” 

  I release a ragged breath. “It works both ways, right?” 

  He nods. 

  “Can you feel accidental flares of magic?” 

  “Yes, but again it goes both ways. Each type of magic has its own feeling, if you are angry, sad or scared, magic is tied to emotions. It might take a while to get used to the different ones and know what is happening with the other, but it is a way for us to protect each other.” 

  Tears spillover and fall on his chest. Not only is there going to be a war, but we are going to be in the middle of it, we will be fighting in it. It is going to be bad and dangerous, he doesn’t even know how in the middle I am. Should I be? It would be safer to choose one side, but which one? I can’t leave Draco or the other Slytherins behind if I choose the Order. Even if they would come with me, the Order doesn’t trust us, in their eyes we are all Death Eaters. They don’t trust Severus and he has been giving them information for over a decade. 

  The side of the Dark Lord isn’t the right side, but it is safe. I will have my father, boyfriend and friends, that is what the other Slytherins are, friends. They stand up to the Gryffindors, we laugh, make homework, they value me and don't use me. 

  If I have important information that can save lives of innocent people, I will tell Severus about it, but only if it outweighs my own life and safety. I’m not Albus Dumbledore’s pet, to order around. 

  Draco wipes away my tears and I bend forward to kiss him, tasting the salt from my tears. I let go of the sadness and move my focus back to the here and now, to the naked, hot boyfriend underneath me. My eyes move towards his snake tattoo, it gets me hot all over again. That he would create something so beautiful for us, with the extra spells to always find our way to each other. 

  “You can always change the color of the snake to black,” he explains and shows it on his snake. The color ripples from the head towards the tail, the black looks even better on him. It stands out more, making him look like a stereotypical bad boy. An image of him flashes before my eyes, he is older, but not old, maybe twenty-eight years-old, with longer hair and his body covered in tattoos. 

  I move my hips again, and he let out a soft sigh of relief. It spurs me on, getting back in the rhythm of before. He pushes up and when I come down he fills me up. I’m pushing myself down to the base, letting him stretch me as I clench around him. 

  His eyes are blown wide when he looks up at me. “Are you going to ride me like a good girl?” 

  “Yes,” I moan and rise. “Yes,” I gasp as I let myself glide down along his shaft. “Yes!” I let out loudly as the tip of his cock hit that spot inside of me and he simultaneously touches my clit.  

  I bounce on top of him, squeezing him and feeling all the ridges of his cock move through me. It isn’t often that I am in control, but before I can come he grips my hips and flips us. His hair tickles my face as I move my hands through it and pull. 

  He takes full control, and I love it. He hooks an arm underneath my leg, opening me up more and giving himself more space to slam into me. The speed increases and my toes start to curl, legs trembling and my stomach hardening as the orgasm is chasing its way out of my body. 

  “Touch my tattoo,” he demands through his teeth as he is also close to coming. 

  I bend forward at the same time as he grabs my wrist. Our lips touch each other’s tattoo and the magic shoots through us, as if we opened a door between us. The orgasms hit us at the same time, the coil inside me snaps and I can feel his cock jerking inside of me. Some hidden force makes me open my eyes. The white blue wisps of magic that I sometimes see around my fingers are all around us, swirling around us. They are linked to our emotions and right now it looks like a personal show of fireworks as they zoom around us. 

  The aftershocks of the orgasm start to fade away, leaving me satisfied and sleepy. The wisps of magic start to fade until there is nothing visible but I can still feel the humm of them. I feel the magic wrapped around my right wrist, the dark magic on my left forearm, but there is something else, another kind of magic on my face. It doesn’t feel like mine or Draco’s, it is powerful and a bit raw feeling, it is in my eyes. That can only mean that it is hiding something, just like magic hid my natural dark hair. 

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    “Finite,” I try as I glare at myself in the mirror, wand pointed at my eyes. Nothing happens, I expected that, but it was worth giving it a shot.
“Manifesto,” I try, remembering older spells. “Ostendo,” I wait. “Retego,” again nothing happens. “Discoperiet”
I let out a frustrated growl at my reflection as I keep staring at the dark brown eyes, but I know there is a spell on them, I can feel the weight of it. I only have one more spell left to try and lift it, but I need to hurry otherwise I will be late for potions class. Draco was worried when I told him I wasn’t hungry and needed to do something before class. Now I am hiding in the Moaning Myrtle's bathroom, but she is quietly watching me, which is unusual for her.
I swirl my wand and say the spell at the same time, almost poking myself in the eye. “Privo.”
I stomp my foot in frustration as again nothing happens, I can feel the soft wave of magic flowing over me and the only thing that changed after the first spell was my hair. I asked Severus to give me back my curly brown hair, I felt like it was too much change for one day. The curls have stretched to waves, now coming halfway down my back.
“It looks really pretty,” Myrtle comments in her high pitched voice.
I look at her via the mirror and give her a little smile. “Do you think I should keep it like this?”
“I do, it is shiny and looks soft, the curls are very…” she thinks about her next word. “Fluffy.”
I shrug and can’t deny it even though it was better than before. One morning Pansy barged into the room, slammed down two bottles and demanded that I wash my hair with only that and let the conditioner sit for at least five minutes before rinsing it out.
“And for the love of Salazar, don’t rub your hair together to dry it with a towel.”
After that she taught me a spell to dry my hair without making it frizzy, so my curly hair has been looking better than before.
“Thank you,” I tell Myrtle again and turn away from the mirror, facing her before hurrying to the Potions classroom.
I’m already late, but wearing ankle boots with heels is still quite new to me. Daphne has been lending me shoes almost every day since becoming a Slytherin. Every morning I hear a knock at the door and when I open it, there is a pair of shoes waiting for me. Every evening I do the same to her, placing the shoes in front of her door and knocking, before quickly walking back to the dorm I share with Draco, Blaise and Theo.
Not one Slytherin has mentioned the sleeping arrangement, but they all know. They don’t whine that it is unfair or shouldn’t be allowed. Maybe it is because I am sharing it with a Malfoy, Nott and Zambini and they are all viewed in high regard. Or maybe it is that they know about the upcoming war, since most of them are Pureblood and their parents know more about the true situation.
I still have nightmares, but Draco wakes me before they get too intense. He rubs my back, pulls me close to him and makes sure I feel as safe as possible. His nose pressed into my hair, as he whispers sweet affirmations.
I swing open the door to the Potions class without thinking, too lost in my thoughts. Everyone looks back in shock as the door slams against the stone wall.
“Sit down,” Severus snaps, as I interrupted his opening lecture.
“Sorry, Father,” slips out but I don’t even notice it.
I’m still angry because of yesterday, the way he dismissed me, treating me like I’m a child. He probably already knows I went to see Sirius, Dumbledore tells him everything.
He looks at me, eyes wide and mouth slightly hanging open. “Just sit,” he tells me after a second. “Turn to page 394.”
I walk to my spot, next to Draco, who is looking at me with one eyebrow raised in a silent question.
“What?” I hiss, still no clue what I did wrong.
“Since when do you call him Father?” he whispers back.
“I don’t.”
“You did,” he remarks. Theo leans over the desk with a wide smile. “You totally did, and I like the hair.”
Draco frowns as he notices the black waves, he takes a strand in his hand and pulls on it softly. “My behaviour is rubbing off on you,” he grins.
“You always rub off on me,” I quip back. “But what do you mean?”
“Since you are an official Slytherin you dress better and take care of yourself, you don’t let someone else talk shit about you and you are polite. I would say I am an amazing improvement to your life, I think your Father, my godfather, agrees with me,” he smirks.
“Oh shut up,” I roll my eyes, but grin. Severus would agree with him, since we are building a relationship, something he probably didn’t imagine before. I’m not mad about that either, and I really like the other Slytherins, my friends. If only there wasn’t a war about the start.
Severus shows us how to make a Strengthening Solution. Today we do the first part and let it sit for a few days, in the next class we will finish it. To preserve the potion Severus casts a powerful spell on his potion, I can feel the raw magic wave over me. I’m stunned, I recognize the powerful rawness of it. He put the spell on my eyes. I expected it, but didn’t want to believe it for some reason. It is a different spell than my hair and I tried the incantation he did on my eyes, but nothing happened. Why would he use different spells?
I put aside my annoyance and start to prepare the ingredients with Draco.
“You are quiet,” he remarks softly after a while.
“I’m thinking,” I admit.
My mind won’t slow down, I need to know. What is he hiding? Will he ever tell me all the secrets? What can be so devastating that such a powerful spell is necessary? I think it is a really old spell, that gives the least amount of chances someone accidentally removes it. How can I figure this out. Can I slip into his mind again, he is distracted and I don’t think he expects me to try it here in public.
I glance up and notice that he is on the side with all the Gryffindors, watching them and lecturing on everything they are doing wrong. He doesn’t need to pay much attention to the Slytherins, we all know the potion, he taught us last summer.
He is going to be very angry, but I’m angry too.
“Can you watch the potion, I need to try something and I don’t want people to notice me,” I smirk at him, hopefully making him think that I’m going to pull a prank on the Weasel.
He nods and we switch places, I sit on the edge of the chair and focus on Severus. I hold my wand next to me, out of sight. Might as well create some more drama. Harry is about to add Pomegranate Juice, does he even read the instructions, the recipe calls for Salamander Blood. The color is close in resemblance, but how can you change those up, pomegranate juice is more translucent. Maybe he needs new glasses or simply pay attention.
Before Severus notices the difference and can intervene, Harry tilts the bottle over the potion. You only need to add a few drops, which you should measure out before and not just above the cauldron. I flick my wand and with my wordless spell he drops the bottle in the potion.
“Oops,” is the only thing he says before looking up at Severus, but it is too late, the potion turns grey and bubbles aggressively, while smoke is already forming. In just a second a foul, rotting smell hits us.
“What did you do, Potter,” Severus sneers.
I hold on to my wand tighter, focus on the back over Severus’ head and imagine that I am a sharp spear, shattering his mental walls and entering his mind. I lock eyes on the base of his skull, imagining myself going up. I whisper, so softly and hoping no one will hear the spell. “Legillemency.”
I become the spear, shooting through the classroom, hitting him at the base of his skull and the walls breaking for me. For a second I am overwhelmed with all the emotions hitting me.
Anger, while looking down at the ruined potion and trying to reverse it. Shock at the sudden feeling. Surprise when he realises what is happening. Admiration and back to anger.
I hear an echo of my own voice, from today. Sorry, Father. Sorry, Father. Father. Father. Father. Flashes of my face fly by, the black hair. It was the only thing he noticed and I can feel his shock as he takes me in.
“How dare you, in class,” he hisses in his mind.
“You keep secrets, I know you have put a spell on my eyes,” I hiss back.
Making him think of it helps with finding the memories about it. This is all new for me, but I focus on my intention, finding what is wrong with my eyes. I keep triggering him to think about them, while he tries to push me out of his mind, but I am very determined.
“What is wrong with my eyes? Why hide them?” I ask.
It feels like I’m standing in the middle of a cross point and instead of cars flashing by, it is memories. They are fast and I try to grab one to see what it is about, but the direction keeps shifting, making me dizzy.
I see flashes of Hogwarts, slightly different robes, I can hear Sirius’ voice and a soft female voice, Lily. Flashes of her red hair and suddenly it is dark. I watch as I walk up the stairs of a destroyed house, a male is laying on it. Eyes wide open, black hair that can’t be tamed. I try to leave Severus’ mind, but I’m stuck, going along with the memory. We step over James, not even looking at him. I’m overwhelmed by a feeling of despair. We walk into a nursery, I hear a baby crying, and in front of the crib is a body. Red hair fanned out over the floor, bright green eyes staring into nothing. Severus falls to the ground, pulling the lifeless body to him, burying his face in the crook of her neck.
“I’m sorry, so sorry,” he cries. “I should have helped. I failed you. I failed her,” he repeats.
He looks up into another pair of bright green eyes, a baby, with a round tear streaked face with black hair.
I am pushed out of his mind, I stumble from the chair. Severus whirls around, glaring at me.
Draco turns to me with a frown. “What did you do?”
“Something bad,” I answer as bile is rising up my throat.
I just saw his most heartbreaking memory, something Harry hasn’t seen like this. His parents were just killed and Severus the one to find them. Why did I do this. Why make him relive it. Why am I so selfish?
I feel disgusted with myself, and quickly grab my back. He is still watching me as I run away from the room. I don’t know how much time we spend in his mind, it feels like hours, but that is not possible, someone would have known what was happening. Draco doesn’t know what I did, so it couldn’t have been long.
I rush into Moaning Myrtle’s bathroom, falling to my knees in front of the toilet and dry heaving. The lack of breakfast is working against me, my stomach is empty and the only thing that is coming up is acid. Burning it’s way up my throat. I accept it, I deserve the pain. I broke his thrust. How can I make this up to him? Everyone knows he is a very private person, doesn’t share personal information or likes small talk. I just barged my way into his mind, found that memory and I couldn’t leave. Once I set the memory in motion we were both stuck, forced to watch it.
I think about baby Harry, his big green eyes, rimmed with red because of the crying. As the acid keeps burning me as I throw up a second time, some coming through my nose, something irks me about the memory. I heard crying, terrible wails of pain and suffering, loud and constant. Yet when Severus looked up, Harry was watching him, mouth closed.
I wipe my mouth, nose and chin with toilet paper, already seeing the faint smears of blood on it. I flush it all away and make sure the toilet is clean, before walking over to the sink. Myrtle is either not here or she is keeping quiet and hiding.
I stare at my face while I’m washing my hands, I see the expected drop of blood fall from my nose. Instead of reacting to it, I watch it, it falls in the sink, creating a splatter. As I look back at my face I watch as more droplets start to fall, running over my lip and dropping to the sink. Some run over both my lips and chin.
I expected it to happen, and almost welcomed it. Now I look as rotten as I am on the inside. The acid burned my nose, making the veins vulnerable and as the pressure builds they burst open and give me a nosebleed. The lower half of my face and the sink are covered in blood, but I can’t wash it away just yet. I need to suffer a bit more. Harry has already lost his parents, and here I am, I was his friend, I care so much about him. Yet I stand on the side of the enemy. I’m not a good person. He doesn't deserve this.
I look down again, some of the blood has fallen on my wet hands, spreading out and giving the illusion that they are fully covered in blood. Ironic. This will be my future, blood on my hands. I’m a Death Eater. I’m surrounded by Death Eaters and yet I feel at ease. I sleep next to one, make love to one, feel accepted. I’m not Hermione Granger anymore. She was kind, fought for justice for all, was called a Mudblood almost every day and didn’t let them see the effects, she would only cry in the shower. Letting her tears disappear under the streaming hot water, as if they never existed.
I’m Hermione Snape, a Half-Blood, a Slytherin and I care more about self-preservation than being brave. I’m a Death Eater, follower of the Dark Lord. I survived endless torture and I tortured others, innocent people. I’m going to kill people.
The bleeding is slowing down and I finally make a move to clean myself. First washing my hands, it takes minutes to take all of the blood off. I scoop up the water and bend over the sink as I gently wash away the blood off my face, repeating the motions and rubbing over my skin until the water runs clear.
When I look at myself again in the mirror the blood is gone. I wave my hand and murmur a drying spell. There is no evidence left of all the blood, I’m clean again as if nothing happened, as if I’m still Hermione Granger. This morning I made another choice to change, to show people I changed. My black hair is a harder contrast against my skin. Hermione Granger would not wear heeled ankle boots. All these little things show the changes inside of me.
After a few deep breaths I decide to go to the library, even though it is a double potion class. I can’t walk back in there. The library is quiet and exactly what I need right now. I walk all the way to the back, to my favorite table, hidden in the corner.
I set up my books, lay parchment in front of me and want to work on homework for Potions. With a wandless and silent spell I hover the book in front of me, making it easier to read.
“Turn to page 394.” his voice echos, and I am lost.
The memory comes rushing back, but in slow motion. I watch James Potter, Harry is the spitting image of him. The full head of black hair that can’t be tamed, sticking up at all angles. The round glasses, the jawline. He is handsome and with what Sirius and Remus told me, he was an amazing father. Harry would have adored him, they would fly together, playing quidditch. Sirius and Remus would join them, laughing and having fun. Sirius would not have been in Azkaban, haunted with nightmares or feeling alone. Remus would not be as thin as he used to be, Lily would have cooked enough dinner for all, taking care of them. James and Sirius would be with Remus as Animagi to keep him company at full moons. They would be one big family, maybe give Harry a sibling. Harry told me he always wanted a real sibling, maybe a baby sister, one he could protect at school and teach everything he knows to.
The memory moved on, the desperate cries of baby Harry, taking over. I can feel my heart beat faster, even if I know what I’m going to see. The fire red hair in a halo around her. Her dying wish to protect her son, for him to live.
“Hermione?” someone asks and touches my shoulder.
I snap up my eyes and multiple books around me fall to the ground. “What?”
Draco is still touching me, but I let my gaze go over the other people, Blaise and Theo flank him. All their faces show concern.“What are you doing here?” I ask as I shrug off Draco's hand and gather the books.
“Class was dismissed shortly after you left. Snape wants to see you in his private quarters,” Draco explains.
“We should have figured you would go to the library,” Theo laughs softly.
My magic got out of control the longer the memory went on for, I ended up hovering almost ten books around me, not even my own, they were pulled from the bookcases around me. I simply send them back, without hiding the wandless and speechless magic.
They are all watching me in silence. I gather my own Potions book and stuff it back into my bag.
“Are you okay?” Draco asks.
I smile quickly, but I know they all can see that it is fake. “Yes, I’ll go and see what he wants and I'll see you guys at lunch.”
I give Draco a peck on the cheek and walk away from them. Without thinking about it, I walk towards Severus’ chambers, knocking once.
He opens the door, his face a mask and silently opens the door further so I can come in. Once the door is shut I turn back to him and face him. “I’m so sorry,” I blurt out.
I had a whole speech prepared about how I didn’t mean for him to relive that memory, that I only wanted some answers and I hate not knowing. Especially if it is about myself. That I am already feeling lost and don’t know who I am. Knowing and feeling the weight of the spell on my eyes was driving me crazy. I just thought I would see a memory of him and Dumbledore deciding that my eyes looked too familiar to his eyes and putting this spell on it, making them just a bit lighter.
He stares at me. “I understand,” he replies simply.
I frown, because I don’t understand. He should be screaming, yelling he wished he never had me as a daughter. That I am a know-it-all and don’t know to keep my nose out of someone else’s business.
He walks over to the small kitchen and grabs tumblers and a bottle out of a cabinet. I recognised the Firewhiskey immediately.
“I need some liquid bravery,” he comments and tips the bottle over the tumblers, filling them both.
He waves his hand over it and I see the tumblers grow cold. He hands me one and I drink it, just slamming the drink back and letting another burn run through my throat. I walk towards the kitchen and grab the bottle, walking back with it. I fill my tumbler again and wait for him. He drinks it in one go, holding out his glass, again waving his hand over it and cooling the liquid down.
“I don’t think you fully understand what you saw,” he starts.
I want to interrupt and tell him I know enough, that he doesn’t need to repeat it. He holds up his hand.
“You saw James and Lily Potter, the Dark Lord killed them. I loved Lily, still do,” he admits. “When I found out that the Dark Lord was going to kill them and Pettigrew was his spy and he told him where to find the Potters…” he swallows and looks at his drink. “I went to Albus, trying to protect them, and offered to become a spy for the Order of the Phoenix.”
He empties his glass again, and I follow his example and refill our glasses.
“But I was too late. The Dark Lord already killed them. Pettigrew framed Sirius Black for their murder, faking is own death when Black came as an auror to protect them. Black just switched with Pettigrew hours before, because it would be easy to assume Black was the secret keeper. They trusted Pettigrew, after all their years together as friends, but he never was truly their friend.”
I wait patiently for him to continu.
“I don’t understand,” he begins again. “They trusted him enough to be their secret keeper, but they did not tell him everything. Black and Lupin knew, Lily told them the second she found out, after Potter of course, after he chose to stay with her.”
Before I can ask him to explain more he swallows the drink again. I watch him, hoping he goes on, but he is staring at me.
“Drink up,” he orders. “You are going to need it.”
I do as I am told, frowning as I feel the warmth of the liquid spread through my body, making me feel fuzzy. Severus takes my tumbler and sets it next to his on the table. His hand hovers over my shoulder, but he decides to push me towards a mirror with his hand on my back.
He is standing behind me and I find myself comparing us. Our hair is the same and maybe the way I frown.
“It is not a very old spell,” as he taps his wand to my brow. “It shows how powerful you are to even feel it, I made sure it was buried deep inside of you, adjusted it so you would not notice. Normal Glamours can fade over time, but I combined the spell with a potion, rooting it in place. It is a unique spell, created by myself, just for you, to keep you safe.”
“You made the spell?” I whisper.
He nods. “Abscondere a facie,” he chants, repeating it over and over again, while swirling his wand over my eyes.
As I watch myself in the mirror. It starts small, from the most inner part of my eye something starts to surface. The new color starts to push the brown of my eyes away. Filling the iris with a color green everyone will recognise. A color green that she stared at very often. A color green where a lot of professors have commented on.
“You look so much like your father, but not your eyes. Those are all your mothers.”
It is the first thing people comment on Harry, if they knew his parents well. Now, those same eyes are staring back at me.
I touch my face. I’m still me. “How,” I gasp in shock.
Severus is staring at me, looking me in the eye via the mirror, and I look back.
“Am I a Potter?” I ask confused.
My mind is blank, I wait for the panic to start, the million of questions. But nothing happens.
Instead of answering me he turns away. “You are, but you are also not.”
He refills our drinks again and sits down in his big chair, waiting for me to join. I do, pick up the drink, sitting down on the couch to his right. I stare at the drink as the silence is stretching out and finally my thoughts start to run wild.
He lied to me, he is not my father. How? Harry is my brother. Oh god, I am in a war against my brother. But the blood test to find my parents, it pointed to Severus. That is impossible. How? Why? What?
“You are my daughter by blood. James Potter was not a perfect man, he wanted to marry Lily, but she wasn’t ready. Wizards and witches marry young, it is normal, but for Lily it was not normal. They just finished school. He proposed and she couldn’t answer him, so she left, wanting to go to her parents, but the relationship was strained ever since she started Hogwarts. She entered the only bar in that village, on the only evening I ever came there. I had just come back from an awful mission and needed to be somewhere where people wouldn’t recognise me as a Slytherin. She saw me and walked up to me. It had been years since she talked to me, and in the beginning she didn’t say anything. Sitting beside me and drinking a Muggle beer, just as I was. I expected her to leave after the beer, but she ordered another and another. Eventually we started talking, I let her tell me all about what happened. I didn’t explain what I had done that evening, what my reason was to drink, she didn’t ask. In the last year of Hogwarts people started guessing who was a follower of the Dark Lord, my name was often mentioned and I never tried to change people’s mind about it. She had to have known, at least suspected. Yet she needed a place to stay for the night, since she moved in with Potter and had nowhere else to go. I offered and she accepted.”I have a feeling I know where it is going, but I remain silent. Finally figuring out what happened.
“My father had recently died, leaving his house to me, so we went there. It was close by and had more rooms. The cabinets were still stocked with Muggle liquor and we drank it. We didn’t talk much, until we weren’t. Both were drunk and she made a mistake in the contraceptive charm. I didn’t notice it and normally I would have cast it, but I couldn’t find my wand and when she offered me hers, the wand did not work for me. I guess I used too much Dark magic and the wand did not want me to cast a spell, so she did it.”
I’m glad I switched to the potion, making it every few months and drinking it each morning. Draco was always careful with the charm, but I didn’t want to take the risk anymore if we had surpise sex or if we got drunk.
“The next morning she was gone, without a word and I moved on with my life. Remembering that night like it was just a dream. A week later there was a wedding announcement in the Daily Prophet. I don’t know what happened exactly, Black and Lupin know everything, maybe they will explain. All I know is that she found out she was pregnant, probably mine, but Potter didn’t want a life without Lily, so he accepted the unborn child as his own. He adopted you, and with a magical adoption you really become part of the family, so you are in some ways a Potter, but you will always be my daughter, mine.”
I look up at him, he flinches as he sees my eyes, but keeps contact. I almost see the words on his lips. You have your mothers eyes. I try to think about all the information, but something is not adding up.
“How quickly did she get pregnant after having me?” I ask. “There are only ten months between Harry and me.”
“Enough for a pregnancy,” he retorts. “Those take 9 months.”
I roll my eyes. “Was Harry also an accident?” I question out loud.
“I don’t think they planned to get pregnant so fast after having a baby, but they loved you both very much. They made a will when they had to hide, if they would die, both children would go to Sirius Black. He was arrested and Lupin is a werewolf, in a time that was even more restricted than now. Albus collected you both, Harry would live with his family and you too. Lily died protecting you both. The baby you saw in the memory is you, you cried in silence, watching everything that happened.”
“Why don’t I have a scar?” it is the first thing that pops into my mind.
“The prophecy was about Harry, the Dark Lord wanted him dead and if he had succeeded he would have killed you too.”
“Why did I grow up with Muggles? Another adoption…”
“Albus offered me a job after the war, I needed it, nobody would have hired me. News broke that I was a spy in favor of the Order, but I still had a Mark. I am not rich, so I just didn’t have the means to raise you. We made the decision that it was best for you to grow up in the Muggle world. You were too young to show magic, and sometimes I hoped that you didn’t have it. That you could grow up with normal parents, no burdens and just a happy life. You deserve that.”
I nod, letting all the information wash over me. “Dumbledore just came to you, holding me, telling you that I was yours. Lily never said anything to you?”
“She wrote a letter,” he stands and the movement makes me dizzy.
I guess the alcohol is kicking in, maybe that is why I’m so calm.
He walks towards his bedroom and it takes a moment before he returns. “This letter can’t leave this room, and tomorrow we need to work on your mental shields. No one can know. Only a few people know who you truly are and we are all sworn to silence, to keep you safe.”
He hands me the letter and I am shaking. The letter is still closed, never opened.
My little deer,
If you get this letter, then I am not here to tell you this in person. I hate that I need to have this letter prepared. There is a war going on and we are a target. I wish I could give you a different life, my little deer.
You take such good care of your brother, Harry. You both have my eyes, and I am glad about that, since both of you have raven black hair, making you look like full siblings. James might not be your biological father, but he loves you. He loves you so much, Hermione. I love you so much. I can only hope that you grow up as a strong minded and kind girl. The first thing Severus and I talked about was our mutual love for books. We both love your name and I hope you do too.
I hope you never have to read this letter. I imagine us all growing up, here in our home. Celebrating every holiday together, sending both my children to Hogwarts and in the breaks we would talk about everything. I want to see you grow up, I want to be there every step you take. I will protect you from everything that will try and hurt you.
But if you do read this letter and we are not there with you, but Harry is, please take care of him. He is a copy of James, even at one year old, you always calm him down.
I don’t know what the future looks like, but I can hope. I hope you live with Sirius, Remus and Harry, as one big family. That you grow up with love. If somehow you get split up, or find yourself all alone, find Sirius, you are a witch and he will always help you. If he doesn’t recognise you tell him that your favorite spot to sleep was against him as Padfoot. He would curl up in front of the fire and both you and Harry would sleep next to him. Every full moon you would be angry and sad that you could hear the wolf, dog and stag outside in the forest. You would not sleep alone, so I took you and Harry to my bed and we would curl up around each other, forming our own pact. In the morning the others would join us and we would all lay there protecting the sleeping children.
Severus is the smartest man I know, you are his daughter and I am not ashamed of that. He is a good man, but also a man in a bad situation. Be kind to him, don’t judge him for his past. I don’t care if you are a Slytherin, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff or a Gryffindor. I know that you will always do what you think is best.
My little deer, you are so loved by everyone here.
James calls you his little witch, Sirius calls you Kitten and Remus calls you Pup.
You and Harry are the light on our darkest days.
My little deer,Mama loves you, Hermione
I sit, staring at the letter in my hand, caressing the soft parchment. The ink is vibrant, as if it has been written yesterday. A soft and sweet scent lingers around me, as if it blooms from the letter. Is this how she would smell? It is a comforting smell, like a warm blanket around me.
“She loved me,” I whisper in disbelief and I look up at him. “Do you love me?” it just tumbels from my mouth, blame the alcohol.
He looks at me. “With my whole heart.”
My eyes fill with tears and I watch as his eyes start to shine.
“I remember the day you walked in the Great Hall. Already close to Potter and I felt so drawn to you. I wanted to tell you everything, but I couldn’t. Everyone was watching the ceiling and there you were, already lecturing others and showing off your intelligence. Your mother was so smart and liked to show it off. But then you looked at me and I could see the brown eyes and I just wished they were green and your hair black. I expected you to be a Ravenclaw, even had a bet with Minirva on it. She checked in on you over the years. Apparently you really love cats and want to pet every one you see,” he chuckles lightly.
It dawns what he is saying. “Did...did I pet Professor McGonnagall when I was a child?”
“You did, she always checked in just before school would start. She just knew you would be sorted in Gryffindor, I guess we didn’t know you threatened the Sorting Hat.”
I shrug and laugh. “Draco was an arse from the first moment I met him and he told me he was perfect for Slytherin. I didn’t want to be associated with that, but I guess that demanding to be a Gryffindor is exactly what a Slytherin would do. It was self-preservation to not be a Muggleborn in Slytherin, even if I didn’t know that just yet.”
I sigh and sit back, sipping my drink. I feel very confused with all that I learned today, but I also feel calm. This morning I didn’t know who my mother was and now I do. Harry is my brother, it does explain the bond I felt with him from the beginning, a safety and familiarity. Her feelings for Ron would never come close to what she felt for Harry.
My mind starts wandering, remembering drinking with the Gryffindors. I smoked weed that night, Fred and George were flirting with and I kissed… I kissed…
“I kissed Harry,” I gasp, sitting straight up, slapping my hand over my mouth.
“You what?” Severus thunders. “When?”
“Last year, in Gryffindor tower, after the first Task. We were doing Truth or Dare, and I couldn’t just kiss Fred or George with the way Ron was looking at me, so I turned to Harry. Oh no, no, no, no… Is that why it was so bad? I just thought Draco was better at kissing,” I ramble on while grabbing the bottle of Firewhiskey and pouring a big amount in my glass.
I drink it and start filling again, this time resisting the urge to disinfect my mouth with it, I wave my hand over it and add the cooling charm.
“You were drinking last year?” Severus asks.
“Yeah, well, everyone was. We also smoked weed,” I say matter of factly.
“You what? Drugs? Hermione!” he looks shocked.
“I haven’t done it since,” I shrug and smile sheepishly.
“Great father I am, letting my daughter get drunk with me. Great example,” he mutters and frowns.
“You are not that bad, you know,” I start. “I mean, you did let me get tortured for weeks, but I understand that, but not your finest hour. However, you did teach me a lot. I like making potions and I did break through your mental walls this morning, you must be a little bit proud of that,” I laugh.
“A little?” He asks seriously. “I was shocked, it was like a bullet, I didn’t know it was coming and suddenly you were in. You created the distraction and used it in your favor.”
I roll my eyes. “Harry would have ruined that potion anyway, I don’t understand how he could add Pomegranate Juice instead of Salamander Blood and not even measure it out before. It was too easy to make the bottle fall out of his hands.”
“Mr. Weasley was preparing all the ingredients, he wasn’t paying attention, probably too busy staring daggers at you after your little stunt,” a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth.
I scoff. “My little stunt, I was trying to get the stupid spell of my eyes and nothing worked. Why is it such a big deal that I was late?”
He barks out a laugh. “I don’t think that was his problem, you called me father. I think that is what upset him. It shows that you are more accepting of me and of being a Slytherin.”
“I was quite occupied with something else and I didn’t even notice it, to be honest. Did you expect me to resist being a Slytherin?”
“Yes.”
His answer is short and harsh.
“Why?” I question.
“You do know that people, even professors, see you as the Gryffindor princess, part of the Golden Trio. Best in all classes, except Potions of course. You are polite and kind, caring for others and in their minds you suddenly changed. They don’t know what you went through.”
I still feel uneasy about everything, even more now. I have a Dark Mark on my arm and a hidden snake curled around my other arm. I changed a lot, but is it really that bad?
“I’m not Hermione Granger anymore,” I finally say out loud.
It is the first time the words leave my mouth even though they have been floating through my head for almost a year. I’m not the girl I was before, but I don’t know who I am.
“Then who are you?” he asks as he takes a drink, staring at me again.
I don’t feel like hiding in a corner anymore like I did my first years at school, when he would stare at me.
“I don’t know. I think I could wear a lot of last names. Hermione Evans, Hermione Potter, Hermione Snape and maybe even in the future Hermione Malfoy.”
He watches me as I give myself different last names, waiting for me to explain.
“But, I think there is only one that is right. Snape. I am your daughter, people know. I think we can have a father-daughter relationship. The past is the past and I want to move forward. I want to be a Slytherin, I want to be on top of every class. I know what my duties are, I’m marked and that was also my choice. At any moment I could have disobeyed, tried something and gotten killed, but I made the decision to follow all orders. I’m growing more powerful and maybe I can use it to be good, to save innocent lives and I will. You need to know, I will do everything to save Harry. He doesn’t deserve this,” I tell him.
He takes another drink and I follow his example. The alcohol is burning, but I don’t feel the happy bubbly effects of it, I feel almost subdued.“Do you deserve it?” he asks me simply.
I stare back at him. “Maybe I do. Maybe I was put on this earth to make a difference.”
His expression changes to anger. “You always have some stupid Gryffindor bravery in you, why would it be you? Why would you need to be the person to make the difference?”
“Why not?” I burst out, standing up and looking down on him. “I’m more a Slytherin than Harry, I can be cunning, I am smart and powerful. I can accept to become a true Death Eater, to follow the orders and gain the trust of the Dark Lord. He will reward me for it, Half-blood or not, and when he does I can protect as many lives as I can. I will burn down my own soul to save someone else and if I can save more than one that is a bonus.”
He jumps up, towering over me. “What about me, what about Draco, the other Slytherins? Lucius and Narcissa? Black and Lupin? Minerva? They all care about you, don’t you think your death would hurt us?”
“I didn’t say it wouldn’t hurt, but I’m not dead tomorrow. I am going to play this for the long haul. I will go to hell and back to achieve the best result. Like you wouldn’t do the same?! You are a spy for the Order, this is going to be your second war. Your life is just as much at risk as mine, maybe even more. You think the Dark Lord won’t kill you? He will. We don’t have a choice in our lives, the only thing we can do is make the best of it. We are both fighting for the same thing. You wanted to protect Lily, but you protected so many more people, you might think you don’t care, but you are still a spy. If you didn’t care you would not put yourself in so much danger! I don’t want to lose my father!” I burst out as tears are streaming down my face.
I roughly wipe my tears away.
“I need you,” I tell him slowly. “We are in this together and you can’t protect me from this. I need to do this, you must understand. I have been fighting from the first time I felt the Cruciatus Curse hit me. I accepted my faith, you need to do the same. We are going to war, I’m going to get blood on my hands, but as long as the lives I save outweigh the others, I can live with that.”
I see Peter Pettigrew in my mind. The little rat, he is going to get what he deserves.
“Help me!” I beg. “Help me become the best Death Eater I can, help me. I can’t do this without you. I know what I am asking of you, but it will happen with or without your help.”
He steps forward and reaches for me, pulling me towards him. I fall silent in shock. He is hugging me, squeezing me to be as close as we can be.
“I’m going to be right beside you. Together we go to hell and back. You will never be alone,” he vows.
A weight falls from my shoulders. Today is a rollercoaster of emotions, but in the end, I think I’m going to be able to do this. I’m not alone.
  
    Chapter Text
    My boring brown eyes are staring back at me. It has been almost a week since I found out who my mother is and I saw myself with green eyes. Before I left that night he changed my eyes back, I was sad to see the color drown out, but it had to be done. I didn’t tell anyone and I have expanded my mental walls and each day I compartmentalize my memories. I’m training less with Severus on school days, I need to focus on my upcoming exams and it became too much. On the weekend we spend more time together and when I am not in class I call him Father, it feels natural. I can feel our bond grow each day. Draco, Theo and Blaise are waiting in the dorm room. Together we all walk to the Great Hall for breakfast. Draco and I walk in the middle, Theo is on my side and Blaise on Draco’s side. Pansy and Daphne are already sitting in their usual spots, and further up the table are Crabe and Goyle. Not to be mean, but they are really stupid, they try to keep up with our conversations, but to no avail. “Have you seen the Pygmy Puff trying to insult Professor McGonnagall?” I ask, referencing yesterday afternoon. Pansy slaps her hand on the table. “If anyone repeats this I will put snakes in your bed,” she playfully threatens. “McGonagall was amazing, the Toad got even more bloated.” We all laugh, that Pygmy Puff can’t call herself a Professor, she doesn’t teach. It is like she just learned to read and is showing off her skill by reading the book to us, as if we are incapable of doing that ourselfs. I would go mad if I couldn’t expand my power and train. I’m guessing her being here has more ulterior motives than she leads on. Breakfast is normal, we talk about the coming day and all the homework. We always make sure we are all prepared, after dinner we head to the library to do homework and research the things we need to know. In the Common Room we just relax. Sometimes the groups we study in change a bit, Draco, Theo, Crabe and Goyle are on the Quidditch team. The first match is coming up against Gryffindor, so they train a lot. On days that there is Quidditch practice I stick with Blaise, we take our homework to the pitch and protect us from the autumn weather with warming charms and a bubble around us. I do get more distracted on those days, the way Draco handles a broom is intense. The way his muscles tense and move underneath his sweat soaked jersey as he flies around. After practice I am all too happy to help him get clean, the way he presses me up against the tiles of the shower as he thrusts his cock inside of me. I love the way he folds his hand over my mouth as I come for him and he stares into my eyes as he lets go of his own release. The Astronomy Tower is still one of my favourites, the view of the Black lake as I am on all fours while he fucks me from behind, pulling my hair and making my back arch. The fresh air caressing my soft and sensitive skin, it just adds another element to already amazing sex. We always try to minimize the sex in the dorm when the others are around. It is always a guess on how long we have before they return and the few times I woke up at night with Draco’s cock nudging my entrance, we put heavy spells on the curtains in the hope they would not notice. They still tease me over the one time my magic got out of control while I came and instead of silencing the bed it turned into a Sonorous and they could hear me moan five dorms down. “Ready for Potions?” Draco asks as I pull my bookbag on my shoulder. “Why wouldn’t I be? I have the best partner and we are now both top in the class,” I tease. It is an extra bonus that I am not the second best in the class anymore but tied with Draco for the best grade. “Today is the individual assignment, are you ready to be beaten?” he teases. “Same goes for you,” I shoot back. “I did study a lot and Severus has been helping me, you know.” He hasn’t, but Draco doesn’t know that. I am still working on Occlumency and Legilimency.  “It will be great to see that I can still beat you in Potions,” he smirks. I just roll my eyes as we enter the room and find our places. There are two cauldrons on each table. He didn’t tell us which potion we had to brew, but I can already see some of the ingredients and have a feeling it is a Strengthening Potion. It involves using spells on the potion which makes it a difficult one to perform perfectly. “The task is easy, make a Strengthening Potion. I will be walking around and I see everything you do. This is for a grade, you can come and check your potion every day if you want. By the end of the week you must hand in a bottle of your potion.” I grab my books and can’t help but smirk at Draco. We have more experience with making the potion than others, but that doesn’t mean the potion is perfect every time we make it. The only sound in the classroom is the shuffling of items and starting the brew. Draco and I work at the same pace and I can’t help myself and bump my hip against him a few times. We stopped our very public displays the moment I became a Slytherin and Severus warned us. But every now and then we have a little moment. The door opens loudly and is quickly followed by the tapping of shoes. What does that Toad want now? Is she really that stupid that she doesn’t know what a class entitles and think we sit here for our fun? Severus is standing in front of the class, staring daggers at the women. If there is anything he hates more than a student interrupting his class is another Professor interrupting him. I am curious how he is going to respond to her. She walks up to him, having a clipboard in her hands. The whole class is silent and watching what is about to happen. “Severus Snape,” she starts scribbling on her clipboard. “Father of,” she turns around and glares at me. “Her. Potions Professor since 1981. Am I correct?” His face is a mask. “Yes.” “You applied first for the Defence Against the Dark Arts post, is that correct?” “Yes,” he replies stoically. “Whatever she does, do not engage her. Ignore it,” he tells me as he breaks through my mental walls with a sharp jab. The pain spreads from the middle of my forehead, but I stop the urge to touch the spot, it is a mental pain, touching it won’t help. My body does stiffen and Draco notices and grabs my hand. The Pygmy Puff goes on. “But you were unsuccessful?” “Obviously,” he responds. I can hear Ron snicker and I fist my hands in anger. The Toad looks at me and down to my hand clutched in Draco’s, with a flick of her wand she sends a stinging hex at us. We quickly let go of each other as the hex sends a burning sensation all over my arm and through my Dark Mark. I remain silent, trying to ignore the pain, but I mimic my fathers expression and glare daggers at her. From the corner of my eye I can see that Draco did the same, wearing his signature annoyed expression. Ron is laughing harder, but I don’t give him the satisfaction of reacting to him. I will get him later. With a smile on her face the Toad leaves the classroom. Severus uses his book to slap Ron on the back of his head and quickly glances at me, giving me a small nod. I smirk back at him, because he just gave me his permission to take revenge on the Weasel and I already know I am going to enjoy it. “You don’t have all day to finish the potion,” Severus sneers and everyone gets back to work quickly. My potion is looking very good and before leaving the classroom I put an extra powerful spell on it to keep the quality the same. Draco already left, but I can bet all my money on it that he is waiting just outside the room. He knows I was delaying for a reason. “Your potion is going to be perfect if you continue like this,” Severus remarks. I smirk. “I know,” the sheen of the potion is the exact right shade. “How are you?” He asks. “I’m good, but that Toad is weird, why is she interrupting classes?” I wonder out loud. “You will know soon enough anyway,” he shrugs and lowers his voice even more. “She is here on the Dark Lord's orders. They want to get Albus arrested, because he intervenes too much and causes problems.” I feel annoyed with the knowledge that I need to see that pink Toad for longer than expected. I kinda hoped the Gryffindores would feel the need to remove her from her post as D.A.D.A professor. “You gave me a headache,” I accuse him. “I need to make sure you don’t get detention from that woman. That was the only way to guarantee it. Do you want a potion for it?” “Yes please, I have a busy day. Need to plot my revenge against that Weasel,” he turns back to me, glaring. “Don’t worry, I won’t do it where she can see it.” “Good,” he hands me a vial of a pain potion and I drink it, immediately I feel the headache disappear. “Is your training going well?” “Yes, you don’t need to worry. My power is growing and I think I know useful old spells and I can feel differences in people’s magic.” In almost every class I test myself, focussing on all the waves of magic I can feel in a classroom and trying to figure out which belongs to who. Draco’s magic is sharp, like it can strike at any moment like a serpent. Harry is more like waves of the sea, slower but can build up power over time. Ron’s magic is very temperamental, like his own personality. I can follow their magic and figure out where in the room they are. It is still difficult to do in bigger locations like the Great Hall, but it will take some time to train.  “There will be a meeting soon, you will be called upon if you are expected to attend,” Severus informs. I thank him and leave the classroom and as I expected Draco is waiting for me. We walk towards the Great Hall for lunch, the perfect moment for me to train more. Not only do I need to be able to find people but also not make it very noticable. When I am capable of following someone's magical wave I can even use it against them, I can track them and block their spells early due to the change I would be able to feel. Hopefully one day I can syphon energy and power from it, it is rare that someone is able to do that, but I need to try. I sit down at lunch and plate up some food. “We need to plan revenge on the Weasel,” I announce in a hushed voice. “I’m always down for that,” Theo leans over and wiggles his eyebrows. “Do you have an idea?” Blaise asks. “Can I hurt him?” Pansy smirks. “We can do it during Transfiguration,” Daphne offers, because it is a class we all share. Before the end of lunch we have our plan ready. As we walk to the next DADA class I accidentally bump into him as I walk past him. “Gross,” I call out. “Scorify,” I sneer and wave my wand over my body, making a show of showing my magic swirl around my body. I smirk over my shoulder at him. Before he can throw a jinx or hex at me, Harry grabs his arm. “Don’t Ron,” he warns. I turn around and sneer. “Listen to Potter, Weasel, he is the smarter one of the two of you.” Crabe and Goyle laugh loudly and agree with me, the others just snicker. “Yeah, Weasley, she took the smartness with her when she left,” Goyle laughs. “Shut up,” Draco snaps at him. “You are no better.” It is my time to snicker, Draco wraps his arm around my shoulder and we walk towards the class. I did notice the hurt expression on Harry’s face, but I put away the memory and push down my feelings about it. Everytime I look at him I recognize my own eyes, but I don’t let myself dwell on it. We all find our places in the classroom and the Gryffindors are all staring daggers at me, but I simply smirk back and continu my conversation with Daphne. “I need my own shoes, Daph. I can’t keep borrowing yours,” I insist. “We should go shopping this weekend, just us girls!” she proposes excitedly. Pansy perks up when she hears shopping and agrees. “We should go shopping, you need new clothes!” she claps her hands and I know the matter is settled. “I want to be back before the Quidditch game,” giving them my only condition. I don’t like shopping, but to be honest I don’t have another choice. My wardrobe is quite small. McGonagall enters the room and everyone turns to the front of the class and quiets down. Blaise and Theo are sitting in front of Draco and me. Blaise has his wand on his lap and pointed in the general direction of the Gryffindors. “Good afternoon,” she starts. “Today we are going to practice the Lovebirds to Love Notes charms. It is a lot more friendly than Howlers, but it is based on the same principle. You don’t need to write actual love notes, you can say anything in them and send them to the correct person. I will burn every bird that comes my way, so don’t you dare,” the ends with a pointed look around the class. We were learning how to conjure birds in the last lecture, so this is not a surprise. “Work in pairs, you find the information about the charm in your books. I will be walking around,” she announces and claps in her hands to signal that we can start. This class creates an extra opportunity to mess with the Gryffindors, one I did not expect, but like even more than our original idea. I conjure up a small white bird, adding the touch of a different color. With the movement of the spell I start to whisper to the little bird who is listening with its small head cocked to the side. “Stop the plan with spiders. I have a better idea, just watch and enjoy.” I make the last movement with my wand, signaling that my message is complete and pointing towards Draco. The bird takes flight, circling above my head a few times before flying over to Draco and changing in a small white paper. My voice is a whisper that only he can hear. He transfigures the small note in a paper plane and sends it towards Theo. I watch as it unfolds and both boys read what is said and send the paper plane towards Daphne and Pansy, the last who are included on our revenge plan. Everyone is busy trying to conjure birds and whispering to them. Draco is keeping himself busy with the assignment, while I focus on the bird Ron is creating. I’m slightly impressed that he has a bird sitting on the desk in front of him, even though the bird is quite weird looking. Underneath the table I point my wand at him. “Mutare amorem avem ad eiulare corvus,” I mutter softly. I know the spell works, but Ron doesn’t notice the slight change. The bird is looking in my direction instead of up at Ron. I whisper my command, so soft that no one can hear me. A second after I am done, he releases the bird. I clear my throat to signal that something is about to happen, in a subtle way. The bird takes flight, instead of small circles above his head, the small bird circles the whole classroom, on his third lap the little orange bird changes color and grows. A big black raven takes its place and hovers above Harry. “I CAN’T WAIT TO HAVE YOUR COCK DEEP IN MY THROAT TONIGHT!” the bird screams, mimicking Ron’s voice and everyone looks up to the source. Gaps and laughter erupts from the class. McGonagall quickly sets the bird on fire, preventing it from repeating itself. Both Harry and Ron are red in the faces, but Ron quickly points his wand in my direction. “You did this!” he accuses from across the room.
I hold up my arms in surrender and mock innocence. “I didn’t do anything, I was waiting on my Lovebird from Draco.” On cue a little bird lands on my shoulder and I hear Draco’s voice whisper in my ear. “Are you a Snitch? Because you are the finest catch here.” I roll my eyes at his cheesy pick up line, but secretly it makes me melt. Suddenly I am surrounded by little golden birds. One after the other they start transfiguring into notes. “Are you a Dementor? Because you just took my breath away,” the next bird announces softly. “My love for you burns like a phoenix on a burning day,” the one that follows whispers. “Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?” I gasp at the little bird, forgetting Ron. The last bird changes. “Have you heard of Platform 9 and 3/4? Well, I can think of something else with the exact same measurements.” “Draco!” I let out in shock, Blaise and Theo moved closer to hear without me noticing and are laughing. The notes explode in glitter and I look back at Draco who is facing me with a smug smirk on his face. “Mr. Weasley, as you see Mrs. Granger was busy with her assignment, I already saw her Lovebird fly and deliver a message,” she looks at me. “Snape,” I correct her, but smile politely. Murmurs start to rise from the Gryffindor side. They know I’m the one who has the skills to change something so quickly, but there is no proof. Harry is not looking at me as he follows a very angry Ron out of the room. “Have fun,” Pansy calls out to them and the Slytherins laugh. “Mrs. Parkinson!” McGonagall scolds. The lesson is ruined and we get dismissed. We walk towards the library to have more study time for the other subjects. Blaise and I focus on Ancient Runes and the others on Divination. I look up and really notice the unusual silence in the library, normally there would always be some kind of hushed whispers, but there is nothing. My curiosity gets the best of me and I decide to walk around. At first I don’t see what is dangerous, until I walk up to the table where I spend long days studying and helping Harry and Ron with their homework, it is empty. Luckily I always have the Marauders Map with me and search for their names. I find them in seconds, on the seventh floor on the left. The Room of Requirement. They have found it. I walk back to the Slytherins and tell them that the Gryffindors are gone. “What do you mean, gone?” Theo asks. I show them the map. “I mean that they are in the Room of Requirement, something not a lot of people know of and suddenly almost all Gryffindors are there.” “What are they doing there?” Draco asks. “Something they hope we don’t find out about,” I think out loud. “Maybe they are training? Potter is going on about the Dark Lord, and we don’t have real lessons in D.A.D.A,” whispers Theo. I scoff, more annoyed that I didn’t piece it together right away. “You are right, that is exactly what they are doing. He knows advanced spells and he must be teaching them. To be honest, I would have suggested the same thing to him if I were still a Gryffindor. Who would have given him the idea?” I wonder. “The feisty female redhead?” Blaise suggests. I pull up my eyebrow. “Feisty?” I laugh. He shrugs. “She is the only one who is ready to throw a punch properly.” “Did she kick your ass, Zabini?” Draco smirks. “You know she is a year younger right?” “Shut up, Malfoy,” Blaise growls. We don’t have time to get more information, because we need to go to our next class. All the Gryffindors show up just in time. The rest of the classes for the day are uneventful, the drama starts as we walk back towards the library. There are people gathered all around the courtyard. Draco walks next to me, followed by Blaise, Theo, Daphne and Pansy. We make our way to the front of the crowd. People even make room when they notice that we want to see more. I watch as Filch sets down a suitcase in front of a crying Professor Trelawney. The crowd beside me parts again and the Pink Toad walks through it with a smug look on her ugly face. Professor Trelawney stumbles towards her, mumbling something but ending clear enough for everyone to hear. “Hogwarts is my home. You can’t do this.” The high pitched voice of the Pygmy Puff slices through the silence. “Actually, I can,” she holds up a piece of parchment. The Divination Professor starts to cry harder. I look behind her and Professor McGonagall is watching me before she walks to the middle. She embraces her and is glaring at Umbridge. “Something to say, dear?” Umbridge asks. If looks could kill she would have died quicker than a Killing Curse. “Oh, there are several things I want to say,” spits Professor McGonagall, as she calms the other Professor down. Behind me the doors slam open and people once again jump out of the way as Dumbledore walks forward. It has been a while since I have seen him, curious. Umbridge watches him with a smirk. His arm bumps into me, but he doesn’t even look at me, he is very focused on the scene in front of him. “Professor McGonagall, might I ask you to escort Sibill back inside?” his voice carries easily over the silence as we all watch what is going to happen next. She follows his orders immediately and Professor Trewelany grabs his hand in thanks, still crying. As they walk towards me, Professor McGonagall is watching me. I am standing tall and flanked by Draco and the other Slytherins. It is barely visible, but she shakes her head in disappointment. As she walks back I hear her whisper something under her breath. It is almost as if I imagine it, but I know I am not. “Look what you have become.” Instead of responding, I ignore it and keep my gaze on the escalating scene in front of me. “Dumbledore, may I remind you that under the terms of education decree 23, as enacted by the Minister,” she starts off with a sneer but Dumbledore cuts her off. “You have the right to dismiss my teachers, but you do not have the authority to banish them from the grounds. That power remains with the Headmaster.” Her smile flattens and turns even colder. “For now.” He doesn’t respond to her as he turns around. “Don’t you all have studying to do?” he barks. Everyone starts to walk away as I hear Harry’s voice over the courtyard, calling out for Dumbledore, but he gets ignored. Once again he walks into me, this time glaring down at me. Clearly they are not a fan of my new house colors, but I tell myself I don’t care. I watch as Harry gets closer, searching for the Headmaster. “I’m bored,” I announce. “Let’s go to the library.”
  
    Chapter Text
    My back is against Draco’s chest as we read a book in the Common Room, he is reading along with me. Theo and Blaise are sitting on the other couch, finding out who can levitate more books. I sit up straight, Theo drops the books and Draco tenses up behind me. “We need to go,” Theo is the first one to recover. “What do you mean?” Blaise asks, confused. My arm is on fire, spreading towards my shoulder. “We are being summoned,” I tell him and stand up. I summon my cloak from the room, along with those of Draco and Theo. “You have been summoned before?” Draco asks, shocked. “Yes and I couldn’t tell you. Follow me,” I tell them and pull out my wand. Before pulling up my sleeve I glance around. Everyone is already in their dorms. I bare my mark and touch my wand to it. “Sequor,” I announce clearly. I’m sucked into darkness. I stumble in the empty hall of Malfoy Manor, Draco and Theo show up beside me. They push back their hair and we walk toward the dinner room, it is filled with Death Eaters, all wearing cloaks that touch the ground, with pointed hoods drawn up over their heads. Everyone is looking at us. “Sit down next to your fathers,” the Dark Lord demands. We move quickly to the empty chairs, Severus is on my left and Lucius on my right. I keep my stare at the table, trying not to draw attention to myself. Everyone is still whispering to each other, probably waiting for someone to arrive. “Did you get here alright?” Severus asks. I look up, surprised. “Yes, I remember what you told me and showed the others what to do. I hope we were not too late, we came as quickly as we could.” “You did good.” We fall back into silence, I look around the room, people are frowning at me, but I’m not the same girl I was when I stood here on the table in only a shirt. The Death Eater is clenching his fist on the table, while glaring daggers at me. A flare of anger shoots through me. “What the fuck you looking at,” I snap at the man. “You ain’t a Slytherin, Mudblood,” he sneers back. I jump up, wand in my hand even though I feel my magic swirl around the tips of my fingers. “I’m not a dirty Mudblood,” I say through gritted teeth. “Don’t you dare to compare me to such filth.” Severus pulls me down. “Stop it! You too, Mulciber, you are talking to my daughter.” I slip my wand back into my cloak and when I am looking up the Dark Lord is standing behind Mulciber, his wand pressed to his neck.
“What did you just call her?” He asks calmly. For a moment he doesn’t respond but the Dark Lord presses harder. “Mudblood,” he chokes out. I watch them, curious as to what is about to happen. “She is a Death Eater, sitting higher in rank than you, seeing as you are two chairs down from her. That means,” he hisses. “She is better than you, more valuable than you.” The whole room falls silent, I didn’t think the placement of my chair had any real meaning in a meeting like this. “Everyone will soon find out anyway, but I have a plan and she is helping me realise it. She is expanding her power and look at her, her magic is too powerful to be contained in her body.” Everyone is looking at me and I feel my magic die down, pulling back. All these people wanted me dead not even a year ago. They probably still want me dead. I’m the only female in the group. “Uh Um,” a high pitched voice interrupts. Not the only female anymore. Does it have to be her?  The Dark Lord hits Mulciber’s head on the table, immediately blood starts pouring from the cut on his forehead, but he doesn’t comment on his and simply wipes it off. He doesn’t dare to heal the wound and just keeps wiping it off with his sleeve. The Pygmy Puff walks to the front and sits down on the last empty chair next to the Dark Lord on his left. Severus is sitting on his right side. “Doloris is joining us officially today, I have given her a task. She will take control at Hogwarts, and our younglings will help her achieve and manage it. Hermione, Draco and Theo will be part of a group that will keep other students in line, forcing them to follow our rules,” he explains. Ugh, she is getting even more power. “Thank you so much for this opportunity, my Lord,” she almost squeals. I wouldn’t be surprised if she started giving him a blowjob in front of us all, just to show her gratitude. Okay, gross, I don’t want to think about that. Too late, of course. Iew. “I will not disappoint you and I will make the younglings...” she looks at us and I resist the urge to roll my eyes. “won’t either.” She does know that we are marked right? He doesn’t even respond to her, but she sits with her nose turned up as if she is the most important person in the room. I can’t wait to see her cry when she is being marked, fucking bitch. I feel a swirl of shock go through me as I realise what I am thinking. This is so different from the brave Gryffindor Hermione, but I don’t feel guilty for it. The rest of the meeting is not very interesting, the Dark Lord gives small tasks to other people in the room. “Everyone stand up,” the Dark Lord demands and we all stand. “Young Snape, I want you to help me put the Dark Mark.” I walk towards him and Umbridge isn’t looking at me. She pulls up her sleeve and presents her arm. “Follow my lead,” he orders. He touches his wand to her skin and I add mine, it’s looking very small beside his. “Sequeris me. Ego dominus tuus sum, tu meum jussa sequeris, mea mandata perfice. Veni, cum peto. Servite mihi cum vita vestra.” Now I can really hear the spell, I am surprised that he made everyone help along. It sounds that the mark binds to the most powerful of the casters. He is maybe very confident that there aren’t more powerful wizards or witches. I follow his lead and repeat the spell. My magic is swirling around me, the spell is really drawing a lot of power from me, but I don’t back down, this is a test and I can’t fail it. The black ink is appearing on her arm and she is already biting her lip to keep from screaming. She should have stayed seated, I am not going to catch her when she faints. Sweat is dripping down her temples but she doesn’t say anything even if it is clear she didn’t expect so much pain. We keep going and I feel the powerful magic swirl between us, I’m even sweating a little. Dark Magic is pouring out of my wand, black veins pulsing underneath the tip. As I look at her crumbling face I feel satisfaction run through me, I can actually feel the mark being formed and creating a bond. Tears fall down her face, she tries to wipe them away, but she is trembling. I can’t keep my smirk hidden and she is glaring daggers at me. She knows I am enjoying this. I look down at my hand and see black veins starting to appear. Is this something that will always happen when I use Dark Magic or just when it is a lot?  Suddenly the spell breaks and I am scared I did something wrong, but as I look up at the Dark Lord I notice he is looking down on the arm of Umbridge. “The Mark is set!” he announces and low and behold the serpent and skull are burnt into her skin. I look up at her face to see her own reaction to it, she is very pale and sweaty. “Th...thank….you...my...my...Lord,” she stutters and bows slightly, as she straigents up every bit of remaining color drains from her face and her eyes roll back. I can feel the dip in her magic as she falls backwards, hitting the ground hard and with a loud bang. Instead of helping her he turns around and walks out of the room. “Leave her, young Snape, follow me.” I step over her. “Wasn’t planning on picking her up anyway,” I mutter and quickly follow him out of the room. He leads me to another room, it is an office, huge desk, chairs and not very decorated. He gestures for me to go in before him and I bow my head in respect. My back is still towards the door, but the feeling in the room changes. I pick up a raise in magic and turn around, just in time as I throw up a Protego. The red hex bounces off the shield. The Dark Lord keeps throwing hexes and curses at me. I’m able to hold up my protection as I try to create more space between us. The office is getting ruined, the spells destroy the chairs, walls and the desk. What did I do? Why is he trying to kill me? I did the spell wrong, it must be! “Show me that power,” he growls. “Attack or I will kill you.” I wave away my shield and duck behind the desk to gather my thoughts and figure out a plan. He would punish me if I hit him, right? Or does he really want to see and test my strength? Before he can advance on me, I jump up and throw multiple spells, quickly following them up and hitting him in multiple places. He just shakes it off, as if nothing happened. Something happens, and I look around to see what changes. My magic is increasing, more than it usually does, as if it is blooming like a flower, spreading through my body. It even feels different and I find it seperate from my own magic, two different signatures and something very faint in the background of that. I imagine it like a tread and pull on it, within a second I know what happened, who’s magic it is and whose I can feel in the background. Fuck. I messed up.
I keep sending spells towards the Dark Lord, in the hope he doesn’t notice the difference in me or even in himself. Does it have to be her, fucking Umbridge. The tattoo that is wrapped around my right arm hums, filled with magic. The Dark Lord wants to see power, I will give it to him. I take a deep breath, centering myself and drawing the magic towards me, filling me and in silence I create my next attack. The burned pieces of paper rise and transform into arrows. I will follow my orders, creating exactly what I imagine. The Dark Lord smirks. “You think that is going to do more damage than a papercut?” he laughs. I send the arrows in his way, he throws up a Protego, but their sharp points shatter the shield and explode on contact with the ground, wall and even the Dark Lord. I quickly follow up with my next spell. He is thrown back and I can see him slide through the hall, the floor damaged with impact and dust is flying everywhere.I walk forward, before I can say anything I am tackled from the side. Fenrir is hanging above me, mouth inches away from ripping into my neck. “You will pay, stupid Mudblood,” he growls. I imagine my magic exploding from my body, like it once did on the table. The werewolf is blown off and I jump on my feet, stalking over to him. From the corner of my eye I see the Dark Lord standing, robes ripped, but he is watching me. Anger is taking me over and I let it. I set my feet on Fenrir's throat. “I fucking did what I was asked to do, you foul fucking dog,” I sneer at him. “The Dark Lord wanted to see my power, I can always show him using you as my target.” I’m glowing, pulling even more power from Umbridge, I can feel her clearly, as if we are touching. “I can blow that pathetic head off your shoulders, or a simple Killing Curse could do the trick, or,” I smile devilishly.  “I can cut you, a thousand little cuts, bleed you dry, heal you and do it all over again. I could go for days.” He has the audacity to laugh at me. He asked for it, the filthy dog. I release my spell, pulling inspiration from Father’s Sectumsempra spell and Diffendo. It starts with one gash on his cheek, and he grits his teeth. More cuts start to appear, splitting his skin, all over his face. He growls and howls, but I am holding him down on the ground with my magic. I feel a hand on my shoulder and look at the owner. “Enough,” he demands. My magic retreats and I lift up my foot as I step away. I keep looking the Dark Lord in the eye, showing him that I don’t cowar anymore, that I am powerful and am not scared to use my magic. “You did well,” he tells me. I break contact and look around all the Death Eaters, they are on their knees in front of their Dark Lord. Heads bowed and staring at the floor, even Umbridge. Fenrir is still on the ground, bleeding and covering his face. “Severus, young Snape,” he addresses us. “Follow me. Someone clean up this mess.” He walks back towards the dinner room and I follow him, followed by Severus. Severus touches my shoulder for a moment, before dropping his hand, but it means a lot nevertheless. The Dark Lord sits down in his usual seat and I wait behind the chair I used during the meeting. Severus is waiting to the Dark Lord’s left. “Young Snape, from now on this will be your seat,” he motions to the first chair on his right. I walk towards that chair and he nods as a sign that we can sit. Both Snapes sitting directly beside him will send a message to the Death Eaters. “You attacked me,” he states simply. “Only because you asked, my Lord,” keeping my eyes on the table and bowing my head, to still show him my submission to him. “Not a lot of people would have dared.” “I did what you asked of me, my Lord. I understood that you needed to see it for yourself, see if I was able to fulfill your orders.” He remains silent for a while as I feel his eyes on me. “I have a reason to have a…” he thinks for a fitting word. “...desire for you to be powerful. You have until the summer to gather enough power and magic. I have a special spell I need to have performed, it is a one time spell, it cannot fail.” “I understand, my Lord.” “You need to be prepared and Severus will help you. A potion is also needed, created by the caster of the spell.” While listening to the Dark Lord I check my magic, it is clear to me that the Marking spell has gone wrong. I can feel her, she is connected to my Mark, her magic is weaker, probably trying to heal. The Dark Lord doesn’t seem to notice the difference, maybe that is because he has already so many people linked to him. What if he can feel her through me? Will I have her always linked to me? Let’s hope not. Father needs to know. Together we can find a way to get rid of it or her, when the time comes. He doesn’t tell us what kind of spell and potion it is, but does give us the recipe with the most basic and bare instructions I have ever seen. His handwriting is very slanted and jagged, not like the Purebloods, who write very neat and with swirls. I need to learn to write like them, so pretty.  “Young Snape, I want you to lead the younglings, they will be your responsibility.” “My Lord,” I gasp, shocked. “Lead them? They are Purebloods.” “None of them has shown power like you have.” I nod. “Thank you for the honor, my Lord.” “You are both dismissed,” he stands and walks out of the room. I look up at Severus with wide eyes and feel a panic stirr inside of me. This should be good, to already have gained so much trust of the Dark Lord, to be sitting next to him, higher than the others. We leave the dinner room, Lucius is repairing the mess I made. “I can help,” I offer, still feeling the intense hum of my magic inside of me. “There is no need, dear,” Narcissa interjects before Lucius can answer. “You only did what you had to and you did so well.” She touches my cheek for a moment and gives a small smile. “I still would not mind helping, it would only be polite,” I offer again. “You are so polite, Hermione, only if you insist.” I smile and turn as I hold my wand out. Imagining what the Reparo will do. A wave of magic leaves my body, pulling on me as it starts to do my wishes. The scratches and blood on the floor disappear, the furniture in the office mends itself, only the papers are gone and I hope that they were not really important or that there are copies of them. My magic returns, swirling around me from my ankles upwards to my chest and settling back inside of me. “Beautiful magic,” Narcissa compliments. “Well done, Miss Snape,” Lucius agrees. “We should be going, Hermione,” Father announces and we both leave, walking towards the gates to be able to Disapparate. My feet hit the ground and I stumble forward slightly, Severus quickly grabs my arm before I can fall. “We should go to my chambers before you return to the dorms.” I nod and walk alongside him towards Hogwarts and his chambers. Once inside I let myself fall on the couch with a deep sigh. The extensive use of magic is claiming it’s toll on me. Severus pours us both a big tumbler of Firewhiskey and chuckles. Actually chuckling. “You attacked the Dark Lord and survived,” he shakes his head. I snort. “He wanted me to, but that is not the worst thing I did today.” “If you feel guilty about Fenrir, don’t, he is scum. Preying on children, loves to turn them and give them a life of horror.” “I don’t feel sorry for that dog,” I scrunch my nose. “I did something so much worse and I don’t know how it happened.” Severus hands me the tumbler and sits down in his chair, watching me closely as I take a big swig of the drink. Before I speak I throw up a silencing bubble charm, just around us to be extra careful with my next words. “Umbridge is not linked to the Dark Lord, but to me. I can feel her, pull on her magic and use it. Something went wrong while doing the spell and I thought the Dark Lord felt it and attacked me.”Minutes pass and Severus just stares at me, his fingers hovering over his mouth. “You are more powerful than the Dark Lord,” he shakes his head in disbelief. “I didn’t do it on purpose,” I defend myself.He shakes his head. “I think that even the Dark Lord would think that, but he can’t know. You could use it to our advantage, she won’t be able to respond to his calls. I don’t think he will call her often, she needs to keep up her appearance as Senior Undersecretary ProfessorHigh Inquisitor.”“Do you think that she knows?” I ask. He again shakes his head and takes a drink. “No, she won’t feel a difference. Do you feel the Dark Lord.” “No, I do not, but sometimes I can feel him drawing power from me.” “That is good, you showed great control of power tonight. I am very proud of you. I know it is difficult, but you need to create a mask. The way you stood over Fenrir, the anger showing, that is good. When you stood beside the Dark Lord, not backing down or diverting his eyes, was great. You shouldn’t show too much emotion, as long as you are reliable, remain silent and only respond when you are asked, things should be easier. Make your mask strong, make sure that the emotions of others won’t be able to reach you, don’t let it affect you.” We sit in silence and I am working on my mental walls, making them stronger. Creating more rooms inside my mind, hiding the memories of the day. I stumble upon a thought I had in the library this afternoon. “Father,” I start, pulling him from his own mind. “Do you have books on Animagus training?” “You want to become an Animagus?” he asks, perplexed. “I think it can work to our benefit, as long as I don’t become a cute fluffy bunny,” I chuckle.He stands up and walks to the wall that is lined in bookcases and I join him, scanning over the titles. It takes a while before he pulls out a book about personal transfiguration. He hands it over and I walk over to the table. The book is thick and full of information about changing your appearance like hair color and Animagus training. This is perfect, it explains in detail the steps one must make.  “I want the others to join me and learn,” I state. “We still have months to learn and show the Dark Lord what an asset we are. Something other people would not expect, a literal wild card.” He thinks for a while. “I agree with you. You are all very focused and determined enough to complete the training.” “Have you tried it?” I ask curiously. “No, I don’t have the desire to become an animal, but I can see the advantages it has. It can enhance your human senses as well. You will awaken your animal part and be able to feel it every day inside of you.” We fall silent again, working inside our minds and drinking the Firewhiskey. I feel exhausted and put my glass next to the sink. “Thank you, for everything,” I tell him and leave. I don’t even know if he heard me, he is still staring at the spot I was sitting. I open the door to the dorm as quietly as possible, but the alcohol is influencing my movements. The common room was empty and I am too tired anyway to sit next to the fire and work more on my Occlumency. “We are still awake,” Blaise laughs, as I hit my foot against a trunk and try to keep my shriek from escaping my lips. Theo lights the room up. All the boys are sitting on Draco’s bed. I smile sheepishly. “Can I join?” The bed expands further and I crawl in between them all. “They filled me in on what I missed,” Blaise smiles. “You are such a badass.” I snort. “I almost shit myself, I was prepared to die or at least be tortured.” “Why is Snape giving you alcohol?” Theo sniffs at my breath. “He likes to be a bad example?” I suggest, but I know he gives it to ease the emotions, the guilt that is already building up fast. Sometimes I just forget what the real end goal is. I didn’t feel remorse for hurting the werewolf and I felt pride when I could sit on the right side next to the Dark Lord. It is easy to get lost in it, and to a certain point I need to, I can’t let myself crumble under the guilt and pressure. “Can you tell what he talked about after he dismissed us?” Draco asks. The boys are sitting against the headboard, I am laying between Draco’s legs, my head on his thigh. His hand is stroking my hair, sometimes scratching my head. “The Dark Lord wants me to be the leader of the younglings.” I wait for their response, maybe even their outbursts, but nothing happens.“He told everyone of my task to gain power and later that he wants me to lead eventually. Why not all gain power, learn new magic?” I ask them. “Do you think that is a good idea?” Theo asks. I nod. “War is coming, we need every bit of power we can get and if this is what can keep us safe, I think it is worth a shot.” I feel tears pricking in my eyes. I can’t lose them, they are my friends. They are here for me, they accept me and treat me as an equal. The Gryffindors used me, maybe not always in obvious ways, but I always pulled more weight than them. “What did you have in mind?” Draco asks, no resentment or anger in his voice. I look up, just to be sure. “I want to start Animagus training. Father gave me a book to help and he agrees that it could be useful to learn, but it will take a while to learn. We should start soon.” “We will start tomorrow,” Blaise claps his hands. Theo and Draco nod in agreement, but I can see the sparkle in their eyes, the curiosity. “We will tell Daphne and Pansy tomorrow,” Theo adds. “We can practice in the Room of Requirement,” Draco smirks. “Potter and Weasel can’t find us there.” I nod, tiredness taking over. I’m just very comfortable and feeling safe with all of them close. Draco notices and lays down, I only lift my head and when I lay down I am on his chest. They are all only wearing Slytherin pyjama pants. I turn to my back, lift my hips and shove down my skirt, throwing it in the corner, followed by my blouse. I think I left my cloak in Father’s chambers. I summon a large Slytherin shirt from Draco and pull it on, it reaches halfway my thighs, I snuggle back against Draco. He is watching me with a sleepy smile, I stick my wand underneath his pillow after doing a quick mouth cleansing spell. Theo and Blaise switch places, summoning their pillows and laying down. I feel Blaise against my back, but I don’t care. They are my boys and I will die protecting them if I have to. Before falling asleep I can my magic hum, doing a little happy dance inside of me and spreading over us all like a warm blanket. I know they feel it too as we all let out a deep calming sigh.I am feeling very warm and very squished. It is still a bit dark in the room, but I can see enough. An arm is wrapped around me, his arm is holding my hand. I notice Draco’s signet ring, our hands are laying on my belly. Theo is laying in front of me, deep asleep, mouth hanging open a bit, but looking very relaxed. His hand is laying on my hip and a leg pushed between mine. I feel myself blush, but it spreads as I notice the arm laying over Theo’s side. Blaise is pressed against Theo’s back, he is awake. “Hi,” I mouth in silence. He simply smirks. The heat in my cheeks is spreading over my face and even my chest. Blaise squizes Theo’s side, in response he groans sleepily and pulls on my hip. Draco wakes up and pulls me back. “Mine,” Draco mumbles. “Share, she is soft,” Theo grumbles. I roll my eyes. “She… is right here,” I interject. “I’m all the way over here,” Blaise pouts. “Get that morning wood away from my arse,” Theo growls and pulls on me harder. Draco starts pulling on me too, I can feel his grin on my shoulder as he kisses me. Blaise literally rolls over Theo, right on top of me. I am laying on my back, Draco and Theo pull themselves against my sides. “Oh… oh my… God!” I gasp loudly as I feel everything. Not just one morning wood pressing against her, but three, a whole morning forest. I feel a laugh bubble up. “Who is going to explain why we are late to my Father?” I giggle. Three heads snap up and look at me, then each other. “I’m not going to tell him, I don’t have a death wish,” Theo holds up his hands, releasing me. Blaise is smirking down at me. “What is he going to do, hit me with a Potion book?” Draco shoves him off me, Blaise falls over Theo and lands on the ground. “You should worry about me. She is mine.” I roll my eyes and nudge Draco. “She is her own person. She is going to have a shower and after that, she is going to have breakfast.” I climb out of the bed and leave the room. Even though waking up was quite eventful, I did have an amazing night of sleep. It has been a long time since I had such a restful night. The shower is hot and even more calming, my cheeks feel like they are still burning. For just a moment my fantasies took over while I was surrounded by the boys. What would it be like to share myself with them all? They all feel really big, and all those hands and lips on my body. Torture in the best kind of way. When I return to the dorm, they are all waiting for me. Daphne and Pansy joined the boys and look me up and down. I wear high heeled boots that end just under my knee, leaving a bit of skin showing before my skirt starts. It is a cold day so I decided to wear my v-neck sweater with the collar of my white blouse sticking out. My black hair is a lot softer and easier to handle than the curls, so I pinned about half my hair back, with just a few pieces framing my face. “You look really good,” Daphne beams up. “Could use some lipstick,” Pansy shrugs. “I don’t have lipstick,” I respond shyly. Daphne jumps up and grabs something from her purse, she rather brings a comfortable bag instead of books to classes. She almost always shares a book with Theo. She holds my chin as she swipes the lipstick over my lips, with a whisper of a charm she locks in the color. “Now you are drop dead gorgeous,” she smiles and grabs her purse. I am speechless as I see my reflection in the mirror above the dresser. The lipstick is a dark red, almost looking black. She applied it perfectly. “Wow, this is amazing, Daphne, thank you!” They all stand and leave the room, Draco lingers behind. He kisses me softly and whispers against my lips. “You are so beautiful, Hermione.”
Everytime he uses my name it sends shivers down my body. I smile up to him and we follow the others to the Great Hall. The day goes by quickly, before I know it we are having dinner. I can’t stop thinking about Animagus training, it will take a lot of time to master it and I think we need to start now. “Can we go somewhere after dinner?” I whisper just loud enough for Daphne, Pansy, Theo, Blaise and Draco to hear. Vincent and Gegory are trying to listen in on our conversation, but I glare at them. I don’t want to waste any energy on them, they will never be able to become Animagi, they will only slow us down. Everyone nods and after dinner I lead them to the Room of Requirement. I need to be fast seeing as the Gryffindors are also using it in the evenings to do whatever they do. Umbridge is still trying to get control over the school and soon we will join her publicly. I think of the Forbidden Forest on a calm evening. Hopefully it will help to meditate in a natural environment, to find our inner beasts and lure it out. A wooden door appears in front of me and we all step inside. Immediately I am surrounded by the smell of nature, the wood and earth. We walk a bit further and there is a little clearing, a perfect circle. “The Dark Lord gave me the task to become stronger, to lead you guys, but I think it would be an advantage if we all would become stronger. One of those ways is to become an Animagus. We could use it to our advantage, it heightens our human senses and it gives us an element of surprise.”They look at me as they all begin to smile. “You think we are able to become animals?” Blaise asks excitedly. “Well you are already halfway there,” I smirk.  “But we are all smart and work hard. I think we are all able to transform. Father gave me a book on it. It is important that we practice as often as we can, it will be a long process. We all need to make a potion and follow the recipe.”We all sit down and I hand out the section about the training. “The full moon is tomorrow, before then we need to find Mandrake leaves,” Draco notes. “A whole month with a leave in my mouth?” Blaise complains. “I hope you become a dirty rat,” Theo teases him.Ugh Pettigrew, he is going to get what he deserves. “Small crystal phial that receives the pure rays of the moon,” Daphne reads out loud. “Add a silver teaspoon of dew from a place that neither sunlight nor human feet have touched…” Pansy continues. “This is going to be impossible.” “While waiting for all the steps to complete we need to meditate, try to find our inner animal, Father told me that makes the shift easier,” I tell them. “Is he an Animagus?” Daphne asks. Draco snorts. “He would definitely be something that is always annoyed.” “A snake!” Blaise laughs. “No! A lemur, they look so annoyed,” Daphne giggles. “Hippogriff,” Theo adds. “Porcupine,” I laugh. “But no, he isn’t an Animagus.” The moon is lighting our little circle as we follow the instructions to meditate. I fill myself with the scent of nature, lettin the night calm me down, feeling safe as I am surrounded by my friends. My heart is beating in a strong and steady rhythm. I open my eyes and everyone follows, as if we are all connected. A quick glance and the time tells me we need to hurry before curfew if we want to get the Mandrake leaves. I check the map before we leave towards the greenhouses. The Mandrakes are sleeping and we all search for our perfect leaf. I think it is smart to search for small ones, seeing as we can’t remove them from our mouths for a month, otherwise we have to start all over. The next day, just after school we all receive our badges to be part of The Inquisitorial Squad. We can take points away from students and give detention. Our main goal is to uncover what the Gryffindors are doing. After dinner we all meet in the Room of Requirement again. We meditate until the moon starts to rise into the sky, before it hits the highest point we all lay our Mandrake leaf on our tongues. It tastes bitter, but I ignore it as I move it to the side, against my cheek. We decide to call it an early night and head back to the Common Room and finish our homework. Just before falling asleep I meditate some more, imaging the earth and dirt underneath my feet. I hear the deep sighs from Draco, Theo and Blaise in the room, I imagine that they do the same. Trying to be able to shift as soon as possible. I have a feeling of urgency, we don’t have much time before something is going to happen and we need to be prepared. If one step fails we are set back a minimum of a month, only increasing as we continue in our training. I need to help them expand their power too, I can’t have anything happen to them because they were not prepared enough because of me. Tomorrow I start with helping each one of them.
  
    Chapter Text
    The full moon is approaching again. It has already been a month, after a few days I even forgot I had the Mandrake leaf in my mouth. I was scared that I might lose it or accidently swallow it, but luckily nothing bad happened and we all still have it. We are ready for the next step and the weather is also in our favour, it is November and raining constantly combined with thunderstorms. The Gryffindors are often in the Room of Requirement, making it impossible for us to come in. We have notified Umbridge that we know where they are, but not yet know what they are doing there. A lot of people have been getting detention and I know that she is hurting them, I found first-years crying and holding their hand to their chests. Glad I am a Slytherin otherwise I would have been in detention every day, she still doesn’t like me, but also hasn’t figured out that she is connected with me instead of the Dark Lord. Her classes are boring, but I have found a way to keep myself occupied. I test my Legilimency on her. She has walls around her mind, but they are not strong and consistent. Sometimes she looks around the room, but she never looks at me or suspects me. Father has been teaching me to slip in someone's mind without them noticing. Every minute of the day is filled with learning and teaching magic. I picked six books about older magic and increasing your magic. We all have one for a few days, trying to learn as much as we can before switching to another book. Our magic is growing, we noticed it during charms and transfiguration, everything is easier. The meditating is also going great, it just takes seconds to get into a relaxed state where I only can feel nature around me. “Are you coming?” Draco asks. I look up and notice that I am the only one still sitting on the couch. “Of course,” I jump up and smile up at them. “Nervous for tomorrow?” Theo asks. “No, I’m so ready to get rid of the leaf,” I laugh.We all agree, but it is a critical point in our training and it needs to go perfect otherwise it is ruined and we can start over. Dinner starts normally, we are all quiet and enjoy the food. Suddenly owls burst through the windows, I spot Achilles flying towards me with something in his claws. He drops the Daily Prophet on my plate and I frown, I was still eating. I offer him the chicken I was eating and he starts devouring it. Every student and Professor has a Daily Prophet in front of them. MASS BREAKOUT FROM AZKABANI watch as the photo repeats itself, a woman is screaming, her hands are cuffed and she looks like the definition of crazy. Her eyes wide and full of hatred, her curly hair is flying around her.  The Ministry of Magic announced that there has been a mass breakout from Azkaban.Speaking to reporters in his private office, Cornelius Fudge, Minister for Magic, confirmed that ten high-security prisoners escaped in the early hours of the evening, and that he has already informed the Muggle Prime Minister of the dangerous nature of these individuals."We find ourselves, most unfortunately, in the same position we were two and a half years ago when the murderer Sirius Black escaped," said Fudge last night. "Nor do we think the two breakouts are unrelated. An escape of this magnitude suggests outside help, and we must remember that Black, as the first person ever to break out of Azkaban, would be ideally placed to help others follow in his footsteps. We think it likely that these individuals, who include Black's cousin, Bellatrix Lestrange, have rallied around Black as their leader. We are, however, doing all we can to round up the criminals and beg the magical community to remain alert and cautious. On no account should any of these individuals be approached.”I roll my eyes, and the Slytherins also know, this was not the work of Sirius Black, but the Dark Lord. Harry and Ron lift their eyes from the paper towards our table, they also know the truth. I wonder how much they really know, do they suspect that we are already Marked? “Well,” Draco starts. “I think Aunt Bella is back,” he looks very annoyed. “You haven’t even met her,” Theo whispers back. “Mother told me she is bat shit crazy and I hoped that I would never find out how bad it is.” “Do you think we will be summoned?” I ask softly, letting my eyes glide over the Professor’s table. Severus is already looking at me. We might be thinking the same thing, Umbridge can’t be summoned by the Dark Lord and if she doesn’t show up it would be very suspicious. I can’t walk over to him and ask to talk somewhere, everyone will suspect me as a Death Eater. Should I break through his walls or will he break through mine? I feel more eyes on me and look further. Dumbledore is watching me and the moment we make eye contact he raises his goblet and sips. Pressure starts building on my temple, moving around my mental walls. There isn’t a day that I don’t train my Occlumency. I hate that he is trying to break in and I am not having it today. He can’t just use me when he wants. I glare back while I imagine my own mind as sharp as an arrow. In my imagination I pull back the string of the bow and take aim. He is old and very skilled in magic, what would be his weak point? Severus’ is just above his left eye. I need to be harsh and precise, hitting at the perfect point. I take a moment to check my own walls before releasing my imagined bow.I envision piercing through his Occlumency behind his ear, a spot a lot of people forget to check. Within a millisecond I am in his mind. It is clear that he wasn’t prepared and the thoughts are launched at me. “Did she know? Did she help? Is Severus able to report on her, is he still valuable. How much does she know? Her Occlumency is strong, how much help did she get?” I see his office, he is pacing from side to side, looking at the portraits of the Headmasters before him. “Why didn’t you want them to know?” Severus asks. “That is a difficult question, Severus. Each option had its positive and negative effects, this one has the best chance of succeeding. I did not make this decision lightly,” Dumbledore responds. “She could have been protected from all of this! He could have protected her, he is her half-brother! Potter would not let anyone hurt her. She is a Death Eater because of you!” Severus bellows. “Just like her father,” Dumbledore responds in a normal tone. “And it is a mistake, just like her father!” Dumbledore turns towards Severus. My chest hurts as I look at him. Severus’ eyes are shiny with unshed tears and filled with pain. “Is it a mistake to have you as a father or that you are both Death Eaters?” Dumbledore asks.“Both! How can I be a father, she looks so much like Lily! She is smart, beautiful and so loving.” “I did notice her attachment to Mr. Malfoy, you and I both know that it will not play out how she imagines it. He will be married to a Pureblood girl, nothing will change that, not even her.” “You will leave them alone,” Severus lets out through his clenched teeth, the pain replaced by anger. “He is her weakness and the other way around. If you make sure she follows my rules, I will do nothing to her.” “Fine,” Severus replies. “If someone else would use it against her, that would not be my responsibility. A word of advice, prepare her. If she gets hurt she can’t spill our secrets.” “She won’t, she is very skilled in Occlumency.” Dumbledore nods. “I tried to break into her mind multiple times and she only glared at me. A look I know very well, Severus.” I am thrown out of his mind, I even feel the physical force of it. He must have used a lot of power to get me out. My head explodes in pain as he tries to force his way into my mind, but I block it all. For the first time I see real anger on his face. Sweat is starting to form on my face and I swipe it away. “Are you okay?” Draco asks concerned and lays his hand on top of mine. I watch as Dumbledore looks at our hands on top of the table, the stabbing pain stops as Dumbledore stands. He casts a Sonorus. “Miss Snape, my office. Now.” “What did you do?” Pansy hisses. “Nothing,” I bite out, anger building. He really is trying to make me look guilty in front of the whole school. I quickly glance at Severus and he just looks confused, but he follows Dumbledore. Ron is smirking while the rest of Gryffindor looks shocked. The last time Dumbledore shouted was at Harry when his name came out of the Goblet of Fire. I am really in the mood to be a bit of a brat. He wants me to be controlled, well fuck him. I grab hold of Draco’s very sharp and handsome chin and pull him towards me. We kiss and he doesn’t waste a second as his hands hold my cheeks. With a smirk I push him away, glancing down to see a bulge already forming in his pants. I flick my hand and throw a light notice-me-not charm on it. I hear a very exaggerated barfing sound, coming from the Gryffindor table. While walking towards the huge doors I look over to Ron, the origin of the sound. I use my wand to flick his plate up to make the food fall on his lap. In a reflex he stands up quickly, making the food drip down the length of his pants. The Slytherins start to laugh, and I hear a few muffled giggles from other tables. I smirk at him and flip him off, not caring that multiple Professors can see it and I already need to go to Dumbledore’s office. Severus walks up to me and pushes me through the doors, all the way to the office. He doesn’t say a word, not even as he sits me down in a chair in front of Dumbledore’s desk and remains standing at my side, hand on my shoulder. Dumbledore turns around, his robes making the movement even bigger. His face is inches away from me, staring in my eyes, trying to break through my walls. I keep building my walls, making them bigger and stronger. This time I decide to not break into his mind, but I am not backing down, showing him that I am not afraid and can handle the way he is testing me. Severus doesn’t intervene, but every now and then he squeezes me. This is what he trained me for, I can keep this up for hours. He is really testing me, I don’t know how long he is trying to break through but sweat is dripping from my face and I am trembling. “Albus, you need to stop,” Severus finally warns. He walks away and stops trying, but I am not letting my guard down. It might be a tactic and he waits for me to drop my focus. “Do you know what she did?” Dumbledore turns around to face us. “I have a feeling, but why don’t you explain,” Severus counters. “She broke through my Occlumency, shattered them, as she mentally attacked me in the Great Hall. In front of all the students,” he shouts. Severus looks down at me, but I can see the small tug at his lips. I smirk, not caring that Dumbledore sees it. “You brought it on yourself,” I start. “You wanted to find out what I know of the outbreak in Azkaban. I was sitting at my house table, minding my own business.” “How can I be sure that you would report information back to us?” Dumbledore snaps. “You did threaten me to out me to the Dark Lord, as I told you then and there, he would kill me. You agreed with that and seeing as I don’t want to die, I need to follow your orders,” I sneer. “You threatened her?” Severus asks and steps in front of me, blocking the view of Dumbledore. “She needs to know where she belongs.” Waves of magic hit me, as Severus gets more angry with the minute. “She isn’t a piece on a chess board for you to control,” he snarls. “That is my daughter you are talking about, we talked about this!” “You know, right, Miss Snape,” Dumbledore rounds on me. “You watched that recent conversation between us. Couldn’t even throw you out. How are you so powerful? What are you hiding?” “I’m not hiding anything. Why are you so surprised by my power?” I retort. “I’m not surprised by it, but I have seen all the changes you went through over the years. Do you even recognise yourself, it would be understandable for a young woman to experience some problems with that.” “No. I don’t have any problems,” I stand up, facing him fully. “I am still the person I always was, but I am accepted and not used by my peers now, unlike some adults.” I start to feel a tingling at my fingertips and know what is going to happen. The burning starts to intensify and I look over at Severus. He pulls up his sleeve and the Dark Mark is moving. “We need to go, but this conversation is not over.” While he holds Dumbledore’s stare he holds out his arm for me. I hold on to him and feel the pull of apparition. We are surrounded by black smoke and it feels like pure magic, just like mine but just a different color. We land at the gates of Malfoy Manor and I frown. “Why are we out here?” “You need to call Doloris Umbridge and I think you don’t know how.” My eyes widen in shock, I totally forgot about that Toad. “You need to use the spell, veni servi tui and touch your Mark, but you can’t do it out here. She needs to be able to apparate into the room we are in.” We walk quickly towards the Manor, the door swings open and a House Elf is waiting for us. I recognise her vaguely from my first and very unpleasant Christmas here. Severus waves a charm over my face, my cheeks cool down and my hair is pulled away from my face. “Never show weakness.” I nod and shake my hair back and straighten my back. We walk into the dinner room and there are a lot more people, which I already expected. The Dark Lord looks up, but the seats on both his sides are empty. I hold my arms on my back, while I bow for the Dark Lord, showing him respect. My wand touches the Dark Mark and I focus on the spell. It takes a second before I feel a pulse and it connects with her. I feel a rush of energy as her magic responds to me. “Why are you late?” the Dark Lord asks. “I was called into the office by Dumbledore, he suspected I knew more about the Azkaban breakout. He has been watching me ever since I changed houses. He doesn’t trust Slytherins, but he doesn’t know anything,” I explain.“The fool,” the Dark Lord laughs. “A student is not powerful enough to create such an explosion. Sit down, you did well.” I sit down on the empty seat and Severus sits on the other side. Draco is watching me and I nod at him, hoping to reassure him and myself. I notice that the crazy lady from the Daily Prophet is not in the room yet and the pink waste of space is also not yet here, but my magic is increasing so I expect her soon. A horrible cackling sound is coming closer to the room. The first thing I notice is the black curly hair and her face, the strong Black features are clear as day. I can see both Narcissa and Sirius in her face. Her eyes immediately flick to me, sitting next to the Dark Lord. The smile on her face fades away and slowly points her wand at me. “What is that doing here?” she screeches. The Dark Lord looks at me. “She deserves to sit here.” I sit a little straighter and smile. “Thank you, my Lord.” Right at that moment I feel a spark in my magic and a pink cloud explodes in the room. Really? Her magic is pink? Gross. Everyone is looking at her, she looks disheveled and is breathing hard. “I am sorry, my Lord. I had some difficulties,” she explains and wants to sit down in an empty chair. She doesn’t even bow, or show any form of respect, she is going to regret that. Before her ass can even touch the seat, she is hit from across the room with a spell. The red light is bright as Severus hit her with a very hard stinging hex. She yelps and falls to the ground, everyone remains silent as we watch her struggle. “Well done, Severus,” The Dark Lord praises. He nods his head in acceptance, keeping his wand pointed towards Doloris and a very small smile on his lips. Clearly I am not the only one who despises her, he is enjoying this. I notice that the Crazy Lady is still watching me, her eyes narrowed, and if looks could kill, hers would be more powerful than an Avada. The Dark Lord is also glancing at me, maybe he wants me to stand up for him, show them all my loyalty. I decide to let the anger at Dumbledore shine through and redirect it at her. Which I don’t mind. “Are you stupid, Doloris?” I ask and look her up and down, while I remain sitting. A few laughs are covered up by a cough. “How dare you speak to me like that!” she hisses in response. “It was just a simple question, a yes or no would have been sufficient. I know you like teaching children lessons, but maybe you could use one yourself.” I tell her and stand up. I pull on my magic, making sure I stay away from her linked magic. The magic starts dancing around my fingers, she is watching me. As I step towards her, she steps back. I chuckle, as I count on my fingers. “You were late. You didn’t bow. You thought you could just sit down in a chair that was not assigned to you and here you are…” I smirk. “Thinking that you are higher in rank than I am. That is a lot of stupid mistakes, Doloris. So let me ask again, are you stupid?” She gapes at me, completely at shock with the tone I use for her. It is as if I am talking about the weather, keeping my voice light and smiling at her, but I am gathering my magic to my hands. “I am not stupid,” she starts and looks around the room, anger is clear in her voice. “I didn’t want to hold up the meeting anymore than I already did.” It takes a lot of focus to make my magic invisible, it looks like I let it fade away. I hold out my hand towards her and smile, imagining the fun I am going to have. My magic is sparking at my fingertips, ready to strike hard. She is clearly stupid, because she grabs my hand. “So good of you to see reason, miss Snape.” My smile widens, letting her think for a split second that she is out of danger, before I strike. My magic runs through my hand in her body. You gotta love old magic. She screams and falls to her knees, but I squeeze harder, holding her hand. It is like I am electructing her. “Doloris,” I smirk. “You are not important enough to wait for. Don’t assume such things. Now bow and beg for forgiveness from our Lord,” I let go and step aside so she can look up at the Dark Lord. She falls forward, on her hands, nose to the floor. “I am so sorry, my Lord. It will never happen again, my Lord.” The Dark Lord is not even looking at her, he is looking at me. His red eyes look amused, he is enjoying my dark side and I don’t even feel bad about it. Weirdly enough, I feel kind of proud of the recognition. Everyone is looking at me, the only one looking at me with disgust is Draco’s aunt. “Hermione,” the Dark Lord starts and I stare at him, surprised by my first name. “You can sit down.” This time I let my magic really fade away and walk back to my chair. “Thank you, my Lord.” I sit down and everyone turns their attention back at the Dark Lord and the meeting. We all ignore Doloris and if she is smart she will remain in that position for the whole time. The meeting is about the old Death Eaters joining us again. Bellatrix is clearly not happy with me and where I am sitting. She is sitting in the chair where Doloris wanted to sit. Just two chairs away from me, clearly still a high rank. I let my magic wander over the table, a lot of people are touching their wands underneath the table, I can feel the power pulse from them. They are ready to get out of here if things go bad. Bellatrix is very powerful, but maybe that is because she hasn’t used it in years, probably chained up with magic repellent cuffs. Draco and Theo are also keeping their magic near them, they are sitting with their backs straight and blank faces. Draco is also learning Occlumency, I can see the signs, the unfocused eyes and a mist of sweat on his face. I should help him when we are back in our dorm, this is not the right place to practice, everyone can see it if they watch close enough. “Another reason I gathered you here tonight is that I have a task. I need something from the Ministry, but I can’t collect it. We need to wait for the right moment, I need the right people for it. Lucius, Bella…” he pauses and looks around the table, ending with me. “Hermione, you three will have the lead in the task.” Bellatrix jumps up. “No! Not her!” she shouts, pointing at me. I remain silent, keeping my face straight as I feel a huge spike in her magic. She is ready to hit me with a spell, like a snake, but I am also ready, keeping it hidden. “She has earned her spot, Bella,” the Dark Lord states. I feel overwhelmed by everyone's magic peeking, but I focus on Bellatrix while doing a quick check on my mental walls. Dumbledore already drained me quite a lot today, but I can’t let them see any weakness right now, or ever. A calmness waves over me, I can take her, I am higher in rank than her and I have survived for this long. I smile sweetly once again. “I almost can’t hear you from where you are sitting.” “HOW DARE YOU SPEAK TO ME!” she explodes and in her fierce anger she misses her spell. The red sparks fly just in front of my nose, also missing the Dark Lord. She wouldn’t be my problem anymore if she hit him, bummer. I quickly look up to Draco and then Lucius, they are both watching us, completely in silence. They don’t attempt to help her. I pull more power towards me, still making sure I don’t come close to Doloris’ magic. She is still on the ground, but she is looking up. I shove my chair back. “You almost hit the Dark Lord,” I tell Bellatrix, my voice clear and steady. “I deserve to have your spot! It’s mine! I have been in his service for over a decade!” her voice is high and unpleasant, she also pushes her chair back and faces me again. This time she will not miss if she hits me with a spell, but I will also not miss. I let my hand hang beside me, I have a new habit of wearing my wand strapped to my thigh. With a simple Accio it is in my head, quick, easy and never fails. The moment the wand touches my skin, my magic is sucked into it and pulsing. The room is dead quiet, everyone is watching us and anxious for what is to come. Should I wait for her to attack or strike first? I don’t have time to debate on it as she slashes her wand through the air, a red light flying towards me. Just in time I wave a shield in front of me, but it shatters the moment the curse hits it. I follow up with two quick spells, a stinging hex to her hand and a sticking hex on her feet. She glares at me, but she doesn’t let go of her wand and remains still. She is smart enough not to move, to be able to remain standing. “Bitch,” she hisses. “Crucio!” I jump to the side, making her miss, but she follows up quickly. Spells fly around me, all an angry red jet of light. “Crucio! Crusio! Crucio!” she screeches. She finally hit my foot, the moment I rolled over the ground and jumped up. I crumple to back to the ground as the curse courses through my body. The white hot is burning it’s way up my leg, quickly coming to my hip and spreading further up my body. I need to break her concentration fast, if it reaches my mind I am paralyzed by pain. My muscles start to seize up, and it is reaching my shoulder, breathing is getting harder with the second. I lift my wand towards her and pull on all my anger. You need to mean it. “Crucio!” I yell and the red jet of light explodes from the tip of my wand.Before she is hit, I release the sticking hex and the spell hits her right in the head. Her whole body is thrown back with the force of the blow, her wand falls and I am immediately released from her curse. I’m not finished with her, I need to make a point, this will not be the first time someone is going to question my rank, but from now on they are warned what might happen if they do. She doesn’t scream, but her whole body is shaking. I stand up, my body still weak from her attack. My muscles ache and my already existing headache is unbearable. Be strong. Don’t show weaknesses. I keep repeating the words, while keeping her down in the Unforgivable Curse. This is the first time I do it willingly, without being told to do it. A hand suddenly rests on my shoulder, I look up to find the Dark Lord next to me. He doesn’t look angry, but I let the curse go. I wonder how long you have to continue to make someone crazy, with her it is hard to know since she already is bat shit crazy. Am I going crazy? How many minutes have I endured the torture curse? Bellatrix is breathing hard, sweat dripping from her face and her eyes wild. She is looking around the room, before looking up at the Dark Lord, who is still standing beside me, with his hand on my shoulder. He made me stop, she knows it and I know if he didn’t that I would have continued. “I think that was enough for tonight and we all must retire,” the Dark Lord states. Before he leaves the room I feel him squeeze my shoulder again, a burst of power flows through me, giving me some extra energy. I bow my head for him and everyone follows the example. The moment he is gone I walk for the door, I need to get to school as quickly as possible before my body is going to give out. Every step feels like a thousand, my muscles tremble and pain is shooting through my whole body. I’m nauseous with pain and my vision is blurry. Two arms slide under each arm, pulling me up. “Mippy, open the doors,” Draco's voice echoes through my mind. The words keep returning and distorting, until they are gone and followed up with the next thing. “Can we apparate with her?” Theo asks. The words are swirling together and I can’t follow the conversation anymore. Fresh air hits my face, quickly followed by a pulling sensation behind my navel. I hate the feeling and it doesn’t help that I already feel awful. We all stumble, but they keep me upright. “Sick,” I mumble as I feel my stomach rolling and seizing. Draco hears me and pulls my hair back just in time before I hang forward and vomit up my dinner. The sharp stinging and smell of it makes it worse and I keep coughing up. I gasp for breath, reminding me of the pain in all my muscles. A wave of magic flutters over my face, cleaning me and cooling me down. Someone grabs my chin, pulling my head up and backwards. “Open up, Hermione. This will help,” Severus' voice is soft yet demanding. I do as he says and a potion fills my mouth, as I swallow it burns it’s way through my throat. It spreads quickly, my body cools down and a rush of energy fills me. “Sorry,” I mumble and stand up straighter. “Nothing to be ashamed of,” Severus assures. “Go to the dorms quickly, make sure you are unseen. I will bring some potions later.” I can walk on my own again, even though everything is still hurting. As we walk towards the castle in silence I feel a quick rush of panic, I run my tongue over my gums. Luckily I find the Mandrake leaf in the back of my mouth, propped up on the top of my gums. That would have royally sucked if I lost it in the last day. Draco and Theo walk on either side of me, ready to catch me the moment the potions start to run out. I keep pushing myself, but inside the common room I can’t keep it up anymore. They catch me before I fall again. I don’t know what time it is, but the common room is empty except for three people, who I would recognise anywhere. Blaise, Daphne and Pansy quickly make their way to us, looking concerned. They don’t ask questions, they follow us up the stairs towards the boys dorm room. I catch a glimpse of myself, my hair is sticking to my head, my clothes are disheveled and the Dark Mark is peeking out from my blouse. Draco and Theo lay me down on the bed, putting an extra pillow behind my head. “What happened to her?” Daphne asks and comes closer, sitting on the edge of the bed. Draco is sitting on his side of the bed, holding my hand. My eyes fall closed, but the pain is taking over, keeping me from falling asleep. “She got hit with a torture curse,” Theo explains. “By Bellatrix LeStrange.” I hear their gasps and feel a small hand on my arm. “Why did she torture her?” “Hermione sits next to the Dark Lord,” Draco explains. “My aunt doesn’t like that.”They keep their voices low, and I am very thankful for that, the headache is taking over. Pulsing pain through my entire body, my muscles cramping. “You should have seen Bellatrix,” Theo snorts. “Hermione hit her so hard that she flew through the air and she didn’t stop until the Dark Lord interrupted.” “Is there anything we can do?” Pansy asks. “No,” I croak. “Rest.” This might be the most powerful torture curse I endured, but it was short. I can do this, I just need to focus my energy on healing and hopefully I can go to classes tomorrow. We need to do the ritual in the evening, the next step to become an Animagus. The door opens, but I don’t have the energy to open my eyes to see who it is, but I recognise his magic. “I brought some potions, I will brew more tonight,” Severus announces and I can hear him walking closer. My hand is twitching and he takes it in his. “Can you sit up?” he asks. I try, but my muscles refuse to work and pain whips through me. He shifts on the bed, getting closer and wrapping an arm around my shoulders, pulling me up and against him. I open my eyes and see multiple potions floating in front of me, they all have different colors, but I recognise some. He plucks a bottle from the air and uncorks it before holding it against my lips and tipping it inside. I swallow the mint flavoured liquid, recognizing the simple but powerful healing potion. It is followed up by three more potions, one spicy, the other bitter and the last sweet. The last potion is working fast, a sleeping potion. My limbs feel heavy within seconds, I try to keep my eyes open, but they fall shut. The other potions spread through my body, leaving behind a dull ache. “If she wakes up, give her these,” he instructs. “She needs a lot of rest.” My body is shifted again, as he lays me back down. Pain slashes through me and I let out a whimper. “Sleep, Hermione,” Severus’ voice floats to me. Everything becomes an even darker shade of black and I drift off to sleep. It feels like I am floating. I recognise the potion’s effects, but this time it is so much stronger. Time is relevant, but I feel my limbs getting heavier and I know I will wake up soon, but I don’t know how long I slept. I gasp and sit up in bed, but quickly fall back, breathing hard as the pain takes over. “Hey, hey, calm down. You are safe,” Draco whispers, a soft light is coming from his wand. I can only whimper in pain in response. Draco leans over me to grab something from the nightstand. My body is on fire, I almost forgot how bad the pain was, luckily I am laying in a soft bed instead of a cage. “Is she awake?” Theo whispers in the darkness. “Yes,” Draco responds before I can even try. The curtains open and Theo sits down, quickly followed by Blaise. I can see their concerned faces in the dim light. I open my mouth to tell them that I am fine, or at least will be, but even opening my mouth hurts. I huff and close my eyes, as Draco slides his arm behind my head and holds me up. The cool rim of the bottle rests against my lips and I open up enough for the potion to be tipped into my mouth. It is the sleep potion, followed up by a very strong and minty healing potion. “Animagus,” I croak, sharing my concerns for my ability to complete the ritual. Blaise takes my hand and let’s it rest inside of his, careful about moving me but still wanting to touch me. “You will rest all day and in the evening you will have enough energy to complete it, we will help you.” Theo lays his hand on the covers wrapped around my thigh. “Don’t worry, Hermione. We will protect you. All of us.” I look up at Draco, he is watching the others with a frown. He hates it if other people touch me, but maybe he will accept it from his friends. I always enjoyed hugging and showing my feelings for someone. Maybe we will come to that level of thrust and friendship here, I really hope so. The pain is already getting dull, I pull on Blaise’s hand, trying to get him to lay next to me. Draco kisses my cheek and lays down, his arm protective over my middle. Theo joins us, carefully laying behind Blaise. Everyone is touching me and I feel like I am in a very safe bubble, the other positive effect is that I can draw from their magic. It is a known fact that being near to other witches or wizards can heal the sick. Sleep takes over and once again I am floating. When I wake up the bed is empty and cold. I turn my head and on the nightstand is a note with very slanted handwriting. Drink this. -SBossy as always, but I do as he demands. The pain is still very intense, but a bit less than the last time I was awake. I wake up coughing, sitting in the bed as my muscles protest. “I’m here,” Draco whispers as he hugs me. There is an empty bottle laying on the bed and I expect that the sudden bitter taste is from a new potion. “I had to wake you up, I have something for the pain that will make it better without getting sleepy,” he explains and holds my face between his big hands, a lock of hair falling on his forehead. I can’t resist the urge to tuck it back, his platinum hair is so soft. He holds up another bottle with a blueish potion inside of it. It tastes like a combined potion, sweet and bitter. Probably a numbing and energizing potion mixed together to enhance the elements. It is difficult to get right, but Severus is more than qualified for that. I hope he can teach me such things soon. “I love you,” I whisper to Draco, enjoying a moment in peace. “I love you too,” he whispers back and kisses my lips softly. The potions start to work, making it easier to move. I push through the remaining pain and kiss him back with passion. “I want you so much,” his voice deep and rough. I grind against his leg, searching for the friction I need. “Watch out or you will become Lovebirds tonight, not very scary,” Blaise drawls. I fall backwards on the bed, scrambling to cover myself up as my face heats up. “Blaise,” Draco snarls. “Where are your fucking manners, ever heard of knocking?” “This was more fun,” he is leaning against the doorpost. “We need to hurry up.” He leaves and I get up. I look down and notice the clothes I am wearing, a smirk coming to my mouth. “This is your Quidditch shirt, the one you never let me wear.” He nods, staring at my thighs, where the shirt stops. “I am regretting that decision. It looks way too good on you.” “I like seeing you fly,” I admit. He walks over to me, long strides, well-known Malfoy smirk on his face and his lips slightly swollen. “What do you like about it?” I see flashes of him flying during Quidditch games, even before we started talking I noticed his elegance in the sky. The sharp turns and dips he does, his thighs holding on to the broom, his hands with long fingers reaching for the snitch. The roughness gives extra pleasure as he circles my clit. The heat from my face is spreading even further. “Tell me,” he pushes and lifts my face so I have to look up at him. “The way you move,” I begin. “With ease, you are strong and I like that you are focussed.” “Focussed?” he asks, his tongue darting out to wet his lips, making me squirm with anticipation. “We need to go,” I whisper as I notice how wet my thighs are getting. Was it too much effort to add pants or even my panties? “Or we could be quick,” he smirks as he steps up against me. I try to stifle a moan, but still a sigh leaves my lips, my heart is beating faster and I can feel his hard length against my lower belly. We could do it really quickly, just to release some energy. I’m already naked from the waist down, all we have to do is pull down his pants and bend over. “Please, don’t have sex!” Pansy yells from behind the closed door. “We aren’t having sex!” I yell back, shocked. “Stop thinking about it then and hurry up.” That effectively breaks the mood. I turn towards the dresser and pull out a pair of jeans along with a pair of my black lace panties. It is my favourite pair, they are tight, but very comfortable. Draco watches me as I quickly dress myself, I decide to keep his shirt on because it is way too comfortable and if I take it off I don’t know when I get to wear it again. Maybe I also want to make sure he fucks me in it, just a nice extra memory everytime he puts it on. We walk down the stairs together, his hand on my lower back and it is almost the only thing I can focus on. All together we walk towards the Forbidden Forest, searching for our small little clearing. “Are we ready?” I ask as we sit down. Everyone agrees, we open our small crystal phials that will receive the pure rays of the moon. We pull the month old Mandrake leaves from our mouths and add it to the phial, along with one of our hairs. With the help of Severus we got the most difficult ingredient, dew from a place where neither sunlight or human feet have touched the ground for seven day prior. We use a silver teaspoon to add the dew to the small phial. We add the chrysalis of a Death’s-head Hawk Moth to the crystal phial and hide our phials beneath the trees behind us and put a locator charm on the tree. The next thing we need to do is wait for an electrical storm, until then we have to speak an incantation every sunrise and sundown. As soon as the lightning appears we have to come back here and we will find our potions finished. That night will be the first night we transform, if we did everything right. Let's hope that we don’t have to wait too long and we become useful Animagi.
  
    Chapter Text
    The alarm clock is loud and annoying as I slap it to silence. Hopefully this is the last day we need to wake up like this. We all groan and slip out of bed, sitting in a circle in the middle. Closing our eyes and taking a few deep breaths, calming and clearing our minds. My wand chimes and we speak the incantation together. “Amato Animo Animato Animagus.” I gasp as I feel it is so much clearer than before. There is a second heartbeat, it is a lot slower than mine, but I can feel the power behind it. I keep focussing on my meditation, but I feel it. Tonight will be the night, there is expected to be a thunderstorm. Are the others feeling it too, that would mean that we are all ready. We finish our session and get dressed. Every morning for more than the last week we spend our time in the Great Hall, bowing over big books. We use every spare moment we have learning about old magic and how we can increase our power. Daphne is amazing at brewing potions and experiments to make one that increases our magic for a longer period of time after drinking it. I also try to teach them Occlumency, but Severus is helping me, he is still more experienced and a teacher. It is fun to work together, helping them build their walls and find the best strategy for their minds. After the first night Severus won’t help Draco anymore, I guess he found some memories with me in it he doesn’t want to see, he also refuses to help Theo, but I haven’t found out why. It does make me curious. While Draco uses Malfoy Manor to organise his mind, Theo uses a bookshelf. I can feel that all our efforts are working, their power is increasing, mine are also getting stronger. The pain from the torture curse was completely gone after three days, the potions probably helped a lot. Daphne and Pansy join us at breakfast. “Did you feel the heartbeat too?” Daphne sits down excited. “It was slower than my own, I could feel them both!”“Mine was slower too,” I share. “Mine was very fast, it felt like I was running but I still felt very calm,” Theo beams. “It felt like I was jogging, like being late for a class,” Pansy shrugs. “I hate jogging.” “I can’t wait to see what animal I am, maybe a dragon, they are very rare,” Draco has a small smile on his lips. “You really think you get your namesake as an animal?” Blaise laughs. Draco sends sparks across the table, stinging Blaise, who only starts to laugh harder. “We should learn to cast a Patronus after this,” I beam excitedly, curious if our animals match. The day goes by so very slowly, nothing exciting happens and I can’t wait to have a decent night of sleep and not have to wake up before sunrise. It is also just in time for Christmas break and I still have no idea where I am going to spend it. Maybe I will just stay at school and enjoy the free time and read some books.My excitement is rising at dinner and I can’t even eat. Only a few bites of chicken, but what if I become a chicken tonight, that would be very awkward. We are taking a risk by staying together, we could become a mix of predator and prey animals, but we can become a pact if we all are predator animals. I did read some ancient texts about pacts with mixed spices, but it will be difficult and very dangerous. After dinner we go to the Forbidden Forest waiting for the first flash of lightning. We sit in our little circle, waiting for sundown to repeat the last of our incantations. It takes hours for the first flash to light the sky. The magic around us magnifies, we quickly turn towards our hidden potions. The potion has turned blood-red, I uncork it and look around to the others. We nod toward each other and swallow the awful looking and tasting potion. A warning sounds as a whisper in my mind. “You must show no fearIt is too late now, to escape the change you have willed”I gag from the potion and my body starts to burn, the others feel it too and I look towards Draco. His eyes are full of fright, probably the same as mine, but we can’t panic. I quickly take the lead in some deep breaths as the potion courses through our bodies. We hold on to each other and hold our breaths before slowly releasing it, the second heartbeat is taking over, slowing down. I scream as suddenly my right leg gives out, I hear a loud snap. Followed by the sounds of other breaking bones. I can’t focus on my breathing anymore as pain takes over. My hands touch the ground and my body starts to transform. In my mind I start to see an animal walking towards me, as if she is walking from between the trees towards me. Her fur is black as night, she is big and clearly very strong. I reach out, trying to touch the gorgeous wolf. Her eyes are a bright orange, burning into me and she sniffs me. She eyes my hand and after a second she touches it. My vision and sense of smell sharpens. I am overwhelmed with all the new senses, the colors become dull, but I can see so many different shades in the fallen leaves on the ground, I can hear the Thestrals in the back of the forest and I smell other animals who are a lot closer. My new legs feel different, stronger and of course I am literally standing on four legs. I look up, straight up in another set of orange eyes. My animal instincts take over, I bare my teeth and pin my ears back. The white wolf does the same, he is taller than me, but I don’t care. He sniffs the air and I snap my mouth at him as he steps closer to me. A growl erupts from my throat as I lower to the ground, ready to jump up and bite him. He sees it as if I submit to him and he towers over me. Before he can lick my head, I bite at his paws. He yelps and jumps back, growling. We circle each other, ready to strike and fight for the spot of Alpha. This time he strikes, going for my paws and I curve my new body to try and bite his neck. We both hold on, drawing blood, I can taste his, but I am not ready to let go. I hit him with my paw, creating distance between us and we immediately attack again. I feel teeth sink into my neck, he pushes me down, trying to make me submit, but I can shake him off, once again creating distance. He launches again and I jump up, on top of him, trying to get him down, but he throws me off. The need to submit is getting stronger, but my human stubbornness is still sticking up but it is crumbling. I manage to get up again, biting at his paws. We keep circling and I decide to do a last attempt to become the Alpha. I run deeper into the forest, feeling the power in my new body for the first time. My heart rate is getting faster and I shoot forward, it is easy to dodge the trees. It feels like I am flying when I jump over a fallen tree, landing and being able to run on. The white wolf is following me closely, his mouth open and ready to bite me. I watch as he jumps, right on top of me, biting in my scruff and pinning me down with his weight. His nose is pushing on my head, while keeping me in a hold. I am laying on the ground, my nose in the dirt and he is standing over me and keeping me down. I feel the calm wash over me as the bond is established. He breathes down on me, showing me he is in control, that he is the Alpha and I accept it. After he lets go he licks the spot, soothing me. He steps off me, laying down in front of me. We face each other and stare, feeling the new bond between us. I can smell everything around us, the earth and the air, other animals and flowers. He stands up and I follow him, we sniff each other's necks and full bodies. His smell is strong and very masculine, I want to rub my whole body against him. We walk back to the clearing, I am listening to everything that is happening. There is a lot of growling. The white wolf is walking a step in front of me, showing that he is the leader to other animals. In the clearing are a leopard and a black panther fighting. We stand on the edge, watching them, the leopard is winning, pushing the black panther down on the ground. A hoot sounds from above and I bow down and growl. A brown owl is sitting in a tree, watching us all. The white wolf nudges me, breaking my concentration and I submit. The black panther is pinned down to the ground and the leopard is laying on top. After a few moments the leopard stands up and walks over to us. I show my teeth and prepare to fight him, but there is no need. The leopard is followed by the panther, they both lay down at the white wolf's paws. I follow their example, laying down as last. He licks my head again, going on to the leopard and lastly the panther, showing the rank. The rest of the night we spend inside the forest under the moonlight, running around and experiencing our new bodies. There is so much energy in this body, before the sun starts to rise we find our way back to the little clearing. The black leopard lays down, followed by the leopard, me and the white wolf. I am curled against the side of the white wolf, he rests his head on top of my neck, keeping watch as we rest. The whole night the owl followed us and now he is slowly getting closer to us. I watch him, but I trust the Alpha to keep us safe. The big owl hops onto the leopard, staying still while we all lift our noses towards him, sniffing and getting used to the smell. I recognise him as a predator and lay back down, my head on the paws of the white wolf. Everyone closes their eyes and enjoys the peace before falling asleep. I’m freezing as I wake up. I turn to my back and feel multiple movements beside me. “Goodmorning,” Draco whispers in my ear. I look at him, his hair is messy and on his shoulders are smears of blood. “Hi,” I whisper back. “You really are very stubborn,” he smirks. “I don’t surrender without a fight,” I laugh softly. “How does it feel to be the Alpha of us all?” He snorts. “Only as Animagus, you are the human form of an Alpha.” “We make a great couple,” I tell him honestly, I still feel the bond between us, a new one, filled with raw power and pulsing. Draco pulls me towards him. “Hey,” Blaise complains. “It’s cold, come back,” he sounds drowsy and pulls on my hips forward. I hear a rumble from Draco’s chest and Blaise stops pulling. Clearly we have stronger animal senses than before. “What a night,” Pansy sighs. “Agree,” Theo mumbles. I lift my head and look around, it takes a moment to notice multiple things. Daphne is laying near the trees and the others are all wrapped around each other. The second thing I notice is all the skin that is visible. Blaise’s beautiful dark skin is a stark contrast against mine. I look at how we are all touching each other, not caring about our private parts. Draco is laying against my back, Blaise is facing me, his leg pushed between mine and arms wrapped around my hips. Theo and Pansy are curled around Blaise’s back. We are all completely naked and I can almost see every inch of their bodies. The feeling of shame is gone, I don’t feel the urge to cover myself up or hide. They are also watching, observing the situation. “Why are you laying there Daph?” Pansy asks. “I’m not a predator,” she responds, walking towards us. She is absolutely gorgeous, that is not something I can deny, but I don’t feel jealousy. “What are you,” I blurt out. “Unicorn,” she smiles. “But I left as soon as I was able, you guys started to fight right away, so you didn’t notice.” “There is a blood magic ritual we can do,” Draco announces. “I think it is the best to do that, that way we are a real pact, getting stronger together.” “I’m happy that I was not fighting last night,” Theo snorts. “You guys are covered in blood.” I look down and he is right, I have smears of blood over my chests and arms. “How is flying?” I ask, curious about the feeling of it. “I was scared shitless the first time I took flight, but I liked the view.” “I love discussing everything, but I am cold,” Pansy stands up. “It is Saturday and we are going to have a girls day.” I follow her example of standing up, stretching out my stiff limbs, my hair is knotted and twigs and leaves are sticking out. As the boys stand up, I can’t keep my eyes on their faces and travel down quickly. Just getting a glimpse and returning to watching the forest, it feels very serene at this hour. It is still early in the morning, the birds still sleeping. Hopefully everyone is still sleeping in the castle and we don’t run into someone. There is nothing left of our clothes so we can’t transfigure anything to cover up. Luckily I know the hidden routes by heart. Inside the castle we run towards the common room. Draco is in front and I am at the end of our little group. Before I can slip inside the common room I hear a deep voice. “Next time, cover up,” he throws a blanket at me and I quickly wrap it around my naked body. “Sorry, Father,” I respond sheepishly. “I’m guessing you succeeded?” he asks and walks closer. “Yes we are all Animagi,” I tell him proudly. “Good, I knew you could do it. What are you?” I see the curiosity glinting in his eyes. “Black wolf,” I smirk. “Not a doe?” he asks surprised. “Why would I be a doe?” I’m confused. “What is your Patronus? Is it a doe?” “It is,” he looks around. “Just like your Mother.” I frown at him, they both have the same Patronus. It is not a rare Patronus, but just like being an Animagus the Patronus is based on your personality. That is why a lot of people have the same Animagus form as their Patronus, but some can differ, it is rare, but some people are really complex. Not a lot of people become Animagi, it is difficult to find the right information and have the right dedication. “Can you teach us the Patronus charm?” I ask. “I can,” he responds simply. “Tonight, my chambers, bring everyone.” I nod and turn away from him, my mind still spinning with all the events of the night and the information he just gave me. “Thank you, Father,” I smile over my shoulder and walk through the hidden door of the common room. Luckily it is still empty and I walk back to the room I share with the boys. I’m surprised when I find everyone spread out over the three beds. They are all wearing grey sweatpants and green slytherin shirts. “What took you?” Draco asks, looking me up and down. “Father was waiting for me, and threw the blanket at my face. He is going to teach us to do the Patronus charm tonight,” I tell them and turn to the dresser I share with Draco. Pulling out the same outfit. Without a second thought I drop the blanket and get dressed, crawling on the bed beside Draco. I snuggle against him, resting my head beneath his chin and on his chest, listening to his calm heartbeat. He wraps his arm around me as he leans against the headboard. “Did you research the blood ritual?” Daphne asks. Draco responds, clearly, that he has done more than a little research. “Yes, I have it prepared, we can do it in a few days. I thought something like this might happen, the chances of us all being predators were small. With a blood pact we strengthen the existing one and can add more members. Don’t know about you, but I can feel the bond between us all, but it is stronger with the pact.”“How will it work?” I ask, feeling stupid that I didn’t do any research on creating a blood pact. “Since we did the training together and we are all friends, there is a bond between us all, which makes it easier. Blood magic is intimate and you will always wear a scar, bonding us all. We need to take a closer look for the details,” he trails off. I have a feeling he is leaving some information out, but that is fine, we can cover it later. “A pact will make sure that you won’t try and hunt me?” she asks. “We would never hunt you,” Pansy tells her and grabs her hand. “We don’t completely lose our minds.” Theo snorts. “Did look like it last night,” he is smiling and looking at me. “You really jumped on him fast. The two of you fought the most, I could hear you even when you ran into the woods.” I chuckle. “What did you expect, I like being bossy and I wasn’t giving up without a fight. Weirdly enough, the moment I saw the white wolf I expected it to be Draco. My human mind wanted to keep control, but eventually I submitted.” “The way you two walked out of the tree line was powerful,” Blaise admits. “It was clear that she was the second in rank and I immediately felt the urge to submit.” “I loved the feeling of running,” Pansy sighs. “I was so fast.” “I think all our animals fit very well with us,” recall every animal I saw, finding everyone beautiful and perfect. Theo is wise, he likes to watch over us. Pansy is fast and very protective, just like Blaise, both also very loyal. Wolves are known to be extremely intelligent and complex. Daphne is very caring, sweet and loyal for a Slytherin, so it makes sense that she is one of the rarest Animagus forms there are. We all fall silent and I close my eyes, focussing on the feeling of my body and the differences. I feel so proud of us all, we all managed to transform and it only took one try. That must be some kind of record. How long did it take the Marauders and Professor McGonagall? “Is it weird that I have a huge urge to get closer?” Pansy asks. I feel the exact urge, so I pat on the bed and without opening my eyes or speaking I enlarge the bed so everyone will fit on it. Quickly after I hear movement around us and the bed dips on all sides. Draco scoots us down and every one wraps themselves around us. The moment we all connect, I feel the calmness of the night return, even more now since Daphne is laying next to Theo on Draco’s side. Pansy and Blaise are laying on my side. We nap for a few more hours before getting out of bed. The girls go back to their room to get ready for the day, we are going to some shops. I normally don’t like such activities, but I look forward to spending some time with them alone. The boys are going to the Quidditch shop and we later all gather at the Three Broomsticks. It is late in the morning, the Great Hall is filled with people, most of them looking up when we appear. I am walking at the front, flanked by Draco and Theo. Blaise, Pansy and Daphne walking behind us. I am wearing long boots and my skirt is following the curves of my body, along with the long sleeved black shirt with a blazer over it, all black. A few strands of my hair are pulled back, leaving a few pieces to frame my face. Pansy and Daphne are wearing similar outfits and the boys are all wearing nice pants and button up shirts. Draco is wearing full black, looking devilishly handsome. I am still sexually frustrated and I can’t wait to find a moment where we can do something about it. Ron is glaring at us, I smile, throw my hair over my shoulder and give him a little wave, which only infuriates him even more. His magic is spiking and cups start to rattle around him. We all laugh at the display of accidental magic. Draco is guiding me with his hand on my lower back, but it is incredibly low, almost completely on my ass. After breakfast and collecting our cloaks we start our walk down to Hogsmeade. Draco kisses my cheek before we go our separate ways, but not before he whispers in my ear. “Come back without your panties on and I will reward you for it.” My mouth drops open in shock, but my cunt is already clenching and getting wet by his promise. We walk away, Pansy and Daphne loop their arms through mine, while smirking.“Tell us what he said,” Pansy starts off. “Was it naughty?” Daphne giggles. I laugh loudly, making people look up. “So naughty.” “Tell us!” They both laugh. I hush them and whisper. “It has been a while since we had sex,” I start off. “He wanted to take my panties off while shopping before coming back and he would reward me for it.” I am blushing fiercely, but don’t feel ashamed. “How’s the sex?” Pansy asks. “Amazing,” I gush. “Are you guys still… you know,” I smile shyly, it is such a personal question.“Virgens?” Daphne completes my sentences. “Theo was my first, about a year ago.” “Blaise,” Pansy shrugs. Why have I never noticed anything between them? “How? What?” We talked all afternoon about similar topics and we really got to know each other. They both don’t have a relationship with either of the boys, but are casual with them. We are walking towards the Three Broomsticks, our arms filled with bags and big smiles on our faces. They helped me pick out more shoes and clothing for the weekend, even new make up that is easy to apply. We placed Feather light charms on the bags, making it easy to carry. I feel weird walking around without my panties, they are shoved to the bottom of one of the bags. It feels exillerating and I am soaking wet for him, ready to be fucked. The girls must know, because they wink and push me closer to Draco when we meet the boys outside the Three Broomsticks. He kisses me on the lips softly, and just seeing him has me in overdrive, I want to pull him inside an alley and have him fill me up. We all go inside and pick out a table in the corner. Draco and I cozy up in the corner of the couch, his hand laying on my thigh, just on the edge of my skirt. Blaise orders Firewhiskey for us all with a charming smile towards the owner. She just shakes her head and brings it out. “As long as you behave,” she warns. My head rests against Draco’s shoulder as we all drink our alcohol, letting it warm us. “Bought something nice?” Draco whispers, his lips tickling my forehead. “Absolutely,” I smile. “I did lose something along the way, but I don’t need it anyway.” He smirks and looks straight ahead, trying to swallow. I follow his line of sight and of course Ron is glaring at us. Harry is sitting with his back towards us and they are joined by Ginny and Dean. Do they all see us as a potential threat or is it only Ron? “Ignore them,” I tell him, reaching up and moving his head towards me. We don’t show a lot of affection in public anymore, but when we do, we both know it means a lot. He shows me one of his rare smiles, it is quick, but it brightens the whole room. He turns back towards our group of friends. “Who at Hogwarts would fuck the Weasel?” I snort. “Lavender Brown,” Pansy and I say at the same time. “Moaning Myrtle,” Blaise laughs. “No!” I let out. “She would ghost him,” the alcohol clearly hitting me hard as a giggle leaves my lips. The group follows, laughing and drawing attention. Harry turns around in his chair to lock his eyes with mine. I stop laughing as I take him in for the first time in a long time. He has dark circles under his eyes, his hair is more messy than normal and he lost weight. His green eyes are a stark contrast against his pale skin and black hair. It takes a lot of effort to turn away from him, but I turn my face to Draco. He is still chuckling, his arm wrapped around me and pulling me closer. His scent is enveloping me and I feel my need for him triple. Our drinks are empty, if we leave now, we have the dorm to ourselves for a moment. The table is covering us enough for me to lay my hand on his thigh. Immediately his eyes snap to mine. I move my hands towards his crotch, already finding a slight bulge, but not nearly as hard as he can be. “We should go,” he lets out and already starts to slide out of the corner, pulling me along. “Wait, we’ll come along,” Theo starts, but Daphne lays her hand on his and shakes her hand. “Give us an hour,” Draco smirks. “Only an hour?” I ask. “Just to be sure, two hours.” They are laughing at our hasty departure. Draco still helps me in my cloak and grab the bags, also performing a feather light charm. He pulls me out of the Three Broomsticks and up the hill towards the castle. We almost run towards the dungeons, eager to use as much of our time as possible. “No running!” Severus shouts as he is patrolling the halls. “Sorry!” I yell back, just before Draco pulls me inside the common room. He drops the bags beside the door and ushers me to the bed. We fall on it and I feel his hard length grinding on my leg. His irises are blown wide, leaving just a little ring of silver. Our lips meet and my body is on fire. I open my legs and he uses the extra space to lay between them. His pants are too soft to get any friction from and it is making me crazy. “Fuck! Draco!” I pant between kisses. His hand suddenly cups my sex. “Naughty,” he moans as he gathers up my juices on his fingers and shows me. His fingers are completely coated and I watch as he sucks on his fingers. His restraint snaps and he pushes me up higher on the bed, spreading my legs wide and burying his face in my folds. I moan as he sucks on my clit, his hands are holding my thighs open. “Mine,” he growls and it vibrates through my whole body, making my toes curl. I moan his name as he fucks me with his tongue, dipping inside of me and sucking up all my sweet juices. His teeth crazy my clit and I grind against him, my hands in his hair and pulling him closer. “Fingers!” I beg. “Fill me up.” My orgasm is getting close and it is going to wreck through my body, I can already fill it building. He does as I ask and without a warning two fingers slide inside me, stretching me and quickly hitting the perfect spot. I am starting to see stars, but I explode as he blows cool air over my heated skin, quickly following it up with hard suck on my clit. He thrusts his finger in hard and pulls them out, sending me over the edge and beyond. My hips lift off the bed as the orgasm rips through me, I feel my body contract and release all tension. “Fuck! Yes,” Draco moans against my skin. “Baby girl!” This is the counter feeling of a Crucio, my whole body trembles and I can’t think straight, but I am completely overwhelmed by pleasure and I hope everything aches tomorrow. “Such a good girl,” Draco praises as he kisses up my body and makes my clothes disappear piece by piece. The air teasing my overheated skin. His tongue swirls around my nipple while using his fingers on the other. God, I wish he was naked, I want more of his skin against mine! My magic responds and before I know it his clothes are gone, his skin cooling mine down. “What?” He looks confused and a smile spreads out. “Someone’s eager,” he teases and nips at my nipple. I yelp and push myself up towards him. “Please, Draco,” I beg. He kisses higher and finally reaches my face. I pull him towards me and deepen the kiss, grinding against him, wrapping my legs around his hips. I make just the right movement and he sinks into me, filling me completely and some more. We moan together, arching further into each other. “So tight,” he breathes in my ear as he starts to move. He is slowly pulling out and filling me again, it is agony and I move against him, but he pushes me into the mattress. “Good girls know how to wait,” he nips my neck between his words. “I’m not a good girl,” I pant. “I need to be fucked and used.” He doesn’t wait and slams into me, truely fucking me, but before I can come again he pulls out of me. “On your knees,” he growls, and a hint of the Alpha shines through, giving it an extra surge of power and pleasure. I quickly turn, sticking my ass in the air with my legs wide. Ready for him to sink back into me. Instead he massages my ass, pulling them apart and blowing between, making me clench again. “Are you a bad girl, Hermione,” his voice silky and sweet.I nod. He spanks me. “Use your words.” “Yes!” I moan loudly, arching my back even more, pushing against him. “Darling,” he kisses my right ass cheek where he just hit me, before spanking my left. Another moan escapes me, but he is not done with me. “Sweetness,” another kiss and slap. The stinging is already spreading in a tantalizing way. “Baby,” his voice getting rougher each time. I’m on fire and it is only getting worse, the coil inside of me is tightening, I might even come just the spanking. “Sweetheart,” he follows up. “Do you realise that you are literally dripping right now.” He gathers it once more and I hear the popping sound as he pulls out his finger from his mouth. “Pet,” he says with finality and spanks me once more, harder than before and immediately lines himself up, his head nudging the entrance. “Are you my pet, Hermione? My sweet, good girl? My Beta who can’t wait to be fucked in the Forbidden Forest, under the moonlight.” “Yes, Draco!” I answer him, because he is completely right. I am his, completely and utterly his in every form. “My Alpha.” He sinks into me, pulling my hips back to meet his. “Mine!” he growls. For the second time I feel my eyes shift, my inner wolf is already responding to him. I look over my shoulder and I am met with orange irises looking back at me. Draco’s hair is sticking up on all sides, his cheeks flustered and he is smiling, sweat shining on his whole body, making his abs and arms look even more incredible. He bends forwards slightly, reaching around and drawing circles around my clit with his thumb. He pulls back too quickly, leaving me on the edge and he knows it. A smirk taking over. “You don’t come until I tell you it is okay.” I can only nod and watch as he places his thumb against my thighest little hole. Slowly he is drawing circles and adding slight pressure. “Breath in love,” he assures me and I follow his command without thinking. “Relax.” His thumb slips in, giving me a whole other sensation on top of the one that is already building. He slowly starts to move his thumb in and out, getting easier each time, but the sensation is building quickly. “I will have you begging in seconds, pet,” he whispers and I don’t doubt him. He starts to move, both holes filled and he reaches around, circling my clit again. “Draco,” I whimper. “It’s okay, I got you.” I let my head rest on the bed while pushing my hips back, my orgasm building quickly and reaching beyond what I ever experienced so far. “Come for me, sweetheart,” he moans. The coil inside me snaps, sending me over the edge once more. The bond pulses between us, almost feeling like a physical chain between us, wrapping around us and pulling us closer to each other. I feel the second heartbeat clear as day and the urge to call out to him. “Alpha!” I sigh as the orgasm keeps ripping through me, He follows me, pushing me down on the mattress as he fills me up. His teeth graze my neck and I give him the space to bite down. Just like in the woods, he is on top of me, pinning me down and holding my neck, only this time he is also inside of me. I am drained. He lays on top of me while we both catch our breaths. This was the most intense sex we have ever had. I feel my wolf retreating in my body, my eyes shift back and the urge to submit lessens. Eventually he lifts himself off and rolls to the side. A satisfied smirk on his face. I shift to my side, but look down. The bed is wet. “I told you, you were dripping wet for me,” he chuckles. “I did that?” I ask, perplexed. “Yes, with your first orgasm mostly. It was so very hot, I want that every day of my life.” “It’s wet,” I conclude. “You squirted, Hermione. Every guy’s dream and you taste like the sweetest nectar in the world. Dangerously addictive,” he pulls over him, so I can lay on the dry side of the bed. “I’m never washing these sheets ever again. I am going to hide them in my trunk.”I laugh softly as I cuddle closer to him. Just before we both fall asleep he conjures a big blanket. A knock on the door wakes us up, immediately followed by Blaise and Theo barging in the room. “And here I thought he learned some manners,” Draco mumbles, annoyed. Our clothes are scattered on the ground, so it is clear that we are naked and what we have done. Blaise sniffs the air, looking around. “What is that sweet smell? Almost like… like the sweetest peaches in summer. Did you buy a new perfume?” “I didn’t buy perfume,” I start and realisation hits and I shut up. “Did you eat pastries here? Is the kitching trying something new again?” he continues sniffing the air and walking through the room closer to me. I close my legs tighter in the hope that he doesn’t realise what he is smelling and dropping the conversation. Draco remains silent, waiting for it to play out. Blaise takes a deep breath while leaning over me. His eyes pop open and even on his dark complection I can see the blush spreading. He coughs and turns away. “What is it,” Theo asks, trying to sniff the air. “Is there any pastry left, I want some. It smells heavenly,” he even licks his lips. Clearly his sense of smell is not heightened. “Drop it, Theo,” Blaise warns. “Why? Aren’t there any left?” He sounds so innocent and I wish we just had something for him. “I don’t think Draco likes to share,” Blaise coughs to hide his laugh.“That is just mean, I always share my food with you,” Theo frowns and is looking at us. This is impossible, he can’t be that daft. He is in the top of all our classes. “They are naked, Theo,” Blaise starts to tease. I glare at them, all of them.  “Is it as sweet as it smells?” he continues. “Even sweeter,” Draco smiles. “Heavenly and sinful at the same time.” Theo just looks confused and tries to sniff the air again. “Oh for Salazar’s sake, Theo,” I snap with burning cheeks. “You are smelling me. After an orgasm!” I roll off the bed, taking the whole blanket with me and wrapping it around me before leaving the room. Leaving behind a naked Draco, Theo in shock and Blaise laughing loudly with tears in his eyes. I make my way towards the showers and hop in, quickly cleaning my whole body and the sticky mess between my legs. My hair still takes longer than average, but I don’t mind as much. With the tips of Pansy and Daphne it looks so much better. When I return in the blanket transfigured in a large, fluffy towel the room is empty. An air refreshing charm probably whipped through it as I don’t smell any peaches any more, instead I smell a forest. I dress in a comfortable pair of jeans along with my black tight long sleeve shirt. I apply the new and easy makeup and make sure everything is covered up before walking out of the room. Everyone is at dinner, but I don’t feel any shame towards Blaise and Theo. It is not like I didn’t notice their scents, even before becoming an animagus. They were not subtle about it either, skipping a class or leaving the library early. A musky scent hung in the room afterwards, so I thought them the air refreshing charm in the hope they understood why. We are all horny teens, trapped in the start of a war, we are allowed to have fun and experiment. Before I can even walk towards the Slytherin table, Severus nods towards me, something he normally doesn’t do. Please, don’t tell me he is going to give me detention. I walk towards him, feeling the curious eyes of other students follow me. “Hi,” I say to him. Dumbledore is sitting next to him, looking intrigued. “Headmaster,” I offer him in a colder tone. “How are you?” Severus asks. “I’m doing good and you?” The conversation is weirdly polite and without any context. Did I misread his movement, maybe it was just a distant hello. “Acceptable. Can you and your fellow students meet me after dinner in the Potions classroom?” I frown, confused. Why is he asking me again and in front of Dumbledore? Does he want me to play the nice student or something? “Of course, Father,” and I quickly look at Dumbledore. “Anything we need to prepare?” “No. I just require some help with multiple potions and I only trust the top of the class.” “Of course,” I nod in acknowledgement. Does he need a reason to meet with us privately? “I will see you after dinner.” I turn around and walk towards my seat. “Okay that was weird,” I say as I sit down. “We need to gather in the potions classroom after dinner.”“Why,” Draco raises his eyebrow in a question. “What are we doing?” Goyle asks.Why is he butting into our coversation, is he really that stupid that he can’t take a hint? We almost never talk to them. “Nothing that concerns you,” I snap while smiling. “Father said that you should include us more. We are part of Slytherin too,” he counters, while shoveling food into his mouth. “Why that is I will never understand,” I sneer, pulling a face of disgust as sauce is dripping from his chin. “But the Dark Lord said that you should train us. You can’t deny the Dark Lord,” his voice getting louder while he is spitting food at me and pointing his fork in my direction. “Shut up,” I hiss and quickly glance around to see if anyone is trying to listen to our conversation.  “The dark lord..” he begins but can’t finish his sentence because I silenced him with a simple hand movement. I extended the spell toward Crabbe, making sure he can’t fuck things up. “Listen up you idiots. Every time you mention hím, you bring us all in danger. He never mentioned you in the last meetings. He doesn’t care about you. You would be a waste of power to mark,” I hiss, making sure my voice is very low. “Now leave the useful people to talk about the important stuff or leave.” We all watch them as I remove the spell, they scramble to gather their stuff. “You watch your back, Snape,” Goyle tells me loudly. People look up at the commotion and I simply glare. Some people will wonder for what reason I get threatened by Gregory Goyle of all people. There goes my relaxed-after-increadible-sex calmness. I sigh deeply as I start to put some vegetables on my plate. “Well, since those two are gone we can talk about the important stuff,” Draco smirks. They must have all grown up together, as little pureblood children, but they don’t seem to mind me pushing them away. The only thing Crabbe and Goyle are good at is being watch dogs.“Can we do the ritual tomorrow?” I ask Draco. “I need to figure out just a few things, we will look at it tonight,” he shares. “Where are you spending Christmas?” Daphne asks me. We only have three more days until we leave for the Christmas break. “I have no clue, I will ask tonight. I guess I will just stay in school and relax for a bit.” “No!” she gasps. “You can’t stay at school, you can come with me. We always celebrate Christmas and New Years at the Malfoys.” Her offer is very sweet and she means it. “We will see,” I tell her and smile, returning the focus back on my food. Simple conversation follows and I listen to their experiences of the night. Our plates are cleared and new ones appear along with the desserts. “Peach tarts,” Blaise exclaims excitedly. “Theo you should get some, you said this afternoon you wanted it so bad.” I glare at him, while Theo is flustered. Blaise grabs a tart and bites into it. “Draco, you should try one, they are delicious!” Draco does and wrinkles his nose. “Mine was better this afternoon, much sweeter.” My mouth drops open, is he really discussing my taste at the table over dessert! Where are his manners? “They do taste really good,” Daphne agrees, but she doesn’t seem to get the implied underlying meaning. “What is up with you talking about peach tarts like this?” Pansy snaps, probably feeling annoyed that she doesn’t get it. Blaise straightens and pops the last piece in his mouth, looking at me with a wicked smile and gleaming eyes. “Well, Pansy,” he starts off dramatically. “We came back to our room and this sweet scent was lingering. I think it is my Animagus coming out, but it reminded me so much of a very juicy summer peach.” “Those from your house in Italy?” she asks. “Exactly,” he slams his hand on the table, smiling wide and lingering on me. I hide my face and groan. “Oh! Ohh! Ohhh!” Pansy exclaims, pointing at me. “It was you! Your sex scent is sweet like peaches!” She laughs and the boys follow. “Well,” I smirk, deciding to not feel ashamed of it. “Everyone loves peaches.” “Draco, do you want to share your special peach tart? It reminds me of home,” Blaise flutters his lashes at Draco. Draco stomps him in the shoulder, but smirks. “No, but I will make sure you are often reminded of home.” I love this banter, between us all. In Gryffindor everyone would have made fun of it. “Hermione, you can always switch things up. I’m an animal in the bedroom.” I snort, my reply tumbling from my lips. “But you’re not an Alpha.” The group burst out laughing, Draco pulls me closer. He nips at my earlobe whispering. “Good pet.”I’m clenching at his praise and the new name. Never thought it would affect me so much, but the way it rolls off his tongue, pure sin. Before things can escalate we finish up dinner and walk towards the potions classroom. Severus isn’t here yet, but we sit down at our usual seats and wait for him. The door slams open and he waves it closed behind him, the chalk laying next to the board starts writing. Expecto Patronumprotection against Dementorsability to communicate “Last night you all completed the training to become Animagi. I must admit, I have never heard of people completing it this fast. You can be proud.” “Slytherins are the best,” Blaise cheers. We ignore him and keep our focus on Severus. “If you master the ability to change to an animal form, you will be able to master your Patronuses. A Patronus Charm is a shield, created by a powerful and positive memory. I must warn you, hard times are coming and that can make it difficult to conjure it. The memory you choose must be strong. Not a lot of Death Eaters can conjure one, the Dark Mark is dark magic and constantly feeding on the body and a person's magic, but difficult doesn’t mean impossible.” He waves his wand and a bright bluish white doe hops through the room. It is beautiful. “Stand up and meditate, search for happy memories. Make it strong,” Severus commands. I’m holding my wand in my hand, feeling the connection. I have a lot of happy memories, I have quite a good life. Growing up with Muggle parents was fun, they did love me. Even finding out that Severus is my father is not bad. I feel love for Harry, he is in a lot of happy memories, but they are not the strongest. My mind keeps pulling towards last night, experiencing the pain of turning for the first time, but after getting more used to the feeling and running through the woods. The freedom, not worrying about a coming war, only the pact, my Alpha, the scents of nature and the earth beneath my paws. Severus shows the movement and in the first few tries only the bluish white trails show up. “Concentrate,” Severus demands. I draw a deep breath, remembering the feeling of freedom. “Expecto Patronum,” I cast and feel the magic tug inside of me and I push it through the wand, demanding to follow my command. A huge bird takes flight. I watch it fly, trying to figure out what kind of bird it is. “A phoenix!” Daphne exclaims. Suddenly I recognise the long tail feathers, slender neck and huge wings. “That is super rare,” Theo adds. The phoenix circles above me and I watch amazed. I did it, even though the Dark Mark, I am the first one of us to successfully cast it! I love magic. “Well done, Hermione,” Severus praises and I smile up at him. The phoenix flies out of the window and disappears from sight. I wait for the others to cast their Patronuses. An absolutely massive dragon burst from Draco’s wand. We all stare in shock. His patronus is his namesake, he really did it. A huge Hungarian Ironbelly is flying though the classroom and following my Phoenix out of the window.  The others have the same animals as their Animagus forms, the whole room is filled with our Patronuses, chasing each other. Theo’s owl is flying between the phoenix and dragon. The leopard, black panther and even the unicorn are playfully chasing each other. “Slytherin is really the best house,” Severus sounds proud. “Twenty points for Slytherin, each.” A yawn takes me over, feeling the effects of the very busy day with too little sleep. “You should go to the common room and if you ever go back outside to train as Animagus, please hide your clothes before transforming, that way I don’t have to see you all running around naked in the hallways. The portraits talk.” We walk back towards our dorms in silence, we are all exhausted. Once inside we all get ready for an early night, brushing our teeth and changing to more comfortable clothes for the night. Draco is already in bed when I return, he is reading a very thick book. I crawl inside, closing the curtains and throwing up a few privacy spells. “What are you reading?” I ask curiously as I snuggle against him. He simply wraps his arm around me and lets the book float in front of him. “The blood ritual, it will be difficult, we need to create a potion, all add our blood along with an incantation.” “Okay,” I drag out, waiting for the difficult part. “Let me explain,” he starts off. “In a pact is an male and female Alpha. That is us.” I nod. “They call it the breeding pair, they both protect the pact. We already did that today without knowing it. I walked in front and you in the back, even when we are in our human forms. It is clear that you are our human form of an Alpha, you take the lead and you are powerful. In animal nature it is mostly the men above the female, that is probably why you submitted to me but it took time.” I remain silent, waiting for him to come to his point. “As humans we seal the pact with blood, but animals are different. They don’t care about blood, they care about a bond. Intimacy creates a bond…” he trails off. “What, wait. We need to have an orgy to secure the pact bond?” I gasp. “No, no, no! That would be intense, unless you are interested,” his cheeks are pink and he is watching me, his expression neutral. “Not an orgy,” I tell him. “But to seal the animal side, we need to create it. Just like the werewolves, with a bite, a scar that you will always carry with you. Once in a pact, it is almost impossible to leave it, especially if we initiate the bond together. We will have the strongest bond and we both know that there is already a bond between us, it will only get stronger and more intense. Do you even want that?” “Will we have the bond for our entire lives?” I ask to be sure. He nods. “I don’t mind. I try not to compare too much to the Gryffindors, but in the short time I have been part of the Slytherins, I feel more at home and at peace here than I ever did with them. I finally understand that your housemates will become your family. The others felt like acquaintances, they used me and dropped me really quick. You guys are loyal, you would never let something like that happen, I know that. I want to create this blood bond with all of you, to protect and love each other.” “To love and protect,” Draco repeats and kisses me sweetly. “Tomorrow evening, under the moon.” “Can’t wait,” I tell him honestly. “We don’t deserve you, Hermione,” his nose following the line of my chin, nuzzling in my hair. I don’t know how he does it, but it doesn’t matter if his words are dirty or very sweet, my body reacts to it. We crawl under the covers, and I pull the shorts off and throw them on the end of the bed. He follows my example, our legs wrapping around each other. Just before drifting to sleep I hear him sigh deeply and mumble. “Peaches.”
  
    Chapter Text
    Draco gathered all ingredients for the potion with the help of Severus. I really hope that my Father doesn’t know what it takes to create a pact. Blood magic is already a sensitive kind of magic, very misunderstood. It is used for a lot of Dark magic based spells and old families use it to protect their property. He did warn me today, a lot of things can go wrong with Blood magic, but he does trust us. We have to follow our instincts. A small fire is burning in the middle of our circle, the moon high in the sky, shining down on us, we are sitting on our earlier used spots. When we transformed for the first time, we marked the spot with our magic, this happens with a lot of powerful magic. “I prepared the base of the potion before dinner, it needs to simmer before we add our blood. It is important to follow rank, I start, followed by Hermione, Blaise, Pansy, Theo and lastly Daphne. Each of us cast the incantation while adding the blood. We can add an extra layer to the spell, a promise for the pact. Hermione said it last night and I think it is fitting. To love and protect.” I smile up at him. “Every one has to add it otherwise it is invalid and the whole ritual will not work. Before you agree I want to tell you that I feel at home with you. I know that I am the newest member, but you guys accept me and value me as a peer and not someone you can use for easy homework. I want to protect you and I love you all.” “Ahhh Hermione, I love you too, you feel like my sister!” Daphne has tears in her eyes. “I agree, let’s add the promise,” Pansy nods. All boys agree. Draco adds the potion to the cauldron on the fire. While we wait for it to simmer, we close our eyes and meditate. It is easy to feel the wolf inside of me and I can’t wait to transform again, hopefully it won’t hurt as much. “Are ready?” Draco asks. We all nod, keeping focussed on positive thoughts and feeling our Animagus stirr inside of us. Draco pulls out a silver knife, it is long and slender. He holds his hand open, the sharp blade millimeters away from his perfect skin. He slices and I resist the urge to flinch as blood starts to gather in his palm. “Sub lunam lucem spondeo aequalem huius pacti partem esse. Superesse et crescere, protegere et amare,” he speaks clearly while he holds his hand over the cauldron, his blood dripping in the pearl white liquid. He hands the knife to me and I follow his example. The knife is very sharp and it takes a moment before I can feel the sting. I can hear Draco gasp, but I keep focussed on my part. My blood gathers and I repeat the incantation while watching my blood join the cauldron. I step back and give the knife to Blaise. The moment Blaise slashes the knife over his hand I also gasp. It feels like the knife slices my own hand again, but nothing happens. We continue the circle, everyone gasps as they feel the effects taking hold. I can feel everyone, even Daphne. The bond is already getting stronger. Draco takes the knife again and places it next to the cauldron. The last step of the potion is to stir, in our case six times clockwise and six times counter clockwise. The pearly white potion shifts to blood red, that is perfect. Draco removes it from the heat and transfers it to a big goblet. While it cools down slightly we have time to remove our clothes. We all need to take a sip of the potion, dip our fingers in it and draw the rune we choose for our pact on the next person in line. In our case we choose to use the rune of protection, since we will be in the heat of a war soon. I turn towards Draco, watching him sip and in the remaining liquid he dips two fingers. He starts drawing the rune on my breast, over my heart, instead of looking at his fingers we look each other in the eyes. It is warm and spreads through my whole body. I accept the goblet and turn to Blaise. The potion is bitter and clearly tastes like blood, but as soon as I swallow I feel an urge to move along with the next step. I dip my fingers in the glass and look up towards Blaise, his chest rises as I start to draw the rune. The bond between us is filling me with excitement, as if our emotions are merging together. He smiles as I hand him the goblet. Everyone is smiling as Daphne draws on Draco’s chest. The moment her rune is finished a red light starts to appear between Draco and me, moving along to Blaise, Pansy, Theo, Daphne and connecting to Draco once more. The last step of the human part is to join our hands, be one as we repeat the incantation for the last time. It should trigger the transformation and the animal ritual should go on instinct. I can’t deny that I am slightly nervous about it, but also an excitement which I don’t know is because of the bond or for the experience. The bond is pulling us closer and we are holding each other's hands, we gather around the small fire. “Sub lunam lucem spondeo aequalem huius pacti partem esse. Superesse et crescere, protegere et amare,” we speak in perfect unison. The fire goes out and heat spreads over my body, it is searing hot. We let go of each other and step backwards, creating more space to transform. It is quick, every bone twists and changes in my body. Hands and feet changing into paws, my vision changes and my human consciousness makes way for the animal part. The worry and nervousness disappear and are replaced by a drive and urge. I lay down in front of Draco, the others follow and we wait for him. Daphne smells very sweet, but I don’t have the urge to chase her, she is part of us, she is family. Draco is massive, he towers above me, looking down at me. I push my ears flat as he licks the top of my head, I submit completely to him. He moves down in ranks. We all carry his scent on us and now we mark him with ours. He sits down in front of us and I am the first to stand up, in just a few long strides I am in front of him. I rub my head underneath his mouth, my body pushing against his chest. The others will first mark Draco and do the same on me, accepting me as their female Alpha, recognising us as the Breeding Pair of the pact.  Blaise follows and rubs himself on our right flank. Pansy uses his other flank, Theo lands in front of him and rubs against his front paws, doing the same to me. Draco stands as Daphne walks over. She is careful as she rubs her head along his back. She is absolutely gorgeous, shining white with long manes and a pearly white horn pointing from her head. For a second I want to lower myself, knowing that the horn can easily pierce my skin and stab me, but I refrain and let her mark me.The dynamic changes quickly, I am surrounded by the pact, but Draco’s eyes light up. Signaling the next step in the animal ritual. He growls and the females quickly walk away, laying down a few meters away. Theo is the next to join them, not daring to take on Draco. Blaise however, stays close to me, marking me more. Draco lets out another growl in warning followed by a snap of his powerful jaws. Showing his teeth and strength. Blaise growls back, clearly feeling brave, but it doesn’t take long before Draco has him pressed on the ground. He pushes Blaise away from me and he gives up, joining the others. Laying down and watching Draco and me. We start to circle and rub our scents onto each other. Draco sniffs and licks all over my body. In the morning we had a discussion about where we want the bite to be. A normal place is the neck, but that makes it visible and the knowledge of a pact can be used against us. People know what it means, but don’t know the full meaning. They assume it is dark magic or associate it with being a werewolf. We decided to bite just above my hip, his teeth need to break my skin in order for the bond to complete. Everyone who is part of the pact will also get the mark. He uses his nose to feel where he can bite me without damaging organs or nerves. I offer him my side, standing in front of him. My tail shows that I am at ease and he can bite me. He nudges me a couple times before he strikes. His nips and he adds pressure, his teeth sink in. Pain shoots through my body, quickly followed by an overwhelming sense of excitement that is not my own. Draco keeps holding on, I lock eyes with him and growl a warning for him to let go. Instead of doing that, tugs on me, trying to get on top of me. I twist my body and bark, a final warning before I will strike. He keeps pawing at me and I manage to bite his neck. The moment releases me he starts running and I chase him. This is more playful and I am able to keep up and even jump on top of him, making him stumble and fall to the ground.  We nip and lick, before he pushes me off of him. The others are joining us, we are a pile of animals who would never play with each other in the wild, but this weird bunch is a real pact. The remainder of the night we run and play, enjoying heightened emotions and testing our bodies. We find a huge open field and Daphne gallops away, Blaise and Pansy follow her, quickly catching up with her. Theo is sitting on Draco’s back, I imagine that flying is very tiring. I sit beside them, my head underneath Draco’s. I love being close to him, it feels like our bond is continually pulling us together. While watching the three others run, I can feel each of their excitement, Theo and Draco feel proud and calm. Just as the sun is rising, we return to our little clearing. This will be the first time returning to our human bodies, last time it happened in our sleep. I imagine myself as a human, my eyes, hair and curves of my body. Theo is the first one to get back to human form, only taking minutes. As he walks past me to grab his clothes he reaches out and pets my head, like I am just a small, cute dog. I huff and push my nose against his hip, making him stumble. The light just catches the small marking just above his hip, it is red, but a lot smaller than I imagined. His interruption breaks my concentration and I have to start over again. I am the last one to turn back and get dressed. While dressing I caress the new mark on my body, he bit in the perfect spot in between the last rib and my hip. It is a small circle of dots on the side of my body. “We should do this more often,” Blaise laughs as we walk up to the castle. “Not the ritual, but just having fun, running around and playing.” We all agree with him and promise to do exactly that at least once a month. In the coming months our animals settle more and more into our bodies, enhancing our human senses to closely match our animal’s. It is the last day of school before the Christmas break and I still don’t know where I am going to spend it. I will wait after potions to ask Severus about it. We still have a couple of hours before our first class, enough time for a quick nap. This time I am prepared and have a small phial of Invigoration Draught for everyone, just to give us a boost of energy to start the day. Daphne and Pansy go to their room and the moment we step inside ours, Draco enlarges the bed once again and we all pile on top of it. Draco and I lay in the middle, Blaise forming his body behind mine and Theo behind Draco. Sleep takes over quickly. Blaise almost throws the alarm through the room, but we freshen up and take the draught before walking towards the Great Hall. With every step I take I feel the bond pulling me forward. Daphne and Pansy are already sitting at the table, looking up the exact moment we round the corner. For the first time I plate up a second breakfast, I am famished and clearly I am not the only one. It feels like I slept a solid ten hours last night instead of barely three hours, the bond is pulsing with energy. We fall into a comfortable formation. Draco and I in front, Pansy and Blaise diagonally behind us and Theo and Daphne almost between them. Even in class they switch seats to keep in the same couples. Severus notices, but doesn’t make a remark. I bet he spent his night reading about pact bonds. The lesson goes by quickly, in the end Severus gives us a lot of homework. That way we don’t have to get bored or return stupider than when we left. Both scenarios are very likely to still happen, according to him. I wait until the class is empty, sending the others to the next class and I will later join them. “Hi,” I greet him. “You survived?” he asks, it sounds sarcastic, but I know he must feel some kind of relief. “It went perfect,” I tell him and hold up my sweater, showing him the wound on my side. “Are you in pain?” He is already turning towards his cabinet filled with potions. “No, don’t feel even a hint of pain. I guess the bond will settle more in the coming weeks, right now it is buzzing with energy.” He nods and examines my hand, there is only a small line visible and you have to look very closely to notice it. “Should I register to stay at school?” I ask. “Do you want to stay here?” He leans against his desk, watching me. “I don’t think I have a lot of other options,” I counter. “We could go to my house,” he offers. I look up in surprise. “You can leave during the break?” “Of course, it is a lot quieter and peaceful. I don’t have any decorations, I must add.” “That doesn’t matter, we can always shop for a few things. I would like to spend the holiday together. Last time I noticed a lot of books I still want to read and now I can,” I smirk. “That’s settled then, we leave tomorrow by Floo. Dumbledore is keeping an eye on you and testing to break your Occlumency, his trust in us both has dropped considerably. We both need to be careful,” he rushes out the information while turning away from me. I frown and know I need to seperate the memories quickly. “Thank you, I will be here tomorrow around ten,” I respond and walk towards the next lesson. While walking I compartmentalize the memory, putting it away in their designated rooms. When I sit down at Transfiguration it feels like a puzzle piece clicking into place. “Miss Snape, you are late,” Professor McGonagall notes, loud enough for the whole class to hear. “I had a question for Professor Snape,” I explain, making sure to use his title. “Personal matters must be done before or after school hours,” she remarks. “It wasn’t personal,” I lie easily. She narrows her eyes slightly, but I meet her stare. I know I won as she turns her back towards me and starts the class. Each Professor has the same idea it seems, giving us a huge load of homework. Our evening is spent mostly in the library, trying to finish as much as we can. I’m almost done, only need to finish Potions and Charms, but I want to research some extra materials before the last proofread and call it finished. My trunk is ready for the holiday break, I’m not looking forward to sleeping alone, but I will have Achilles close to me. Draco promises to write and send a present on Christmas day. I really need to search for a unique gift for him, maybe even something muggle, adding spells to make it extra special. It is our last night together for a while and ever since transforming and performing the ritual I feel the need to be touching him. We start caressing each other’s body, feeling the movement of muscles underneath the skin. Soon after our mouths find each other and start exploring. My body is on fire and only he can cool me down. It is a good thing that I put up extra privacy spells to keep my screams of pleasure contained within the curtains around the bed. His tongue and fingers bring me my first orgasm, followed up by him entering me in a tortures slow manner while rubbing my clit and the last is the most extreme, finding our release together as I am impaling myself hard and fast on top of him. The next morning we are greeted by a smiling Blaise at breakfast. “Sleep well?” I ask cautiously, seeing as he normally isn’t a happy morning person. “Eventually I did,” his smile is bright and bubbly. I raise my brow and start to pick my breakfast. “Fun fact,” he starts and I look up at him. “Falling asleep was a bit difficult, I constantly felt these waves of…” he rubs his fingers together, a motion he uses as he is trying to find a word. “Excitement… over the bond. It kept getting more and more until… it reached a peak, a climax if you will. That repeated itself around three times, the last time the most intense. It left me in a state, wanting to feel my own peak. After that I slept like a log.” My mouth is hanging open while I stare at him, my face is burning. Draco is the first one to laugh, careless, full of joy and bright. Between gasps for breaths he whispers. “You felt us fuck… you could feel our orgasms… and you jerked off to it.” Tears are streaming down his cheeks. “That is not funny,” I hiss to Draco. There must be a way to block it out. They can’t expierence our sex life every time. “It is fine, Hermione. It is probably only while the bond is so fresh and needs time to move to the background,” Daphne’s cheeks are pink and voice soft. “I am so sorry,” I tell them. My eyes fall on the plates of Theo and Blaise, I reach over the table and give them a smack on their heads. “You are eating peach tarts,” I accuse them. “They requested them from a house elf,” Pansy smirks. I groan and glare at the boys. Beside me Draco perks up. “Dobby!” “You can’t call Dobby here,” I tell him, but I hear the crack of elf apparition behind me. “Miss asked for me,” he squeaks. I turn around and face Dobby. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to call you,” I apologize. “Young Mistress Hermione, doesn’t wish to see Dobby?” tears welling up in his big eyes. “No, Dobby, I’m not your mistress and that is not what I meant. I love seeing you. How are you doing?” I quickly ask, to keep him from crying. “Dobby is making food for Christmas. Dobby likes cooking for a feast, always a lot of leftovers.” “Dobby,” Draco smirks. “Do you have a few peach tarts over, please?” “Of course, Young Master Malfoy,” slipping back into his old habits, he pops away for a few seconds. He returns with a full plate of them. At least Draco said please and they do smell amazing, steam rising from them. Draco accepts the plate and puts it in the middle of the table. Theo and Blaise are quick to grab a new one. I laugh as I relent and also put one on my plate. Dobby leaves us to eat our breakfast and prepare to go back home. The others are riding back with the Hogwarts Express, while I will use the Floo. At the entrance of the school we all hug and hold each other tight, enjoying the bond that is bursting with energy. Draco kisses me before catching up with the others. I return to the empty dorm room and feel restless. Their scents are strong and I decide to grab my trunk and walk toward Severus’ private quarters, the wards recognise me and let me in. I still have an hour to wait before we leave. I am not in the mood to be around other people or Professors. Is this how a lone wolf feels? I don’t like it. I take my time looking for a book to read while I wait, eventually picking a very old potions book. Severus writes in almost every book, but it is to an extreme in potion books. Almost in every available spot are notes. He even changes amounts in recipes, probably perfecting it after a lot of trial and error. I have to admit to be also fascinated with his way of thinking, it is very similar to mine, or other way around I guess. Still, I would not write inside a book, I would prefer to use sticky notes, that way I can even use a color code. I lose myself in the book and push the annoying feeling of being alone to the background. A few minutes before ten he walks inside, not surprised to find me here. “Good book?” he asks after recognizing it. “Yes, good notes,” I smirk and before I can close it he hands me a bookmark. “A gift,” he explains. It is emerald leather and a silver H is stamped into it, the bookmark has the perfect thickness and size. “Thank you,” I let out softly, surprised by a gift and mentally adding him to the list of people I need to shop for. I bring the book along with me as we walk up towards Dumbledore’s office. Severus floats both our trunks up the stairs. It takes five more minutes for Dumbledore to show up and allow us access to his Floo. I feel very restless, not able to hold still. The bond is stretching further but I can still feel flutters of their emotions, but it feels as if I am surrounded by mist and the emotions are duller when they reach me. Dumbledore walks in and watches me in silence as I am pasing. “Eager to get away from here?” he asks. I look up, noticing him, he is concentrating but I don’t feel him putting pressure on my mental walls. Still I check them, just to be sure. “I’m bored,” I respond simply. “And I need to do some Christmas shopping.”  Trying to give him a realistic reason for my pacing. “I always receive socks for Christmas,” he smiles as if nothing is wrong in the world. “I like useful gifts,” I tell him and it is the truth. “I won’t hold you up any longer,” he summons the Floo power. Just before I step into the flames, I turn. “Enjoy your holidays, Headmaster.” “You too, miss Snape.” I call out the destination and feel my body getting sucked up. My cloak is dusty when I step out of the fireplace at Spinner’s End. Severus steps out a few seconds after me. Without speaking I walk towards the guest room, noticing Achilles sitting by the window. I let him in, but he doesn’t hop on my shoulder. He tilts his head as he watches me. We are both predators, so it should be an easy thing to get used to. He can probably sense the wolf inside of me and noting my current state. I upack while Achilles keeps an eye on me, I push the feelings down and focus on organising my items. By the time I am done, Achilles has decided to sit on my shoulder again, knowing I am not a threat to him.“I made tea,” Severus motions to the kettle on the table. He is sitting in his chair with a book resting on the armrest. I feel the heating spell the moment I almost touch the kettle. Things feel less strained between us, since the last time I was here. That is also not difficult seeing as how much has changed in between. It feels like things changed for the better, like I am finding my spot in this world. I curl myself in the corner of the couch, pulling my feet off the cold floors, creating a little pocket of space between my ass and feet. Achilles nestles himself in the spot, perfectly warming my feet. “Can I go to Diagon Alley this afternoon?” I ask. Severus raises his eyebrow. “Why?” “I need to buy gifts for my friends,” I shrug. “Normally my muggle mother would prepare some gifts.” “Do you want me to come along?” he asks. “Only if you want to. I am old enough to make a quick trip on my own.” “As long as you stay on the main path and be careful,” he warns, sounding like a typical father but combining it with a scowl. I nod and we remain silent for the rest of the morning. Reading our books and drinking tea. He prepares a simple lunch and we sit in the kitchen. “You had a good first part of the year,” he notes as we start eating. “Thank you, I am the best in all of my classes.” “The only classes you don’t take are Muggle Studies and Divination.” I shrug. “I like learning.” “You are good at teaching, the younglings are growing into their power, showing even more control and determination than before.” “Thank you, they are great. I wouldn’t be able to do this without them,” I confess and feel an ache. I rub the spot just above my heart, as if I can see the rune of protection still on my skin. “How are you feeling?” noting the movement. “I’m getting used to it, I feel restless and uneasy, but I can push it to the back of my mind. Sometimes it just pops up. Guess it needs time to settle down.” “It is very difficult to become an Animagus, but being one is not easy as well.” “I’m a black wolf,” I tell him, wanting to share my experiences with him. Really feeling like father and daughter. “Draco is also a wolf, but white.” “What do you like most about it?” he asks, keeping the conversation going. “The power,” my response is instant. I explain how I like the feeling of running and the way my legs feel. Also knowing that we are able to complete the whole training in minimum time. It shows our human and magical strength. I tell him how I hate the feeling of being less than anyone or knowing that I am weaker.  That is something that I want to avoid as much as possible. The Death Eaters think I am less than them because I am not a Pureblood, but they also know that I am very powerful and can take them on if I want to. That balances out the feeling of weakness. Ron always made me feel weak, relenting everytime when he asked to copy my homework or join them to the Quidditch practices in the cold. Sitting alone and watching them fly. I never stood up for myself before I started talking to Draco. After lunch I use his Floo to go to Diagon Alley. It is busy with families shopping for their gifts. Being alone has its perks, I can easily avoid people and get my gifts quickly. I notice that my vault is fuller than normal, apparently the muggle people added my Muggle savings to it. That was very nice of them. I hope my friends like their gifts, but I am most nervous about Severus’ response. Every item is wrapped up in emerald packaging paper with silver ribbons. I bet they love to show their Slytherin pride every chance they get. Besides buying gifts I also buy simple decorations. A few candles that stop burning when the room is empty and start burning as someone enters. I notice that they work with a very weak and basic locator spell. The last thing I buy are lights, we can decorate the living room, and warm things up for the holidays. When I return, Achilles is still napping in the same spot on the couch. Severus is sitting in his chair, with tea and a book. “I’m back,” I announce. “I know.” I put the gifts on the table in my room, before returning I change my outfit quickly. Time to relax and read in a comfortable and warm outfit. Severus looks up when I walk in the living room, my arms filled with the candles and lights. He also looks at my checkered green and grey pajama bottoms, with a simple green sweater. “Green does look better on you,” he remarks and continues reading. I decorate the room, spreading out the candles on the table and the lights around the fireplace. The flames flicker excitedly and the little light bulbs change from green to silver. If someone walks in it is at least very clear to which Hogwarts house we belong. Every now and then Severus looks up, watches me for a moment and continues his reading. I also bought food for the next few days. For the first time in years I find myself cooking again. My mind is wandering while I prepare a simple pasta. I don’t use any magic, I like the feeling of dicing the vegetables and waiting for the water to boil. Making the sauce feels like brewing a potion. Before food is ready, Severus joins me and starts setting the table. He uncorks a bottle of wine and fills two glasses. I only have had a few secret sips of wine from my muggles mother’s glass, too curious to wait to reach the legal age to taste it. I serve dinner and we both digg in. “This tastes great,” Severus compliments me. “It was the first recipe I ever learned,” I share, remembering watching my muggle mom making it and slowly teaching me each step. We have enough leftovers for tomorrow. Severus places a stasis charm on it, to keep it fresh in the fridge. Our magic takes care of the dishes, while we finish our glasses of wine. I like the deep and rich taste of the grapes. Smoother than Firewhiskey, that is for sure. After finishing our second glass in the living room while reading, I feel the effects of the alcohol. The dull pulses of the bond are in the background of my mind. I feel warm and cozy. When night fell I let out Achilles, giving him time to fly around and hunt. It is midnight when I stand up and stretch. My muscles aching slightly and protesting. “I’m going to bed,” I announce. “Goodnight, Father,” I yawn. “Goodnight, Hermione,” he responds after a heartbeat. I brush my teeth and curl up in the bed, leaving my window ajar, that way Achilles can always come in. With a simple spell I block out the cold wind and heat the room. The alcohol makes it easy to fall asleep into a dreamless night. I wake up with the scent of breakfast and plop down at the table, which is already set. “I just wanted to wake you,” Severus greets. “I smelled food,” I smirk while tapping my nose. “Animal,” he counters, but it is playful. The day is calm, we spend our time in a lot of silence with our noses in different books. The conversations between us are easy, he explains a few potions and why he changed certain ingredients. When he notices that I rub my chest he asks questions about Potions, testing me and keeping my mind off the bond. I finish my homework for the whole break and he already grades my Potion’s research. He had perfect books to understand the material. We eat our leftover pasta, which tastes even better than before. The sauce had time to take up more flavour. I spend the evening in the kitching, with Severus helping me. We are making soup for the coming days. Just like creating a potion. He helps me learn different cutting techniques to get perfect squares or even small sticks, professionally called juilline. It is easy to work together, he stirs while I add the ingredients at the right time. With the help of charms to keep a simmer going the vegetables cook to perfection. We finish the second bottle of wine, but this time I can’t fall asleep quickly. I keep tossing and turning, my chest is burning. Achilles even returns early to help me fall asleep. He is resting on the pillow beside my head. It is as if his animal pressens calms down the bond slightly and I am able to finally fall asleep after hours of frustration. It’s Christmas and I am walking over the gravel towards the big gates of Malfoy Manor. The door swings open and Draco is waiting. He is dressed in a black on black suit, looking devilishly handsome. I smile up at him, but his face remains passive, his eyes cold and not a smirk to be seen. He leads me towards the Dining Room and it is filled with people, sitting at the long table. “I have the Mudblood,” Draco sneers and everyone turns towards me. “What?” I ask, perplexed. He grabs my upper arm and shoves me on the table. People cheer him on and he follows me on to it. I look down at my body and I am wearing his shirt, already dirty and stained with blood. When I look up again, Draco is sneering at me, wand drawn and pointing in my direction. “You know the spell, Draco,” a high voice tells him, walking up behind him, she cackles. Draco doesn’t respond, he is watching me. “Let me show you,” Bellatrix laughs. “Crucio!” The spell is fast and extremely powerful. I am thrown back and lang on my back, hitting my head on the table. The curse burns through my body, reaching my head within seconds. There is nothing I can do. I don’t have a wand on me and I can’t even feel my magic. A scream rips from my throat, as my muscles contract. “Join me, Draco,” she demands. My heart rips open as I hear him. The person I love, the person with whom I have the most powerful bond, the person who knows every inch of my body. His beautiful voice doesn’t tremble, doesn’t sound sad or scared, but powerful as he demands his magic to hurt me, to torture me. “Crucio!” The curse is just as powerful as his aunts, ripping through my body. My face is wet with teas and I taste blood, I am literally screaming bloody murder. They are killing me. The pain is my mind is blinding and my brain is already starting to shut down. I am looking down at my physical body. Blood running from my mouth, nose and ears. The shirt is barely covering me, but on every visible part of my skin are bruises and cuts. I look awful and Iike I am going to die. My screams continue, but I watch as my head falls to the side, tears leaking on the table. “Kill the mudblood, Draco. Do it, she is worthless, dirty and not worthy of magic.” This time he doesn’t wait and I know he is going to do it. Both torture curses stop, my body continues to spasm on the table, hands twitching and even my head doesn’t stop having little movements. But will all my power and will I look up at Draco, with both bodies. A Death Eater mask has hidden his face, but I only need to see his grey eyes. They are flat and cold. Is this how he will look in the future? “Avada Kedavra,” he casts and makes the movement. The green bolt of lighting is heading toward my laying body. I watch as it strikes my head, immediately every movement stops, the shine leaves my eyes and the last tear falls. My mouth hangs open. He killed me, without a second thought, he just did it. I watch him, but he doesn't show any sign of regret. I look around the table, all the Death Eaters are watching me, they are unmasked and I recognise them. The Dark Lord is sitting on the head of the table, Severus standing on his side. Both are watching me.  I am pulled from the nightmare, everything is black and the only thing I can hear is my own screams, they are ringing in my ears. Big hands wrap around my wrist, but I struggle against them. Everything is black, I can’t even see shadows. What is happening with me? My body is trembling and twitching, like the Crucio really hit me. My skin is burning on the places I am touched. I know that my eyes are open, I can feel them blinking, I can open my mouth and try to speak, but I can’t hear and my throat hurts. My nightmares were bad, but nothing like this. Have I gone blind and deaf? I can’t even feel the pact bond, my whole body is overwhelmed with the pain coursing through me. “Help me,” I try to speak, but I don’t even know if words are leaving my lips. The hands let my wrists go, I see myself laying on that table again, bleeding and in pain. I flinch as the memory sucks me back in. I’m not asleep, I can feel the hands picking me up, the bed is gone and we are moving, but my mind is trapped in the memory. Is this a delayed effect of the last torture curse, have I finally gone mad. I have, there is no other way. It was to be expected, I survived 27 torture curses, Bellatrix did it, hers was the last one my body and mind could take. I stop thinking about the what ifs and what could have been. I just watch myself get killed over and over again. While my body is laying on the table, I can still move around the room. Watch it from each angle. I only have to endure this until my body gives out, it won’t take long.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Hermione?” he sounds so far away. Slowly the sensation in my body returns. I’m laying and the bed is very soft. Quickly I start to regret the relief I felt from the sensation returning. Every muscle in my body hurts. It feels like I am trampled by a herd of Hippogriffs. “Hermione?” the voice is becoming clearer. I struggle to open my eyes, but I succeed. The room is dark, decorated in emerald green and grey. “Where am I?” My voice is hoarse and raw, barely a whisper. “My room,” a softer voice responds, I follow the sound to find the person who it belongs to. A young man, blond hair and pale eyes. I frown, I know him, but I can’t remember. Something in my chest starts to warm, without thinking about it I reach for him. He comes closer, sits on the edge of the bed, he holds my hand between both of his. “How do you feel?” he asks. He is beautiful, everything about him is pale, he is almost a ghost, but dark circles under his eyes stops me from believing that he really is one. Also because his hands are warm and solid, holding me tight. “Hermione?” the voice is deep and comes from behind the young men. The older man is dressed in a black shirt and black pants, his hair is black and almost reaching his shoulders. He is frowning, wrinkles in his forehead, next to his eyes and around his mouth. I look at him without answering, just taking him in, trying to remember. “Do you know who we are?” he asks carefully. I remain silent, wrecking my brain to come up with an answer, anything. “No,” I answer.Both their mouths open and they inhale sharply. The older man turns and I hear the rattling of glass bottles. He turns back, with one of them in his hands. “That is alright, just know that you are safe with us. You know us, but you hit your head,” he holds up the bottle. “This can help you, do you think you can sit up and drink this?” I watch them both, but I don’t feel scared of them. Trying to sit up is a whole struggle and I fail miserably. The younger man holds my head up and tips the liquid in my mouth. It is very sweet. He lays me back down and takes my hand again in his. “You will be alright,” he tells me, or maybe more to himself. The liquid is warming my body and my eyelids feel very heavy. I relax and let the tiredness take over. What if the nightmare wasn’t just a nightmare, what if it was a glimpse into my life if I was what I always believed to be. I wanted to be a Gryffindor, to be brave and have courage. I was happy to be a muggleborn, proud of it even. Everything changed, I'm a Slytherin and a Halfblood, a very powerful one at that. What if everything changed to give me a second chance at life, to live. The Slytherins are my friends, my home. I have my Fathers support. I don’t want to be afraid anymore, I want to rise and grow, to serve the Dark Lord and lead the younglings. I want to be the most powerful one of all. Memories flood my mind, drowning out my new realisation, but I feel the acceptance of this extra chance and I am going to make the most of it. I open my eyes, the room is lighter than before. “Draco?” I ask, noticing his head on the edge of the bed. He stirrs, looking up. “You remember?” he asks. “Of course I remember you,” I scoff. “You are not that forgettable,” I tease him, but his eyes are shining brighter than before. “Are you going to cry?” I gasp in shock. He launches for me, pulling me towards him. His head on top of mind, arms wrapped around me. My body hurts with the movements, but I like his arms around me. Our bond is wrapping around us both, I can feel his emotions as if they are my own. He is happy and relieved, it is flooding through him. I, on the other hand, am confused. It was a nightmare, why is he so concerned about that? We know that they happen when I sleep alone. This time something good came from it, I know that I need to use my second chance in life to its full extent. Draco pulls away, grabbing his wand and casts a Patronus charm. “Severus, she is awake.” The dragon flies away and I am too amazed with the utter beauty of the Hungarian Iron Belly to realise what he said. He pulls me closer to him again while we wait. The door opens and Severus appears, followed by Narcissa and Lucius. What is up with everyone coming here?I look around the room and down at my body. The green and silver, the huge bed, the softness and a shirt that is coming down to my thighs. I jump up, pushing past Draco, too fast for him to do something to prevent it. I pull on my magic, making it gather around my hands and not bothering to keep it hidden. “We are not here to hurt you, dear,” Narcissa speaks up, showing her hands.
I don’t let my guard down and watch the four of them before remaining on Severus. “What do you remember?” Again a question about remembering things. “I had a nightmare, I woke up here. It is Christmas break and we were at Spinner’s End. Why am I here, dressed like this?” “You woke me up, you were screaming and I couldn’t wake you up. When you opened your eyes, they were filled with the same color as your magic, completely. You couldn’t hear me or see anything. I brought you here to help you.” “And?” I sneer, feeling that he is letting things out. He looks over to Draco and everyone remains silent. I lock eyes with Severus again and I strike, slipping past his Occlumency and into the memory of that night. It is right at the front and not even compartmentalized. He opens the bedroom door, seeing me trash in the bed, screaming. It is dark but the moment he grabs my wrists, the screams lessen and I wake up. My eyes open and irises are filled with bluish-white, as if lightning is moving through them. It is bright and casts a glow over my face, I am bleeding. Blood is dripping from my mouth, nose, ears and even my tears. It is a bright contrast against my face.“Hermione, do you hear me?” he asks, but I don’t respond. I try to look around, but I can’t see anything. He let’s go and picks me up, he carries me towards the fireplace and calls out Malfoy Manor. He stumbles into the foyer of the manor, calling out for Lucius. Not only Lucius appears quickly, but is followed by Narcissa and Draco. They are still dressed for the day even though it must be late. “What happened?” Lucius asks, looking around, trying to decide what to do or where to go. “My room,” Draco tells them. “She will be safe there, far away from the others.” While they all hurry to his room, Severus explains what happened. Draco pulls the covers of the bed along with the pillows, throwing everything in the corner. Severus lays me down and I notice that my body is still shaking. “She is trapped,” Lucius explains. “A side effect of the Crucio.” “We need to help her, Lucius,” Narcissa sounds scared. Her fingers are touching her lips. “We can try, but it will be difficult and there are risks.” “I don’t care!” Severus burst out. “I don’t care about the risks, I need her back.” “Draco, help me gather supplies, Severus go to the library, find the book hidden behind the shelves, you know the one!”Everything moves quickly and when Severus returns with a very heavy book. My face is clean and Narcissa is sitting on the edge of the bed with a blood filled bowl next to her and a stained cloth in her hand. Three men are working on a potion. Everytime a drop of blood appears, she wipes it away. It is a long time before the potion is ready. They are coming and going in the room. Draco even sets up wards, to keep others out. I’m getting paler with the hour, moving less and less. Narcissa and Draco massage my hands and arms, trying to help with the cramping and twitching, while waiting for the potion. It is dark outside before it is finished, Lucius and Severus return. They are dressed in Death Eater robes and look exhausted. Narcissa and Draco make room on the bed for the two men. They are on either side of me, holding me upright as they tip in the potion. I don’t even resist anymore as the potion goes down my throat and immediately they start an incantation, their wands against my temples. My magic spreads out, filling their eyes. The spell connects us, giving them access to my mind. I watch as they start pulling out memories and putting them in jars. Suddenly Lucius pulls and a red glowing ribbon comes out, Severus also pulls one out. They continue for minutes, then discard them in a bowl. Severus pulls and my body seizes, my whole body contracts and the moment the ribbon is out, I slump. Everyone stops and watches me. “She isn’t breathing,” Draco notices. They wait but nothing changes. Draco starts panicking, grabbing my hand and tears are streaming down his face. I have never seen him cry like this, looking up to his mother and father, devastated. Lucius and Severus stop the spell, my magic returns to my body and I gasp. Everyone in the room slumps with relief.I pull myself back from his mind. I was gone for a few minutes, but everyone is still standing where they stood earlier. Severus is holding his head, he continues from the point where I left. “You woke up hours later and couldn’t remember who I was, or Draco. I put you to sleep and tried again, it was a huge risk but it worked.” “Would I have died?” I ask curiously. “Eventually, you would have, until then you would be trapped in your own mind,” Lucius explains. If he was in my mind there is a possibility that he has seen things, secrets that could get me killed anyway. He doesn’t show any sign of knowing and I can’t ask. Severus would not have trusted him and let him in my mind if he would tell the Dark Lord.“How do you feel?” Narcissa asks. “Everything hurts. Why are there still wards around the room?” I counter, looking at Draco. Even if I didn’t see it in the memory, I feel the magic and recognise it as his. “My sister doesn’t like you and it would have been very easy to kill you, this was a safer option.” I pull my magic back, close my eyes for a moment and feel all the bonds that are attached to me. They all feel normal again. “You need to rest, I will give you a pain potion,” Severus breaks my concentration and I nod. It is weird to crawl into Draco’s bed and he follows me, pulling me against him and summoning the covers. It is not the first time they see me in one of his shirts, but still.  Narcissa and Lucius nod and leave the room without another word. Severus follows after giving the potion. It is only a simple pain potion, not combined with a sleeping draught. “Your parents know about our bond?” I ask. He chuckles. “The house elves can see them and they probably noticed something was up. I felt your emotions during the nightmare, the whole pact did. Everyone was Firecalling us and shortly after Severus stood in the foyer.” “We are not very subtle,” I laugh softly. “We need to be better at that.”It is silent for a few minutes while the potion is dulling the pain in my body. I listen to his steady heartbeat, his warmth and scent. It thrums through my body, I’m safe and with the Alpha of the pact. A house elf appears with a tray of tea and biscuits. “Mistress told me to bring these,” she announces, places it on the bedside table and disappears again. Draco twists his body and picks up a cup, carefully handing it to me. It is the perfect temperature, easy to drink and still warming my body. “You are staying here for the remainder of the break,” Draco states. “Everyone is coming tomorrow for Christmas dinner, it is a tradition. The Dark Lord is here, along with multiple Death Eaters. I am sure the inner circle is also invited.” I snort. “What is it with Christmas and all the drama I cause?” He chuckles. “Lacking attention?” “No, I’m good for now,” I admit, letting my hand travel under his shirt, enjoying the feel of his stomach. He sighs deeply. “Don’t scare me like that anymore, please.” The light mood is gone in an instant. Draco Lucius Malfoy is saying the word please, what a day to be alive. “I won’t,” I promise and close my eyes. The next morning we wake up late. He helps me to get out of bed and warm up and massage my aching muscles. After I am able to walk without flinching I get dressed. Severus knocks and gives me another pain potion along with my trunk. It takes a while for all the pain to be pushed to the background. I open the trunk and find all the gifts I bought inside. “You can add them to the tree or send them out if you want. We have enough owls,” Draco watches me. “When will they be here?” “Tomorrow, so you have an extra day to recover. Do you want to go to the library?” “As if you have to ask,” I laugh. I love the library, more than anything in life. It is huge, filled with thousands of books and knowledge. I spot banned books, old books and the newest books. Best of all, I can just touch them and read them. We spent the whole day there, both reading multiple books. Narcissa sends us food, tea and pain potions throughout the day. The house elf places it on the table and leaves. It is just the two of us. There is a sitting area, with different chairs and a couch. I try them all in order to figure out which one I will be claiming over the rest of the holiday. We both bring a book back with us to his room. While reading with the books hovering in front of us, Draco is holding my hand, softly massaging the muscles. The twitching is getting a lot less. I put away the book, curl myself around Draco and fall asleep as if we are just laying in our bed at Hogwarts and nothing happened.Narcissa knocks on the door and Draco opens it from his bed. She walks in, looking at us with a raised brow. “Draco, you should have known we need time to prepare. Why are you still in bed,” she asks. “We just woke up, Mother,” he lies. “Give us a minute and we will be out of bed and ready to prepare for the night.”Just the top of my head is peaking from the covers and I feel a blush spreading across my face. She turns away and while leaving she talks. “Do open a window when you are finished and I do hope that for Hermione's sake it will take longer than a minute.” Draco tries to deny it, but Narcissa is already gone. “Do you think she knows?” he grins. “Oh, she knows,” I laugh and wipe my mouth, tasting the last drop of his release. “I bet she waited until the perfect moment.” I crawl up more and he grabs my face just before kissing me. “I just love waking you up with a blowjob,” I tell him. “Do you want your reward now, or later, pet?” his eyes are glowing. “Later,” I surprise him and myself by saying that. “I need something to look forward to.” “I will make sure it is something worth looking forward to. You are going to enjoy it, you are getting all dressed up. Just like Yule Ball, but this time it is in front of the Dark Lord and other Pureblood families.” “Weirdly enough, it does sound better than last year,” I smirk, trying not to dwell on last year's Christmas. He rolls out of bed, throws open the curtains and a window. Sunlight is kissing his pale skin. After a shower together, I get dressed in a pair of jeans and a sweater. Draco walks with me towards the wing of his parents, avoiding the common areas and making sure we are not caught. Narcissa opens the door wide and steps aside. “Thank you, Draco, that will be all.” She closes the door in his face and turns to me. “There is a lot to do and not a lot of time before the first guest starts to arrive.” Her room is beautiful, filled with cream colored furniture, a chaise lounge, multiple chairs and a bathroom. I don’t want to know if they sleep apart, I don’t want to know, I don’t want to know. “Is this really your room?” “No, this is my closet.” She laughs at my shocked expression. “When you live in a place this large, you search for ways to use all the space.” We spend the late morning and early afternoon getting ready, She curls my hair and pulls it back, the curls cascade down my back. After that she applied little diamonds in it, making it match with my eyes. She used an eyeshadow that looked like crushed up diamonds. I can only gasp as she pulls out a dress, silver and beaded from head to toe. The shape of it is simple but the dress doesn’t need anything more. It has a deep v neckline, thin straps that wrap over my shoulders and down my back. The back is very low, I can feel the air caressing my skin. It is a heavy dress and a few inches fool around my feet. “I hope you don’t mind that I bought the dress for you?” Narcissa asks while I’m slipping into it. “No, I love it, thank you so much. I will make a trip to Gringotts and make sure the money is sent to your vaults.” “Don’t be ridiculous, you don’t need to pay me back. You need to get used to it,” she laughs. “Malfoy men are known to spoil their wives.” My face turns bright red at the mention of the possibility of being one of those wives. “Oh, eh,” I stutter. “We will see about that,” I end up saying. “Nonsense!” she zips up the dress. “Draco is smitten with you, even before you were together. In every letter he mentioned you.” “He did?” I ask shocked, reminding myself that I did the same to my mother. “Yes, that you were the first one to get their feather to levitate. He also mentioned that you hate flying and you closed your eyes when you were in the air. In his words you didn’t appreciate the beauty of the sky.” I giggle because that does sound like things Draco would say and be very annoyed about. Narcissa guides me over to a huge mirror. “I have heels for you, we can resize them and add a few charms to make them comfortable,” her eyes glides down my body, stopping at the golden snake wrapped around my right arm. “You have a tattoo?” “No, not really,” I perform the spell to get the snake out of my skin and unwrap it. “It is a jewelry piece, Draco gifted it for my birthday, he added all kinds of spells on it.” She takes the bracelet and turns it over. “This is an heirloom, I didn’t know he had this.” A bad feeling starts to spread out. “Do you want it back, I would understand.” Just the thought of returning it hurts. “Of course not, he gifted it, it is yours,” she holds out her hand and shows her wedding ring. “Lucius gave me this heirloom.” “It is beautiful,” I tell her as I admire the wedding ring. It is a simple band, but a huge emerald takes the attention as it is surrounded by smaller diamonds. “You pulled it from your skin, can you place it anywhere on the body?” she asks curiously, looking over the bracelet. “Yes it works with a spell, it can sink into the skin, that way I can’t lose it and always have it close to me.” “It is beautifully done, do you think we can add it to your back, make it like a statement.” I nod and turn in front of the mirror, looking at the low back of the dress, barely covering my behind. Narcissa opens the bracelet and holds it against my back. I bend over to make it easier to position how she wants it to. “Now you have to tap it with your wand and say the spell,” I instruct her. “Stigmata,” she follows my instructions and I feel the snake sink in and move along my spine. “Can it change colors?” “I don’t know, I haven’t tried it,” I tell her. “Mutare nigrum,” she tries and I feel a wave go through the snake. In the mirror I see the gold change into a solid black color. Now it corresponds with the Dark Mark on my forearm. “I think the Dark Lord will like it,” I tell her. She remains silent but nods. I watch her as she walks through her closet and picks out a dress for herself. She must have done this a hundred times, because she is way quicker than me. Her hair is pulled into a French twist and a few of her platinum blond pieces are framing her face. Her dress is made of emerald silk, fitted on the top and slowly flowing out. She combines it with a silver necklace with a diamond hanging from it, matching with the droplets in her ears. We pull on our shoes after she shows me which spells to use on them. They feel amazing, as if I am walking on my very worn out and favourite sneakers. With the extra height of the heels I am not dragging the full skirt on the floor, but only the small train it has. “Our guests are arriving,” Narcissa tells me and we are walking towards the grand staircase. Lucius, Severus and Draco are waiting in the foyer and they all look up when we are at the top of the stairs. I let Narcissa in front of me, but she grabs my arm and we walk down the stairs to the men, next to each other. The moment my eyes connect with Draco, my chest gets warm and I and a feeling of desire washes over me. He walks forward to take my hand. “You look gorgeous,” he compliments, his hand caressing my back going lower and lowers. His hand stops midway and he looks at my back, at the snake curving along my spine. “That is amazing, how did you do that?” “Your mother helped,” I smile. Severus is wearing the same outfit he wore to Yule ball, didn’t expect anything else. He walks over to us. “Hermione, you look so grown up,” he is speaking softly and Draco steps back. I’m in a bit of a shock as Severus kisses me on the cheek. “One thing is missing,” he whispers. He pulls out a velvet box and opens it for me. On top of the velvet lies a thin silver chain with a black crescent moon dangling from it and on the highest tip of the moon is a small star hanging from it. I gasp, while staring at the beautiful jewelry. “I love it!” He picks it up and walks behind me, the necklace is cold when it touches my skin. The moon rests on my chest and sparkling as the lights catch it. “It was your mother’s,” he whispers so only I can hear. I lay my hand on top of the pendant as I turn around and surprise him with a hug. “Thank you, I will always wear it,” I whisper back to him, choking slightly as tears threaten to spill over and ruin my make up. We break away and I notice that his usual mask of boredom is cracking, his eyes dull for a moment and I know he is compartmentalizing. I don’t blame him and follow his example, it is safer this way. Lucius joins us and kisses my cheek. “Hermione, you look exquisite. Didn’t expect another tattoo on you, but it suits you,” he compliments. Narcissa walks up, looping her arm through her husband’s. “It is not a tattoo, Draco gave her an heirloom and added charms to it so she can always wear it.” Her smile is bright. “He has one too,” I smile as Draco wraps an arm around my waist, pulling me close.
The top two buttons of his dress shirt are still open, with a loose bow tie hanging around his neck. He moves the fabric to the side and shows them the head of the silver snake that is resting on his collarbone. Narcissa’s eyes almost start to sparkle as she looks at us both, Lucius’ smirk is gone and replaced by a small smile. Draco starts to button his shirt and creates the bow tie, I help him straighten it. “You can open the doors, Tippy,” Narcissa tells the house elf. “Yes, Mistress,” she responds and opens the doors. “Draco, Hermione, stay with us to greet the guest,” she demands softly, with a polite smile. I don’t dare to say anything and remain next to Draco. “I’m getting a drink,” Severus excuses himself and walks away. The next half hour is spent greeting guests, Narcissa keeps formally introducing me as Draco’s girlfriend. People look me up and down, always resting on my left forearm, before greeting me. The bond is getting stronger the more of the pact members arrive. It is humming like before and I feel the remaining aches slowly leave my body, proving once more that the bond has the ability to heal.After all the guests have entered and are greeted we walk behind Narcissa and Lucius to the ballroom. It is filled with people and I quickly spot the Dark Lord and plastered to his side is Bellatrix. She is already glaring at me, while the Dark Lord keeps watching me as we walk towards him. “My Lord,” Lucius bows, and the whole room follows his example. After a minute the Dark Lord speaks. “Rise and let us celebrate. It has been a good year,” he starts off his speech. “This time next year, everything will be different. We will be in complete power and I will rule the wizarding world.” Everyone claps and agrees with him. “Harry Potter will be dead and I will rebuild this world. No wizard or witch will have to hide, the dirty muggles will become our slaves. We will strip the mudbloods from their power, returning it to those who are pure.” I ignore his comment on killing Harry, the others can feel my emotions so I must be careful. We clap again. He raises his glass. “Puritas est potentia.” Purity is power, how fitting. I repeat him while Bellatrix is glaring daggers at me and I step closer to Draco who looks down at me with a smile. After the little speech people break off in smaller groups, our friends making their way to us quickly. “How are you?” Daphne whispers. “Doing better, I’m so happy to see you all,” I respond after hugging her. “You look great,” Pansy nods towards my dress. “Love the tattoo on your back,” Blaise winks. “I knew you loved snakes.” I laugh. “I adore snakes, I have five favourite ones,” I wink at him. “Let’s dance,” Draco nods towards all the other people dancing. I spot Lucius and Narcissa gliding along, they are so fluid and you can almost literally see the magic between them spark. He pulls me along and we are followed by Pansy with Blaise and Daphne with Theo. Now I know that they had sex I can see it, they are very easy going with each other. We start a waltz and I am happy that I memorized the steps and just have to let Draco lead me. “Don’t flirt with him,” he tells me suddenly. I look in his direction, but he remains staring over my shoulder. I notice my body moving to the wrong side so I look back towards our hands. “I don’t flirt with him,” I respond. “You are and it is not the first time, he always wants to lay next to you.” “Are you jealous?” I ask, trying to keep a smile on my face for all the guests. “No.” The short answer only strengthens my suspicion. “You are, there is nothing to be jealous about. He is a friend and I love you and only you,” I whisper.He remains silent, leading us over the dance floor, the lights sparkling from my dress. The song dies away and while holding my hand he bows, kissing my hand. After he straightens I bow for him, showing my respect for him. We walk away from the dance floor, grabbing a flute of champagne. Draco’s face is a mask and it annoys me a bit, but I engage in a conversation with Pansy and Daphne. All conversations die around us and I look up. The Dark Lord is walking over to us. We bow before him, waiting for his que to straighten again. “Hermione,” he begins and holds out his arm. “Walk with me?” “Of course, my Lord,” I quickly look back at Draco before accepting the Dark Lord's arm. We walk silently to the gardens. It is a cold night and I shiver, the Dark Lord notices and waves a warming charm around us. I give him a small smile while thanking him. “You look exquisite,” he compliments. “It fits you.” “Thank you, my Lord,” I respond kindly. “How is your training going?” he asks, as we walk through the rose garden. “It is going well, I notice the growth in my magic. I will be ready for the ritual you want to perform,” I tell him. He nods and looks over the roses. “Did you look into the ritual?” “No, my Lord. I think Father looked into it, but I am not sure.” He steps away from me, looking at me. “The ritual is for me. I want to go back to my younger body, being able to do more.” The information is a shock, he is sharing something with only me. “I understand.” “It is a difficult spell and everything has to be perfect. In order to do that you need special ingredients. One of the ingredients is a bone from my fathers grave and I will give you another ingredient you will need. There is only one chance.” I nod, showing him I listen to him and don’t want to interrupt him. “I want to do the ritual at the beginning of the summer. The potion takes a month to brew and the moon is important. So be prepared.” “I will, my Lord. I will make you proud.” He looks me up and down and nods. A pressure starts to build at my temple and I know what he wants to do, I let him slip into my mind while keeping my face neutral. Within a second I have created a mirrorverse of what my mind would look like without compartmentalizing. The first memories he sees are of the dance with Draco and him being jealous of Blaise. The Dark Lord searches for more, I added recent and older memories to make it look like I'm just learning Occlumency. I have special memories that I use for this and I am happy that Severus taught me this, it is difficult to make it look real, but I have been tested enough times to feel very confident with it.
He sees the memory of our first transformation and I can feel the shock in him when he realises what that means. The moment he slips from my mind I let everything go back to normal, every memory in a room and a huge wall around my mind. “You are an Animagus,” he states, not hiding the fact that he was in my mind. “We are,” I agree and smirk. “That is very useful and we can use that in battle,” he offers his arm again. We walk back inside and a new waltz is just starting. “A dance?” he asks, nodding towards the dance floor. “It would be my honor,” I tell him and smile. He pulls me in the correct stance and takes the lead easily. Everyone watches us as we spin around the floor. A wave of irritation hits me and I already know who it is. Does Draco see him as competition, he is mad. Nobody joins the dance and we are the only ones on the floor. The song dies away and he stops in the middle of the room. He bows very low for me, looking up at me. I feel shock crash through me. Before I can follow his example he rises and walks away, leaving me in the middle. I walk back to my friends and grab another glass of champagne from a floating tray. Pansy takes the words out of my mouth when I join them. “Well, that was weird.” I take a sip and snort. “Tell me about it. He took me outside and went through my mind, he knows that we are Animagi.” “How did he react?” Theo asks, softly rubbing on the arm of his Dark Mark. “He was very surprised, but I think he is pleased with it.” The evening progresses quickly, the alcohol is flowing through my body, making me feel very relaxed. Draco remains silent throughout the night, but he does grab refills for our empty glasses. We shared a few dances, but the last wasn’t that grateful anymore. It was too fast for my feet to keep up, so he stopped early. “Come with me,” he whispers in my ear. I smile and follow him as he leads me through the hallways until we get to the library. He unlocks the door and pulls me inside. Even in this state I take extra deep breaths to inhale the scent of books and run my finger along their spines, loving the feel of it. He takes me deeper into the library, to a spot that is pooling in moonlight. His lips crash on mine as he pushes me against a bookcase. My hands glide into his hair, pulling on them, drawing a low growl from him, his hands are on my arse, squeezing me and pulling me against him. His hard cock is grinding against my hip, while his lips are moving away from my lips, over my cheek, behind my ear, along my neck and between my breasts. Each inch of skin that is exposed gets kissed, licked and sucked on. “Mine, mine, mine,” he repeats between each kiss. “Yours,” I moan as he sucks on my pulse point, where my neck meets my shoulder. After minutes, what feels like hours he finally starts to gather my dress around my hips. A very muted voice in the back of my mind wonders what Narcissa might think if she knew her son was going to fuck me while wearing this dress and against a bookshelf. She will be fine with it. I focus my mind back to the present, feeling his fingers caress my thigh. Every so slowly they move closer to my hot and wet core. I buck my hips forward, demanding more of him. I pull harder on his hair, trying to get him to act faster. He pulls away, out of my reach, before grabbing both my wrists in one of his hands and holding them above my head. His fingers are back at my dripping core, pulling my barely there thong out of his way. I spread my legs further, giving him more access and he uses it. He swipes through my folds and holds up two of his fingers, the moonlight is catching on the wetness of them. I watch as a drop of it starts to slide down, before he opens his mouth and sucks them clean. He hums as he pulls them out, this time he starts to circle my clit and I buck towards him. It is the combination of all the alcohol and waiting to come all day, I’m so ready. The orgasm is building fast and I grind harder against his hand. I’m so close and he hasn’t even entered a single finger in me, only using my clit. My toes start to curl, my hands turn to fists and my stomach is aching from all the muscles that are tightening. My breath hitches as I am on the edge, so so so close, just one more flick on my clit and I am lost, bursting in a million little pieces. “Yes,” I hiss. All the feelings disappear as he steps away from me, he even used a sticking spell on my wrists. He is smirking at me. “What the fuck, Draco?” I ask breathlessly, while trying to fight the restraint on my wrist. “Something wrong, darling?” he asks, his voice sweet but it doesn’t reach his eyes. “Why?” I ask, feeling frustrated beyond belief. “Use your words, Hermione.” “Why didn’t you let me finish, I need it,” I beg almost like a child. He nods, looking me up and down. “Beg.”
I open and close my mouth a few times. This is the first time he has done something like this and I don’t know if I like it, it feels cruel. I’m dripping wet, it is spreading on my thighs, slowly dripping down and I just need to come. It still feels like I am on the edge, but I have my back turned to it, doubting to fall or walk away. The need wins. “Please, Draco. I need you. I want you so bad, all day. I have been wet all the time, help me,” I beg, looking at him with pleading eyes. He walks forward and drops to his knees. Once again he slowly raises the dress, his tongue going higher and higher. He licks me clean and breathes in deeply, his nose buried between my folds. I feel a blush spreading across my cheeks and neck. “Please, please, please,” I moan. His tongue laps between my folds and sucks on my clit. “Draco!” I gasp. “I’m yours! Yours. Only yours. Fuck. Please, I’m so close,” I am breathing hard. I’m still stuck against the bookshelf, but the struggling is turning me on more. I love it when he uses this kind of magic on me. My vision is darkening with the building orgasm, will I really be seeing stars? Maybe even all the constellations. “So…fucking…ahhh…Draco…Please…Yes…” I moan, not able to create a sentence anymore. I’m not just going to fall off the cliff, no, I’m going to dive off of it. I crash down, as if he has thrown a literal bucket of cold water over me as he once again stops. “Draco!” I snarl, anger flaring up, replacing the desire. He can’t be serious, as I watch him wipe my juices off his face and wipe it on his trousers. It leaves streaks behind on the black fabric and I feel mortified. Without saying anything he turns around and walks away, leaving me behind, stuck on a bookshelf. I yell his name, but he ignores me. I scream as I pull against the restraints, I try every spell I know to release me, but nothing is working. My dress is still fully in place since the skirt fell back into place the moment Draco left me hanging. The longer I wait for him to return the more angry I get. After more than ten minutes I hear the library door open again. “Fuck you, Malfoy,” I scream. “How dare you fucking leave me here, you bastard.” I hear the sound of his shoes getting closer, but I am not done. “Do you fucking hear me, Draco Lucius Fucking Malfoy. When you free me I am going to hit you with the strongest hex I know,” my voice is high and tears are streaming down my cheeks. “You won’t be able to sit for a whole week.” He is only a few rows away, remaining silent, probably smirking. “Be prepared for blue balls, I won’t fuck you until you fucking beg,” I yell at him, making sure I sound as angry as possible so he knows I am not messing around. “YOU WILL BEG… Lucius,” I gasp as he rounds the corner, smirking. “I thought…” I begin, stuttering and flaming red in embarrassment. “I thought you were Draco.” He snorts, walking closer. “I’m guessing by all the screaming that he left you like this.” I turn my face away, not able to look at him, but nod. He touches his wand against my wrists and mutters a spell. The hold on me releases and I am free. “I’m so sorry about this,” I mumble and walk past him, unable to look at him. “Whatever you are going to do to him, he will deserve it,” Lucius tells me as I am walking away. I storm out of the library, I avoid the crowded places and make my way to his room. The moment I burst into the room I see him in bed, but I also feel a shield around him. His back is turned towards the door. “What was that, Draco?” I ask, trying to keep my voice on a normal level but I am seething. He ignores me and I walk closer. “Your fucking father found me,” I hiss. As I walk around the bed I see that his eyes are closed. I look around the room, his clothes are neatly folded on top of one of the chairs, but I notice a potion bottle on his bedside table. I walk over and sniff. “Fucking sleeping potion,” I mutter. I set it back and make my way over to the bathroom to get ready for bed. There is no use trying to wake him, it is clear that he doesn’t want to be disturbed. Why would he do this? I keep wondering what went wrong today, we had such a good start. I woke up before him, which is rare and wanted to make it membrebal. He didn’t complain while he came in my mouth and I had to swallow very quickly because his mother was knocking. Was he really that upset about Blaise, how can that be, it is Blaise and it is not the first time. He never said anything before and if I had known I would have said something to Blaise about it. Before going to bed I decide to take a shower, my legs are sticky with my own juices and I can even smell it all around me. While rinsing out my hair I notice the extra settings on the showerhead. Well, if he isn’t going to satisfy me, why won’t I do it myself? I turn it to the massage setting, lean against the wall and bring the water closer to my core. The setting is stronger and a more focussed jet of water, and the second it hits my overly sensitive clit I moan. I slide down against the wall, I pull up my legs and open them wide. It takes a moment before I find the perfect spot to hit, not too direct to be too overwhelming but just right, sending sparks of pleasure through my body. I kneed one of my breasts and let my hand go down my own body. Two fingers slip into my clenching core and it only takes a few pumps to send me over the edge. The orgasm is intense, everything shakes and the showerhead falls from my hand. My cunt is clenching hard around my own fingers as I let the climax finally tear through my body. I might be livid with Draco for leaving me like that, but waiting for the orgasm was kinky and when I finally came it was very intense. My muscles ache as I stand up again, rinsing myself a last time before stepping out. I dry my body and hair, while yawning as tiredness takes over. Draco has turned while I was in the bathroom, his back is once again facing me, but it is not worth getting angry about it right now. I climb in the ridiculously high bed and tuck myself in, wrapping the end of the cover underneath me. After a final yawn I fall asleep.  The room is bright as I open my eyes, but I am also greeted with an empty spot beside me. Draco is gone. I sit up and look around the room and listen if he is in the bathroom, but everything is silent. Within minutes I am ready for the day, wearing simple muggle clothes and my hair is pulled back. I walk downstairs and find him in the dining room, along with his parents, my father, the Dark Lord and even our friends. “Morning,” I greet everyone and walk over to my seat. Everyone mumbles a response except the Dark Lord and Draco. My anger is back in full force. Before sitting down, I bow to the Dark Lord, not forgetting my manners. He nods and I take my seat. My usual breakfast appears in front of me, but I am not hungry. I notice Theo watching me and touching the middle of his chest for a second. Shit, they are all feeling my anger. After a deep and calming breath I let the anger boil down to a simmering feeling. I pick at my food, really not in the mood for toast and egg. The coffee is a blessing and I down it in one go. Blaise is apparently oblivious about the tense vibe in the room, everyone is silent, but that doesn’t stop him from asking. “Since when do you have a tattoo, Hermione? Can you recommend an artist? I also want a tattoo in the future.” Everything happens quickly. Draco looks up and glares at Blaise, who just looks confused by the sudden spike of anger. “What!” I snap at Draco, as I slam my mug down on the table. Everyone's eyes snap to me, but I am not backing down. “He keeps flirting with you after I told him off,” he snarls. I shove my chair back, standing tall. “That was not fucking flirting!” Lucius sips his tea as he watches us, the amusement is clear in his eyes. “It was! Everyone is flirting with you and you are mine,” he growls, his eyes turning to the golden orange of his wolf. He is also standing, trying to stare me down in submission, but even my wolf is not having it today. I can feel her stirr inside of me, ready to jump out. My eyes shift, everyone can see the change, but my vision becomes clearer. “You can’t claim me like that,” I snap back. “I fucking told you that I am yours, but you seem to have such a thick head that it doesn’t go through it.” He snarls, slamming his hand down. I feel the anger rediate off of him, but I keep myself standing. Stupid, idiot Blaise. “You don’t have to fight over me, I can share,” he laughs and holds up his hands. Draco launches for him, clothes shredding to pieces and I follow him, but I launch for him. I feel every bone in my body break, twist and turn midair, but I point my nose down as I hit Draco in the side with my head before he reaches Blaise. Blaise should be happy that he has more empty chairs between him and Draco than I do. The white wolf falls on the ground on the end of the table, while I am on the edge of it. I growl, let the animal take control of me. Draco is also snarling, ears pointed back, he snaps his jaw. For a moment he looks away, towards Blaise, but I am not having it and I attack. I jump toward Draco, ready to headbutt him again, but he is fast and manages to bite me in my neck. His sharp teeth pierce my skin. I hear Narcissa gasp behind me as I bite Draco’s front leg, making him howl. He releases me but we both strike, trying to bite and scratch each other. All the frustration and anger starts to surface and it is even worse than our first shift. “No fighting in the house!” Narcissa calls out, my ears twitch in her direction. “Take it outside.” We ignore her, Draco manages to make me fall on my back. I kick my hind legs, trying to hit him where it hurts a lot. My nails are sharp and he yelps as I hit my goal. He jumps away, giving me room to jump back to my feet. I crouch, bare my teeth and pin my ears back, while slowly walking up to him. He gets hit with a hex on his side, snarling to his mother. She holds up her wand, ready to hit again. “Take. It. Outside,” she doesn’t even raise her voice, but the threat is very clear. Draco launches for my front paw, drawing blood, before running away. I lick at the wound, willing it to heal, before throwing an angry look at Blaise and following Draco. I can’t see him, but it is like I am following signs along a road. His scent is easy to track, and while finding my way out I can feel the others shift to their Animagus forms. The bond feels raw and their emotions of confusion and amusement wash over me. I ignore them and jump outside where I find Draco on the big grassfield. I sniff and find the peacocks between the roses, probably scared when a white wolf stormed out of the manor. Draco is waiting for me to get closer, his tail and ears low. We circle around each other, growling and showing a lot of teeth. He strikes first, but I am faster and avoid him, turning to bite him. We fall to the ground, roll, bite and scratch each other. I don’t know how long we keep it up, but my muscles ache and I’m feeling tired. We probably need to train both our bodies, human and animal, to endure more. I’m not done with being angry at Draco, what he did was an asshole move and he used sex as a punishment, without my consent and I don’t accept that. I expected him to have more respect and trust in me. He jumps to his hind legs and I follow, biting at each other's throats. His white fur is coated in red streaks, I can feel a few spots on myself. The fur is sticking together and tugging on my skin. I am too distracted to notice Draco preparing to strike me, his nails drag through the skin on my ribs. He uses such force that he throws me off, I roll over the ground, shifting back to my naked human form. “Fuck!” I scream, holding my hand over my ribs. I know it is deep, and bleeding before I hold up my hand to confirm. My hand is covered in dark red blood, dripping down my body. “Hermione!” Narcissa yells and comes running towards me. I keep an eye on Draco as he shifts back, he runs up to me. “I didn’t mean to!” he tries to explain. “Fuck off, Malfoy,” I hiss and stand up, catching glimps of the blood on my body. “Hermione, please, I didn’t mean to hit you that hard.”
While keeping pressure on the wound I turn away from him, facing a larger crowd than expected. The adult males are staring in my face or looking away from me. Our pact is also back in their human form and they look at me with concern. Narcissa pulls off her robe and wraps it around me, covering me up. “If you didn’t flirt back this wouldn’t have happened,” Draco mumbles, but my hearing is still very sharp from being a wolf. I turn around, clutching the robe around my body, but I pull at my magic, demanding just a little bit more from it. “This is not my fault, Malfoy,” I sneer. “You are being a jealous bitch.” He scoffs. “The only bitch here is you, Granger,” he smirks back. “Literally,” he adds. “Flipendo,” I hiss as I feel my wand still strapped to my thigh. Draco is knocked on his back, looking for his own wand, but it is not on him. I send a strong stinging hex on his balls. “Go fuck yourself,” I snarl before turning away and walking inside. “Bitch!” he screams over and over again. Narcissa and Severus follow me inside in silence. When I know that Draco can’t see me, I let down my guard and begin to assess my injuries. I am covered in blood, but the worst open wound is on my ribs, followed up by the bite on my shoulder and some scratches and punctures on my arms and legs. I stop at the staircase, I am already trembling from all the wasted energy and I am dreading the climb. “We have a room downstairs,” Narcissa offers, scensing my hesitation. I just nod and start to follow her. Severus holds my elbow, but remains silent and looks forward. She opens a door and we follow her inside, it is a hospital room. Cleary this is not the first injury to be sustained here and they are prepared. There is room to brew potions and multiple locked cupboards. The only thing that is very different from hospital rooms is the large, big and fluffy bed in the middle. Severus leads me over and I sit on the edge. He pulls my hand away from the wound and I notice I used the robe to try and stop the bleeding. The robe is pushed in the wound and sticking. He is very careful as he slowly removes it and tries to keep me covered. Narcissa unlocks the cupboards, while Severus looks all over me, looking for every scratch or puncture. In the meanwhile I get a potion pushed into my hand and without complaining or asking anything I drink it. It radiates out to the smaller injuries and they get hot while they are healing. “Lay down,” Severus demands. I follow it, telling him that I will ruin the white linen on the bed. He transfigures the robe in a blanket and covers me as much as possible while keeping the gash visible. “Vulnera Sanentur,” he repeats over and over again. The skin is pulling towards each other and it burns as both sides meet and knit together. “It might leave a scar,” he tells me as Narcissa adds multiple of Dittany. I grit my teeth as I push the air out through my nose. Severus stops the spell and looks at me. “What the fuck was that?”“Sorry,” I look at Narcissa. “Draco was being an arse and was being overly jealous of nothing. Creating problems where there were none.” “No,” Severus interrupts me before I can explain more. “That was childish and dangerous, and in front of the Dark Lord.” I recall seeing the Dark Lord watching me when I turned back, I don’t remember feeling a spike in magic, indicating that he wasn’t angry enough to punish right there and then. “We also showed power,” I shrug, but my body is refusing, quickly relaxing into the bed. “Still stupid,” he hisses. “Sev,” Narcissa nudges him. “They are children, every couple has their problems, I remember someone else who was very jealous at that age and did stupid things. Only difference is that they turn into two huge and beautiful wolves.” “She is injured again, she just recovered,” He shoots back. The potion, it must have had some sleeping draught in it. My body is growing heavy and I can’t keep my eyes open. “Do you even know what Draco did? Trust me, he deserves this, that is not how I raised him…” she tells Severus. “...Malfoys treat their women like queens… Lucius will speak with him…” “...They are so young… too young,” Severus replies. “Bond between them is strong… house elves see it…” The voices start to float, but I am not ready to fall asleep. “Arsehole…Malfoy,” I growl softly, more sleep drunk than threatening. Small fingers glide over my face, pushing my hair away. “Welcome to the family,” her laughter is light and soft. I sit up in the bed, it is light in the room, but it is not the room I share with Draco. The memories come crashing back as I look around the room. I find a set of clothes on one of the chairs and quickly pull them on. Is it still the same day? I open the door and glance outside. “You frustrate me,” Draco tells me, startling me as I didn’t notice him sitting on the ground next to the door.  “Why?” I ask, deciding to remain standing. “You are beautiful, strong and so intelligent. You are perfect and I can’t lose you,” he whispers, while staring straight ahead. I check the hallway again, it is empty, there are a lot of doors here, but a lot less paintings on the wall. Probably a place for guests to stay or maybe they are all designed for healing injuries. I slide down the wall to sit next to Draco, my anger is gone, the fighting helped. “I’m yours,” I tell him, grabbing his hand. He looks up and intertwines his fingers with mine. “Why do you flirt back? First Blaise and that annoyed me, but he and I are friends. I have known him since I was a baby. You accepted a dance from the Dark Lord, the way he watches you, I don’t like it,” he whispers so softly that I can only hear it with my enhanced wolf hearing. “You are not going to lose me,” I tell him. “The Dark Lord only wants power and currently I am showing him that, nothing more,” I add in a whisper. I am very disturbed by the idea that the Dark Lord looks at me for a different reason and I decide to ignore it. I take a moment to compartmentalize the conversation right away, putting it far away. “I love you, even if you are being a jealous arse, Malfoy,” I chuckle. “Say my name,” he replies, pulling me closer. “Malfoy.” “No.” I smirk, never thought he would like me saying his first name. “Draco,” I whisper. He pulls me towards his lips, his tongue demands entrance immediately and I give it. I want to be close to him again, to feel love and have his scent on my skin and mine on his. He pushes me to my back, finding his spot between my legs and letting me grind against his crotch. “You switch very easily from trying to kill each other to fucking,” Pansy snorts. “Get a room.” We look up at her, smiling, before returning to kissing each other. Draco pushes forward, hitting my clit through the rough fabric of my jeans. I pull my mouth free and a moan tumbles from my lips. “Seriously, get a room,” she snaps before walking away, but I don’t feel a bit of anger through the bond. Anger, his mom. “Your mom is going to talk to you,” I warn him. “She already did, I won’t be able to sit comfortably for quite a while,” he smirks. “Why?” I ask, too curious to know what she did. “She liked your stinging jinx, so she used it on me as I tried to dodge it. All while telling me that she didn’t raise me like that, that I should be a gentleman and to always put my girl first. Malfoy men treasure their partner,” he imitates her voice and I can imagine her saying those things and throwing jinxes. “Your girl?” I giggle, noticing the claim she laid on it. “Mine,” he growls and nips at my jaw. He removes himself from me and pulls me up, he opens the door and drags me inside. He leads me to the bed, while pulling off my clothing. We take our time, not using magic and admire the appearing skin. It is dark outside before we leave the room, we even missed dinner so we sit in the kitchen as the elves prepare even more food for us. It has been a while since we had such lazy and calming sex, just loving each other and exploring. He kissed the three lines along my ribs countless times while saying he was sorry. The scratch was not deep enough to scar all five of the nails. During the Christmas break we train with our Animagus forms, the goal is to be able to shift with our clothes on. The Dark Lord wants us to be even stronger so he can use the animals in battle. I decided to also train the shifting because I don’t want to be naked in a battle. The break was actually a lot of fun, the pact stayed at Malfoy Manor. During the day we would run across the huge lands and even forest on the property. My body aches all the time, but it is not too bad. We are all getting used to our bodies and how we can use them. Blaise is always bragging about being the fastest, but he loses his focus quickly and will fall often, nose on the ground, ass in the air before tumbling over. When we find a rare moment that the sun is shining bright, we look for a hidden place to relax in it. Rolling over the ground and napping, before returning to running and training. The evenings are spent relaxing and taking care of our bodies, with long showers and a lot of stretching. We use Narcissa’s drawing room to sprawl out over the couches and talk about everything and nothing, before we go to bed. Nobody is sleeping alone, Blaise and Pansy share a room and Theo and Daphne. The pact bond is very strong and they noticed they slept awful alone, so this was their solution. Draco made sure they moved in the two rooms on their side of his. Every evening we made slow love to each other, with a lot of kissing and touching. Blaise still flirts, but is mostly focussed on Pansy. I am happy for them, we can all use some distractions and fun. My wolf senses are getting stronger. I noticed it when we were having breakfast and Pansy and Blaise smelt like each other. At first I thought I was overwhelmed with scents in the dining room, because everyone smelt like their partner. Later that day when Narcissa passed me in a hallway and apparently I sniffed the air too obvious she looked back and asked what I smelt. So I told her, I could smell Lucius, as if she was wearing his robe, but I was just getting used to the wolf side of me, so nothing to worry about. That moment a door opened a few feet away, Lucius stepped outside and I was overwhelmed with the scent of sex. I turned on my heel and quickly walked away. Now I can pick up when someone had sex and with who. Draco figured it out without me, hiding his face beneath his pillow as he told me his experience, also catching his parents.By the end of the break I felt sad to pack my trunk to return to Hogwarts. Earlier years I couldn’t wait to return, but this was fun and I don’t want the fun to end.
  
    Chapter Text
    *TW: start of an addiction*We all used the Floo to get to the train station and ride with the Hogwarts Express, we tried to just use the Floo to get to Hogwarts, but Dumbledore denied our request. During the Christmas break we grew a lot closer and the pact bond is settling, it is more to the background and I don’t feel crazy anymore when they are not near. It took a lot of transforming and a lot of clothes but now we can shift and keep on our clothes. On our last night we had a Death Eater meeting and we were being told that we have to be more serious. Bellatrix complained to everyone that her Pureblood nephew should not be with a Halfblood, that it is bad to show such a relationship. The Dark Lord agreed and Draco and I are not allowed to be seen together as a couple. It was to be expected that Bellatrix would try and ruin things, but we have agreed to the terms. No one in public will see us together, but that doesn’t mean that we will break up. We will never break up, whatever anyone thinks or says about it.The Hogwarts Express is very busy and we pick a carrier for only us six, locking the door behind us. My muscles are still sore, but in a pleasant way. I’m learning to pull my wolf senses forward and push them back, that way I’m not always overwhelmed by smelling everything around me. “I don’t want to go to school,” Blaise complains, he is sitting between me and Pansy. Draco is sitting the furthest away from me, Theo in front of me and Daphne across from me. We already discussed that we would change our sitting arrangements at the table and in class. I bet that the Toad is ready to tell the Dark Lord all about us, hoping to gain his favor. With the new rule also comes the problem that I have to sleep alone, or at least in the girls' dorms. Pansy offered to sleep next to me if I feel safer that way. Daphne wouldn’t even mind creating one big bed for us three. They really are the best. I am happy to feel so accepted by them, they really are my friends.The train ride to Scotland is long, I try to read a book, but my eyes fall closed. I end up leaning against the cool window and napping for a while. When I wake up again everyone is asleep except Draco. “Hi,” I greet him softly. “I’m going to miss that,” he smiles, one of the rare cute smiles. Both corners of his mouth curling up a bit. “I will miss you next to me,” I tell him. “How will I sleep without you snoring next to me? When will we have sex? We had it each day of the break, how am I going to live without that tight little body of yours pressed against me,” he is smirking and adjusts his trousers. “Please, don’t do it right now,” Blaise complains, his eyes still closed. I nudge his arm. “You could have told us that you are awake and just so you know, I don’t snore,” I roll my eyes, annoyed. “You do and why would I want to miss Draco’s dirty talk?” he chuckles. “Just tell me if you want it and I tell you each night what I would do with Hermione,” Draco snorts, grinning at me. “You will not do any of that,” I tell him sternly. “I'd rather have you do it to me.” Draco’s jealousy is back to normal. I like it when he is possessive of me, but it shouldn’t be too much. We are all friends and I don’t want to ruin that by him not being able to take a joke. The conversation falls silent and I just look out of the window, watching the beautiful landscape go by. By the time we finally reach Hogwarts I am hungry and tired again. Pansy and Daphne walk beside me as we follow the boys up to the castle and to the Great Hall. We take our places at the table, getting used to the new sitting arrangement. I catch Severus’ gaze and nod, to my surprise he walks over. I’m sitting on the aisle side of the table and lean back to look up at him. “Hermione,” he greets. “Father,” I greet back, very aware of the listening ears around us. “Can you come to my chambers after dinner? I want to discuss something.” I agree and turn back to the table. Now we have to wait until Dumbledore finishes his back to school speech. He casts a Sonorus for everyone to clearly hear him. “Dark times are ahead,” he starts off, the great beginning of the new year. “If we stand together we can overcome these times. Even though you are sorted into different houses with different qualities tied to that house, that doesn’t mean that we don’t have Bravery, Loyalty, Intelligence or Ambition in us. Use all the traits to guide your way through these hard times.” “Well obviously I’m the perfectly balanced student of all,” Blaise whispers and puffs out his chest. “You are totally a Hufflepuff,” I snort softly. We all chuckle and that draws the attention to us. “They don’t belong here!” the Weasel decides to scream, standing on the bench and pointing in our way. I flip him off, while turning on my seat to face him. “Sit down, Weasel. Didn’t mommy teach you any manners?” I sneer. His face turns bright red. “Do you even know what you did to my father?” he yells. “No, if you have to ask that then you already agree that I didn’t witness anything,” I tell him calmly. “Just sit down and stop embarrassing yourself.” “You are the embarrassment. You should be ashamed of yourself, sitting at that table in that house. You and your Death Eater friends almost killed my father!” Ginny pulls him down, making him fall on his ass. Her eyes are burning when she looks at me, without saying anything, the message is clear, she thinks the same. Clearly something happened, but I don’t know what. I shrug and turn back, hoping the food will soon appear and I can eat. “Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber!” He ends his speech like normal and as if he wasn’t interrupted. “That old man still thinks he is funny,” Pansy complains while piling food on her plate. We all agree with her and follow her example. The food is delicious and of course everyone is eating a peach tart for dessert, while smirking at me. I can’t even deny that the tarts are delicious and I can only be proud to taste like this. We walk to the dungeons together, but I walk the short distance to Severus’ chambers alone. I let myself in and look through his books, while I’m waiting for him. He takes his time to return to his chambers, but I don’t mind the bit of peace and quiet. I want to have my own library later, filled with books like this, knowledge on all kinds of subjects and a good selection of books I like to read to relax. The door opens and he walks in. “Sorry for being late.”“Not a problem,” I tell him. “How are you?”“Annoyed,” he answers. “When are you not?” I mumble more to myself, but he hears me and slaps me with a book on the head. “Behave. You shouldn’t pull attention to yourself in the Great Hall, just ignore Mr. Weasley,” he lectures me and the worst part is that I know he is right. “What happened to Arthur?” I ask curiously. “He got attacked, that is all you need to know,” that tells me more than he is saying, Death Eaters and the Dark Lord were behind the attack and it is better to not know any details for my own safety. “Why did you want to see me?” “I made something for you,” he turns around and walks towards his bedchamber. I try to crush the curiosity to look inside and find out if it is all black, like I am expecting it to be. He walks back with a tray of bottles in his hands. “I developed sleep potions, specially made for you. They make sure that you don’t dream and have another nightmare like the beginning of Christmas break. It is different from a normal sleeping potion or draught, it will work for your problems.” He hands me a bottle and I uncork it, smelling the sweet scent rise up. “What is different?” “It won’t leave you with the tired feeling you can have with other potions. It is stronger than a sleeping potion and lighter than a Draught of the Living Dead.” I can smell the combined ingredients from both in this potion. “Thank you, I can tell you tomorrow how it is,” I smile at him. “If you are early to class we can discuss if there are things we need to change,” he offers. I take the phial with me, slipping it into the pocket of my robe. When I enter the common room I am greeted with a very loud group of first years, all showing off their gifts. I push through them, glaring, while I make my way towards the back. They left a spot on the couch and I drop between the girls. “Am I the only one who already wants to go to bed?” I complain. “Ugh, me too,” Pansy agrees. “Christmas was busy,” Daphne mumbles and holds out her hand to the fire. I follow her example, getting used to the cool temperature of the dungeons again. The moment I focus on the fire, admiring the wild flames I start to feel a tingling crawl up my arm. I enjoy the feeling, letting the warmth carry through my body, almost lulling me to sleep. “Hermione,” Draco’s voice is soft. “Go to bed.” I crack open an eye, watching him and deciding to agree with him. The girls follow me up to the dorm and I am greeted with my own trunk at the end of the bed in the middle. “Are you nervous?” Daphne asks, laying her hand on my arm. “Not really, Father gave me a potion. He made it for me and I’m curious to try it. It is just very different,” I smile at her. We all get ready for bed and I drink the potion. The first thing I notice is the pain leaving my body, the aches I always feel and the extra ache in my muscles. For the first time in over a year, my body doesn’t hurt. It is relaxing and I fall asleep easily. I don’t dream, I’m just floating in complete peace and quiet. When I wake up I notice how strong I feel, I’m well rested and for the first time in months I wake up before my alarm. That is more like myself. I get out of the bed, quickly getting dressed and applying a simple makeup look before leaving the dorm. I’m the first one awake and decide to take advantage of it, like I used to do. I head out, walking to the kitchen and grabbing a slice of toast, before heading to the library. Nobody is here and I walk through the rows of books, trying to find the perfect one to get a head start on my research for Potions and Transfiguration. My usual spot is empty and I enjoy the complete silence around me. The normal pain I experience in my body hasn’t returned in full force yet, I can start to feel the burning again, but it is not overwhelming. While reading and scribbling notes on parchment I am nibbling on my toast, just to fill me enough to focus before heading to grab real breakfast with the others. I have over an hour before I need to join the others, but that gives me a great advantage over my peers. I scribble all my findings over three scrolls of parchment and roll them up before tucking them in my bag. Severus taught me the shrinking charm and I can’t stop using it. I did some learning myself over the break and added multiple charms to my bag, like a feather light and extending charm. I almost skip towards the great hall. My normal pains and aches have returned to their normal level, but I did enjoy the time I had without it and used it very productively. The Great Hall is still mostly empty and the others are not yet at the table, but I sit down and grab a bowl of yogurt and berries to eat as breakfast. “Here you are!” Daphne explaims as she sits down, followed by the others. “How did you sleep?” Theo asks after receiving a hard nudge from Draco. “Great, the potion worked. I actually woke up early and went to the library.” “That is great! I’m so happy for you that it worked,” Daphne pets my arm and picks her own breakfast. We all discuss the coming day and how much homework we will have in the evening. I’m already halfway done, but that doesn’t matter, I can still help them and relax for a bit. It almost feels like a normal school year, where the focus is on achieving high grades and doing homework. During the day I almost forget that I have a Dark Mark on my arm. Days fly by and before I know it a month has gone by. We are still trying to catch the Gryffindors with the Inquisitorial Squad, but no luck yet, they are being very smart with getting out of the room. The only thing that is frustrating me more and more, is that Draco and I don’t have any private moments, or sex. Everytime we try to meet up somewhere, the Toad tries to catch us. She almost succeeded a few times, but one of us was just quick enough to hide. Her new idea was to take one of the Inquisitorial Squad members with her on her rounds, she often picks me or Draco. If we are not with her she gives us other tasks to do. Slowly she is gaining more and more power within the school, Dumbledore is rarely seen. It feels like he is just letting this all happen, but I know he is planning something. The potion is still working great, I took a few mornings to figure out what ingredients are combined in it and tried to recreate it. It took a few tries but I got it right, even made it stronger. Each week Severus gives me seven phials, but I started taking my own made potions during the day. I changed it slightly, this way it still numbs me, but doesn’t make me fall asleep. After an evening secretly drinking with the pact in the woods I noticed the amazing effects the alcohol had on me in combination with the potion. It was just like I was high, but without actually being high. My eyes didn’t turn red and I didn’t stink of smoke. My pain is gone and I feel like my old self, only with a Dark Mark. I see the point the Dark Lord is trying to make and he is right. It all makes sense, witches and wizards are greatly outnumbered by Muggles. When you have pure Firewhiskey it is at its strongest, but when you start to add ice or anything else it starts losing its strength. It still has alcohol, but it is growing weaker the more you add. Nobody wants a weak glass of Firewhiskey, that is not why it was created. It was created to be strong and have great effects on people. It is the same with witches and wizards, we should not be hiding in the shadows. We are better than muggles, we are stronger and literal magic is flowing through us. It makes us superior to them, so why are we the ones hiding? It doesn't make sense, we deserve better. I know I should slow down on the potions, but I just need to dull the pain, I need to feel normal. Each month I increase the strength of the potions and toss out the potions Severus makes for me, they are too weak and I can’t even fall asleep with them anymore.I make different potions to take throughout the day, making sure I still sleep enough and have enough energy in the morning to get up and start on my homework. I take breaks between classes to take more and a few sips of Firewhiskey I bring along with me in my bag. The others must notice something, but they don’t comment. I feel more alive than I ever did and I am loving it. This feels much more like myself. I have the time to work on school and relax with my friends, all while still sleeping full nights without nightmares. In the past few months I still didn’t have any privacy with Draco, but we keep trying. The Toad almost caught me while I was bending over on the platform of the Astronomy Tower. Draco was just in time to slip down a set of hidden stairs. I was leaning over the railing while sipping on my drink, which she took away from me, but she didn’t give me any detention. She made me walk back with her to the dorms and told me not to go out anymore. Draco came back later when it was safe, he gave me a quick kiss in a hidden corner of the Common Room before heading to his dorm. The other houses are acting out more and receiving even more detentions than before. With a new set of rules the Inquisitorial Squad can now hand out detentions and we are eager to use our new power. Every month we sneak outside to run through the woods and keep training our animal bodies to endure more and more. My body is starting to change, I notice muscles in my arms and legs I have never seen before. Also my belly is more toned. I like what I see in the mirror and the relationships with the pact are growing stronger. Pansy and Daphne are really great and rarely leave my side. We share the Firewhiskey in the bathroom between classes, just taking the edge of everything. I add my charms to their bags as well, they both start to bring their own flasks of alcohol and I share my potions with them. Even if they don’t have the constant burning of a Dark Mark, they still feel the pressure of the future of becoming marked. We are being watched all the time and we decide to share our secrets with the boys. It is stressful and this just takes the edge of. I start making so many potions, stealing the ingredients from Severus’ pantry and from the greenhouses on the ground. He isn’t even noticing that I am the one stealing from him and he is watching the Gryffindors like a hawk. Of course I did give him some hints that they must be making potions in the Room of Requirement, because if they can hide from us for that long they must use something. Tonight is the full moon of April. I felt this huge urge to spend it outside as a wolf. The others don’t even ask where I am going when I leave after dinner without explaining it to them. Maybe they think I have a hidden task from the Dark Lord like before, and they are smart enough to not question me. Frankly, the only task I have is to lead them and I do. We still learn Ancient magic and I do the research for which books are useful and read them all before I pass them on to them. We compare notes and help each other with new spells and potions. The moment I reach the Forbidden Forest I turn and start walking and exploring. I find a group of Thestrals, but they don’t even look up when I walk by. My long legs stretch out as I hop over a few fallen trees, I train myself by following a scent until I find the matching creature it belongs to. My mind wanders, letting the wolf take over and just enjoy the night under the moonlight. I run for a bit, testing my reflexes to avoid trees, branches and holes in the ground. When I notice the sky getting lighter and return to the front of the forest. With a big stretch I shift back to my human form. I grab the hidden bottle of Firewhiskey from beneath the tree, along with my bag. After spending half an hour sitting against the tree while drinking and downing another potion with an energy boost, I get up and make my way back to the castle. Maybe I drank too much, or didn’t eat enough. My vision is blurry and I feel really drunk, my legs wobble and I use the wall to hold up my body while walking. “Hermione?” two voices ask in unison. I turn around too quickly, and stumble. “That’s my name.” “Are you drunk?” one asks. I squint, trying to find the slight differences, but find none. “Maybe. Are you going to rat me out?” I chuckle, knowing that nothing will happen and I won’t have detention. “No,” the other says. “Are you okay?” “Peachy,” I snicker at the hidden joke about my lady parts. “What are you doing?” “Fred?” I ask, still trying to figure out who is who. He shakes his head and I follow his movement, making me sway even more, but I hold the wall. “George?” I try again. “Yes, you had a 50/50 chance,” he laughs. I shrug, still not seeing the differences. “Your fault for looking so much alike.” “That is something that happens with twins,” Fred laughs. “What are you doing here?” noticing that we are still in one of the hidden hallways, only known on the Marauder’s Map and my copies. “Are you giving us detention?” one of them asks, I already forgot who is which. “Nah, not today. Not in the mood.” “We like walking around here, just a bit of peace.” I snort and make my hand slip and I almost fully faceplant the wall. “Au,” I complain, glaring at the wall. “You two and peace? That is the biggest bullshit I have ever heard.” They just look at me. “Definitely drunk,” they conclude. A great idea pops into my mind and I just have to share it. Maybe it is the sexual frustration speaking, but I need to get rid of that women. “Ohh, ohhhhh, I know what you should do! Umbitch took away your fireworks right, but you can make more and make it huge. Make a statement of it, pull a Weasley prank and maybe in the process scare her away. Please,” I giggle. “I would pay so much to see that pink pygmy puff leave this school.” “Aren’t you friends with her, you are part of her squad,” they are looking at me with their heads cocked to the side, but I recognise the mischievous glint in their eyes. I snort, once again. “I only do what I am expected to do, enough about me. Please create a plan to get rid of her.” It takes them a while before they answer. “Your Slytherin side is really showing, but weirdly enough I do like it,” one of them smirks. “It isn’t all bad,” I tell them. “Some changes are good.” “Some?” they ask, but I don’t answer. We remain in silence for a bit longer and I don’t know if I should leave or wait them out. “You know George, I’ve always felt our futures lay outside the world of academic achievement.”“Fred, I’ve been thinking exactly the same thing.”They look at each other and smile. “Thank you, Mione, for sharing your drunken wisdom upon us.” “Drunken cunningness, you mean,” I chuckle and decide to leave them. “You just wait, you will know when things are going to happen!” they call out after me. “Good luck,” I sing back to them, drawing out the words. When I return to the dorm I still have a few hours left to sleep and take care of the coming hangover. Luckily enough I am smart enough to prepare for anything. I take a sobering potion before falling asleep and when I wake up I take a hangover cure, dulling the headache, followed by one of my regular potions.We only have a week left to prepare for our O.W.L.S and I can’t deal with a huge hangover right now. It takes a few minutes for the potions to start working. We spend our week bowing over our books and asking a lot of questions in class, to fill in missing information we haven’t figured out. The potions help us stay focused for a longer time, but we only drink them when nobody is watching us. The worst thing that could happen if people started spreading rumors that we are addicted to a potion, we don’t need that kind of attention. I totally forget the conversation I had with the twins until I am sitting in the Great Hall, quickly writing down answers to the questions. Everyone is looking up and to the back, with each passing second the sounds get louder. Umbridge is walking to the huge doors, her heels ticking on the floor in a fast rhythm, she is looking around nervously. Everyone watches her open the door and stands in the hallway. A small buzzing spark is flying in front of her, before zipping past her and multiplying in the Great Hall. It explodes in beautiful blue sparks, but knowing the twins, this is only the beginning. For a minute there is complete silence, until they appear. They are on their brooms and throw out their fireworks. With a nifty spell they throw up all our papers and I am glad that I didn’t write down too much. The fireworks start expanding and creating complete chaos in the room. People are hiding while others are admiring the colors. I watch and laugh as one of the fireworks follows Goyle around, before he hits it in the direction of Crabbe, who gets hit on the ass, probably leaving a nasty sting behind. Filch runs in the hall, stopping beside the Toad, both looking furious and completely lost. The twins throw their biggest piece of firework in the air. It starts out as a lot of explosions, but they are coming together, creating a huge dragon’s head. His eyes focus on Umbridge and she starts to run away from it. Everyone watches as she runs out of the Great Hall, followed by that dragon, ready to bite her. It snaps closed as she just enters the main hall. The whole dragon explodes and every piece that flies off hits one of her rules of the wall. It creates a huge and amazing mess. Umbridge is standing surrounded by burning paper, broken glass and all the wooden frames smashed to pieces. Her normally pink outfit is burned and looks more black than pink. The twins fly out of the school, students follow them, cheering loudly. The pact and older Slytherins are the only ones remaining in the Great Hall, but even we walk outside, not wanting to miss any more of the action. While the twins fly away they leave behind a sparkling W in the sky.
  
    Chapter Text
    I don’t know how much time I have spent on the hallway on the seventh floor, but it is useless. We know that they are in the Room of Requirement, and out of nowhere the room is empty and they are not even visible on the map. Over the last few weeks we tried every spell on the wall, but it did nothing. It didn’t create a door and didn’t get damaged. I give up for the day and walk to the Great Hall, I’m hungry and very annoyed. Just before stepping inside I empty another phial of my potion, giving me a boost for a couple of hours. The tables are already full of students and food. I join the pact, quickly making eye contact with Draco. His face is a mask. Being away from each other is hard and it starts to feel more and more like an actual breakup, and I am not ready for that. We just can’t give Umbitch any reason to mention us to the Dark Lord. He has been gaining a lot of power since Christmas. The ministry and newspapers are almost fully in his grasp, the Daily Prophet is slowly changing, reporting less on Death Eater activities while we know that it is only increasing. My goblet is filled with water, but I can use something stronger. With the inspiration from Seamus in the first year, I turn the water to rum. In a few swallows the burning liquid is gone and spreading through my system, hopefully numbing my pain further. I have hit a maximum with my potions, the only option I have is to drink more of them. The ingredients are not pure enough to create stronger pain relief. I taught the others how to brew the potion and we have two cauldrons bubbling away in our dorms, concealed under multiple spells to not draw any unwanted attention. I plate up a bit of food, but I'm not really hungry lately, a side effect from all the potions. After a few bites the owls start to fly in. Achilles catches my eye, the massive black bird dropping on my shoulder. He has a note in his beak and a small bag in his paws. “Good boy,” I tell him and scratch his head. I feed him a piece of my chicken and he coos. “You can have it,” I tell him and he jumps on the edge of the table, picking out all of the chicken on my plate. The note is short. “If you ever need a way to escape.”  I frown and open the little bag and I recognise the black power immediately. Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder.Fred and George probably joined the Order of the Phoenix and learned of my place, or they are smarter than I gave them credit for and they figured it out on their own. I tie up the little bag and drop it into my illegally expanded schoolbag. A few nights I spend some time learning how to change the bag into different styles without disrupting the content. I also added some extra items in it, like a long black cloak, extra set of clothes and even a survival kit. The others are very distracted at the table and I look up. Everyone in the Great Hall is watching Umbitch walking through the middle, followed by a group of people. Percy Weasley is dragging Harry and Cho with him, and I also recognise the Minister of Magic. The other people are probably Aurors or something like that. “Dumbledore’s Army, proof of what I have been telling you right from the beginning,” the Toad complains loud enough for everyone to hear, which is probably her goal. “All your fear mongering about You-Know-Who never fooled us for a minute. We saw your lies for what they were, a smokescreen for your bid to seize control of the ministry.” The Minister of Magic looks between Dumbledore and Umbridge. “Naturally,” Dumbledore responds, but remains seated behind the Professors table. “Professor! He had nothing to do with it! It was me,” Harry comes between them. The Minister is holding a paper and looking over it. “Most noble of you, Harry, to save me but it has been pointed out that the parchment clearly says, Dumbledore’s Army, not Potter’s. I instructed Harry to perform this organization, and I alone am responsible of it’s activities,” Dumbledore tells them calmly, while walking around the table and leaning against it, always keeping his face towards them. “Dispatch an owl to the Daily Prophet, if we hurry we should still make the morning edition. Auror Shacklebold, you will escort Dumbledore… to Azkaban… to await trial for conspiracy and sedition…” the Minister speaks up.Dumbledore holds up one finger. “Ah, I thought we might hit this little snag. You seem to be lingering under the illusion that I’m going to… what was the phrase… come quietly. Well I can tell you this. I have no intention of going to Azkaban.” Umbrigde is walking towards him, her fingers twitching, clearly ready to strike at him. She probably forgets that Albus Dumbledore is a great wizard and will out maneuver her in an instant. I don’t have to like him to know that he is powerful and dangerous. “Enough of this,” she hisses. “Take him!” The Aurors start to move by her command, but I am focussing on the distant cries I hear. Fawkes flies through the hall, everyone turns to look at him, but I look back to Dumbledore. He is planning something, and must have prepared for such an incident to happen. Just before Fawkes reaches him, Dumbledore looks at me, just a second and winks. I just know that he is going to escape and we can’t do anything about it. This is not going to bode well for us, especially Umbrdige. The Dark Lord will be furious that he is missing and could choose to strike at any moment. Dumbledore grabs Fawkes and they both burn up, disappearing. The force of the spell sends a shock wave through the hall. I can feel the hot magic burn over my skin, leaving it tintling. The deep voice of Auror Shacklebolt, who I recognise from the Daily Prophet, is the first to break the shocked silence. “You may not like him, Minister, but you can’t deny Dumbledore’s got style.” I can’t deny that, because that trick was awesome. People will be talking about that and that they witnessed it. Phoenixes bind themselves to a family, so the bond between them must be very strong, maybe that is why he was able to perform such a spell. In all the books I read I never saw something mentioned that could look like that. The Minister, Aurors and Umbridge leave the Great Hall and the second they are gone whispers break out. Pansy looks around, and I recognise the twinkle in her eyes. She is ready to discuss and speculate about what just happened and what the effects will be. She folds her arms in front of her and smirks. “Umbridge is dead.” We all chuckle softly, because it is probably true. It was her responsibility to take care of Dumbledore and now she lost him. People died for less by the hand of the Dark Lord. “What will happen now? Our Headmaster is gone, are we going to be sent home?” Daphne asks.“They won’t do that, someone will step in to take his position temporarily. Umbridge will probably do that,” Theo explains. “Ugh, fun,” Blaise rolls his eyes. “There goes using magic.” “As if we still need those lessons, I think we learned more in our free time,” I snort. “But I can always give some more books.” “I don’t need any more books,” he holds up his hands in mock surrender. “Can’t I cheetah myself out of the last month of school?” Pansy hits him on the arm. “Stop using my Animagus form to make jokes! You are a leopard.” We laugh at their banter, but if I could I would just shift and run away. I stroke Achilles’ back as he relaxes on my lap, I love having him near me. If I could go back in time and tell the nine year old version of myself that I will have my own owl I would probably scream. I have been obsessed with owls for as long as I can remember. A few times I noticed that he would follow me throughout the night when I was a wolf. We are both fully black, which is a great combination. Harry and Ron are nowhere to be seen, Cho is crying at the Ravenclaw table but no one is calming her down, they all ignore her and give her nasty glances. It is clear that she is the reason that the group got caught, but I expect that something must have happened for her to spill the secret. Was that piece of parchment a list with all the names or something like a contract? It is very stupid to write down anything that can incriminate you, unless it is bewitched with very dark magic.The following days the event is still being discussed, the Daily Prophet is filled with slander about Dumbledore and even Harry. It is very clear that more and more people start to distrust him and that is not a good sign for him. Ron has been defending him every second of the day, picking fights with everyone who looks wrong at them. It is great to play with them, we spend a lot of time whispering about the day or homework and then looking at them. Ron’s face gets red and he jumps up every few minutes to scream at us. Teachers are done with him disrupting their classes, but Severus is the best. “Mr. Weasley, if you don’t have the mental capacity to lower your voice, you don’t belong in this classroom.” Which created a big laughter with the Slytherins, making Ron fume and leave the classroom after kicking a desk and hurting himself. Harry followed him, glaring at us. It only made us laugh harder. After a week it finally started to return to normal. Umbridge did manage to snag the position of temporary Headmaster or Headmistress. Probably the only reason why she is still alive, the sooner she is out of the picture the better. She is still a liability to me, since she is bonded to me instead of the Dark Lord. It is the end of the day, we are sitting in another Potions class, when my mark starts to burn. I look at Theo, kicking him under the table to get his attention. With as much subtlety as I can I nod to my arm. He frowns, shaking his head. Draco also looks up, probably hearing Theo’s cough to hide my kick. Both are frowning. “Fa…Professor, can I leave? I feel sick,” the burning is taking over my whole arm and I need to get out. “You are dismissed,” a slight frown on his face, but remaining silent. I leave my stuff on the table and only grab my bag, running out of the classroom. Luckily the toilets are near. I pull my long robe out of the bag and put it on before casting the spell on my mark. I am pulled away and within a second I land in the foyer of Malfoy Manor. Lucius is already waiting for me. I straighten my clothes and we walk towards the dining room. There are a few Death Eaters already waiting, sitting in their assigned seats. Bellatrix glaring from her seat next to mine. I walk to the front, and crouch next to the Dark Lords chair. “I’m sorry about the delay, my Lord. I was in class and needed to be excused to not raise any suspicions.” “Rise,” he replies simply and I follow his order. I sit down and remain silent, waiting to hear the explanation for a meeting this early on the day. I don’t have to wait long before he starts. He waves his hand over the table and a set of folded clothing appears in front of me, on top of it is a simple black mask. It will fully cover my face, the mouth appears to be sewn shut, the only openings are for the eyes and two small holes to be able to breath. “You will need this tonight. You will be one of the Death Eaters to go to the Ministry of Magic. I will set up a trap, Potter will come to collect something. A Prophecy, and I need it. Bellatrix, Lucius and you will each lead a group of Death Eaters to the Ministry, grab the Prophecy and bring it back to me. Knowing Potter, he won’t be alone.” Fear ripples over me, but I quickly push it into an empty room in my mind, locking the door and building a wall in front of it. This is not the time to be distracted by that. I will be facing Harry even though he, hopefully, won’t recognise me underneath that mask. “Thank you for this great honor, my Lord,” I bow my head in his direction. “You better not screw up, halfblood,” Bellatrix hisses in my ear. “He will kill you if you do.” Her cackles bounce off the walls, creating an awful echo in the room. “I won’t,” I sneer. “Keep yourself to your own standard and we will be fine. I hope you have trained enough lately. It has been a while since you can move freely, better not get a cramp in a fight.” “You bitch,” she shouts, ready to bite my throat out. Once stare from the Dark Lord and she backs down. “You all have half an hour to prepare. Be back here and you will see which group you have to lead.” We are dismissed and I make my way towards Draco’s room with the clothes under my arm. It is weird to be here without him, but it is the only place I feel safe enough to undress and put on Death Eater robes for the first time. Let’s hope I won’t look like Bellatrix with a corset and dress. I set the mask to the side, not ready to see it on my face. I undress in front of the mirror and watch my body. It is clear that my body is still changing, my muscles are more visible, and I have lost the little bit of soft curves I had on my hips and stomach. My skin is pale and the mark is pitch black, pulling all the attention. I unfold the clothes and find a tight pair of black trousers. They almost look like leggings, but thicker and stronger. The top is made of black leather, probably dragon leather since it is known to be resistant to certain spells and often used for the clothes of Aurors. It tightens around my body, making it fit perfectly. The leather spreads out over my arms, making it feel like a second skin. It is easy to move in and doesn’t restrict anything. The last thing, besides the mask, is a cloak, it has short sleeves, pulled up on my shoulders. I can probably release them and have long sleeves. The hem of the robe nearly touches the ground. I fasten the cloak over my chest, it has straps that connect to the straps on the top. It creates a cross over my chest, starting on my shoulders, between my breast and wrapping around my ribs. The positive side of it is that it enhances the look of my breast, appearing bigger than they really are.  The last thing I need to add is the mask and it is the most intimidating item of them all. I don’t mind seeing myself dressed in black, covered from head to toe, but the mask will take away my identity and I will be a Death Eater just like all the others there. I pick up the mask and after a few deep breaths I close my eyes and lift it to my face. It settles on my face, following the structure to create a perfect fit. The magic swirls around me as it adheres to me. I open my eyes and they glow golden, my wolf notices the magic. Swirls start to spread out from the eyeholes, decorating the whole mask, the lines over the mouth are thin, fitting in with the design. It almost looks like the vines on my wand, but more abstract. The black mask turns a dark grey metal, the swirls a brighter silver. The golden drains away from my eyes as I push the wolf back, for a short moment I drop the glamor on my eyes. Bright green eyes stare back. Harry would rather die than see his own eyes peeking out from behind such a mask. I wave my wand over my face and place the glamor back. The eyes look almost completely black, creating deep endless depths. I take hold of the mask and it releases from my face, it is almost time and I return to the dining hall. The Dark Lord looks up and his lips curl up. “The outfit fits you,” he compliments. “Thank you, my Lord. It already feels like a second skin to mine and I will wear the mask with pride,” showing him the now decorated mask as a sign that I already tried it on. He simply nods and gestures to the chair next to him. I take my seat and he starts to explain that I have two Death Eaters next to me, we are to make sure none of them leave with the Prophecy and fight everyone who interferes with our mission. Like I suspected, the Ministry is already mostly underneath his power, with a lot of spies working for him. They will give us access to the room we need and help us get in without being spotted. The Dark Lord dismisses us all and we disapparate to an alley behind the ministry. We wait for one of the spies to let us in, we separate into three smaller groups. I creep along dark and small hallways, followed by two Death Eaters, one of them is Rudolphes LeStrange and the other is Dolohov. Rudolphes is Bellatrix’ husband, I don’t want to think about that. Anyone in a relationship with Bellatrix is mad and has a desire to die, even if it was a forced marriage. I pull my wolf forward, enhancing my sight and hearing while walking through the darkness. Someone is walking toward us, but is still a distant away. I hold out my arm, to keep the others from exposing us. With a small wave I lay an extra layer of protection over us and add a Disillusionment charm. Rudolphes is ready to complain as I notice his mouth opening, and I hit him with a silencing spell. The person is getting nearer and would probably hear us and I don’t want to kill anyone tonight, I’m not ready for that tonight. A man walks past us, completely ignorant of our presence until Dolohov speaks. “Hurry up, we don’t have all day.” The man turns around and looks inside of the dark hallway, I can’t take the risk of being discovered. I point my wand and hit him with a Stupify, the man slumps to the ground and I grab him, pulling him inside the hallway. Rudolphes and Dolohov both just stare at me and I glare back. “Are you too stupid to remain silent,” I hiss as I throw a Disillusionment over the unconcious man. “Do as I tell you and don’t you dare to disobey me again or you will regret it, I don’t care who you are.” I lead them through more hallways and down a lot of stairs until we reach a door that is ajar. With my wand out I open the door and step through it. We are in a room, filled with an uncountable amount of shelves, reaching as high as I can see. Each shelf is filled with glowing balls, it looks like they are filled with a swirling smoke as if it is alive. Row 97 place 128 is the place we need to find and stay close to. That is the row which will have the Prophecy. I sharpen my wolf senses, making my eyes glow, but I can easily see in the dark. We walk closer to the row and I hear multiple footsteps, some of them are calm and soft, while others are more hurried and further away. I sniff the air, trying to figure out who is with him and how many people we need to fight. Knowing Harry this can only lead to a fight. They are too far away to know who they are, but there are more people than I expected. We walk through the row, slowly getting closer. I don’t need to search for the Prophecy, it is like I am drawn to it. My whole left side is tingling and I feel the urge to walk up to it and grab it, as if the magic has a grip on me. I ignore it and stay focussed on my task, once more I strengthen the Disillusionment on us and add a charm to remove the sound of our footsteps. I don’t know what they have been doing inside the Room of Requirement, even if the chance is small they could be Animagi and hide it very well, but I doubt it. Their scent would give them away and it hasn’t changed. Harry is probably teaching them to defend themselves against Death Eaters. They are close and still oblivious to the presence of all the Death Eaters, if everything is going according to plan they are already surrounded. “Harry, this one has your name on it, H. Potter,” Neville whispers. Harry turns towards Neville and looks at the Prophecy. We get closer, ready to take it away from him and leave. Harry looks around, probably having a feeling that everything is going too smoothly. Still he grabs hold of the glowing orb, and I inch even closer. Before I can make a move Ginny calls his name. He walks back to the middle of the main path and raises his wand, staring in the darkness. I can already smell who is approaching and they are both not following the rules the Dark Lord set. We would each lead a team, not team up together to take on Harry. “Where is Sirius,” Harry asks, the masked Death Eater without fear. What does he mean, Sirius is not here? I need to know what information I am missing and luckily Father was right. Harry is awful at Occlumency, he doesn’t even have a wall around his mind, It is way too easy to slip inside and see the memories. Just before coming here he had a vision about Sirius being caught by the Dark Lord. They would both be here and Sirius got tortured. I pull back and focus on the events happening in front of me. The memory must be fake, planted by the Dark Lord, because he didn’t leave Malfoy Manor. How could he have done that, he didn’t see Harry, but it looks like Legilamancy? Harry did exactly what the Dark Lord expected, he came here to be the hero and save Sirius. "It’s time you learned the difference between life and dreams, Potter,” he wipes away his mask with his wand, sowing his identity. “You saw what the Dark Lord wanted you to see. Now give me the prophecy, or we start using wands.""Go on, then. Do anything to us and I will break it," Harry threatens.Bellatrix’ cackle echoes throughout the giant room. “He knows how to play. Itty bitty baby…Potter,” she coos. I hate the way she says his name, it sounds so much like Draco’s way of saying it. Neville steps closer while naming her. “Neville Longbottom, is it? How’s mum and dad?” she asks. I don’t know what happened with shy Neville, but that has clearly changed. “Better, now they are going to be avenged.” "Let’s everybody just calm down, shall we,” Lucius tries. “Just hand over the prophecy and no one needs to get hurt.""Yeah, right! I give you this — prophecy, is it? And you’ll just let us skip off home, will you?” Harry sneers. "Why did Voldemort need me to get this?"The use of that name sends a burning through my arm, but I grit my teeth and ignore it. Pointing my wand in the direction of the group, flanked by the two others who follow my example.“You dare speak his name,” Bellatrix hisses. “You filthy Half-blood!” her shouts echo once again. "It’s alright, he is just a curious lad, are you?” Lucius asks, but Harry remains silent. “Because the only people who are permitted to retrieve a prophecy from the Department of Mysteries, Potter, are those about whom it was made, as the Dark Lord discovered when he attempted to use others to steal it for him."Across from me the Death Eaters step into the light and I follow the example. I try to calm my beating heart, but I feel very exposed. The mask is stuck on my face and I can barely feel it. I feel like the moment I step into the light someone will see me and call out, “Hey that is Hermione, I knew it. Death Eater whore! Ron is right!” My wand is pointed towards Neville. Lucius continues as he comes closer. “Haven’t you always wondered what was the reason for the connection between you and the Dark Lord.” They really have a connection? How, is that why he needed to learn Occlumency? Does he know that and just gave up on learning it? Probably bringing himself and a lot of people in danger, the Dark Lord can use his mind against him. Just like he did tonight. “Why, he was unable to kill you, when you were just an infant. Don’t you want to know the secrets of your scar? All the answers are there, in your hand. All you have to do is give it to me. I can show you everything,” Lucius is standing right in front of Harry, within reach of the Prophecy. We step closer to the little group and I still feel drawn to the orb. I decide to step to the side of the aisle to get a bit closer. That one step makes the difference as I am close enough to the orb and it creates a link with me. I can hear the voice of Professor Trewlaney tell the Prophecy. "The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... created when he is born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will be marked as its equal, but it will have power the Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be created as the seventh month dies..." The words echo inside of my mind, and I need a few seconds to push the memory away and hide it. Now is not the time to think about what it means. “I have waited fourteen years,” Harry starts. “I guess I can wait a little longer. Now!” The five of them shout Stupify while they aim for us. I already expected such a spell from Harry and step aside at the last second. Behind me is Dolohov and he is thrown back, serves him right. I apparate in a cloud of smoke like I was taught, making it easier to move around and follow them, without the struggle of regaining footing and having to possibly need to apparate again. They run away and all the Death Eaters scatter. There goes the plan, fuck. Lucius still tries to get the Prophecy by making Harry hand it over, but he doesn’t see how stubborn Harry is. Clearly it will not work. I follow everyone, keeping close and ready to attack or defend. Dolohov hits Luna in her face, but she sends him flying and I can’t deny that I am not a little shocked. Sweet Luna just blasted him away from her. I hear Neville cast Petrificus Totalus on someone and it is effective. They must have learned to duel in the Room of Requirement, it is almost an exact copy of Harry’s fighting style. Always trying to be good and not hurt anyone. If he wants to survive a war he needs to step up his game. Mulciber lands behind Ron and I in front of Harry, this is our chance to get the Prophecy. I try to grab it, but Harry is quick to send a Stupify in my direction, I jump up and apperate again, disappearing in black smoke. Mulicber is still following them and I join him. Ron is sending spells to us, but they are easy to deflect. He is not focussed on where he is throwing them, just trying to send them out as quick as he can. As a diversion he starts to throw off other Prophecies, it is an unexpected move, but I create a shield around me. Mulciber gets hit on the head with one and loses his focus. The group run into each other and I am gaining fast on them. Lucius and Bellatrix are on my heels. Ginny turns around, facing us and sends out a Reducto. We all move out of the way, jumping between the stacks. The blast of Ginny’s spell makes the rows filled with Prophecies fall. Everything starts to collapse and we need to get out of this room before we are buried between the broken shards. I notice the door and I fly closer to it. Bellatrix pulls on my cloak, demanding to go through it first. Multiple Prophecies shatter on and around me. Anger whips through me and I blast open the door to walk through it, other Death Eaters follow me. We end up in a circular hall, there are doors everywhere. Where the fuck did they go and how do we get there. “Open them all,” I shout I open three doors before I can hear Harry’s voice. “The voices…can you tell what they are saying?” “There aren’t any voices, mate,” Ron responds. “Let's get out of here before the Death Eaters find us.” Too fucking late Weasel. “They are here,” I tell the others and jump in the black hole. Midway I apparate, pulling the smoke around me and flying down the long drop. “Get behind me,” Harry tells them and they all do what he says. They all raise their wands as we come down. We fly over and through the group to break them up again, using their weakness against them. I take hold of Luna, since she is the smallest and surprisingly she doesn’t resist much. My wand is at her throat and I remain silent, not daring to reveal my identity. Harry is left in the middle of the room, next to the huge archway which is filled with a kind of white smoke, making it ripple and move like it is a living thing. I hear the voices he talks about, they whisper, but I don’t know what they are saying. Lucius walks up to Harry and I take a moment to look around the room, everyone is caught and has a wand at their throats. Bellatrix is holding Neville, pulling on his hair. Lucius is using his cane to walk up the stone and towards Harry, in Malfoy Manor he doesn’t use it. Maybe it is because he is walking a lot today and needs extra support. Does he have an injury from the First Wizarding War? Luna isn’t even struggling, she is just standing in front of me. “Are you truly naive enough to think that children stood a chance against us?” Lucius sneers, walking past Harry, his cane tapping on the stone. “I’ll make this simple for you, Potter. Give me the Prophecy now or watch your friends die.” Harry looks around the room, but I know he will give it up, he will hand over the Prophecy to save his friends. I don’t know what changed Neville, but he is really showing his Gryffindor traits, because even if Bellatrix LeStange, the women who has tortured his parents so much that they lost their minds, has a wand on his throat, he still objects. “Don’t give it to them, Harry!” But Harry is still Harry and he slowly hands over the Prophecy. Lucius is reveling in the feeling of victory as he holds up the glowing orb, but turns as footsteps approach. “Get away from my Godson,” Sirius sneers and hits Lucius square on the jaw. I am too shocked to do anything about it as I watch him fall and the glass ball falls on the stone, shattering and the smoke dissolves. From that moment on everything happens quickly, I am hit with a blasting spell thrown back to the wall. Luna and the others are gone. White smoke is flying through the room and I know the rest of the Order of the Phoenix Aurors have arrived. Mad-Eye spots me and sends multiple curses in my direction, I can only apparate to avoid them and start to circle the room. Everywhere small fights are happening between the Death Eaters and the Order. I join Lucius in the middle, I need to be close to Sirius, I can’t let anything happen to him. Lucius hits the rock where they are hiding behind and I follow his example. They both emerge and Lucius sends a spell at Harry, which Sirius is fast enough to block. Harry may know the spells, but he isn’t trained like I am. I am faster and I know how a real duel goes. I focus on Harry and Lucius shifts to Sirius, I hate it but I don’t have another choice. It is them or me, if I hold back, the Dark Lord will punish me. I create a shield in front of us, but it disappears quickly after absorbing multiple spells, it only gives us enough time to take a breath and fire the next series of spells at them. My eyes meet with Sirius and I know he knows it is me, he quickly looks me up and down, recognizing the height. I throw up a shield, but he blasts right through it sending me flying backwards. I fall against a rock and breathing is difficult, my side is on fire and I think I broke a few ribs. I watch as Harry fires an Expelliarmus and snaps the extra wand Lucius had from his hand. “Nice one, James,” Sirius compliments him, probably too caught up in the fight to know which name he just used. It is sad to know that he and James Potter did this more often during the First Wizarding War and now he is standing beside Harry Potter, fighting for the same goal. The world is a fucked up place. It takes Harry by surprise and he starts to fall behind with his spells. I cough and bend forward, Bellatrix appears on the rock beside me and I know she is planning something. She is focussed on Sirius and gathering her power, I feel it rise within her. While Sirius is still fighting Lucius I make my mind into an arrow, I launch the physical arrow and break through his Occlumency. Imperius, I demand and feel him relax and I take control over his body. It is just like letting my wolf step in. I throw a spell at Lucius, getting him away from Sirius, I look through Sirius’ eyes and just have to imagine what I want to do and his body follows my commands. “Ava…” Bellatrix begins. I look at her, turn his body in her direction, raising the wand. “Expulso!” he shouts and the blue light leaves the tip of his wand. Bellatrix is closer than I thought to my own body and I know the curse will hit me, but anything is better than Bellatrix finishing that spell. The curse hits the rock between Bellatrix and me, the control I had over Sirius’ mind is gone and I am back in my own body as I am blasted away. Shards are raining down on me, the trousers are too thin and the sharp edge of a rock slices through the fabric and through my skin. The wound is deep and bleeding a lot. I don’t know if it worked, but the whole room is silent, I try to find out where I am, I’m laying between two huge rocks. They obscure my vision for the most part, which means that I am also difficult to see for other people. I create a strong shield around me and use a few basic healing spells on me, the first thing I need to do is to close the wound. It doesn’t matter if it is dirty for now, I can always reopen it later and clean it. It is ugly and not fully closed, so blood is still dripping out, but slower, but I am not bleeding to death so it is good enough. I have three broken ribs and my shoulder is out of the socket. While biting down on my lip as hard as I can and without overthinking, I pull on my shoulder, deciding to not use magic. I add a silencing charm on myself and it takes two hard pulls before I can feel it pop back in place, my screams are silent, but my tears burn behind the mask. The next step is to do the ribs and the moment they snap back together I can breathe more easily and I take deep steading breaths to calm myself back down. After a minute I wave the shield away and crawl out of my hiding place. My ears are still ringing from the explosion next to me, but I manage to straighten up and look around. The room is a disaster, everywhere is debri and blood, but I don’t see any bodies or people in the room. They must have apperated away. It takes a minute before I notice a door and stumble through it. Bellatrix's high pitched voice calls out to Harry: “Are you coming to get me?” I follow the voices towards the atrium of the Ministry. Bellatrix is running towards the fireplaces, but she falls as Harry hits her with a spell. “Crusio!” Harry yells, taking me by surprise. The red jet of light leaves the tip of his wand and hits her, but nothing happens. Even in that moment, when she nearly killed Sirius, he is not able to do it properly. How is that even possible, he must hate her and yet he can’t hurt her. She is on the ground, looking up at him while he points his wand at her. If I stood in his place, she would already be dead. I wouldn’t hesitate so long, he just can’t do it and she knows it. Slowly her scared look is turning into a smile. Harry twitches his head and I don’t know what is happening with him. I stumble closer, hiding behind a small wall, while I’m feeling out the situation. The Dark Lord appears and stands behind him. “Do it!” he encourages and I figure out that he was using Legilimency on Harry, whispering into his mind.  Harry hesitates for a moment before turning around and wanting to hit the Dark Lord with a spell, but he expects it and slaps Harry’s wand out of his hand. “So weak,” the Dark Lord taunts. I decide to walk up to them, show my support and the ability to help, I take a deep breath and walk to them. The top of my trousers is all ripped open, but I ignore it, I ignore the burning pain on my leg and push through it. Just when I take my place next to the Dark Lord, one of the fireplaces roars to life and Dumbledore steps out. “It was foolish of you to come here tonight, Tom. The Aurors are on their way,” he starts off, looking between the Dark Lord and me. I stop the urge to tell Dumbledore to not call him like that, but it will reveal my voice. Harry has no clue who I am, my hair is braided back and I am wearing the hood of the cloak, sticking the front down to make sure it would not come off during the fight. Dumbledore is not that stupid, he knows that it is me, but he doesn’t adress it. “By which time I will be gone, and you…shall be dead,” the Dark Lord tells him. They attack each other, and the force of the two spells hitting each other sends a shock wave through the atrium. Dumbledore pushes Harry out of the way, Bellatrix takes the opportunity to get out and disappears in a fireplace. I raise my wand, ready to attack when I get a good chance. The Dark Lord spell is stronger and inching closer to Dumbledore, thunder breaks away, destroying everything it hits. When Dumbledore adds more magic in the spell and gains back what he lost, the Dark Lord takes another tactic in the fight. He consumes the power of the spell and turns it into fiendfyre. A huge serpent rises from the flames, hissing and snapping, before it launches for Harry. Dumbledore takes over the control, which I didn’t know was possible. Fiendfyre should not be able to be controlled, let alone being taken over from another wizard. The snake dissolves in a wave of fire that is heading in our way. I throw up a shield around myself and the Dark Lord. The fire avoids us and in our small moment of safety the Dark Lord looks down at me. “Get out of here,” he whispers, before breaking my shield. Dumbledore is not done with showing off his power and control over the elements, which is also rare for a wizard to do. He gathers the water from the fountain in a wave, surrounding the Dark Lord and me. The water swirls around us, dragging us deeper. I try to use my wand, but I can’t move. We are completely encapsulated in the water and in my panic I open my mouth, the water is relentless and pushes into me. I start to choke, literally drowning while I am suspended into a water bubble in the air. He must know this and he is keeping the spell going, making it even stronger. I pull on my magic, feeling myself getting weaker by the second. I have done it before, I gather it all up, visualize my own ball of magic and push it out, make it explode from my body. My magic breaks through the spell, making us fall to the ground. The hit on the floor makes me puke up all the water and finally I am able to take a breath. I look up to see that the Dark Lord is already standing and throwing literal Dark magic to Dumbledore, but he has a way to block it. Once again the Dark Lord gathers up the power of both spells and sends it out of his body. All around us, every piece of glass shatters and starts falling down. He controls every shard and sends it in the direction of Harry and Dumbledore, but there is a shield in his way which turns the glass into power. I see my chance, I jump up and run towards a fireplace. My magic is drained, I am injured and not able to stand on both my legs. I stumble into the first fireplace I can reach, silently demanding my destination and being sucked away. The moment I am back, I stumble forward and puke up more water. “What happened?” Lucius asks, pulling me to my feet, but I cry out. I wipe my mouth and look down at my leg, there are small shards of glass sticking out and the wound is even bigger than before. He loops his arm around my knees and carries me to one of the hospital rooms. “He told me to get out,” I explain as pain shoots through my body as he lays me down. “Let me help you,” he tells me as I keep pulling away. “I can help.” Before I can warn him that I am going to be sick again, I am overwhelmed with even more water as I sit up and puke it up between my legs. Dumbledore was literally drowning me and he knew it. Lucius scorifies the bed, before waving to open the door as Narcissa walks in. Her hands are filled with potions and bandages. She places them on the table and walks to the other side of the bed. Immediately she grabs hold of my hand, and wipes my face with a cloth. “You will be okay, we will take care of you. You are safe.” I lay back, giving them my consent to help. Lucius rips open my pant leg, when he pulls away I notice that his hands are covered in my blood. Narcissa checks my body, while casting multiple spells to show my vitals above me. “Leg, ribs, shoulder and a lot of bruises,” she summarizes. “Can you explain what happened?” Lucius asks, his voice is gentle as he is cleaning my leg. A cough wrecks through my body and everything hurts. “Pain,” I moan. He hands Narcissa a potion who holds up my head and tips it in. I wait for it to start working. “I was hit with a spell Sirius threw, I broke a few ribs and my shoulder was dislocated. I haven’t trained in healing yet, so I just did the basics I know. Also tried closing the wound, but it kept bleeding. Everyone was gone so I followed the voices. Bellatrix left as soon as she could. Dumbledore came and tried drowning us. The Dark Lord told me to leave, so I did. But before I could, all the glass shattered and I got hit.” I am exhausted and shut my eyes. I know I am weak and vulnerable right now, I just need to hold a little bit longer before falling asleep. I take my time to think over everything that has happened tonight, all things that can incriminate me to the Dark Lord must be hidden. The first memory to hide is the Prophecy, he can't know that I heard it. They can only be heard by people who witnessed it or who are meant by the Prophecy. I hide it along with the memory of breaking through Sirius’ mental walls and using the Imperius curse on him. “Is she asleep?” Narcissa whispers to Lucius. “No,” I tell them through gritted teeth as the shards of glass are being pulled out. “How? I gave you a strong potion,” she asks. I just half shrug, noticing that my shoulder still hurts a lot. She doesn’t say anything as she brings another potion and I drink it, barely tasting it. The ones I make are stronger, but I don’t need one that is so strong. I start to feel more of the effects and let it carry me away. I dream of the events of the night, they keep repeating themselves, looking over special moments over and over again. The pressure I can feel inside my head tells me enough, I am not alone, someone is trying to figure things out. It is a good thing that I took the time to hide everything. Other memories flash by too, from school, the forest and a lot of intimate memories with Darco and not a lot of clothes. All memories that are easy to find and ones that I didn’t try to hide.When I wake up I don’t know how long I have been asleep. It feels like I am hungover, my head hurts, I am thirsty and my whole body aches. “How do you feel?” Severus asks. I pull open my eyes and search for him. He is standing on the end of the bed, looking away. “I’m okay,” I lie, as I recognise the feelings of withdrawal.  He turns towards me, he is looking very angry. “Don’t lie to me!” “I’m fine,” I reassure him again, but I know he is not buying it. “Feeling like you are going to withdraw? Do you want a potion?” he sneers as he pulls out my school bag and turns it upside down. Every potion bottle I had with me spill out on the foot end of the bed. “You should be smarter than this! Fuck, Hermione! I gave you this potion to help you. Well not this potion, a much weaker variant of it. I am so disappointed in you, I never thought you capable of this.” I open my mouth to object, but my mind is blank. “It is not only you, is it?” he asks. I close my eyes and shake my head, I feel shame wash over me. “Are you addicted?” his voice softens. I nod, not able to look at him. “The others?”I nod again. “I taught them how to brew it.” “Oh, Hermione,” he sighs and he sits on the edge of the bed. “I am so sorry.” I look at him, my eyes filled with tears. “It is my fault,” I cry. “I…just…I just had so much pain,” I explain. “It took the pain away and I could feel like my old self again. I woke up early, had so much energy for the day, did extra studying, did my homework and prepared for the next. All besides the things I had to do,” I explain quickly. He looks at me and I wipe away my tears, struggling to meet his eyes. “Why didn’t you come to me for help? You never ask for help, not with your nightmares or with pain. The only thing you asked was for information and books. I could have helped you.” “I don’t know,” I tell him honestly. We remain silent for a few minutes and I keep wiping away my tears. “We will take the summer to ourselves, you won’t stay here. I don’t care if you want to or not, you will stay at Spinner’s End and each day we come here and leave for home. I’m going to help you,” he sounds determined. “Thank you,” I whisper. “Are you going to tell the other parents?” “Of course.” I nod. We fall silent again, but he doesn’t leave me for over an hour. Just before he leaves he turns back. “Tonight there is a meeting. Be prepared.” “I’m going to get punished, right?” I ask, already knowing the answer. “Yes, the others got punished yesterday. Lucius is arrested and in Azkaban.” “How?” I ask. He doesn’t respond and leaves the room. I dress myself in jeans and a shirt, I don’t dare to walk around the house, so I sit in a chair next to the window. The sun is shining and I am looking out over the roses. My body still aches, but I can ignore it. The urge to find a potion is huge and I can’t sit still, my foot keeps tapping the floor and my fingers twitch. Instead of focusing on the outside world I decide to turn inwards, focus on my memories and organize them. I look for every weak point and reinforce them. It takes hours to feel calm again. A glance at the clock tells me that dinner is almost over and the meeting will start within half an hour. The room has a shower and I clean myself. I decide to dress completely in black, my trousers are form fitting, the short sleeved shirt has a v-neck and I pin my hair back. I am early when I walk towards the dining room, but I think it is better to do this than be late. My face is a mask, I prepared as much as I could, I pulled my emotions back hoping that it will dull the pain from the torture I surely will receive. There are a few Death Eaters in the room and the Dark Lord is sitting in his usual spot. Everyone is looking at me as I walk forward, I keep my eyes pointed down as I kneel beside his chair. I wait with telling him I am sorry to disappoint him and that I will do my best to be better in the future. “You can sit,” he tells me. He doesn’t sound angry and I quickly rise and take my seat. “Thank you, my Lord.” The room is slowly filling and people take their places or gather against the wall. It is a lot busier than other nights, this will not be a meeting for only the higher ranks. I look up as Draco enters the room, he is dressed in a black suit and black undershirt, pulling even more attention to his pale complexion and hair. He is beautiful, but sad, his eyes are cold and he doesn’t look at me. He takes the seat of his father and Theo sits directly next to him, followed by Blaise. On my side of the table, in the back I see Pansy and Daphne sitting. “I wanted to welcome new people to our higher ranks, but there is something that takes more priority. The last mission failed and everyone got punished as they deserved, but one is still waiting for it. I gave her the time to recover enough, but she will not avoid this, because she was a leader. Hermione, get on the table.” The silence is intense as I stand up and use the chair to step on the table. I take two steps to the middle and sink to my knees and face the Dark Lord, but I refuse to bow my head. “Hermione Snape, you were selected as a leader on the last mission, the Battle at the Ministry. While I saw in your memories that you did try your best and you were the last one to leave the location, I also saw opportunities to do more. You are part of the cause, that means, if one of you fails, you all fail. You must be punished.” “I accept my punishment and part of the last mission, my Lord,” my voice is strong and confident. “Draco Malfoy…” he starts. “You will carry out the punishment.” I can’t keep my eyes from moving over to him. His face is still a mask as he stands up and joins me on the table. Bellatrix is sitting on his left, next to Severus. Clearly a new spot for her, but she will enjoy my punishment. “I have decided to use a different punishment. You will not receive the Crucio, but you will accept twenty slashes.” I have no idea what the slashes are going to be, but I will find out soon. “Thank you, my Lord.” Draco takes his place behind me and suddenly cool air hits my chest. I look down and notice that my shirt and bra are gone. The first reaction is to cover my breast, as people are watching me. Severus is using Occlumency, I can almost see the walls behind his eyes and I don’t blame him. A shadow is cast over the table and I can see Draco lift his arm and pull it down. My scream is stuck in my throat, it is as if a blade slices me open from the top of my right shoulder, all over my back before it stops at my left hip. “Count,” the Dark Lord demands. I look up at him. “One,” I gritt out. The second slash is the other way, starting at my left shoulder and ending at my right hip. “Two.” “I’m only doing this because I care,” the Dark Lord tells me, looking me in the eyes as Draco does the third slash, back on my right shoulder. “Three,” I whimper. “I want you to succeed,” he continues as another slash is added to my back. “Four,” I ground out. “That is why I push you, I know you can do this,” the Dark Lord is sitting back in his chair. He doesn’t care that people hear him, or that he is looking down at my hands covering my breast and back to my face. “I give you a great responsibility and you let me down,” he lays his hands on the arm rests, completely relaxed as if we are sitting across from each other and drinking tea. “Five,” tears burn in my eyes, but I don’t want them to fall. The next five are quick, my back is on fire, but I know I am not bleeding, I would feel it drip down. “Punio,” Draco casts and the pain follows. I bend over more, and hold in my sobs. I will not break, I will not cry, I will not give them the satisfaction. After a couple of deep breaths I straighten myself and get ready for the next slashes. “You will be stronger after this,” the Dark Lord continues. “Twelve,” I bite out. “This will remind you to not fail me.” I arch as Draco hits me with three slashes without a break. “Fifteen,” I groan. My whole body is sweating, and I want to lean forward, but I don’t want to remove my hands from my breast. Every movement hurts. This might even be worse than the torture curse, that is done after a few minutes. Now he takes his time. The next four are fast again, making the pain worse, because the initial pain is still burning like fiendfyre and it only adds to it. “Twenty,” I choke on the word as relief flows through me, but I know that it is not my emotion. I follow the emotion and he is standing right behind me, Draco is relieved that he is done. “You will achieve greatness. Together we will take it all,” the Dark Lord ends and motions for me to rise. I struggle to stand up, without using my hands, my knees and legs are stiff from sitting on the hard tabletop. After a few deep breaths I manage to stand up. “You are dismissed,” he tells me. “Thank you, my Lord,” I respond and use my chair to take smaller steps to get off the chair. Without stopping I leave the room, my head raised high without putting on a shirt. I walk back to the hospital room, keeping the tears inside. In the meantime a house elf cleaned the room and made the bed. I pay no attention and let myself fall face forward on the bed, as the tears spill over and I cry. I’m not only crying because of the pain, but also for the girl I used to be compared to now. Everything is so confusing, I want to hate who I am now, but I don't. I like the power, the magic and I do enjoy the responsibility. But I am always in some sort of pain, every day and the moment I had some relief from that I got addicted to the potion that was made to help me. I dragged my friends into the addiction, what friend does that. I was so innocent when I came to Hogwarts, fully focused on learning and devoted to creating a career at the Ministry. I have learned so much more magic now, that can’t be a bad thing. The Headmaster of the school tried to drown me and that only happened because I was strong enough to break through it. I saved myself. I am doing the right thing, I am learning to use my magic to its full potential, that is a good thing. The tears keep leaking from my eyes as my back keeps burning. I pull my wolf forward, increasing my hearing and I will know when someone is coming. My eyes feel raw, just like the rest of my body and the pillow is wet beneath my face when I hear someone coming. It only takes a few sniffs to figure out that it is Pansy. She opens the door and without saying anything she sits down on the edge of the bed. “I have some cream for you,” she tells me. “I can handle this, Pansy,” I respond, without turning my head in her direction and keep staring to the darkness beyond the window. “There aren’t any cuts on your skin, but there are welts.” “I know, I can feel it,” I snap as I can feel her emotions wash over me. I know something is up and it is bothering her. “I need to tell you something,” she opens the jar and the smell of aloe and chamomile fills the air. “I want you to hear it from me.” I remain silent and grit my teeth as she begins on my left shoulder, she tries to use as little pressure as possible as she spreads out the cream. “Draco proposed.”
  
    Chapter Text
    With just two words she created a pain that overrides everything that hurts on my body. I don’t feel the pain radiating from my back as I move, smothering my face in my pillow and screaming. It is so much worse, it is a soul crushing, mind shattering feeling. It rips through my body as all kinds of memories flash by. I can’t breathe. I can’t. After a few minutes to gather myself, bite through the pain slashing through my body as I crawl off the bed. It takes over half an hour to be able to sit and pull up my jeans. I transfigure a towel into a very loose blouse and slip it on. My skin is on fire and it gets worse on the spots the soft material touches it. I bite through it, knowing that I need to leave. My trunk is at the end of the bed, probably sent over from Hogwarts when I didn’t return. I can’t bring it with me, but I find my school bag inside. With a small charm I change it to a small round and beaded bag, so I can easily carry it. I open the door and look both ways before stepping out, it is empty and dark. After another deep breath I walk towards the foyer. “Accio Floo Powder,” I demand and hold out my trembling hand as every movement creates excruciating pain. “What are you doing,” Narcissa asks and I whip around, with the jar of Floo Powder in my hand. “Leaving,” I tell her, glad that I dried my tears and applied a cooling charm on my face before stepping out of that room. She frowns and looks at me, her head cocked slightly to the side. Draco might look like this father, but his behavior is just like her. “You know,” she states.“It is fine. I’m leaving,” I feel my throat closing up and really need to get away from this place. Instead of using my words, I decide to turn around, throw in the powder and set the jar on top of the fireplace. “Hermione, please, we didn’t have a choice. You must know that, we want you as his…” before she can finish her sentence I interrupt. “NO!” my lip is trembling as I face her. “Don’t lie to me,” I tell her before turning my back towards her and stepping in the fire as I call out. “Spinner’s End.” The flames lick on my legs as they turn to green and suck me away. During the seconds it takes to transport me, my throat starts closing up and I feel the panic, pain, anger and sorrow thunder through my body. I fall out of the fireplace, letting my knees hit the wooden floor. The need to scream is overwhelming me, the need to let go of my control, the overwhelming urge to tear everything down and make it look like how I feel on the inside, but nothing comes out. I just sit there in silence, clutching my stomach, bending over, with my mouth open and tears streaming down my face. “Hermione!” Severus let’s out, sitting in front of me and slowly lifting my face. “What is wrong?” “I…he…,” I cry harder, choking on my words, his face is blurred by the tears. “I…I…” I try again as the frustration is growing that I am such a mess. Something is rattling in the room and soon more similar sounds start. “Accio,” he calls out. “I’m going to help, don’t worry.” He tips my head back and gives me a potion. I recognise it right away, it is the one I made. The warmth spreads quickly, dulling the pain on my back and heart ache. He lays his hand on my shoulder and we are pulled away, black smoke surrounding us.Even before we hit the ground I can smell the earth and trees. I let my hands claw at the ground, I want to transform, to let the wolf take over and run, hunt or do anything to keep my mind from the truth. “They are engaged,” I bite out, finally able to draw more air inside.Severus remains silent and sits beside me. “Draco and Pansy…” I grid out through my teeth. “She told me when she was applying cream to my back, after I endured that torture. Draco slashed my back twenty times…twenty fucking times.” I scoff. “As if I wasn’t hurting enough, she just told me and shortly after left.” I shake my head in disbelief. “I know it was not her choice…I know…I’m not a Pureblood, but…still…she is my friend!” Severus pulls me against him and wraps his arms around my body, I ignore the pain he causes and focus on the comfort he is giving me. “I love him,” I cry, my whole body shakes as I hiccup. “I did everything… for him… for us…, but I will never be enough. There will always be someone better than me,” finally the scream that has been stuck in my throat, since Narcissa tried to explain what happened, unlodges and I scream until my throat is raw. I can taste the blood and tears. Severus cradles me even closer, his chin on my head, rubbing his hand on my arm. “I can’t handle this,” I tell him after a few minutes as the hiccups lessen. “You can,” he starts off. “You are Hermione, strong, independent, stubborn and the smartest witch I know. You can do anything.” “How?” I ask, trembling, barely holding it together. “By redirecting your feelings. Take a few hours to cry and get it out, after those hours you will focus and shift your emotion to determination. Find a goal, a purpose and commit to it. Lock away the bad feelings, in a hidden room in your mind, ignore them, forget about them.” He lets me go and I look up at him. It is clear that he has done the same thing in a moment of his life, his eyes are cold and dull. He is building up more walls to keep his bad feeling away. I nod and I know that it is the right thing to do. Get it out and move on, there is nothing I can do to stop it. “Thank you,” I tell him, before creating more distance between us. He is still on his knees as he watches me. I keep eye contact as I call out my wolf. In my mind I see her walking towards me, just past Severus, the darkest and deepest black fur matching with his hair, her head low, ears pinned back and eyes burning orange. She reaches me and I feel her take over. The first thing to shift are my eyes. Severus keeps watching me. I accept the pain that comes with shifting with my injured back. The shift is quick, the wolf takes over and immediately the heartache lessens, the need to be one with nature takes over. I look over at Severus, he hasn’t seen me as a wolf very often. During the Christmas break we often stayed in the woods. I stand up and walk over to him, he smells like family, different from the pact, but very trusted. He watches me as I rub my head against him. “What? You want to be petted like a dog?” he asks, but his lips turn up in a small smile. I huff after his playful insult and straighten to my full height, it is clear that I am larger than normal wolves, making it easy to spot that I am magical. The animals in the forest know the differences, they can smell and feel it radiating from me. Most are not afraid of me, but always keep their distance. Severus smells like me and it is safe to leave him, no one will dare to bother him. Before walking away I stretch, ass and tail in the air as I claw at the ground. I stretch my hind legs and jump away. Getting used to my wolf again before taking off and I run through the woods. I run after a few rabbits, not really trying to catch them, but enjoying the chase. Adrenaline is rushing through me as I have to avoid trees or rocks, sometimes being able to jump over them, feeling the power from my legs. I’m panting when I find my way to Severus, I track my own scent back to the place I changed. The run worked great, I still know that Draco is engaged and I still feel the heartache, but I am accepting this. I know what I want to focus on this summer and Severus can help me, if he is willing. He is leaning against a tree, his clothing clean again. I jump towards him, landing on two human feet and straightening once again. Once again he is larger than me, and I shiver at the loss of all the fur and just standing in the transfigured blouse and jeans. “Thank you,” I tell him. “I needed this.” “I would do anything for you,” he nods and holds out his arm. I take it and feel the pull behind my navel as he apparates us back to Spinner’s End. Without saying anything he leaves the room and walks towards the kitchen, preparing tea. I walk to my room and notice my trunk at the end of the bed, there is a letter on top of it and I recognise the handwriting in an instance. He has a very distinct H, I toss the letter in the bedside table drawer without reading it. I grab a pair of leggings and a Slytherin sweater and change my outfit. When I return I am surprised to see that even Severus changed. He is still dressed in all black, but he is wearing loose fitting trousers and a long sleeved shirt. He looks up and just nods towards my tea. I smile and pick it up before walking over to the bookcase and start scanning the titles, noticing he brought books from his Hogwarts chamber. “Could you teach me some things over the summer?” I ask, without facing him. “What do you want to learn?” he asks. “I want to learn more about brewing potions and healing wounds.” “You are already excellent in brewing potions,” he notes. I turn back to him, wringing my hands together. “I want to become a Potions Master, just like you. There will be war and I will be going on missions. I want to know how to treat wounds and survive.” He looks up at me, setting his tea back on the small table beside his chair. “You expect to get wounded or find yourself in a situation where you need to survive on your own?” His question surprises me. I did expect a lecture on potions abuse, which I totally deserve. “Of course, I can’t be prepared enough.” “Why do you think that will happen?” he questions. “Because I was already sent out on a mission and got hurt. The war will be worse, I don’t know what the Dark Lord has planned but this is only the beginning. I want to survive.” He nods, letting go of the subject, while he looks at me. “I will train you to become a Potions Master. I will teach you how to forage for the right ingredients, reverse potions and create your own. You are already very advanced, but you will follow my rules.” “Thank you, Father,” I smile at him and squash the urge to hug him, so I turn around to the bookcase and search for a book. Of course I pick a book about potions, I can't be prepared enough. We sit in silence as we both read our books and drink multiple cups of tea, taking turns to make more tea. The days open and close, we spend seven days working on learning as much as I can. Luckily I am the smartest witch he knows and I absorb information like a sponge. He teaches me what to take with me, how to find ingredients, check for their quality and store them. I watch him brew multiple potions at the same time, while I take notes. He gave me a few of his own potion books, on every page are notes and changes to existing recipes. I love getting private lessons, he is much more patient as he answers every question I have.After days of watching him, he lets me take control. We decide on three potions I need to brew from scratch, I need to find the best ingredients and prepare it to perfection. He doesn’t interrupt once as he watches me gather the ingredients, using my wolf senses to sniff out the best ones, apparating him along with me. After preparing every ingredient like he taught me, the brewing starts. He gives me a basic recipe, but I need to enhance the quality of the potion. I follow all the tips and tricks he gave me to strengthen the potions. This is the first time I am brewing multiple different potions at once, but I keep everything organized and create three nearly perfect potions. He gives his feedback, like how I can express more juice from roots or plants, but he is impressed. Pride pulses through me. On our seventh night he watches me figure out what potion he made. I took samples of the potion and am adding ingredients to watch the reaction. Each time the potion reacts to an added ingredient it limits the original ingredients, making it easier to figure out what the potion is. This is something that is not taught at Hogwarts until your last year, and when it is discussed it is very limited.My arm starts burning and I look up at Severus. He is already putting stasis spells on the cauldrons and samples. We both touch our marks and say the spell to transport us to the Dark Lord. I land in the foyer of Malfoy Manor and I quickly check myself. My hair is pulled back in a braid, I am wearing a form fitting black short sleeved shirt with a deep v-neck and a pair of form fitting black jeans, with heeled ankle boots. The lessons Pansy and Daphne gave me about clothing is working. I am always prepared to look presentable in the presence of the Dark Lord. Severus appears next to me and together we walk to the dining room. We are one of the first to arrive and pay our respects to the Dark Lord, taking our seats. I ignore the Malfoys, just staring at Severus. “How are you feeling?” the Dark Lord interrupts my staring. “I’m good, my Lord. I hope you feel the same?” I ask. “Yes, have you started the potion?” he asks. Luckily we did, along with learning to forage, we gathered the ingredients for the ritual the Dark Lord wants to do.“We did, my Lord. Started it a few days ago and everything is going like it should. In a few weeks I will be ready to perform the ritual.” He nods and I return to look at Severus, who nods slightly. Slowly the room is filling up, but I ignore it all. Being here again is already overwhelming and I notice that the pact is also in the room, their emotions try to reach me, but I learned to build a mental wall. Their emotions don’t overwhelm me anymore, but I can feel their closeness, the desire to lower the wall and connect with them. I know this is for my own good, the pain is still too raw and combining that with fighting the urge to reach for potions and drown out my emotions would be too much. I lack sleep, but I don’t care, I need to beat the potion addiction and I am very determined to do so. The constant pain reminds me to reach my goals and focus on that. Learning is always a good distraction and something I enjoy. I will always have to do double the amount of work a Pureblood needs to do, but I am capable of that and will show my worth. “Today is a good day,” the Dark Lord announces and I pull away from my thoughts, focussing on the here and now. “We will be adding three more younglings to the ranks, if they are worthy enough.” I totally forgot that it was going to happen. They all sent letters to me over the week, but I ignored every one of them, adding them to the one Draco sent along with my trunk. He sent me a letter every day. I look around the table and find them. Blaise and Pansy are sitting straight faced, while Daphne is clearly nervous. Her hands are in her lap and I notice that she is wringing them. The Dark Lord stands and walks out of the room, Father and I follow him, followed by the rest of the room. The ranks are always important and kept in mind, even when walking behind the Dark Lord. Father and I are taking our places on each side of him, Draco and Narcissa on Father’s side and Bellatrix takes her place next to me. I can feel the magic radiate from her body, she doesn’t even try to control it. Theodore Nott Senior joins my side, Theo following his father but as he walks behind me I can feel his hand touch mine. Almost a year ago it was our turn to be added to the ranks. I was so nervous and scared, I had him and Draco beside me to feel stronger. A friend wouldn’t ignore their friends in need of support. Every night I trained my mental walls and learning more about the bond, reading bonds and meditating to figure out how I can use it. If I want to find them anywhere in the world, I just have to follow the thread in the bond towards them. I lower the wall, keeping Pansy and Draco blocked, Blaise looks up at me and gives a small smile. After a deep breath I try to push my emotions towards them. I think of nights doing homework and sitting in front of the fire in the Common Room. The normal and carefree moments that made me feel like just a normal student, make me calm and feel normal. I know I just need time to accept Draco and Pansy again, but right now their emotions will be too much and I can’t break down in front of everyone. I notice the emotions of Blaise and Daphne calm down, but I keep pushing it towards them. “Pansy Parkinson, step forward,” the Dark Lord starts off. “You all have to duel with one of the marked Death Eaters in order to prove your worth and earn the mark.” She nods, standing in the middle of the circle with her head high. I look around to see her father, he is an angry man and I don’t want to know what he will do if she fails. “Seeing the recent engagement to Draco Malfoy, he won’t be your opponent. I think Hermione Snape will be a worthy opponent.”Bellatrix has the nerve to interject. “But my Lord, I can do it. I am better, I want to.” Annoyance ripples through me as she once again tries to steal my spot, I am careful that the emotions don’t flow through the bond. I look at her. “Always so eager to please, Bella,” I tell her sweetly. “But our Dark Lord chose me and I will do it,” showing my displeasure with her interruption. She tries again, but the Dark Lord holds up his hand, silencing her. I step forward and pull my wand from the hollister around my thigh. I added spells to recognise my magic and only release the wand if I touch it. Pansy is already standing in her dueling stance and I follow her. After a deep breath I let the warmth drain from my face, I expected this. Using me against her, hoping to create an amazing show to watch and make one of us lose control, maybe even break up a friendship or the whole group as people will take sides. You just never know what the ulterior motive is. She needs to earn her mark, but I can’t show weakness and just let her win. Draco didn’t win to earn his mark. She strikes quickly, aiming for my feet to throw me off balance, but I am light on my feet and very fast. I jump out of the way, using my hand to wave a shield in front of me and use my wand to send a stinging spell at her hand. Her shields blocks it, but that was my intention. I let her think that I will try and hit her directly and when she doesn’t expect it I will send an indirect spell. Slowly I am pulling more power to myself, while still sending simple but strong spells in her direction. She starts smirking as she thinks that she is winning against me, but it is all a game. I am late with using shields and jumping to avoid spells. I notice the sweat on her temple and know it is time to really strike. As I inhale I let my magic be visible, the blueish tentrals curve around the circle and wrap around her. She is shocked as she notices the hidden game, she knows that the next spell will make me win. Everyone outside of the circle will be safe, but everything that is inside will be hit. I have multiple choices I can make, send out a stinging hex or even something more dangerous. I use the Impirius, and there is nothing she can do to fight it. “Drop it,” I smirk. Her wand clatters to the ground. “Kneel and beg,” my voice is cold, but I hope she understands that this is the best thing to do. She would not have won from me, I knew it from the beginning and instead of hurting her I decided to make her submissive. “Please, my Lord. Accept my plea to be added to the ranks. To show you my worth overtime and help you in the fight against the dirty bloods, to make the wizarding world pure again.” I look over my shoulder at the Dark Lord, he smiles as he claps his hands. “I expected more fire from you Hermione.” It only takes a second to pull my magic away from Pansy and set the circle around us on fire. “Sometimes the hidden game is the most lethal,” I smile at him. “Pansy Parkinson, rise. You have shown your worth to try and persist.” She bows deeply as she stands and returns to her place next to her father, who is scowling. I’m not having it and send a very hard and painful stinging hex on his ribs. “Be proud of your daughter being accepted in the ranks,” I sneer. “Don’t show the Dark Lord any disrespect by looking like that.” It is an easy explanation, but I hope that she understands that I do it for her, in the hope to not ruin a friendship. He doubles over as the pain is spreading, but he looks up, glaring at me. “How dare you, filthy…” The Dark Lord sends a spell at him, sending him through the air and hitting the wall. “She is right, show respect,” he hisses. Pansy looks relieved as her father is put in his place. Let’s hope that one day she will forgive me for using the Impirius on her and winning this duel, for locking her out of my bond with her and ignoring her letters. I look down for a second to her hand, a big diamond is sitting on her ring finger. Things won’t change for a while, but I nod towards her. Mr. Parkinson leaves the room and doesn’t return for the rest of the evening. Blaise needs to take on Theo, they are really close the whole duel. Their styles are very similar and strong. Blaise will also receive his mark. Draco is clearly trying to show his own worth now his father is in Azkaban. He beats Daphne, but it takes long enough for her to be seen as worthy and will also receive the mark. During the duels I am standing next to the Dark Lord and he rests his hand on the small of my back. I haven’t figured out why he is doing this, it isn’t the first time he looks out for me. He could have given me the Cruciatus curse as punishement, but didn’t do anything that was focussed on mental torture. I notice that Doloris Umbridge is not with us, and I am curious about what happened over a week ago. I didn’t have a chance to ask anyone about it. Maybe I should follow the bond between us and find out. The Dark Lords start with performing the spell for the mark on Pansy. She is sitting down and Draco rests a hand on her shoulder to give her some comfort. I can’t look at them together and focus on Blaise. He is looking nervous and I send him my calmness, he immediately looks up again. I never asked him how he got pulled into this, I know his father is dead and his mother remarries a lot, but nobody is standing next to him. The smell of burned skin enters my nose quickly and I push down all the memories that try to break through my mental walls. I don’t want to remember the night I got marked, everyone's wand against my skin, filling me with pain and Dark magic. Draco helps her get out of the chair and holds her against him as Blaise steps forward and I follow him, surprising even myself. Blaise sits down and I take my place next to him, nodding at the Dark Lord. He doesn’t object and Blaise offers his arm. The spell starts and he stiffens. I try something new, instead of pushing my emotions to him, I pull his emotions toward myself. Taking a small part of the pain away, I am careful to not pull too hard to make sure no one can see what I am doing. I know that even the slightest bit of relief can mean the world of difference. It makes my own mark burn, but I ignore it. Blaise is sweating and grinding his teeth to keep from making a noise. The mark appears on his dark skin and I feel his shoulders slump as the Dark Lord pulls away and he sees the mark on his skin. I lead Blaise to my spot in the circle, not caring that he is leaning on me or that I show my support. “Thank you,” he whispers in my ear. I remain silent, but squeeze him closer to me. We watch as Daphne receives her mark, tears streaming down her face, but she doesn’t make a sound. Her father is standing behind her, not even touching her and I feel for her. Theo’s emotions consist of anger and the feeling of being powerless. I send the three of them my emotion, hoping to lessen the pain. The mark forms quickly on her arm, and she is trembling as she stands. Her father is already back at his spot in the circle, not even helping her. Theo steps forward and helps her, also taking her to his spot, while glaring at her father. “Younglings, you get two days to gather yourselves and resume your daily training here. You are all in the ranks and I expect more of you,” the Dark Lord tells us and we all respond with thanking him. Everyone is dismissed and Theo and Daphne walk over to us. “How are you?” I ask them, keeping my voice low enough for only us to hear. “Tired,” Blaise responds. “Okay,” Theo responds and pulls Daphne closer to him as she doesn’t respond. “Do you still have rooms here?” I ask. “Mine is closest,” Theo leads us to his room. Draco and Pansy are already gone and I am glad for it. I know we are a pact, but it was hard enough to only see a few glances of them. Daphne and Blaise sit down on the bed, it is similar to the bedroom I used here in the beginning, before I used Draco’s room or the hospital room. “Really want one of your potions now,” Blaise chuckles. “I think we can all agree I really fucked up with that,” I rub my forhead, feeling ashamed. Blaise grabs my hand. “You didn’t. You are great with potions and you tried to help. We are here for you too, you know,” he squeezes me softly. Theo also grabs my hand and I feel tears threatening to fill my eyes. I can’t keep crying, it shows weakness and can be used against me.“I’m fine,” I tell them. “I’m fine, it’s fine,” the tears are pooling in my eyes and I am gone the moment Daphne takes a hold of Theo and Blaise, creating a circle and our bond responds. The tears start to fall. “Let us help you, Hermione. You are our friend, we love you and you can talk to us,” Daphne’s voice is soft.“Even talk about them,” Theo adds. I don’t respond for a few minutes, silently demanding the tears to stop. “It is just difficult, but it was to be expected. I just need to move on.” We stay in our little circle for a moment longer, healing each other with our bond magic. I need to lock these emotions away and focus on the things that are really important. The Dark Lord wants us to go back to normal training, probably dueling, spells and Animagus training. That gives me a lot less time to learn about potions, but I won’t be staying here, I can’t. Severus and I work on learning as many skills as I can over the following weeks. I am tired from training during the day and in the evening working together with Severus. It keeps my thoughts away from pain relieving potions, so that is good, but still difficult. Every night he gives me a small amount of light potion to keep the nightmares under control, but it doesn’t relieve any pain. I have been avoiding and ignoring Pansy and Draco as much as I can. I don’t let it interfere with training, but I keep it professional. We are focussing on dueling and using different techniques to find out what fits us. The goal is to become a group and work together, luckily we are already a pact. It is a hot summer and I’m very hot when we turn into our Animagus forms, so I try to stay hidden in the shadows as much as I can. I notice that my hair is shedding a lot more than usual, I think it is a wolf thing. My stamina is going up and we can run longer, we also train in tracking scents. We only have three weeks left until we need to go back to school. I have a feeling that this year is going to be different, now we are all marked, the whole wizarding world knows that the Dark Lord is really back and the whispers about war are getting louder. “Hermione, a word,” the Dark Lord approaches me as I am stretching on the grass, watching Blaise and Theo duel. I stand up quickly, and follow him. Once again he walks towards the rose garden, just like during the Christmas Ball. This time I am wearing my training outfit, simple black leggings and a black top, while my hair is braided back. It is late in the afternoon so my hair is a bit messier after dueling with the others for hours. “The ritual is within a few days and I need to retrieve the last part, I want you to come along with me.” “Of course, my Lord. I am always available for you,” I bow my head in respect. “Let’s go now,” he holds out his arm and I take it. Just before I am pulled away, I lock eyes with Draco, he is frowning. We land in a graveyard, the trees are dead and the stones sticking out of the ground are crooked. The fact that the sun is setting doesn’t help the scary feeling this place gives. One grave stands out, it has a sculpture of the Grim Reaper on top of it. I walk closer and find the name, Riddle. This is the place, the graveyard Harry ended up after the Triwizard Tournament, where Cedric got killed. It was said in the Order meeting we had after the incident, they told me that the cup was a portkey and that they started a ritual after Harry touched it, along with Cedric. It was a ritual, led by Peter Pettigrew, for the Dark Lord to get stronger and be able to touch Harry. In the first year Harry used his touch to defeat him, and that couldn’t happen again. The ritual was set in motion and also try to kill Harry, giving even more power to the Dark Lord. The Dark Lord walks towards an old shack and I follow him, curious as to why we are here. He takes his time to remove all the spells protecting the shack and stepping inside. Once again I follow him, it is a mess, weeds and vines growing everywhere. The whole house is a mess, as somebody tried to burn and break everything inside of it. I watch as the Dark Lord crouches and lifts a floorboard and grabs something that was hiding beneath it. “This was the house of the Gaunt family,” he tells me. “I used this place to protect something that is very special to me and will be part of the ritual. Before coming here I had a conversation with your father and told him the last steps to finish the potion. He will explain it to you. Don’t see this as a threat, but see it as a reminder. He has accepted that you will perform the ritual and created a vow for it. It is important that you do the ritual otherwise he will suffer the consequences from your decision.” I frown, thinking why it is so important that I perform this ritual and what will happen to my father if I don’t. “I can’t think of any reason why I would not perform the ritual, my Lord. I am loyal to you.” He nods and leaves the shack, the sun is setting fast and I am eager to get away from here. “I brought you here, because you need to do one thing before we can leave, for now. We will hold the ritual here, but in order to do that we need to mark the spot and leave it untouched for days and only return when the full moon is at its highest point.”“How do we mark the spot?” I ask warily. “By blood,” he responds and pulls a long slender knife from his robe. “We each create a circle with our blood and within that circle we will perform the ritual.” We walk to a clearing in the grass and he pulls the knife through his closed fist. The droplets of blood fall on the ground and he walks a circle, before handing the knife to me and I follow his steps. The circle is not large, enough room for us to stand and walk two steps to each side, but that is it. I heal our cuts with a simple healing spell that I learned and perfected over the last few weeks. My skin knits back together as if nothing happened. Without leaving the circle the Dark Lord holds out his arm and apparete us back to Malfoy Manor. “You are dismissed and take the next few days to prepare for the ritual.” “Thank you, my Lord.” He walks away without saying anything and I wait for him to be out of sight before moving. I have a feeling that I am missing so much information about the ritual and I have no idea how I will figure it out within a few days. The garden is empty, the others are staying in at Malfoy Manor over the summer, so they must be inside. I take a moment to ground myself again and look at the pure white roses, they are almost shimmering in the sunlight. I don’t want to see Draco and Pansy, so I walk straight to the foyer. “Hermione?” Narcissa’s soft voice makes me turn before I can use the Floo. “How are you?” “I’m fine. How are you?” I ask back trying to be polite, but already struggling. “I’m good,” but I can almost smell the lie. She had dark circles under her eyes but she tried to camouflage them. “I’m going home, the Dark Lord dismissed me for the coming days,” I tell her, just to fill the silence. “Oh,” she touches her necklace. I wait for her to continue, but she remains silent as she watches me. I hear two pairs of feet walking down the stairs, the laugh of Pansy confirms my suspicion. As quick as I can I grab some Floo Powder and want to tos it in the fireplace. “You don’t have to leave, this is a home for you too,” Narcissa interrupts. I want her words to be true, but it is not. She might be my godmother, but this is not a place where I can live or feel at home. “I’m sorry, but it is not,” I tell her and toss in the Floo Powder and leave just as I see Draco and Pansy round the corner. I hate the feeling of getting sucked up, but anything is better than seeing them together. After the night where Blaise, Pansy and Daphne were marked I asked Severus to help me and lock the feelings away. We spend hours working inside my mind, to create a place to hide unwanted feelings and strengthen everything else. It is not perfect, I still feel the pain.I step out of the Floo just like every other night, but he is not in the living room. I follow his scent and the sounds that lead to his bedroom. Even though the door is closed I can easily hear his pacing, something he never does. “Are you alright?” I ask and knock softly, the door is not fully closed and opens. I peek around it and he looks up. His eyes are wide, face even paler than usual. “What is wrong?” I ask, immediately on edge.  “I need to get you out. It’s time,” he tells me and walks over to me, grabbing my shoulders. “We made a mistake, I made a mistake. You are never going to forgive me. The Order can help.” I have never seen him like this, he is unfocused and rambling. “Talk to me,” I beg, walking over and touching his hand.“The ritual, you can’t do it. I won’t allow you,” his eyes burning in mine.  “Why?” I am confused and feeling scared. “It is much more than giving him a younger body, I must have known. There are De-aging potions, but he wanted this ritual.” I look around the room, trying to figure out what is going on. His room is simple, almost the same as mine. It is quite bare, nothing to show any personality. “I sent word to Albus, he can help us. You need to go into hiding. I have been looking for ways to remove the mark, but I can’t find anything. There must be a way to get it blocked, to keep you safe.” “What is going on!” I snap, squeezing his hands and pulling his attention back to me. “The ritual, he told me about it. He will use your blood to become younger, it is Dark Blood Magic. Before you start the ritual you both add blood to the potion, both drinking it. It will create a bond between you and he will use the family ring to seal that bond. It never crossed my mind, I should have thought about it, I should have seen the signs and protected you. Fuck… Lily, I condemn everything I touch to darkness and pain.” “Severus…,” I try to gain his attention once again. “Father…Dad,” the word rolls off my tongue and it does snap his attention. “What do you mean by sealing the bond?” “An engagement between the two of you, he will let it grow stronger before marrying you.” I can only stare as I process his words. Engagement. Marriage. Everything makes sense, the touches, the many times I found him staring at me and how he defends some of my actions with the Death Eaters. This is the reason why he gave me such a high rank, he wants me. How stupid am I? Why didn’t I notice the signs earlier? “Okay,” I sigh, biting my lip. “We will do the ritual. You took a vow, if I don’t do it something will happen to you. Did you make an unbreakable vow?” He just nods, staring at me as he holds on to my shoulders. “Here is what we are going to do. I don’t need to train for the coming days and we will figure this out. There must be a way to change the ritual without him knowing. Maybe I can take something to change my blood and invalidate the ritual.” “That won’t work, if the ritual doesn’t work I die, but that is okay. I am willing to take the risk.” My mouth hangs open as I look at him in disbelief. “No, no… I am not willing to take such a risk. I will do the ritual and accept the engagement. It will buy us time, a lot of people get engaged and don’t end up marrying.” “You will not do anything that is so foolish, just because you are hurting over a boy!” I scoff. “You think I will do this because of Draco?” I shake my head. “I will do this for you. The engagement will complete the Unbreakable Vow and you will survive. We will find a way to break the engagement or I will find a way to get rid of the mark and we will go into hiding.” “Is this that Gryffindor courage of you?” he sneers, finally looking more like his usual self. “No, my Slytherin loyalty,” I sneer back. “I won’t let you die because of this!”He pulls me towards him, embracing me, his head resting on top of mine. “You have her bravery.” The anger disappears and sadness replaces it. “I wish I could have met her.” After breaking away, we both remain silent as we prepare dinner and eat. In the evening we go back to our potions. I am distracted as I am wrecking my brain of possible changes we can make to the ritual potion. It must be something he doesn’t notice, something that doesn’t change the potion, only adds to it. I spent over a day looking over the potion. I try to find a way to ennul the power of creating a bond, but nothing will work. Multiple books are scattered around the room, all about different ingredients, plants, roots, flowers, magical animals, runes and dark magic. I am glad that Severus taught me to predict changes in a potion before adding it to a potion. I started with a long list of possibilities, but currently everything is crossed off. Severus is at Malfoy Manor, helping the others with dueling. That leaves me with the whole living room to myself and I use every available space of it along with a lot of his books. “What if…” I start to think out loud. “Instead of ennuling power, I add to it. He wants to create a bond, so we use blood. If there is an ingredient in the potion that reacts to the blood. What will it do? Blood creates the bond, what kind of bond.” I start to scribble out my ideas, using loose words instead of full sentences. “Strengthen the bond. Linking two lives, the strongest bond possible.” I get up and walk over to the book about Dark Magic, it is an illegal book, making it even more useful. “Life bonds. Link yourself to one person and live the same amount of years. The link can be broken, by killing the other. The survivor can link his life to another,” I read out loud. “This is perfect,” as I scan the ingredients, most of them already in the potion. I copy the ingredients and reference them to the ritual potion. There is only one ingredient missing, but it is very rare, a black rose. A feeling overwhelms me as I think of a garden filled with white roses, not cream in color but the brightest white I have ever seen, almost glowing in the night. On the inside cover of the book was a name. Cygnus Black II. Narcissa might be my only chance to find such a rare rose in such a short amount of time. The only thing I need to know is if I can trust her with the information that I am looking for one. Tomorrow night is the ritual and I need to cast the spell and let the potion simmer long enough for the black rose to take effect. It is the only choice I have. I don’t have time to wait or discuss with Severus. I quickly change my clothing to something more suitable, I grab my favorite summer dress, it is periwinkle, with short sleeves, fitted top and flowing skirt. I change my sneakers into flats and grab my beaded bag with the illegal expandable charm on it. I step into the foyer of Malfoy Manor, I know that every member of the Malfoy family is able to feel who enters their home and where they are. The only place I can think of to go is the library, maybe it is because I always look for an excuse to visit it. While finding my way and avoiding everyone, I think of Narcissa and that I need to speak with her. Let's hope the magic picks up on that and I’m not sitting there for hours, which normally I won’t mind. Luckily, it only takes a few minutes for the door of the library to open. I am walking between the first rows of books, waiting to see who is entering and not wanting to show my face too soon. “Hermione?” her soft voice carries through the room. I walk towards her. “I am sorry to come here like this, but it is urgent,” I tell her. “Don’t worry, dear. I thought I would join you and we could search for a book.” “I’m not here for a book,” I admit. “All your answers will be found between the pages of a book,” she smiles and starts to walk toward the left side of the room. I follow her and look at the titles of the books we pass, nothing jumps out to me, but I have a feeling that something is going on. She is smart and above all, a Slytherin. “Are you looking for something for the ritual?” she asks, her finger gliding over the spines of the books she passes. “Yes…” I drag out and decide to just tell her. “A black rose.” She turns around and grabs my hand, pulling me deeper inside the library. After a few waves of her wand I can feel a shield form around us and she turns back. “Do you know what you ask of me?” he asks and holds my shoulders. “I am so sorry to do this, Narcissa,” I answer her honestly. “You are my only hope, I don’t have the time to search for one myself and I don’t know what other solution to my problem I can add.” “What will the ritual do?” her eyes soft and filled with concern. “The Dark Lord will be linked to me, he will de-age and it will end with a bond between him and me,” I whisper, as the truth fills me with dread. “At the end of the ritual we will be engaged.” I know how bonds feel and I can feel them all the time, that will be the same with the Dark Lord. He will be able to feel strong emotions and it can cause even more distrust and that would be bad. I am still a part of the Order of the Phoenix, and if that gets out, I’m dead. I have too many secrets to be bonded to him, I just don’t know how to protect myself from forming a bond. If he learns how to follow a bond and figure out where I am, that will make everything harder. “No,” her fingers touch her chest. “You can’t.” “I must,” I respond. “I can’t deny the Dark Lord,” my back tingles and warms my body. “The black rose is used for a lot of dark magic, what are you going to do with it?” I can’t lie to her, she will know, she is the most powerful Legillimens here and she can shatter mental walls as if they are made from paper. She isn’t marked, but she can still tell him. He lives under her roof, but I need someone who I can trust. Father trusted her to tell her who I am and asked to help me when I was locked away in a prison. That is a sign that she did something the Dark Lord would not approve of and I lied for her, kept her secret safe. I am only in this situation because of her son and I am able to keep him safe when things turn to the worse. “You can’t tell anyone, please, I beg. Not only for me, but also for my Father and just think about Draco. I won’t marry him and it will keep your line pure, I promise you. I need the black rose, see it as a safety plan. If things start to go downhill, just kill me and he will follow me, the rose will bind us. It is something I can do, but I can’t just accept everything and marry him. He will use me,” I am rushing my words, forcing them out. “There will be a war and everything is so complicated and almost everything is out of my control. I can’t even control who I am going to marry, he might look my age, but he isn’t. I don’t love him, the idea of being his wife scares me. I’m just a girl and I am only here because I fell in love with your son. He has my heart and I will do everything in my power to keep him safe. I will condemn myself to a life in hell just for him to have a normal life. Narcissa, I beg of you don’t tell the Dark Lord about my plan,” tears are streaming down my face as I look at her, clutching her wrists. She looks over the books, tapping her wand against them and remaining silent. Her hands goes through the books and I watch in shock as she pulls back and reveals a black rose. “I would never do anything to add to your suffering, Hermione. You are my goddaughter and I love you like my own. You have already changed so much because of your love for Draco, maybe not all for the worse, but still. A girl your age should not be in this situation. You were innocent, just like Draco. Don’t give up hope, I only ask one thing of you. If things go bad, get Draco out. Use your connections to get him out and to safety,” Her eyes are bright as she hands over the rose. “Use it wisely, Hermione,” I feel pressure at my temple and she nods as I frown. I create a small window in my Occlumency and let her in. “There will be war, but know that you can always talk to me. I know you and Severus are part of the Order of the Phoenix. If you find yourself in the possibility of getting Draco in, do it. He is loyal to you and only you, some bonds are stronger than others.” Before leaving my mind she pushes a memory forward, it is one of her memories. She is looking over a book with runes. They are Viking runes, who were used in Ancient magic rituals. Her finger taps the Othala, the rune for heirlooms, heritage and land of birth. She leaves my mind, waves her hand and removes all the shields around us. My hands tremble as I take the pitch black rose from her and turn it in my hand, the rose is perfect and beautiful. “Thank you, Narcissa,” is the only thing I can say, blocking every bond I have to feel my emotions. “We should have tea soon,” she smiles as she leaves. I am too shocked to move, she knows and she has been keeping my secret. What does she mean with the rune, should I add it to the ritual or before or after? I need books to figure it out, I summon a tall jar from my bag and place the rose inside of it. I make it back home without anyone else seeing me and set the rose next to the potion. Before I can use it I need to be sure. The first thing I do is to check the meaning of the rune and I was right. It was used with Ancient magic so I should look into that, but there are not a lot of books on the topic. Father only has one book about it and it is very limited. I need to hurry and find as much information as possible before I change the potion. The fireplace comes to life and Father steps out, three thick books in his hands. I am sitting cross legged on the couch surrounded by books, I levitate multiple books in the air, there are books beside me and on the table. On my knee is a notepad full of ideas and a lot of crossed out ones. “Narcissa told me to bring these,” he holds up the books while frowning. I levitate the books to me and scan the information, it is perfect and exactly what I need. More information about Ancient Magic, Viking runes and rituals and even a special spellbook from the Black family. “Why did she tell me to bring these?” He looks at the notepad and through the room, his eye falling on the black rose. “Hermione, no…” I stand up, grab the jar and hold it close to me. “She knows… about us.” He frowns. “Know what?” “About the Order. I didn’t tell her, she knows and keeps it a secret for us. She only asked that if things take a turn for the worse, to get Draco out. She gave me the rose and showed me a rune, I only need to figure out how to use them.” “She knows?” he asks. I only nod to confirm and start reading about the rune, time is running out and I need to make a move. “Okay, what rune did she show?” “The Viking rune Othala, it means heirloom, but I don’t know what she means with it.” “Aren’t you wearing a Malfoy heirloom on your back?” he shrugs. How could I ever forget that it is an heirloom. “Okay, do you know of a potion ritual that will work with the rune and the rose?” He shakes his head, but has the notepad in front of him and is reading in the book of Ancient magic. I decide to read the Black spellbook and hope to find some information. The only break we take is to eat a bit of leftover soup with bread and we discuss our findings which is not a lot. After dinner we spend hours reading and writing down anything that can help. “I have it! I have it!” I cheer as I finally connect all the dots. I write it down on a clean page and show it. “You’ve done it,” he hugs me and lets out a deep breath. We quickly prepare for the small ritual, I change my dress for a sports bra and leggings, this way we can easily reach the tattoo on my back and he pulls out the ingredients and needed items.I create a salt circle in the middle of the living room, pushing the table and couch out of the way. We need to be focussed on our goal before we step in the circle and start the ritual. “Are you sure?” he asks, just as I want to step inside. “Yes.” “Why are you not fighting harder for Draco?” He is frowning and keeping me from stepping inside the circle. “Because I can’t. We can’t defy the Dark Lord,” I state and feel the pain trying to burst out of the hidden room in my mind. “I watched you at Hogwarts. He called you names and yet you started to grow towards each other. I watched as he stopped the name calling and started with the teasing smiles in class, the secret looks at each other. Eventually I noticed it in your homework, it sounded similar, like you were working together. Narcissa started to talk about you during the summer, about a girl and Draco couldn’t stop talking about her. She didn’t know who you were but she told me that she would never stand in the way of love. You have no idea how much my heart broke when I saw you on that table, scared and yet so brave. I can still hear your screams, it still haunts me in my dreams, I couldn’t do anything so I told her, asked her help and she did, without a question. You became a Death Eater because of him and yet your love grew. I don’t want to catch you two again, but I saw how protective he became of you. I told him to stay away from you, that it was better for you and him, but he got angry and told me if I am so shallow to not look past someone’s blood status he is ashamed to be my godson,” he chuckles, but I can see the tears in his eyes. I don’t interrupt and let him finish probably the longest speech he ever held. My heart clenching as he reveals his feelings to me and my love for him grows even more.“You changed so much, but you also grew. I watched as Gryffindor treated you as a thing they could use and throw away. You are just like your Patronus, a Phoenix who rises from the ashes. They tried beating you down, but here you are. So strong, beautiful and smart, you remind me so much of your mother, I wish you could meet her. You lead the Slytherins, protect them, but during all that time it was clear for anyone with a normal set of eyes to see what you and Draco are so much more than regular love. You will sacrifice yourself for him, you are actually preparing yourself to marry the Dark Lord. Are you doing it because of your love for Draco?” Tears are dripping down my face as I shake my head. “The only way to keep them and you, and everyone I love, safe is to be in the middle of it all. I need to be in the middle of the war and at the front of the battlefield to make a difference. Being engaged and eventually married to him, that is a sacrifice I need to make,” I clasp his hands in mine. “I don’t agree with Dumbledore and how he tries to win, he tried to kill me and I will never forgive him, but there are so many innocent lives and I can help to spare a few of them, I can even take revenge on the people who deserve it.” “Who?” he asks.“Peter Pettigrew,” I growl. “Stupid Gryffindor courage,” he pulls me towards him. “Are you sure?” “Yes, I am. I can do this.” He squeezes me one more time before letting go and walking to the other side of the circle. I take a few deep breaths to clear my mind and focus on the ritual. I step inside and he follows, we face each other and he holds the long knife with the point downwards. The blade pushes against my skin as I wrap my hand around it, and easily creates two cuts as I pull my hand down. I take the rose from the table and let my blood drip over it. Alligatus sanguineCreatum in praeteritumConfirmatus per fidemThe bond created in the past and sealed in blood, strengthened by a promise. I dip the rose in the bowl, coating it in blood before turning. Father takes over the rose and uses it to create the rune on my back, over the heirloom. While he draws I make my promise. Tu semper eris meiEtiam cum sineIn anima mea servabo teYou will always be mine, even when we are apart, I will always keep you in my soul. The magic is pulled from my body, but contained in the circle, it is swirling around us. The tattoo starts to warm up and it moves through my body. I see Draco, he’s looking over his shoulder in a mirror, to the snake that is wrapped around his arm, over his shoulder blade and resting on his collarbone. The snake turns blood red, as if it is painted on him with my blood.“Hermione,” his whisper echoes through my mind, his eyes burning into mine. The bond is buzzing between us, his emotions wash over me, his love, pain, wonder and angst. I reach out for him and whisper his name. The warmth is gathering in my chest, right on the spot where I can feel our bond. Father dips the rose in my blood for the last time and drops it in the potion we will use tomorrow. The rose burns up and warmth turns to heat, burning through my body. “Draco!” I scream and double over, pressing a hand to my heart as it starts to feel like it is beating out of my chest. My mind is flooded with memories of us together and a desire for him explodes. “Hermione,” It is as if he is standing in front of me, he sounds so real. I open my eyes and see two leather boots in front of me, just outside the circle. The bond is bursting with energy and I know who he is, I don’t have to follow the thread of the bond, I know he is standing in front of me. Our eyes meet, and I gasp for air. His irises are blown, only a small ring of silver visible. I shudder as he looks down at my body and all I can do is grab him, close my eyes and think of a small hidden forest not far away. We twist and turn in the air before falling to the ground. “I’m so sorry,” I burst out. “I love you.” He doesn’t respond in words as he grabs my face, rolls on top of me and kisses me. His tongue teases the seam of my lips, as I gasp he takes it as an opportunity to get closer. This is a primal need to be with each other. While kissing him I work on his buckle, pulling on it and struggling to get it open. Draco’s hands are caressing down my neck, over my breast and stomach. He helps with the buckle and pushes down his own pants and I follow his example. I only get them down to my knees, but it is enough to spread my thighs and feel his cock nudge my entrance. He sucks on my neck as he pushes inside me, filling me and making my cunt stretch around him. I arch my back from the ground and claw at his back. The drive to make love takes over. I can’t think of anything else as he fucks me, fast and hard. My mind is flooded with memories of us together, and I see a golden thread between us, slowly wrapping itself more and more around us as we continue. I want to wrap my legs around his hips, but my legging is in the way. With a snap of my fingers it is gone, I’m not paying any attention to see what happens to it, but I don’t care. I need him, now. Before I can wrap my legs around him, he rolls to his back, taking me with him. “Ride me, baby,” His voice is deep and needy, and I love it. And I do, I set my hands on his chest and impale myself on his hard cock, over and over again. Draco is watching me with his mouth open and eyes heavy lidded, his hands on my hips. The bond is strong and pulling us together, but it is so much more than it ever has been. I watch as the golden thread starts to form around my body, it wraps around my chest, arms, hips and the moment it touches his skin it moves further along him. We are both looking at the golden thread as it nears his heart. I wet my lips in anticipation, because I know it will make our bond stronger, our love even stronger. It wraps around his chest and our magic explodes from our bodies as it reaches his heart. My blueish magic is joined by dark blue, they swirl together, caressing our skin. The energy seeps into us as they mingle and the color changes, the perfect combination between the two of them. Two becoming one, creating the color of the ocean, a vibrant blue. My orgasm is near, my walls clenching around him. I watch him lick his thumb and bring it between us, he knows exactly what I like and I scream his name. My eyes shift in color and I don't know which feeling is mine or which is his, they merge together. He follows me and calls out my name as he fills me. I slump over him, trying to catch my breath as tears threaten to spill over. There is no use trying to hold them back, sobs wreck through my body. His arms wrap around me and his lips kiss my temple. “It will be okay,” he murmurs. “How,” I cry. “Love, we will be okay because we love each other. Our bond will be stronger than his, you will always be mine. “I don’t want this,” as it finally, truly registers that I am going to get engaged to Tom Riddle, the Dark Lord. “We are in it for the long haul, baby. You will always be mine, I heard your promise and I will promise the same. We will always love each other, help each other and save each other,” he holds me while I cry, mourn for the girl I was and who I will need to become.
  
    Chapter Text
    I apparate back home, landing in the living room. Father looks up, his brow raised as he looks over me. “There is a twig in your hair,” he notes and continues reading his book. I feel over my hair and pull out the twig, with leaves and all. “Sorry about that,” I mumble as my cheeks heat. “It was the ritual, it created the need to consummate it,” his lips flatten and he doesn’t look me straight in the eye. I cough, embarrassment flooding through me. “Oh okay, well, that… yes. I’m going to bed,” I tell him as I grab the book about the Black family magic. “Goodnight.” “Night,” he responds, not looking up again, but his cheeks are slightly red. I walk to the bathroom and look in the mirror, my eyes are wide and red. It is clear that I have been crying and having sex. “What a day,” I sigh and turn on the shower, stripping and waiting for the water to turn warm. The shower is great and helps me relax. Achilles is waiting for me on the bed, I pet his head and lay down as he nestles against my hip. Father is moving around, probably going to bed. I’m trying to fall asleep, but I can’t, my mind is thinking about the day and stressing about tomorrow.  After an hour of twisting and turning, Achilles snaps at my fingers and I let him out of the window. I decide to go to the kitchen and grab a cup of tea, I add a spell to my feet so Father won’t hear me walking around. It appears to be useless as I round the corner of the kitchen and he is sitting at the table, a cup of steaming tea between his hands. His hair is messy and he is wearing a soft long sleeved shirt and matching trousers. “Can’t sleep?” he asks. “No, you too?” I ask sheeply as I prepare my own tea. “Of course not.” We remain silent as we sip our cups, not even distracting ourselves with reading, both deep in our own thoughts. He sighs deeply and looks up. “You really are sure right? I can get you out, I don’t care what it will cost.” I swipe my fingers over the table in front of him, noticing it is more dark. When I hold up my fingers I see the ash on them. “The Order responded?” I ask. “Yes,” his answer clipped. “They won’t help me?” I guess. “They had a meeting about it, but more people voted to not help you. I wasn’t even invited to the meeting,” he sneers, scowling at the table where he burned the letter. “I’m not surprised, I am more valuable like this. Do you still get information from them?” “Barely.” I can see how frustrated he is and that he wants to help me, but can’t. “You need to trust me, I can do this,” we stare at each other. “But I need your help. I was thinking about it and the Dark Lord won’t create a very strong bond with me, but still a bond and the war is coming. I don’t know what the future will hold for us, but I need to be prepared. I read about a spell in the book from the Black family. It suppresses your humanity. I tried it myself, but it didn’t work. I need to accept what is going to happen and I need to become a true Death Eater. Please, help me, I will not be able to do all the torture and things that I will need to do.”He frowns, clearly not approving of my request. As I watch I see a mask appear, his emotions hidden. “It will change you forever, you will remember everything that you will do. At that moment you will not feel regret or hurt you will cause, but once you turn it back on, it will overwhelm you.” I nod, chewing on my lip. “I thought about it and I know myself. You know me. I’m not able to torture someone without torturing myself. I won’t be able to kill someone…” my lip starts to tremble when I think about killing an innocent person.“You should not have been put in this position,” he growls and hits the table. “True, but it is happening and I believe that this will be the best solution to the situation. Giving me a chance to survive.” “You can still feel emotions, you will be quick to anger because it will be easy. You don’t feel remorse and you will follow your urges more quickly. It will be easy to push emotions away that you don’t want to feel and it can be dangerous. Instead of just doing this to survive a war, you might not care about killing anymore and do it without a second thought. That is not who you truly are.” “I can manage it, I promise,” I tell him, staring him in the eye to show my determination. I know what the goal is. The war will be awful, but as long as I have some sort of power I can use it to do good things, save people’s lives and help end the war. “Are you sure,” he urges and I nod. “Lower your walls,” he sighs deeply, centering himself before he enters my mind. “Vertere motus,” the spell swirls through my mind. The pressure builds uit and suddenly I go limp, my head falling back as everything turns black. I feel the emotions drip away, leaving a coolness in their wake. It is easier to breath and I inhale deeply. When I open my eyes I feel fine, there is no pain. Father is standing next to me, his hand on my shoulder. The stress and unease I felt for the ritual is gone. “I should go to bed, tomorrow is a big day and I need to rest. Are we going to Malfoy Manor to prepare?” He nods. “How do you feel?” “I feel dull, but that is okay,” I tell him. “That means it works. Goodnight,” I kiss his cheek as I walk past him. It is easy to fall asleep, it feels like a calmness has come over me. I know what is going to happen tomorrow, but I accept it and don’t feel the earlier panic and despair I experienced when I thought about it. My mind is calm, I don’t have a thousand thoughts swirling through me. I don’t have any nightmares or dreams and my sleep is restful. As I walk in the kitchen I notice Father already waiting for me, a cup of steaming tea waiting. “Thanks,” I tell him as I grab an apple and some yogurt. He just nods and keeps eating his own breakfast of eggs and toast. I read the Daily Prophet as I eat my breakfast. I am still adjusting to the weird calmness inside of me, but it is also a relief. The emotions of last year were very draining and now I don’t care. “We should go to the Manor soon,” Father speaks up, gathering the dishes and using magic to clean them. “Okay, I will bring the books and give them back to Narcissa. I think it is safest to walk to the library, she met me there last time.” “Good. We will leave within half an hour.” I get up and walk back to my room. I was still wearing my pj’s so I need to change. A pair of black skinny jeans, black v-neck shirt and ankle boots are perfect for today. The moon necklace rests on my chest and sparkles in the light, drawing the attention to my breast. I clip the top half of my hair back, pulling a few strands free to frame my face. All the lessons of Pansy and Daphne helped and I look better than before. Just before leaving I swipe some mascara and a red lip.“I’m ready,” I walk in the living room as Father bottles the potion and adds it to a pouch. “Me too,” as he adds a long knife to the other items and pulls it closed. “How are you feeling?” “Good and you?” I smile, but I don’t feel the flutter of happiness inside of me, it is just a routine reaction. “Okay,” his answer is clipped, like almost all of the time when you ask for his emotions. Has he ever done the same to himself, turning off your feelings? Is that why he knows that you will forever feel it?I go first and throw the powder in the fireplace and step inside. “Malfoy Manor,” and I am pulled away and within seconds I step out of another fireplace, in a very spacious foyer. Instead of waiting, I immediately walk towards the library. It doesn’t take long before Narcissa shows up. I am looking through the stacks of books, still rather spending my day here than what I will need to do. Just to be safe, I added a charm on the books, changing the covers.  “Hermione, dear, how are you? Let’s sit down for tea,” without waiting for my response she snaps her fingers and Tippy appears. She is carrying a platter with tea and biscuits, she sets them on the table in front of the sitting area. “Thank you,” I tell them both and sit down on the couch, crossing my ankles and sitting straight, the books beside me. Narcissa follows me and prepares the tea for us both. I add a cube of sugar and stir it until it dissolves, she watches me closely. “Did everything work out for the potion?” she smiles, her voice soft as she picks up the cup and takes a sip while waiting for my response. “It is perfect. Father helped, just to be sure,” I follow her example. “The Dark Lord bought you a dress to wear for tonight. You can get ready in my room, just like last time,” her eyes flick over my face and I can see the wonder in her eyes. She wants to ask more, but she also knows she can’t. “How thoughtful of him, I will thank him soon for his generosity. I would love for you to help me again, you made me look beautiful at Christmas,” I sip my tea and take a biscuit. The normal nerves I would feel are gone, I don’t even feel nervous about school or my grades. I just know that they have to be good and I will need to do a lot of studying, but that is not different from other years. “Your books were a great help and I read them all, such fascinating information.” “I am glad to hear that,” she waves her hand and the charm is gone from the books and they fly back to the shelves they came from. I love magic, it makes a lot of things so easy and quick. We finish our tea and walk up to her room. “Hermione,” Pansy interrupts us as we just wanted to ascend the stairs. I turn around and smile, the pain I felt when I looked at her or even heard her voice is gone. “Pansy, I am so sorry for my behavior. You did nothing wrong,” I tell her right away and hug her as she steps forward. I see her frown for a moment and as she hugs me, I feel her reach out throughout the bond, trying to figure out what my real emotions are. She pulls back and looks at me, a frown on her face. “Are you all right, Hermione?” she asks, holding my arms. “I’m good, Pansy,” I smile and hold onto her. I can’t tell her what I have done, too many people might hear me and know that I can’t be a Death Eater with my humanity. When they figure it out, I can tell them that it is the best I could do for the cause. “How are you?” “I’m good, now that we talk again. I am so sorry, I should not have said it at that moment, but I wanted you to hear it from me,” her eyes shimmer, but she pulls it back. “I understand, it took me a while, but everything is okay. Do you and Daphne want to help to get me ready for tonight?” I suggest, thinking that they need to prepare themselves too and we could all be together. “Of course, let me get Daph and we will find you later, okay?” She smiles and I nod, she hugs me and leaves me alone with Narcissa who smiles at me. We enter her room and it is already set to prepare ourselves. There is a huge cream colored box on the table, along with a card. It has my name on it so I open the card. May you feel powerful and excisit while wearing it. -TWill he refer more often to himself as Tom when he is young again, or maybe only for me, seeing as I will be his wife in the future. A seventy year old, back in the body of a teenager or maybe a bit older, that is going to be so weird. I have always known I like more mature boys or people in general, but this is a bit much. There is nothing I can do to stop it, everything is already in motion. The frown I have disappears as soon as I lift the cover of the box, revealing the dress. I pick up the shimmery black dress. At first glance it looks a lot like the dress I wore during the Christmas ball. It is amazing and beautiful. If he picked this out by himself that is a great sense of taste. I hang the dress on a hanger and hang it on the door. “It is a very beautiful dress,” Narcissa offers and pulls back a chair for me in front of the mirror. “Can I ask one thing of you, Hermione.” I nod and look up at her. “I know what you have done, it is clear to me and it was the right thing to do for you, but I want to ask you. Whatever happens, keep wearing the heirloom, never take it off. It is for your own safety and Draco,” she is gripping her hands, showing the seriousness of her request. “I won’t take it off,” I promise, and I will keep it, it doesn’t bother me and I know that the spell we did yesterday is linked to it.She lets out a relieved sigh and smiles again. “Now, what should we do with your hair?”Before I can answer there is a knock at the door. She waves it open and Daphne and Pansy walk in, their hands filled with their own clothes. I smile at them, it feels as if we are preparing for the Yule Ball at Hogwarts. They all focus on me at first. They curl my hair, pulling it away from my face and clipping it in the back. A few small strands frame my face, creating a softness. Narcissa works on my eyes, Pansy on my red lip and Daphne takes care of my nails. She paints them black. “How are you?” I ask Daphne, while Pansy is searching for a lipstick to match the lipliner. “Great, Theo helped me so much and I am so grateful for him. Look at this,” I hear the happiness in her voice before I can even open my eyes. The brush that Narcissa was using pulls away and I carefully open my eyes. Daphne is holding out her hand and a big diamond is shimmering on her finger. “Oh my!” I exclaim, while I don’t feel the rush of emotions, I am still happy for her. “It is gorgeous! I haven’t really seen yours, Pans, show me!” She does and I take both their hands, watching the diamonds, both a very different style. Pansy has a clean rectangle cut diamond, on a simple band while Daphne has a square stone, surrounded by small ones and the band is also covered. It is such an eyecatcher that I wonder how I didn’t notice it earlier when she walked in or helped with my hair. “Both so beautiful, both very lucky,” I tell them and beam up at them. “We will all return to school engaged.” “What?” Pansy’s face drops. “Who are you?” They look at my hands and I chuckle. “Tonight. The ritual will bind the Dark Lord to me and he told my Father he will propose. He will be around my age again,” I smile up at them, knowing that I would not have smiled if I had my emotions. They remain silent looking at Narcissa and back to me. “It is okay,” I reassure them. “I am not able to marry a Pureblood, this way I am still high in ranks.” It is the truth, it is probably the only reason he wants to marry me. I am powerful and a Halfblood, this way I don’t destroy a Pureblood line and I am still important. “We can plan our weddings together,” Daphne offers, a smile breaking through. “Absolutely,” I agree and the tension quickly disappears. They finish my make-up and nails. I strip down to my lingerie, very happy that it was not included with the dress. The dress is heavy, but a simple spell reliefs it. It is floor length, but at my right leg is a slit, which goes up very, very high, almost reaching my hip. Luckily it doesn’t reveal anything, just a lot of leg, but it is easier to walk in. I add the charms Narcissa taught me to the shoes and pull them on. The back of the dress is less low, only revealing the top half of the snake on my back. The neckline of the dress is different from the one I wore at Christmas, while it is still a v-neck, this one is wider, starting on my breast, only covering them half. I stick it to my skin with a small charm, just to be sure it doesn’t fall out. I help Daphne and Pansy get ready, they are also wearing black, but simpler, no shimmers or cut outs. They both look stunning and it is late in the afternoon as we walk downstairs. I am in the front, followed by them one step behind me. Narcissa left earlier, and she is waiting for us at the base, along with Draco, Theo and Blaise. I wait for the jealousy and pain to appear as I watch Draco hold out his hand and knowing it is not for me. I take Blaise’s outstretched hand as the others also pair up. “You look breathtaking,” he compliments and squeezes my hand. I smile at him. “You too,” he is wearing black on black wizarding dress robes, they are fitted to perfection, showing off his body. “I know,” he chuckles and leads me to the ballroom. I gasp as we walk in, it is even prettier than Christmas. There are candles everywhere, creating a soft glow throughout the whole room. Everyone is dressed in either their Death Eater robes or in dress robes. The Dark Lord is standing in the front and they create a path way towards him. Blaise walks me towards him and we kneel at his feet. Even the Dark Lord is wearing normal dress robes instead of his flowing robes. I can only assume that the others are also kneeling and waiting to be released. Let’s hope I don’t have to do this too often in high heels, because I am very unstable and using Blaise to not fall over. “Rise, my followers,” the Dark Lord finally releases us. Blaise drops my hand and I clutch them in front of me. “Hermione, I have the first gift of the night for you,” the Dark Lord’s voice carries through the whole room and everyone is watching as he pulls out a rectangular box. “Thank you, my Lord. For the dress and everything,” I bow my head to him. I open the lid and inside the velvet is a mask. It is black and will only cover half of my face. I know that it will use the same technique as the Death Eater mask and decorations will show when I wear it. I also know that this will be a replacement and the meaning is not lost on me. Every other mask has a closed mouth, this one leaves my mouth visible, making it easy for me to speak and showing that I have the authority to be heard. “It is beautiful,” I tell him as I pick up the mask. “Do you want me to wear it now?” “Only to see if it fits you and during the ritual,” he nods towards the mask. I lift it and set it on my face, closing my eyes as I feel it adhere and form to my face. This time I can’t see what pattern appears, but I expect it to be the same as the last mask, curling vines. The mask sits high on my face, framing my eyes and rests on top of my cheekbones, probably accentuating it. I take it off and thank him again.“When the moon is on it’s highest, our ritual will start, everyone is required to be there. Be on time,” with that the evening starts. It is just like Christmas, but this time it is my engagement party, for most people still unknown. There are trays with champagne hovering through the room, I only take one as I stand with the pact. There are no nerves to calm down, but a little bit of alcohol never hurts. Blaise is brave enough to ask me to dance and I accept. Draco is hiding his emotions very well, but I know him better and see the tension in his jaw. He takes Pansy to the dancefloor, Theo and Daphne also following. There aren’t a lot of couples tonight, mostly because the wives are not Death Eaters. Bellatrix is hovering next to the Dark Lord, along with my Father.The moon is rising quickly and before I know it, I walk towards the Dark Lord and stay with him. Ready to leave when he wants to. Father is standing next to me, the pouch with supplies with him. “Let’s go,” the Dark Lord announces, holding out his arm. I reach for it but Bellatrix is faster, but the Dark Lord doesn’t apparate away, he is scowling at her until she lets go of him. I take her place and I am pulled away, darkness surrounding her. We land in the graveyard, I immediately start to prepare for the ritual, my mind focusing on the task ahead. The circle we made with our blood is surrounded with small purple flowers sprouting from the ground. It is a good sign, showing that our preparation is successful and our blood strong. Father lays the items on a small table, which he also brought. I walk over to him, he looks up and nods. We talked about this enough over the last days, I know what will happen and we did everything we could to prepare me. Maybe we did too little to prepare him, maybe I should have listened more or comforted him. I don’t think he ever expected his daughter to get engaged to the Dark Lord, older than himself. It is gross and not right, but I can’t object to it, at least he will be looking like someone my own age and best of all, during an engagement it is not proper to be intimate with each other. Let’s hope he is not even interested in that and only wants a wife to be pretty and stand next to him, that would be the best outcome of this all. The long knife glints on the table and I look at the swirling pattern on it, while I am repeating all the steps of the ritual in my mind. My wand is in it’s hollister around my thigh, which is even easier to grab with the slit in the dress. It gives a signal to start. Everyone creates a circle around the flower circle and table. Father waits behind the table, Draco and Pansy on one side of him and Theo, Daphne and Blaise on the other. I grab the long knife and the Dark Lord the potion. The moonlight is shining down on us. I hold up my hand for everyone to see as I slice into my palm, the blood starts to drip down my arm. Everyone watches as I walk around the circle once more, letting more droplets of my blood drop on the ground. I give the knife to the Dark Lord and take over the potion. While he repeats the first steps, I am cupping my hand to gather the blood, making it easier to add to the potion. He stops in front of me and I uncork the potion, moving on to the next steps. I pour in my blood and start my incantation. I offer my blood. I offer my body. This is how it will start. Offero sanguinem meumCorpus meum offeroThe Dark Lord follows, repeating the words. Our promise will be equal, but I know he will never truly see me as one. He holds his injured hand towards me and I place mine on top, our blood comes together and seeps from between our fingers. I feel a rush of power as his blood enters my bloodstream, flowing through my body, making my magic buzz in anticipation. As I pour the potion in two goblets, my eyes meet Draco’s. He is clenching his jaw, but his face is emotionless, he is clearly compartmentalizing. I hover the cup to the Dark Lord and grab my own. We face each other as we drink the potion, it is very bitter and I have to watch out that I don’t puke. I can smell the very, extremely faint, rose scent rising from the goblet, but the Dark Lord doesn’t notice. I summon my wand and tap it on our joined hand. We chant together, while looking down. Oblatio dataNatus est vinculumImperium adeptusUt iuvenes cum magisThe offer of blood has been given, the bond is born and power obtained to become young once more. Just like an unbreakable vow, a string appears around our hands, making our bond visible, wrapping around and moving along my arms. The magic tingles on my shin and it shines brighter, the closer it gets to my sternum. It feels like a stab in the heart as the bond reaches my heart, all my earlier bonds were pleasant, but this one isn’t. This one is forced without love or even a remote feeling of acceptance. Our magic expands and I notice mine is darker than it normally was. The ritual with Draco really worked, creating a stronger bond that will overrule this one. I have to close my eyes as the light spreads further, obscuring us from everyone’s sight, but I can feel the change happening. The large hand becomes softer, but I can also feel it in my body, the bond getting stronger and I feel the power vibrate around me. I open my eyes and the light is retreating back into me and I am able to look up. The Dark Lord is not deadly pale and gray anymore, he is shorter, he has hair and he is looking like the perfect example of health. I am speechless as I take him in, his hair is dark brown and curling on his forehead. His eyes are matching and he has high cheekbones. He is attractive, very attractive actually. The dress robes are too big on him, but it is the smirk he pulls that makes my mouth drop open. He conjures a ring and finishes the spell. With this ring I will bind us together. Body, soul and power. Long live. Hoc anulo nos ligaboCorpus, anima et potestasVivatHis voice is deeper, younger and sexy, I can’t help it, but it is more husky, more human. He slides the ring on my finger and the moment it touches my skin I can feel the darkness radiate from it. The band is gold, two snakes opening their mouths and there is a black stone in the middle. The ring sizes itself to the perfect size and only for a second I see the dark veins appearing on my skin before they disappear again. This ring is pulsing with dark magic, but I act as if I don’t notice it and just stare at the ring. It is beautiful, but not what I would have picked out myself, rather something like Daphne’s ring. He turns my still bleeding hand and heals the cut, his magic feels like a hot kiss on my skin. “Hermione Snape, with this ring I ask you to be my wife. Let us become the most powerful Half Bloods and cleanse this world of dirty blood,” he is kneeling for me and everyone is quiet around us. He doesn’t even really ask, but I didn’t expect him to. This is already better than I imagined, he could have just told me that we are now engaged and I have no say in the matter. Not that I can say no right now, but this sounds kinder, even though he asks me to murder half of the world or even more. Ugh, this is weird. “Thank you, my Lord. It would be my greatest honor to accept,” I curtsy in front of him and he rises again, kissing my hand. I am glad he doesn’t try to kiss me right away, I might have cringed away. He keeps holding my hand as we turn to address the crowd. Everyone is watching us. “The ritual is completed, now we are ready to prepare for the next steps in the plan,” the Dark Lord exclaims. I can’t stop watching him, as if it is a trick for my eyes and in certain lighting he will change back to the old man he was. Nothing happens, he only looks at me, smirking once more. He doesn’t look like my age, he is clearly older, more like early twenties. “Let’s go back and celebrate.” They bow to us, before disappearing into the night. I turn to the table and start to gather all the items, setting them in the pouch Father brought them in. Father shrinks the table and adds it as well, quickly giving me a squeeze, before he takes over the bag and also disappears. That leaves Draco and Pansy standing in front of me. “Congrats on the engagement,” Draco deadpans, totally detached from the sentiment. “Thank you. I don’t think I said the same to you,” I give a little smile since the pain I felt earlier is gone. “You two make a great couple.”Before Draco can respond Pansy asks to see the ring and I show her. She holds my hand and looks at the ring from all sides. “It must be an heirloom, it is so pretty,” she smiles brightly at me. “It is absolutely breathtaking,” I lie easily, while smiling back at her. Daphne, Theo and Blaise join us, all looking at the ring and congratulating me. I can feel him getting closer and look up at him as he takes my hand with the ring. “It is a Gaunt’s family heirloom, my mother’s side of the family,” the Dark Lord explains. “We should go back, I think we deserve a drink and toast on our upcoming marriage, Mrs. Riddle,” he smirks at Draco and pulls me away from the group and aparates away. The name thunders through my mind, I might not feel the emotion, I still know what I would feel. There was a time where I was hoping to become Mrs. Malfoy, but I never thought I would carry the name of the Darkest Wizard known to mankind. As soon as we hit the ground I stumble forward, straight in his chest. “I’m so sorry, my Lord,” I tell him, keeping my eyes low and backing out. “Tom, you can call me Tom when it is just us,” I look up in his dark brown eyes and give him a small smile. Why is this so different from what I imagined? I expected that he would use me as a slave and just a girl to stand next to him and nod a long with him, to grab him something to drink and have no free will. He grabs two glasses of champagne from the floating tray and hands me one. The touch of our glasses draws the attention from everyone and he uses it to do a toast to us, to the purity of the wizarding world. The evening is pleasant, we share a few dances and I am able to chat with my friends. A huge weight is lifted from my shoulders, the ritual worked and it is not as bad as I thought. I can also look my friends in their eyes again without dying inside. At the end of the evening I say goodbye to Tom, the Dark Lord, my fiance and he is perfectly polite, kissing my hand and leaving. Narcissa is waiting for me with the jar of Floo Powder, Father left early and I don’t blame him. He helped me so much the last few days, it must pull on his energy. “How are you?” Narcissa asks. “I’m doing good. How are you, have you heard anything about Lucius?” I dare to ask the question I wanted to ask her all summer. “No, we are not allowed to have contact for now. We do write letters, but we don’t get any responses,” her eyes are sad and she doesn’t look at me directly. “I’m so sorry about everything,” I tell her. “If only I could have protected him during the mission, he might not be caught.” She holds my wrist and smiles sadly. “It is not your fault, that pale blond hair is not very usual in the Wizarding World.” She is right of course, but I still feel like I could have done more. “We should drink tea with the other girls, I think it would be a great bonding experience for all of your upcoming weddings,” her eyes go dull for just a moment as she strengthens her Occlumency.“We should and I don’t mind drinking tea together, if there is ever a need for that.” With that I leave the Manor and find my Father sitting in his chair. I know he added special wards around the house, nobody can hear anything from the outside and we are warned when somebody comes close to it. He is not even reading, just holding a cup of tea and staring at the floor. “Hi,” I greet him carefully and sit down across from him on the couch. “How do you feel,” his voice deep and sullen. “I’m fine, really,” I try to assure him, because it is the truth. He pinches his forehead and sighs deeply. “I should stop asking that, because you don’t feel anything anymore, right,” he is annoyed. “What you did for me, it was for the best. You know I was crumbling under the pressure, my emotions showing more than they should. You gave me a second chance, again,” I lean against the back, crossing my legs and start pulling the pins from my hair. This time there aren’t as many as with Christmas, and soon my black hair is hanging around my shoulders. “I robbed you from a normal life,” he sounds very bitter and I understand why he would feel like this. “It is okay. Even if I wasn’t your daughter I would have ended up in the middle of the war. I would stand next to Harry, fighting with him and protecting him. I think there are over a thousand, if not more, ways that my life would end up in the middle of the war. Maybe in one lifetime I would not fall in love with Draco, maybe I would fall in love with Harry, Ron or even Neville. I would be a Gryffindor, maybe a Ravenclaw or even a Slytherin. Or I would be friends with Blaise, who pulls me in their group. I don’t blame you.”“There are probably even a thousand ways your life would not end up in a war,” he still doesn’t look up at me. “We should not linger on what ifs, we should focus on what we have and how we can make the best of it,” I’m starting to lose my temper. He looks up. “You look beautiful, you deserve the world.” “So help me make the best of it. We both know what we are and who we are,” I stand up, gathering the pins. “Stop moping around, don’t you have papers to grade or anything?” I wink at him, trying to get him out of this foul mood. “Goodnight.” “Wait,” he gets up and grabs my hand, examining the ring. “What is wrong with it?” I am surprised he noticed anything, I am mostly just ignoring the ring and trying to to feel why there is power coming from it. “I don’t know, but it is something.” I pull back my hand and kiss his cheek. The relationship between us has grown so much within a year and I am happy about it. For most people he is this unapproachable, grumpy man, but he does share his feelings, just not that often. I don’t even think about the muggles who raised me, I know why they did it and they did a good job of it. But the relationship started to crumble as soon as they found out I am a witch. They didn’t want to learn about this world and they didn’t accept how it changed me. I was not allowed to talk about school, friends or about what I learned. I brush my teeth, and take a quick shower. Achilles is waiting for me and I scratch his head, giving him a treat from the bowl that I have sitting on the desk. He bites at my left hand, at the ring. “You feel it too, right? Such a smart owl,” he hoots and I continue our conversation. “It is okay, it doesn’t hurt. I will keep it away from you. From now on I will only pet you with my right hand,” I promise him and he agrees with another soft hoot. I hang the dress in the closet and grab a short set of pj’s to sleep in. It is a warm summer for England. Falling asleep is easy, my mind is still quiet and the turned off emotions are still weird. I know what I would feel, but the actual feeling does not flow through me. In two weeks we will be going back to school, once again a lot has changed over the summer. The weeks fly by and before I know it we are having the last meeting of the summer. We have been training a lot, fighting against other Death Eaters, learning to fight, shift and fight as our animals and shift back to fight it as a human. I am even learning to use a bow, it might be a muggle weapon, but I love adding magic to it. I coat the tips in poison and use spells to make them even more lethal. The Dark Lord watches me as I train, but he barely talks to me, I don’t mind it. The Dark Lord walks into the room and I still have to get used to his look, he wears slacks and a button up shirt over it, the top two buttons are loose. He sits down and everyone quiets down. “The younglings will return to school in a few days. Hermione, have you trained enough?” he turns to me. “I think we made great progress over the summer, my Lord.” “I have a task for you tomorrow. For now,” he turns towards Draco who sits on the other side of the table. “Young Malfoy, I have a task for you to fulfill.” “I am ready, my Lord,” he responds, his face a mask. “Stay behind after the meeting.” That means that it will be a special mission and we won’t know what it is and he probably is not allowed to tell us, just like when I got my special mission. Maybe they will break Lucius out of Azkaban. The Dark Lord continues to speak of the plans for the coming months, not really interesting for me, since I am going to be at school. We only need to keep training and be ready for when a move will be made. Until further notice we need to keep our marks hidden and draw not too much attention. “Hermione, young Malfoy, stay behind, the others are dismissed.” We wait patiently as the room empties out. He turns to me and smiles, which is a lot nicer looking than before. I bet he had a lot of girls interested in him during his Hogwarts years. My hands are resting on the table and he takes the one with my engagement ring in his hand, softly rubbing over my knuckles. “How are you?” he asks, not caring that Draco is watching, or maybe that is exactly why he is doing this. “I’m doing good, my Lord,” I respond politely. “I told you, Hermione,” the way my name rolls off his tongue is so soft and yet demanding. “You can call me, Tom.” I smile at him, trying to ignore what his voice is doing to me. “We are not alone.” “Young Malfoy doesn’t care, right?” The look he gives is clear that he doesn’t want a negative answer. “Of course not, my Lord. She is your fiance,” I notice that his eyes are cold and dull looking, probably creating more walls around his mind. The Dark Lord seems satisfied with his answer and turns back to me. “I have a task for you tomorrow. Can you be here around ten in the morning?” “I will be here,” I tell him, still not wiser what the task will involve. “Young Malfoy, your task is simple. You will kill Albus Dumbledore and you have until the end of the school year to fulfill your task,” he says matter of factly. Draco remains silent but I can’t hold in my shock. “What? Why?” “Dumbledore is a problem, we need to get rid of him.” “I know and I don’t care about that, but why does he need to do it?” I ask, noticing that I am objecting to a decision of the Dark Lord and that could be dangerous for me. “His father disappointed me and they need to be punished,” he is frowning at me as if I am crazy for even questioning him. I look at Draco and he looks even paler than before. “But killing the strongest wizard is not something he can do on his own,” I try again. The Dark Lord slams his hand on the table. “I am the strongest wizard,” he bellows and I pull away from him, knowing that it is possible that he will punish me. “The Malfoy is not what it used to be, they deserve this punishment. He will kill Albus Dumbledore or get killed trying. There is no middle ground.” I gasp and wait for Draco to object or say anything, but he doesn’t. “Tom, please, he is not his father. Give him an honest chance, or let me help him,” I beg and I know I am pushing him. “Granger, shut up. I accept the task, my Lord,” Draco finally talks. I glare at him, but I can also feel the anger of the Dark Lord and I push too much. Why are both of them so jealous? Clearly Draco was right to be jealous of the Dark Lord during Christmas, but I did not expect this to happen. “Draco, you are dismissed. Do not disappoint me,” his voice is too calm, too controlled and I am not dismissed yet.  The Dark Lord stays quiet for sometime and I know I fucked up. I went too far and I am going to pay for it, it doesn’t matter that we are engaged. He has the power to punish me and no one can object. My hands are rubbing together, waiting for him to say anything. “You disrespected me,” his voice still calm, but as he turns his head to me, I can see the anger burn in them. “How dare you.” “I’m so sorry, my Lord. I wasn’t thinking, I…” I try to explain, but it won’t change anything. “Get up,” he hisses. A shiver runs up my spine as I slowly stand, my chair scraping over the ground. My heart is beating fast as I wait for my next order. The Dark Lord stands up and grabs my hand, pulling me close to him, our faces only millimeters from each other. Is he going to force himself on me, is that my punishment? His lips crash on mine and he kisses me, it is rough and very uncomfortable. He yanks on my hair to look up and give him better access and I let him, even open my mouth for him. I force the nausea away, but he pushes me away. “You’re mine,” and he pulls me along with him. I stumble next to him as he takes me to the Malfoy cellar. Last time I was here, I was locked up in a cage. My wolf senses take over, my eyes shift and I can see better in the dark, but also smell. It has an awful smell and the cage is not empty, someone is in it. The Dark Lord opens the cage and pulls out the person, who scrambles away from us. “Do it, Hermione,” the Dark Lord commands. “What do you want me to do?” I ask, already knowing what he will answer. “I did some testing on him, he’s a Muggle, disgusting, useless, waste of space,” his voice is filled with loathing. The guy is not much older than I am, guessing in his twenties. He is shaking and I can smell the dried blood on him and dirt. “Please, please, don’t” he begs. “Hermione,” the Dark Lord hisses, grabbing my hand and putting it on my wand, releasing my wand. I shouldn’t stall this, the guy will die one way or another. My hand shakes as I hold up the wand, pointing at his heart.“You know the spell. Get rid of this disgrace, this filth.” I know the spell, I can do this. I need to do this. If it is not him it will be me. I was in that guys position and instead of experiments they tortured me which will probably be the same. I want to say I am sorry, but I can’t. “Avada Kedavra,” I yell. Nothing happens. “Avada Kedavra,” I repeat, but again nothing. A quick glance at the Dark Lord reveals a lot of anger. “Diffindo!” I scream and slice my wand through the air. Blood splatters over the walls. The guy's eyes are huge as he looks at me and grabs his neck. Blood is pouring down his front, soaking his shirt and over his hand. He chokes, falls to his knees and tries to stop the bleeding. The cut is long and I hit the jugular vein. Blood is dripping from his mouth as he tries to breathe. I watch as his eyes turn dull and unseeing, before he falls forward, the blood spreading out in a puddle. I can’t breathe, the scent of blood is overwhelming as if I am covered in it. A glance down my body shows no blood, but I feel dirty. It takes everything inside of me to not run away. My feelings are threatening to burst out, I can feel them pounding on the mental walls keeping them locked away. I build more walls around them as I keep staring at the guy. Even in death he is still looking at me. “That was so hot,” the Dark Lord pulls me towards him and kisses me again. I let my body move along with his, but my thoughts are repeating how I just killed a guy. He pulls away and ushers me upstairs again, leaving the body behind. “That was actually your task for tomorrow, but good riddens. You made me proud, but you will not help the Malfoy boy, that is his burden to carry. If I notice that you are helping him I will not only torture his mother, but also your father. I don’t care that he is my most trusted follower, I will hurt him and even kill him if you don’t follow my orders or disobey me. Do you understand?” “Yes…yes I understand, my Lord,” I force out. “I expect more of you, Hermione. You are dismissed.” I can only nod, I walk the short distance to the foyer and the fireplace. Nobody comes to say goodbye, but I know the pact must have been able to feel that. The pact bond is buzzing, but I don’t feel the emotions. The flames are still warm as I step inside and call out my destination. “Hermione?” Father turns around, standing at the bookcase, with a book in his hands. I slowly look up, his eyes filled with worry. “I’m fine,” I tell him, letting the truth wash over me. He watches me for a few moments, but I excuse myself and go to my room where I let every memory of the day pass by. I split them and rip them apart, slowly clearing everything until I am no longer overwhelmed. I took a life. I ended someone's life. I watched as the blood poured out. I could have healed him, changed his memories as if nothing happened, but I didn’t. I watched as his eyes stared at me, slowly getting more dull, until he didn’t see anything anymore. The last thing he saw was my face and I did nothing. I just stood there, watching. I killed him and I don’t even feel the pain, anger, shame or heartache. Nothing, I am numb. I am a killer. I am a murder. I deserve everything that will happen to me.
  
    Chapter Text
    It is late in the evening when I get summoned. I dress myself in a long cloak, black skinny jeans, and matching long sleeve shirt, along with some flat ankle boots. This time I watch myself in the mirror when I place the new mask on my face. I am surprised as I watch the simple black mask change into gray with lighter swirls, reminding me of my magic instead of the vines of my wand. With a simple spell I pull my hair back into a braid and place the hood over it, sticking it down so it won’t fall off. It takes me minutes to dress and apparate to Malfoy Manor. I land in the foyer and walk towards the dining room, bow for the Dark Lord and take my seat. “How are you?” he asks. “You look great.” “Thank you, my Lord. I’m doing good and you?” I ask, smiling softly. “Good.” He looks around the room and I follow. I notice I am the only one of the younglings and my father is not present. Bellatrix and the foul werewolf are here though, along with Nott Senior, Goyle Senior, Crabb Senior. “I have a small mission for you, I got information that a meeting from the Order of the Phoenix is being held in the house of the Weasleys. Even though they are Pureblood they don’t care about the values we hold and therefore don’t deserve any protection. I demand that you lure them out, try to catch Harry Potter and destroy the house. Meet me back here. Dismissed.” We all agree and accept the mission. He grabs my hand, before I can walk away and he pulls me towards him. His lips touch mine and he kisses me, licking the seam of my lips and I can only open up for him. Everytime he touches me, I can feel his magic brush against mine. The kiss is not unpleasant, but In my mind he is still an old man without a nose. Bellatrix coughs and that makes him pull away. “Make me proud,” he smirks and pecks me on the lips one last time. “I will,” I murmur and walk out of the room, waiting along the others in the foyer. I check my outfit and add a protective charm over my clothing, making it almost like a shield. Fenrir is sniffing me and I glare at him. “What is your problem, dog,” I sneer. “You smell,” he chuckles. Everyone is paying attention to our conversation even if they try to look at something else. “And you smell like you just jumped out of a dumpster, you are not one to talk,” I snarl. “You misunderstood me,” he sounds so innocent, but I know he is not. “I can smell the blood between your legs.” This earns him a slap across his cheek. “Don’t you dare to speak to me like that,” I hiss, watching as my handprint becomes visible on his cheek. “I am engaged to our Dark Lord and I out rank you, you filthy dog.” I turn as I hear a deep chuckle from the dining room. “Precious. I like it when she is mean,” the Dark Lord smirks and turns towards Fenrir. “Leave and fulfill the mission.” I am the first one to apparate away, already knowing where I can land in the tall grass without being seen. The moment I touch the ground I shift. As a wolf I can see so much more and less risk of being found. Since training a lot I can shift in seconds and keep my clothes on. I move forward through the dry grass. The front door of the Burrow opens. “It was delicious, Molly,” Tonks compliments, standing next to Remus. “Are you sure you won’t stay?” the sweet voice of Molly carries over to me, giving me a flashback of her slapping me. “No, we should go, the first night of the cycle is always the hardest,” she answers quickly. Remus is standing in front of everybody and I watch as he sniffs, his eyes landing on the spot where I am hidden. Shit, he can smell me. Arthur notices the stiff posture of Remus and lays a hand on his shoulder. Remus shrugs him off, keeping his eyes focused on my spot. I don’t even dare to breathe, laying low on the ground, ears pointed back. He growls, as I also hear people walking through the grass. “Sweety?” Tonks asks. So that is new, they are a couple, I thought he and Sirius would become one now they have the time and he is not in Azkaban.My attention draws to one of the many windows, Ginny is walking upstairs in her bathrobe. Harry is there and they talk. I can’t hear what they are saying, but he is smiling. Well, are they finally together, only took a couple of years of Ginny secretly pining after him and vice versa. Bellatrix shouts a hex towards the Burrow, just missing Remus. I shift back to my human form, grab my wand and draw a deep breath. After a summer of training my power I am confident that I am able to control it. “Mortiferum ignem,” I whisper and imagine the Fiendfyre as a bomb, and creating a fire around the Burrow, making them trapped inside. The hatred I feel for Ron and Molly helps. Bellatrix apparates and appears in front of the fire, revealing herself to everyone. She cackles like a madwoman, which she is, so it makes sense. “Ohhhh sweet cousin, come and get me!” she giggles like a little girl asking her cousin for a game of tag. I create an opening and close it after her. Remus is still looking in my direction, before Sirius storms out of the house, closely followed by Harry. They all scream for them to return, but they jump through the flames to follow Bellatrix. Remus and Tonks try to follow them, but I let the fire burn higher. They start to send spells into the flames and I use it as a shield. I keep myself hidden and try to figure out what is happening around me. Bellatrix is screaming on repeat. “I’m going to kill Sirius Black. Come and get me!” My focus is on deflecting spells that I don’t notice the hole in the fire before Ginny jumps through. I try to follow the steps everyone is taking, making sure I am still hidden in the grass. The wind is making everything rustle around me, and the footsteps stop. They are breathing hard, which makes it easier to follow them. I let the fire burn and take off, immediately drawing the attention of Remus who jumps through the fire and follows after me. Tonks tries to follow him, but he is too fast. I shift and jump into my wolf body, making it easier to run away from him. He might not be able to shift, like I can, but he is still faster and stronger than a regular human. He is hunting me, I can hear him sniff in the air, following my scent instead of my footsteps. I decide to attack, surprise him with it. I turn around and jump in the air as high as I can, he is close so I come down on him, pushing him to the ground. My mouth is wide open, snarling and showing my teeth to him. “Hermione?” he whispers, making sure no one hears him. “What are you doing?” He tries to push me off but I get a hold of his arm. His eyes turn yellow and he growls, even though he is not my Alpha, he is still one. I let go of him, my ears pinned back as I keep growling. Once again he sniffs. “You have a pact? Who is your Alpha?” Someone is getting closer to us and I shift back, surprising Remus with my look. “Stupify,” I hiss in the direction of the footsteps. I hit the person right in the chest as I hear a deep groan and someone falls. I send the spell towards Remus, but he is fast enough to throw up a shield. He doesn’t know that I am using it as a distraction. My magic is flowing from my body, the power of the Fiendfyre still coursing through my body, making me stronger than ever. It is a known fact that it takes more magic to deal damage to a werewolf. He sends soft spells back, making it clear that he doesn’t want to hurt me and I take advantage of it. I let one of his spells through my shield, hitting myself in the thigh, creating a cut. The scent of blood fills the air and he does exactly what I expected. “Hermione!” he breathes and steps toward me, coming close enough for my spell to work. “Caligo,” I hiss, quickly shifting my eyes. For a flash second my magic is visible, a mist around us before the spell takes effect and casts us in complete darkness. I can still see enough and hit him with a confusion hex. He looks around confused and I walk away, making my way to the others. The darkness around me is gone and I make sure my magic looks like mist, swirling over the ground. Harry and Ginny are fighting Fenrir, who is only defending himself. Nott, Goyle and Crabb are circling them in the tall grass. I let my mist roll inside the circle. It was fun to figure out what I could do with my magic when it is like this, which is a lot. I can send every spell through them, hitting everyone who is in the mist. Ginny and Harry are throwing spells around, missing or hitting shields. The smell of wet dogs fills my nostrils. Sirius is surprised and shifts back to his human form, walking closer. His hands in the air. I create a Muffliato bubble around us, making sure nobody can hear us, but we can hear them. “Go away, Sirius,” I warn him, letting the bubble shimmer and showing him what I have done. “Why are you here?” He asks. “I’m part of this mission. The Dark Lord chose me.” “Can you hear yourself?!” he sneers. “You are not the Hermione I know.” I scoff, shaking my head. “You never knew me, Sirius. You knew a sad part of me. I thought they were my friends, but they used me and didn’t even appreciate it.” “And now that is not the case? You are wearing a mask, dressed in black and doing one man's bidding.” I growl at him. “Watch out how you talk about him.” “What have you done with Remus? What are you? Are you an Animagus” he asks, sniffing the air and probably smelling him on me. “He is fine, walking around somewhere, a bit confused,” I smirk. “You are cruel, Hermione,” he shakes his hand and steps forward. “I’m cruel,” I laugh. “How does it feel to see him with a woman?”His eyes widen and tries to come up with a response. “He knows, right? You want to jump his bones. Every night you wish that he would fuck you instead of her or maybe a threesome, best of both worlds,” I laugh, almost sounding like Bellatrix, but slightly less crazy. He shakes his head and steps back. I decide to have a bit more fun, and jump towards him, shifting mid air and landing on my four paws. He immediately shifts and I am very pleased to know that I am larger than him. I duck, tensing all my muscles and getting ready to attack him. He whimpers and attacks, taking me by surprise. Fucking dog. He bites my front paw and I howl in pain as his teeth break the skin. I am able to bite his shoulder and fling him off. We fight, I am stronger and faster than him, giving me the advantage. I am hit with a spell in my side, throwing me off and I roll inside the water, soaking me. When I jump up I see Remus glaring at me. “Get out!” he bellows as he falls to the ground to see the injuries on Sirius. I turn and walk away from them, knowing that they both don’t form a real threat, making my way to the other battle that has been going on for a while. I shift back and while walking through the water, trying to keep as quiet as possible, I heal a few wounds on my arms and shoulder. They are still in the small clearing, surrounding it and sending hexes to the middle where Ginny, Harry, Tonks and the twins are standing. Once again, I spread out my magic, ready to strike them. Bellatrix apparates, followed by Fenrir and Nott. Crabb is waiting, sending another spell, trying to hit Harry, but he misses. Just as useless as his son. The fire is still burning around the house and I feel every spell that is sent in it. Instead of draining my magic, it is feeding me. I follow Bellatrix and apparate away, letting darkness curl around me. Bellatrix and Fenrir fly through the house, quickly creating explosions inside. I watch for a second as everyone is standing outside the house, before I apparate away, back to Malfoy Manor. I am dirty and cold, but I use a quick Scourify on myself, making sure I don’t leave footprints behind. Bellatrix is celebrating the mission, telling everything she did. I walk inside the room, finding the Dark Lord’s eyes. There isn’t any anger in them, he is smirking, his hair messy. He is attractive, wearing a button down, top two buttons open  and slacks. He doesn’t look like a teenager, he really looks like a man in his twenties, healthy and getting strong. He is the polar opposite of Draco, maybe that is what is attracting me, nothing reminds me of him. I hate that I am attracted to him, but there is no denying it. I walk forward, smiling. For the first time I am taking the initiative and he knows it. I can feel our bond, clearly weaker than the one I have with Draco, but it is still one I can feel. It pleases him that I walk up to him and he holds out his hand. I take it with my left hand and he tugs me close. “Did you have fun?” he asks softly, caressing my ear. “The best,” I tell him and I can’t even deny it, it was fun to test out my limits and strategy on people I don’t train with. His kiss is short and intense, and I forget who he actually is, he looks and feels young and his kisses are dangerously addictive. He knows what he is doing. With each one I feel more relaxed and comfortable with him. He is not even angry that we didn’t bring Harry with us, just pleased that we made a point and showed our powers a bit. It is early in the morning when I use the Floo back to Spinner’s End. In just a couple of hours I need to be ready on Kings Cross Trainstation to board the Hogwarts Express again. The living room is dark and I think about just crashing on the couch instead of walking towards my bed. I am so tired. I tried to leave earlier, but then they brought out Firewhiskey and the Dark Lord wanted me to stay, pulling me against him, his hands on my body and when he sat down he pulled me along with him. My body is all fuzzy and warm, but Father hits me in the face with a jet of water from his wand. “What the fuck,” I sneer, confused. “You are drunk,” he snaps. “I just came home and you are almost asleep while standing.” “When did you leave?” I ask. “After you helped to burn down that awful building the Weasley’s called a house. They needed a place to stay and I had to come in and tell them that I did not know this was going to happen.” “That sucks, because someone tipped off the Dark Lord that a meeting was happening there tonight,” I shrug, hinting that he did have something to do with it and decide to go to my room. I bump into the door, knowing I will get a bruise on my arm from it. “Hermione?” I turn towards him and my vision is blurry. “Are you done packing for school?” “Yup, goodnight Father.” “Night,” he calls after me. “I’ll use the Floo to go to Hogwarts, I won’t see you in the morning. Safe travels.” “I hate that you can simply use the Floo,” I groan. “I want to use it too.” “Become a Professor and you can,” I know he is smirking and resume my short walk to the bathroom. I take a quick shower, cleaning myself and almost falling asleep under the warm water. I dry my hair with magic, too tired to do anything with it. A hangover and long train ride to Hogwarts don’t mix well. I am late and rushing to be on time to get on Platform 9 ¾, as always it is way too crowded. Parents and students trying to say goodbye and taking forever. I used my new favorite spell on my trunk and shrunk it to fit inside my beaded bag. I am wearing a short, fitting, dark green dress, with a black long sleeved robe and heeled ankle boots. The charm that Narcissa taught for comfortable shoes is amazing, it is as if I have nothing on my feet. I spot my terribly handsome and tall friend, quickly walking up to him. “Blaise,” I greet, smirking, pulling my sunglasses down to wink at him. “Peaches,” he laughs and hugs me. “Hungover?” I snort. “Yup and just a few hours of sleep,” I sound cheerful, but I feel like shit.“Do you also hate it to see other people with their parents, being all sappy and…” Blaise starts. “Acting like a little bitch,” I snort and bump my shoulder into his arm. He nods. We spent a few minutes looking around, before we decided to board the train. Searching for our usual spots. He chuckles. “Look at that,” he points towards a first year student, hugging his parents, tears streaming down his face. “Weak.”“I alway looked forward to going back to school. After finding out that I am a witch, I only wanted to be around magical people who understand,” I lift my lip in a silent snarl. “Didn’t like it with the Muggles?” he asks, his voice truly curious. “I wasn’t allowed to talk about anything magical or school. They acted as if I went to an all girls boarding school. Always trying to seem normal.” “Sucks,” he states and I can only agree with him. Theo and Daphne join us, he raises his eyebrow at me. “Hungover?” “Yup,” I smirk, letting the sunglasses cover my eyes and dull the ache. Theo and Daph sit next to each other on the opposite side of Blaise and me. Just before the train leaves the station, Draco and Pansy join us. Draco sitting next to Theo and Pansy next to Blaise. The bond between us buzzes once again. We are only hours in on our train ride and I am bored out of my mind. The landscape is always nice, but my mind keeps wandering. I keep seeing flashes of the guy I killed or how I watched the Burrow go up in flames. The headache is also not clearing up, the sun is too bright and the train too hot. I want to take off my robe, but the dress has short sleeves and I would reveal my Mark, so not something I can do. “What’s up with you?” Blaise asks, nudging me in the ribs. “Knock it off, Blaise. I’m hungover and this is taking forever. Why can’t we just use the Floo, my Father is one of the Professors, that should count for something,” I growl. Before he can say anything else the whole compartment becomes pitch black. Immediately my eyes shift and I notice the glowing eyes of the others too. “What the fuck. Blaise, did you do something?” Draco sneers as he stands and looks around. “Will you relax,” I snap, annoyed by his loud voice. “It’s probably just a first-year messing around.” “Come on, Draco. Sit down, we will be at Hogwarts soon,” Pansy drags his butt down on the bench. I place the sunglasses in my hair and wait for my eyes to adjust back to the light. Slowly more colors come back until my vision is normal again. Draco is tense, wearing a suit instead of his robes, we are allowed to wear anything we want as long as we are not in class, but a suit is a bit extra. I can already see that he is even paler than usual, but I refrain from saying anything. I probably looked like shit in the beginning when I got a task, his task is literally so he can fail and the Malfoys get punished. “Hogwarts, what a pathetic excuse for a school,” he sneers. “I’d pitch myself off the Astronomy Tower if I had to continue for another two years.” Before I can ask him about it, Pansy does. “What is that supposed to mean?” she sounds just as shocked as I feel. “Let’s just say I don’t think you’ll see me wasting my time in Charms class next year.” The urge to reach over and touch him is killing me. I want to help him, comfort him, but I literally can’t. We might be the only younglings to be marked, it doesn’t mean that there aren’t any other people who are loyal to the Dark Lord. I stare at the black stone on my finger, hating it more every second I look at it. It feels like the darkness inside pulses along with my heartbeat, or it has its own heartbeat. Blaise snorts at Draco.I shove him a bit. “Stop laughing at him,” I hiss. “I’m not laughing at him,” he holds his hands in mock surrender. “Have you seen the state of the wizarding world? I don’t know if any of us will be at school next year.” I have to admit, which I won’t do outloud, but I have wondered the same. What will the Dark Lord do when Dumbledore is dead? What is his next move? Killing Dumbledore is a statement, it is a turning point, it will start the war. Two armies across from each other or is it a silent overtake with a limited amount of deaths? So much can change within a year. We all look up as we hear something above us. I can smell him, and curse him to the moon and back. Why is Harry laying on top of the shelf for luggage? Why does he always have to put his nose where it doesn’t belong? Our conversation shifts to a safer topic, weddings, apparently. “Daphne, Hermione, when will we be looking at wedding dresses?” Pansy asks, changing it to her favorite topic of the last few weeks. “I don’t have a date set yet,” I try to focus on the conversation, but knowing Harry is listening in on it makes it very difficult, rumors will spread if he talks about my engagement. Everyone noticed the distance between me and Draco last year and now Pansy is getting married to him. They might wonder who I am going to marry.  “We should start early, I brought magazines,” Daphne rummages through her expanded bag and pulls out multiple stacks. We still have an hour left on the train, so why not. I grab one of the magazines and start flipping through it. I lean more toward Blaise, so he can watch along. “This would look good on you,” he points to a form fitting dress, which looks a lot like my silver Christmas dress. “No,” I laugh. “Not doing that again, I was scared that the straps would slip off and expose me,” not to mention that Draco left me in the library with that dress on. “That one,” Blaise tries again, pointing to a fluffy princess dress. “Do you want me to drown in tule?” I shake my head and show the picture to the others. “Maybe I will make a statement, marry at night in a black dress and we get drunk. That sounds like fun.” Pansy looks at me shocked. “You are not really going to do that, right?” I shrug. “I never liked following rules,” I smirk. For the next ten minutes I listen to a rant about why I can’t get married at night, in a black dress. Apparently my wedding will be the event of the year, beside her marriage of course. She wants to get married outside and enlarge the ballroom to fit even more people inside. We have to watch her come down the grand staircase and Draco has to see her for the first time so we all can see his reaction. I take just a moment, only a few seconds, to create an image of myself walking down those stairs in a loose flowy white dress, with a veil following behind. Draco dressed in black along with all our friends in matching colors. He looks up at me, his eyes going wide. “Daph, where will you get married,” Pansy interrupts. “Nott Manor, I guess,” she looks a bit sad about that. “What is wrong with Nott Manor?” I raise my brow and look at Theo. Draco is zoned out, completely not aware of the whole conversation, but I don’t know how long he has been sitting like that. Staring to the other side of the train and building his mental walls. “Nothing is wrong with Nott Manor,” Theo defends his home. “Maybe it is a little rough looking on the outside, but the inside is fine.”“Rough looking?” Pansy wants an elaborate explanation. I know marriage is kind of a safe subject, but it is not like I am really looking forward to becoming the official Mrs. Riddle. He might look better than before, it doesn’t change that he is actually an old man, who wants to marry me when I am not even of age. I glance again at Draco and wish our lives would be different. I would give the world to see him happy even if it is not with me. We all are too troubled for our age and I wish for my Time Turner back. I haven’t figured out at which point I should change it, but maybe I will someday figure it out. Blaise is flipping through magazines and I rest my head against his arm, listening to him ramble on about what he likes in a dress and what not. His voice is soothing and I don’t know when my eyes fall closed. “Wake up,” Blaise nudges my head. “You have to change, we are nearly there.” I fight the urge to rub my eyes, since I don’t want another lecture about getting wrinkles from Pansy. I grab my bag and quickly change in a bathroom stall. “How’s the hangover, party girl,” Blaise teases. “I’m never going to drink again,” I grumble to him. Draco remains seated as we all start to gather our stuff and are ready to get off this train. I could say something to him about it, but I don’t, I need to learn and let go of him. Harry should know better than to spy on us. The train comes to a stop and I am all too eager to jump out. I stretch on the platform and walk towards the gates, Pansy walking next to me. “Are you okay?” she asks. “Of course I am, Pans,” I smile, pushing away the negative feelings. “Why wouldn’t I be?” “Because I am marrying Draco and we talk about it,” she is clearly sorry about it, but we both know it can’t be changed. “I am happy for you both,” I grab her hand, walking together to the carriages pulled by Thestrals. “If it had to be anyone but me, I would always choose you.” She smirks at me. “We could also ditch the men and get married together,” holding up our joined hands. Our little group laughs, it is the only thing we can do, make fun of our fucked up situations. We sit in our usual formation at the table, only a bit further to the back, seeing as we are sixth years now. After the sorting Harry walks in, his face and shirt covered in blood. Clearly those two had a fight. Dumbledore takes the podium and starts to speak. “Very best evening to you all. First off, let me introduce the newest member of our staff, Horace Slughorn. Professor Slughorn, I’m happy to say, has agreed to resume his old post as Potions Master,” everyone turns to me, seeing as we haven’t seen my Father yet. At that moment, one of the side doors opens and my Father takes a seat at the Professor’s table, he looks for me and nods when he finds me glaring at him. “Meanwhile, the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts will be taken by Professor Snape,” the applause for him is a lot less than for the new professor. Maybe I still have some alcohol inside of me because I decide to cheer, to compensate for the lack of applause from the other houses. Blaise and Theo are all too happy to join me. “Woohoo!! Yeahh!” fills the Great Hall. Ron and Harry glare, and I happily flip them off before turning my back to them.. “As you know, each and every one of you was searched upon your arrival here tonight. And you have the right to know why. Once there was a young man, who, like you sat in this very hall, walked this castle’s corridors, slept under its roof. He seemed to all the world a student like any other. His name? Tom Riddle.”Whispers break out all around the hall, even among our table, but I can only stare at Dumbledore. He is trying to gauge our reactions, but I won’t give him that satisfaction. I ignore the pulsing on my finger. It is great to hear “Today, of course, he is known all over the world, by another name. Which is why, as I stand looking out upon you all tonight,” he looks at me. “I’m reminded of a sobering fact. Every day, every hour, this very minute, dark forces attempt to penetrate this castle’s walls. But in the end, their greatest weapon is you,” another meaningful look at me, which I ignore. “Just something to think about. Now off to bed, pip-pip.” The tables are cleared and we form a line to go back to the dungeons. Instead of going to the corner of the Common Room, we walk up to the boys dorms and find Draco in bed. He is fast asleep and I let myself watch him, observe him, trying to remember every inch of his face. I love watching him sleep, he looks so peaceful, no frown, no smirk, everything is relaxed. It makes him look so innocent. His body is curled around a pillow, the sheets bunched around his middle, showing a lot of his pale flawless skin. “I gave him something to sleep,” Father walks in. “He was worrying a lot and didn’t sleep a lot the past few days.” “You could have told me that you got a new position,” I interrupt him. He looks surprised. “I didn’t think you would care about that, sorry,” he grimaces as he apologizes. “Anyway, if any of you have trouble sleeping, I can help, but I will check in on you all. No one will be brewing potions,” he glares at me, to which I roll my eyes. “You should all go to bed, it is already late and school starts tomorrow.” The next morning, Draco is still quiet, but at least tells us that he kicked on Harry’s face and broke his nose. He even smirks a little. We start the morning with Potions like before, but this time with the new Professor. He is nice, he is explaining about the three potions he brewed, until he is interrupted by Harry and Ron walking in. “Ah, Harry my boy, I was expecting you.” I roll my eyes and Blaise catches me, nudging me with a smirk. The Professor wants to continue with his explanation of the potions he brewed this morning, but once again is interrupted by the two late comers. This time they are childish enough to fight over a book. “Any ideas what these might be?” he asks as he removes the containment spell on one of them . I sniff the air and I am overwhelmed by the smell of sex, as if it clings to every surface in the classroom. I feel my eyes wanting to shift and push my wolf side forward, I struggle to keep control. My first urge is to look over to Draco, just to make sure we are not naked and this is a weird dream fantasy of mine. We are all dressed and even pinching my arm doesn’t help. There is more than just sex, I smell books, old ones, with thick parcement, learther binding and I smell spearmint toothpaste. I sniff again. Yes, it is exactly that special kind of toothpaste which has matching gum in the same scent. It is that one brand that Draco is obsessed with and made me try when I slept in his room. The first time he wanted me to try it, he held me down on the bed and used his tongue to open my mouth and make me taste it. Which ended in sex, rolling between the books that were spread out from when we were studying before.The scent also reminds me of sex in the library, here at school or at the Manor. I squeeze my thighs against each other, a movement which Draco notices, since he is staring at me. His eyes burning with desire and for just a moment I want to fall to my knees and beg him to fuck me, here and now. I want him, I miss him, I need him. Our bond is pulling us towards each other, I can’t think about anything else. It is just like the end of the ritual where I craved him, where only his body could cool mine down. Blaise grabs my arm and physically pulls me back, Theo doing the same with Draco, but I can’t keep my eyes off him. Desire pumping through my body, my panties are ruined. “Peaches!” Blaise calls out. “I smell those peach tarts from dessert.” The scent is gone from the air, but I can still feel the need, the burning of desire coursing through my body. Blaise is stopping me from caving to that animal desire, his wand is at my thigh and sends a series of stinging hexes through me, luckily strong enough that I don’t moan, and snaps me out of the obsession. I turn around, holding his wrist up and away from my body. For a moment his eyes glow up, but he pulls back. “I had to do something,” he hisses in my ear. “You were ready to jump him and he you. People were watching.” I inhale deeply, trying to get a grip on myself again, but my wolf is struggling, there is literally an animal that needs to get close to him. I build mental walls and shove the desire away. What is wrong with that potion, Amortentia should not create such a reaction. I raise my hand, I’m so done with this class and I need to get out of here. “Yes, Miss?” he addresses me.“Snape, Sir. Hermione Snape,” I am too horny, so instead of being a bitch to get out of class, I try a different approach, a wide grin taking over as I walk over to the front of the class and bend forward, making the skirt move up my ass, not showing anything, but the hint is clear. I moan as I inhale deep. “I smell the library, filled with thick and hard… books,” I emphasize the words and I hear chuckling from behind me, another deep breath. “I smell the scent of sex, you know the one, sweat and desire mixed together,” people are laughing, but I focus on one sound, someone is holding their breath and grinding his teeth. “Lastly, this spearmint toothpaste, the one with matching gum,” as I say it I look at Draco, who quickly looks at the ceiling. “Miss Snape…” the Professor stutters. “That was highly inappropriate. I want to see you after class to discuss your detention” “The potion is Amortentia,” turning my voice back to normal, annoyed that he didn’t kick me out immediately. “The most powerful love potion of the whole world. It’s rumored to smell differently to each person according to what attracts them. I gave you my examples, which are quite normal for horny teenagers. It doesn’t create real love, only a powerful infatuation or obsession,” I look over the other potions, recognizing them with ease. “That one is Polyjuice Potion and the other one is Veritaserum, the truth-telling serum.” I step back, smirking and Blaise shakes his head, but a smile is tugging at his lips. This is the first time I use this kind of behavior in front of the class, but I don’t care. Why is this Professor not kicking me out, he already looks weak. “I smell peaches, or is that just you?,” he whispers in my ear, making me roll my eyes, but I don’t answer him. Multiple girls are walking towards the Amortentia cauldron, taking deep breaths, trying to smell it again. The Professor covers it quickly with a lid and not only the charm keeping in the scent. Pansy is one of the girls, and quickly takes back her spot in our row. I’m curious as to what she smelled. “You haven’t told us what that potion is,” a Ravenclaw asks. I watch as he unscrews it. “What you see before you, ladies and gentlemen, is a curious little potion, known as Felix Felicis. But it is more commonly referred to as..” “Liquid luck,” I blurt, surprised that he is allowed to show it to us. Father told me it wasn’t in the school syllabus, since it can be abused easily. “Yes, Miss Snape. Liquid luck, 10 points for Slytherin. Desperately tricky to make, disastrous should you get it wrong. One sip and you will find that all your endeavors will succeed, at least until the effects wear off.” This makes Draco raise his head. “So this is what I offer each of you today. One tiny vial of liquid luck to the student who, in the hour that remains manages to brew an acceptable Draught of Living Death, the recipes for which can be found on page ten of your books. I should point out, however, only once did a student manage to brew a potion of sufficient quality to claim this prize. Nevertheless, good luck to you all.” I grab the ingredients, knowing I will perfect this brew. I made my own potions last year with the same ingredients and I spent the summer perfecting my Potion skills. I am almost ready to be a Potions Master. Draco is glaring at his book while he works, it will be a close call between us two. I read the recipe and add a few tips and tricks my Father taught me to enhance the power of a potion. Seamus shoots a Sopophorus bean through the classroom, nearly hitting me in the head, but my wolf instincts take over and I am able to catch it and throw it back. He tries to catch it, but he stares at me and drops it in his potion and it explodes. Vincent and Gregory can leave early since their potion was too dangerous to continue. Every minute more and more people stop their brewing because it failed. In the end it is only Harry, Draco and I. They all get tested and somehow, Harry Potter manages to brew a better potion than me. How did he do that? I had my Fathers lessons. Wait until my Father hears about this. Harry grabs the bottle out of the Professor's hand and the class is dismissed. Draco is eying the potion, probably thinking about how he could use it for his task. All I want to do is get out, but I wait for the room to be empty so I can talk with Professor Slughorn about my detention. “Miss Snape, that behavior was unacceptable in class. I get that teenagers can smell certain things, but keep them to yourself and don’t whore yourself out to your peers,” I am surprised by his word choices. “Whore myself out?” I question him, while toying with the ring on my fingers.  “It was clear that something was up with you and you wanted to get out of class by behaving badly. Part of your punishment was staying here. The next part is a week off detention. I already saw that you are great with potions, so you will be helping me prepare for this week's lessons each night after dinner.” “Can’t you give me a report to write on a subject or something?” I ask. “No, I won’t. Now, carry on to your next class. I will write you a note why you are late.” He writes it on a piece of parchment and hands it to me, I grab it with my left hand. “How did you get that?” he asks, nodding to my hand. I raise an eyebrow. “It’s my engagement ring,” and turn away, done with this class already. While walking towards the next class I decide to take a little detour, not ready for Charms yet. I slip inside an empty bathroom and lock the door. The need is still curling inside of me. I caress my thigh, going higher until I find my soaked panties. With a wave of my other hand I add a silencing charm to the room. I am still leaning against the door, right in front of me are the sinks, with mirrors above it. The distance creates the opportunity to see the top of my thighs. While I keep looking at myself in the mirror I slip my hand inside of my panties, gliding through my wet slit. My mouth falls open. It has been too long since I have given myself an orgasm and I need one, desperately. I circle my clit, putting just enough pressure on it. I tug my skirt up, now able to see everything I do to myself and it is the biggest turn on. My fingers sink inside my hot core, slowly pumping and my other hand takes over on my clit. The orgasm is coming fast, my legs tremble and I need to bite my lip to not moan loudly. While watching a flush take over my body I imagine Draco, leaning against the sinks, watching me pleasure myself. His stormy gray eyes burning with desire as he focusses on my cunt. My own scent fills the air and it is deliciously sweet, mouth watering. I pull my fingers back and they glisten with my juices. Peaches. They are right, I do really taste like them. I suck my fingers clean, slipping them back inside me. Why does this feel so fucking good. I grind against my own fingers, hunting down my own orgasm. I choke, Draco’s name on my lips as I let myself come, everything tightens inside of me and I feel how incredibly tight I feel around just two of my fingers. I watch myself get down from my high, my legs are spread, black lace panties pushed to the side to reveal my wet cunt, my cheeks flushed, mouth open and my eyes large and doe like. I look sexy and it takes a minute to fully come back to my senses. Luckily it took probably just around five minutes to come, but I am still very late for class. I rush over to the sink, wash my hands and cunt before using a drying spell on myself. My magic swirls around my body, straightening my clothes again and taming my hair. With a cooling charm on my cheeks I quickly walk towards the next class. “You are late,” Professor Flitwick reprimands me. “Professor Slughorn wanted to see me after class,” I hand him the note and take my seat, my body still buzzing. I grab the necessary items from my bag and look over to Blaise, who is smirking and looking at me. “How was Professor Slughorn?” he winks. “He gave me detention for a week,” I tell him, trying to focus on the class. “That won’t be bad, I guess,” he whispers. “He wants me to help him prepare for classes, so it could be worse,” I tell him, while copying the information on the board. “Feels fun,” he remarks. I look over to him, clueless to why he is not letting go of the subject. He is raising his eyebrows suggestively. “What do you mean?” “It felt like you had fun,” he smiles and I look around, everyone is covering their mouths to not laugh. Still not understanding, Pansy leans over. “We could feel it through the bond.” Realization hits me like a rock. “Guys, no, I didn’t. Gross,” I try to franticly explain that I didn’t have sex with that old and creepy man. “I took care of it myself, in the bathroom,” I tell them, my cheeks burning again and quickly wave a cooling charm on my entire body. “What?” Theo asks way too loudly. “Is there something you want to share or ask, Mr Nott?” Flitwick asks. He waves his hand. “Sorry Professor, I just realized something, sorry for interrupting.” Flitwick frowns, but turns away from us, continuing with his lesson. “You could feel everything,” I whisper.“Yeah, it was intens,” Blaise snickers. Daphne reaches over to me, “Don’t worry, next time check the bond. It was really hard to focus on the lesson.” “Sorry,” I mutter and know I was too desperate to come and didn’t check my mental walls. Oh, no does this mean that the Dark Lord could feel me? Shit.The rest of the day is filled with teasing me, and I deserve it. We all know that it is possible to send emotions through the bond and apparently I did that to an extreme. The only one not teasing me is Draco, he is still tense, not looking at me or saying anything. After dinner I walk towards Father’s chambers and browse his books. I have multiple tasks for myself at school, I want to figure out what is wrong with this ring and I need to find a way to help Draco. His own collection is of no use and I already knew it, I know almost each book he has and most of them are focussed on potions, not surprisingly. “Hi,” I greet him, the moment he opens his door. “How was school?” he asks as he removes his robe. “Potions suck,” I tell him. “Somehow, Potter was able to brew a better potion than me and I used your tips.” “He is awful at potions, why is he even taking that class?” he raises his brow. “I know,” I agree. “Slughorn let him in, even the Weasel,” I pull up my lip in disgust. “Not that I don’t like to see you, but what are you doing here?” he sits down in his chair with a deep sigh. I prepare tea for us both and join him, sitting on the couch while stirring my cup. “Multiple things,” I tell him. “It was the first day of school and Draco is already losing it, I need to help him. Secondly, I need a note so I can search the Restricted Section in the library.” He watches me and decides to start with the last thing. “For what reason would you need to be in the Restricted Section, did you get a task you didn’t tell me about?” I hold up my left hand. “There is something wrong with this ring and I need to figure it out. It has dark magic, but I swear, sometimes it feels like it has its own heartbeat and it feels like it is pulsing on my finger.”He looks at the ring while he conjures a piece of parchment and let’s a quill write the note. “I will look into it as well. Did you know that Narcissa came by my house, the last day of the summer break?” I frown. “No, I left in time to get on the train.” “Luckily we set up those wards and I was warned in time and I was there when she knocked.”I raise my brow in a silent question, wanting for him to continue. “For what reason would she come to my house?” he wonders out loud, trying to make me answer his unasked question. “I don’t know,” I counter him and sip my tea. “She even brought Bellatrix, a person who I absolutely would not invite into my house. She always doubts my true intentions as a Death Eater, but Narcissa already knows that, doesn’t she?” he stares at me, hoping for some kind of a reaction. “Yes,” I drag out. “She came to me about Draco. He has gotten a task from the Dark Lord,” his eyes are getting even darker and he squints at me. “One, you already know about and it worries you.” “It does,” I agree, not letting go of any information. “Why didn’t you tell me?” he asks angrily. I chuckle, not scared of him. “You think I didn’t want to tell you, I wanted to the second I found out. I tried to help Draco and offer myself, but the Dark Lord does it to punish the Malfoys, for Lucius' failure,” I hiss. “How did he punish you for disagreeing with him?” he stares at me, as if he watches the puzzle pieces fall into place. “Nothing. It’s fine,” I try to deflect, but I can feel the pressure at my temple. I was already prepared, my walls are strong and I once again created a mirrorverse in my mind, filled with useless memories. Just in case he breaks through. “Tell me,” he demands, his anger flaring and I can feel more of his magic brush against my mind. “I told you, it is fine. I can handle it,” I stand up, trying to break his concentration enough, but he knows what he is doing. “That is not why I came here.”“No, but it is something I want to talk about,” he snaps back. “I don’t call this talking,” I sneer as the pressure around my whole head increases. I make sure the bonds are closed off and they won’t feel anything I experience. For the first time I figure out what his tasks during the First Wizarding War were. Skilled Legilimens are rare and he is one of them. They must have used him to break into prisoners' minds and extract every bit of information from them. His magic is wrapping around my head as if it is a strong rubber band, increasing pressure until I snap. I fall to my knees, but keep from begging him to stop. I won’t beg, I can handle this, this can be extra training. My walls start to crumble and I am not fast enough with rebuilding them before everything falls down and I let go of the useless memories. He is rough and searches through my mind, searching for a system I use to divide my memories. “Please, don’t,” I groan. “You don’t need to see..”“Tell me,” his voice echoes through my mind, intensifying the already existing and awful headache.  The memories flash through my mind, I watch them all in slowmotion. The two Killing Curses don’t work and then the slash. Slowly the blood appears and starts to run down his throat, soaking in his dirty shirt. His hands clawing at his throat, trying to close the wound. The blood runs through his fingers, over his arms and drips off his elbows. I watch as the man falls to his knees, while remaining eye contact with me. Slowly the life seeps out of them, becoming duller, but he keeps struggling while death is taking him. Tears mingle with the smears of blood on his face from his hands frantically trying something to stop the bleeding. I watch as the last drop of his life leaves his body, his eyes turning to unseeing and he falls forward. “No,” Father gasps. “You didn’t.” He pulls out of my mind and leaves me scrambling to rebuild Occlumency and push the thoughts away, locking them in a dark corner of my mind. Anger builds inside of me. “Why did you do that?” he asks, sitting in front of me, on his knees. I finish my Occlumency in record time and glare at him. “The Dark Lord forced me,” I snap. My emotions are thundering against the locked door inside of my mind and it takes a lot of strength to keep them there. He looks at me warily as I get up, ready to leave. “Why didn’t you tell me? You can’t keep secrets like that from me.” I turn around, finger in the air and my anger wants to lash out. One of the few emotions I can still feel in full force are mostly negative. Without my humanity I get angry quickly. “Just because you are my father doesn’t make you privileged to know all my secrets,” I shout. “You always put yourself in danger, I am only trying to help you,” he sneers, standing up and towering over me. “Like you really care about that,” I lash out. “You want to help that pathetic Order, always scheming alongside Dumbledore and playing both sides. It was my Fiendfyre that started burning down the Burrow and apparently you swoop in to help them after. They deserve what they got.” He is glaring at me. “Did it feel good? Did you enjoy it, burning it all to the ground, leaving nothing but ashes behind. To know that they are hurting.” “Yes,” I hiss. “It felt good to give them just a bit of the pain they gave me.” He shakes his head. “Why didn’t you tell me about Draco’s task,” his voice softer. “It wasn’t mine to tell,” I shrug. “You know I need to tell Albus about this, to warn him. It is still our goal to save you all,” he rubs his forehead. “They won’t help us,” I tell him, knowing he is still hoping for it. “We are worth more alive and they don’t care if we die. I bet they are trying to get the others in the Order, to make a little group of spies. Enough back ups for when one of us dies during the war.” “Hermione, they want to fight for a good future. I know that it is difficult to play on both sides and that you are young, that is why I didn’t want you in any meetings anymore, to lower the risk of getting caught. You know you and Draco mean a lot to me, I need to protect you both. When Narcissa came to me and told me about Draco’s task, I made an unbreakable vow with her to keep him safe, to help him with his task,” I can see his emotions, he isn’t hiding it from me, but something stands out. “Wait,” I interrupt him. “You didn’t want me in Order meetings? I thought the others didn’t trust me anymore.” “We had a vote and I voted against you,” he is not done. “It was quite divided but I held the deciding vote.”“And you voted against me,” I can’t believe him.“To keep you safe, going to meetings puts you in more danger. The Dark Lord was watching you constantly, he was obsessed with that map you made, he is obsessed with you and I need to protect you from him.” I want to scream. “Protect me from him? I am fucking engaged to him! Why did you never tell me he was watching that map so often? I could have protected myself more, do you know all the things he can see on that map?” I shriek. “Do you think he didn’t tell me how often you and Draco sneak off? He would torture Doloris if she didn’t break the two of you apart. He wants you, Hermione and he is very dangerous. Everytime you defend Draco, he will punish you both, harder and worse each time.” “So what do you want me to do?!” I ask exasperated. “Act normal, be a good student. You are drawing the wrong attention or did you think I won’t know if you got detention and why?” “That had nothing to do with acting out, I needed to get out there. There was something wrong with that potion, it was way too strong,” I try to explain. “I checked that potion, it was a normal strength, maybe even a little weak. It was the bond between you and Draco, it doesn’t help that you are both wolves. You get drawn to each other and you need to fight against it.” “You think I am not fighting against it? I try, okay, I’m fucking trying,” I growl. “I know, Hermione, I know,” he pulls me towards him, wrapping his arms around me. “And I am sorry for the position you are in. Draco means the world to you, everyone knows that, the Dark Lord knows that. He uses him against you. He gets what he wants and I didn’t have a choice when he told me he was going to get married to you. I could only ask if he would wait until you are of age, to marry him. He threatened me, he would torture you and I know he would.” I snort. “Do you think those few weeks made a difference?” I snap. “It doesn’t, he wants to touch me all the time soon he will fuck me and I will allow him. He can claim my mind, my body but he will never get my heart. I knew it from the moment you told me I was going to get engaged. I knew you would not find a way to get me out, I knew the Order would not help and that is why I don’t care about Dumbledore dying. I could just Avada him in the Great Hall, not caring that everyone would see it. I am the most powerful fucking witch in this school. I’m not fucking scared.” “Don’t say those things, you are not a killer.” My magic sparks around my fingers in anger. “I am! I killed that man and watched. We both know it is the first of many,” I create distance between us, growing more restless. “No, I will prevent it,” he is stubborn. “You won’t,” I shout and the glass around me shatters. “You can act like a Father and you are biologically mine, but you didn’t raise me. You skipped that part, gave me to other people to raise, denying me my own identity. I always wondered why I was different and people didn’t like me. I was so fucking lonely and a weirdo. I came here, finally surrounded by the same kind of people and once again I was the weirdo, the Mudblood trying to prove herself. That is all your fault, because you couldn’t handle the responsibility,” I turn around stalking out of his chambers.
  
    Chapter Text
    It has been a week, I finished the detention and it wasn’t that bad. I got to zone out and prepare multiple potions and check the inventory. The most difficult thing was not stealing ingredients. I’m still not speaking to my Father, he believes the best thing to do is keep distance from Draco but it is not that simple. He doesn’t know how it feels to be bonded like us, it is a constant pulling and aching. But I do keep my distance, choosing to spend more time with Blaise. We have the same classes and he is easy to be around. We finish our homework early and prepare for the following day. In the nights we sneak outside to walk around, switching between our human and animal forms. It is easy to avoid the unpleasant conversations with him, we talk about everything and anything, as long it doesn’t involve war, dark magic, the Dark Lord or torture. “So what do you want to do today?” Blaise is laying with his head in my lap. It is Saturday and most people are visiting Hogsmeade, but we stayed behind. I am leaning against a tree, reading a book. I look down at him. “This,” I shake my book. “Really, just reading?” he asks skeptically. I nod and return to the page I was reading. “What can I do while you read?” he pouts. I shrug. “Hermioneeeeeee,” he begs. I close my book, tucking in the green leather bookmark. “What do you want, Blaise.” “I don’t know, something fun,” he pushes his bottom lip forward, along with puppy eyes. “Can we fly?” I scrunch my nose. “I don’t like flying,” I look down at him and sigh, once again. “Okay, let’s go.” He jumps up. “Are you serious?” he laughs, bouncing on his feet. I hold out my hand for him to pull me to my feet. “I only want to change my clothes,” looking down at my skirt. He pulls me along and I get excited from his enthusiasm. I pull on a set of leggings and a matching long sleeved shirt. We grab two brooms from the shed. He kicks off and speeds into the sky, circling around the Quidditch ring. “Fuck it,” I breathe and take off. The broom is very responsive and I really need to get used to it. My hands are freezing right away and I am gripping the handle with all my might. “You are amazing!” Blaise calls out and flies next to me. “Hermione, the brightest witch of the world and a daredevil.” I snort and adjust my posture, matching his. He is only holding the handle with one hand, sitting right up and even leaning back, his heels tucked back. “Relax, peaches, you are doing amazing. If we are lucky we will see the Slytherin tryouts for Quidditch later today.” “Is Draco trying out?” I can’t keep from asking. He shakes his head. “Neither is Theo, I think we all have different priorities this year.” I don’t even respond to him, once again avoiding the truth of our lives. We spent over an hour in the air and I am enjoying myself. He teaches me little tricks and really helps me get comfortable. I feel frozen when we step off and put back the brooms, but also very refreshed. We walk in the Common Room, joining the others who are back from Hogsmeade. “What have you two been up to?” Pansy asks. “Flying,” Blaise smirks, stretching. “Hermione doesn’t fly,” Draco states, taking me by surprise, because he hasn’t mentioned or talked directly to me since school started.“She does now,” I answer, before Blaise can. Draco looks up and takes in my windswept hair, my flushed cheeks and my clothing. He doesn’t reply, but his eyes go distant as he uses Occlumency and looks away. I ignore it and warm my hands in front of the fire. “How was your day?” I ask the others. I listen to their stories, blocking out Draco. I take a shower and change my clothes before we go to dinner. I wear a tight black skirt, and a black long sleeved shirt, my favorite kind of clothes. We all walk together to the Great Hall for dinner. I am chatting with Pansy and Daphne about a skirt I saw in one of Daph’s magazines. Flying made me tired and I am suppressing a yawn during dinner. An owl comes swooping down and I look up just in time to stretch out my arm for Achilles. He has a piece of parchment on his leg and I untie it for him, not reading it yet. I scratch his head as he hops on my shoulder and I feed him some chicken. Draco is watching the letter, but doesn’t comment and I don’t offer an explanation. I open the letter, careful that no one is reading along with me. Hermione, I need to see you. Just us two. Dumbledore is not in his office until after dinner. If you leave early you can use the Floo. Padfoot. I follow the feeling of eyes burning into me and meet the gaze of my Father. His fingers are touching his lips, something he often does when he is thinking or staring. Anger flares as I remember that he is the reason why I am not invited to Order meetings anymore, cutting me off from Sirius. I stand up, helping Achilles to get on my arm and take off again, after a kiss and another piece of chicken from my plate. “I need to go,” I tell the others and don’t wait for their replies. The second I am out of the Great Hall I cast the disguise charm on myself for the map the Dark Lord has. It will look like I am just walking through the castle and he won’t know I am gone. I run towards Dumbledore’s office, I don’t waste time as I grab the Floo Powder and throw it in the fireplace. “Grimmauld Place,” I call out. The flames warm my body and I step out in a known room, Sirius stands up from the couch. “You are here,” he breathes, stepping close to me and I smell the Firewhiskey on his breath. My eyes move to the table in the corner of the room, where I know he keeps a bottle of very expensive Firewhiskey, among other alcohol. “You are staring at my booze,” he starts. “I guess I can offer you a glass,” he chuckles softly. “All good evenings start with Firewhiskey,” I state, still on my guard. I watch him nod in agreement. He walks over to the table and conjures another glass, I observe him. He is wearing a long dark green robe with embroidered swirls on it. It is beautiful and it reminds me of my magic. The tread of the swirls is a delicate gold. His long, voluminous wavy hair looks so soft, like he just washed it. It smells like a combination of earth tones with wood, very manly. A smell that gets your knickers all wet thinking about it. He might think I just came here without thinking, but I know all the risks of being here, I just don’t care and I know I can hold up myself in a fight. He turns around and catches me staring, but he doesn’t look away from me, he keeps holding my gaze when he hands me my glass of Firewhiskey with one cube of ice. I lift my glass a bit, as a silent toast, and drink the burning liquid. His dark eyes never leave my face while he takes a sip, and lets a sigh leave his lips. My eyes are immediately drawn to the sound and I watch the glistening of Firewhiskey on his lips. Clearly my weird attraction to him is not gone, maybe it has even gotten worse since I don’t have sex currently. My fingers are helpful and it is fun to try out the different bathrooms, I even used the bath in Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. But it is not the same as sex, not as satisfying. His beard is trimmed, just enough to be decent, but still longer than other men would have it. I bet he does it just to be different, to be cool. Well, fuck, it works. I let my tongue catch a lost drop from the middle of my lip. His eyes follow the movement like a Hippogriff watching his prey. I feel how my blood starts to heat and spread through every centimeter of my body. “Shall we sit in the kitchen,” he suddenly asks, and without waiting for an answer he leaves me behind. “Sure,” I mutter and quickly follow him to the kitchen. He sits down at the short end of the table and instead of sitting in the chair closest to him I decide to sit a bit further away. I see a flash of wonder go through his eyes. He probably thought I would want to sit close to him after just a few intense stares. He can work for it if he wants something. “So how is school?” he asks and pulls another bottle of Firewhiskey out of a cabinet, while leaning back in his chair. He slides it over to me. . I snort. “Are you really interested in my academic skills?” I roll my eyes as I refill my glass, adding more than I should. “Well, i just want to know if you are alright,” he offers softly and his eyes meet mine again. “Oh, you know how it goes,” I start and take a large sip. “I wake up, have breakfast at the Slytherin table, follow classes, do homework,” I start off nice, but quickly change to the real answers. “Live with constant pain, learn some more Dark or Ancient magic to become a weapon and ready for war. The usual.” He tries to hold my stare when I finish my second drink, but the moment I use wandless magic to refill it again he looks away. I try to enjoy the burning feeling in my throat. I remember in the beginning I could feel the burn of one sip for an hour, but now it only lasts a few short minutes. “So, let’s not talk about school,” he suggests and I smile. “Do you have any news?” I open my mouth and talk about some bullshit, but before I can say a word he adds: “That is relevant for the Order?” “Do you really want to play games?” I sneer, making my eyes flash.  “Why did you save me?” he leans forward, resting his chin on top of his hands.So he did know it was me. “I couldn’t watch you die,” I tell him honestly. “You used an Imperius on me, why?” he finishes his second glass and also refills. I shake my head and stare at him. “Couldn’t really shout at you, right. Revealing who I am to every Gryffindor there. It was easy and safe to try it this way,” I shrug, sipping from the drink, knowing I am already drinking too much.  “You got hurt,” it is a statement. “I’m fine,” I tell him. “Are you? You let your Father take away your humanity,” surprising me with his knowledge. I lean forward. “Do tell, how do you know? Did the Order discuss me as a potential threat without my humanity?” He looks away and that is the clearest answer he could give me. “What else has been said about me?” “You are engaged,” nodding to the ring on my left hand. I wait him out, waiting for more information. “Your Father asked me to talk to you.” I did not expect that. “Why?” I am building my mental walls. “He is worried, he is scared for you. He asked me a few days ago, I needed to think about it. I saw how different you are at the Burrow and I needed to think about the risk of asking you here.” I snort. “Because you have Weasleys living here?” I ask. “Yes, among other things. You are a Death Eater, a Slytherin and engaged to Voldemort…” “Don’t say his name like that,” I hiss as pain shoots through my arm and I pull it towards my chest. The urge to soften the pain with alcohol is big, but I decide against it. Still remembering the problems when I had to stop all the potions and alcohol. It was difficult and even more painful than what I experience here. “Why did you do it then, if you only see negative things?” I raise my brow and lean back. “Curiosity and a need. I need to try. I can’t give up on you. You need to know that you can always count on me. I know I didn’t show it before, but I care about you, Hermione. I will always try to protect you and will never attack you during a fight, I can’t. If that gets me killed I am okay with that.” “You know I am a Death Eater, engaged to the Dark Lord and yet here we sit,” I nod to him. “We can send letters again,” he offers. “We can’t, I am being watched all the time,” I counter. “This will be our only meeting, so let's use it well,” letting the options open. “What was your punishment for saving me?” he asks, staring back at me. I remember the pain of breaking bones and later the slashing on my back, but the most painful was still hearing Pansy explain that she will marry Draco and there is nothing I can do. So I tell him, letting him in on a small piece of my pain. “Fuck, Hermione. Why do you always sacrifice yourself? You are way too grown for your age.” I grab another glass of Firewhiskey and refill his glass too. I don’t respond, we both sip the glasses for a while, both lost in thoughts. He pulls me out of my thoughts with his next words. “Maybe you should slow down?” “Why? Am I drinking your supply to survive through your own pain?” I lash out and it is easy to do. This time he snorts, leaning back and pulling open a cabinet to show multiple bottles stashed in the back. “Hardly. You can’t get drunk at school, I know that a hangover sucks extra hard when you have to be in class.” I set down my glass and look up, the alcohol is buzzing through me and I do a quick check on my bonds, making sure they are all blocked. “You sound like my Father,” I tell him. He leans forward, his eyes darkening. “Really, are you really comparing me to Snivellus?” I chuckle at the nickname. “He also likes to tell me what I can’t do.” “Do you like it when someone tells you what to do?” I watch the words spill over his lips. Well fuck, it is not only me who is needy. “Only when it leads to or during sex,” I chew on my lip, staring at him. He stands up, and walks over to me, his hand dragging over the table. “Stand up,” he orders and I rise. We are nearly touching and being so close turns my skin to fire and only someone's touch can lessen the burn. I clench my thigh in anticipation. He leans forward and sniffs. “A black wolf, it suits you,” the mood has completely shifted and I don’t know if we can only blame the alcohol or if we are both searching for an escape from reality, maybe a combination. “A black wolf and the Black dog,” I smirk, looking up at him. He wraps his hand around the nape of my neck, taking control of me. “Ready to get fucked by a Black, little wolf?” he growls as he crashes his lips to mine. “Fuck me, Sirius Black,” I moan and press myself against him. He pins me against the wall and devours me. His hand is in my hair and tugs on it to angle my mouth just how he wants it, his other hand stops at the hem of my skirt. I am not feeling patient so I wrap my legs around him. He squeezes me against him, rubbing my core over his crotch and I can feel his cock straining his trousers. The way he demands me to follow his lead makes me crazy. My panties were ruined the moment I took him in and I hope he rips them up. He kisses up to my ear. “I can smell that needy and wet cunt of you, little wolf,” he nips at my earlobe. “Do you like it rough?” “Yess,” I hiss as he bucks against me, the fabrics between us rubbing my sensitive skin. He holds me pinned to the wall as he pulls back. I watch as his eyes shift in color, becoming a golden yellow. “Do you like doggy?” he smirks. “Fuck, yes,” and I also make my eyes shift, pulling forward the wolf, but keeping the control. My vision sharpens, my skin becomes even more sensitive and an animal need explodes in my body.  He captures my lips again as he grinds against me. I pull on his hair, to make sure he doesn’t stop. I can smell myself, my sweet scent surrounds us, reminding me of how I fingered myself to an orgasm while looking in the mirror. “I want you,” I beg. “Patience, little wolf,” he kisses, sucks and bites my neck, making his way over my collarbone to eventually nuzzle between my breasts. “I want to taste each inch of you.” I growl in frustration and take matters in my own hand, trying to be dominant by undressing him. He only allows it for a moment, before grabbing my wrists and pushing them against the wall, pushing his hips forward to make sure I don’t fall. “Did I give you permission?” he asks, licking his lips. “No,” I breathe. He lets go of my right wrist and I want to drop it to his hair, but it is stuck. I glare at him, mostly frustrated that I didn’t notice the magic wrap around me. He smirks as he grabs his wand and lays the tip on top of my breast, slowly circling over the nipple, moving on to the other side until he suddenly vanishes my shirt. My black bra stands out against my skin. The see through lace cupping my breasts, the cage that is wrapped around my ribs giving the look of a corset. “Fuck,” he groans, resting his face between my breasts. He starts to kiss and pulls one cup down, revealing my hardened nipple. His tongue draws circles around it, flicking it and sending small shocks through my body.I moan and push my chest forward as he sticks my other hand to the wall, using his free hand to massage the other breast, rolling the sensitive little bud between his fingers, using the fabric to stimulate me more. I cry out as he sucks hard on my nipple, making my cunt clench around the outline of his cock. “So sensitive,” he murmurs as he continues the sweet attack on my breasts. I am completely at his mercy, waiting for him to release me. After minutes he shifts his attention back to my mouth, one hand traveling up my left arm. He pulls back and stares at it. “I hate seeing this mark on you,” he murmurs and leans over. His tongue touches the skin just below the skull and I can feel the mark move as he licks over it. Placing kisses over it, as if he is covering it up. “It’s fine,” I tell him, wanting to move on and get fucked. Once again he pulls back, gripping my thighs and unhooking my legs from around him, lowering my feet to the ground. I can still stand, but I can’t move away from the wall. I have to watch as he shrugs off his robe, throwing it over a chair. He turns back to me, letting me enjoy the view of him undoing his buttons. I buck my hips in desperation as I watch his tattooed skin becoming visible. My eyes try to capture every detail from his body, from the trimmed hairs on his chest to every tattoo he has. Some look newer than others, the ink is darker and the lines crisper. My eyes land on a special tattoo, on the part where his neck meets his chest, a series of symbols and numbers. I recognized it immediately, the Azkaban tattoo to identify him. I want to kiss it, just like he kissed my mark. “Sirius,” I beg. He releases me and I step forward, crashing my lips against his, pulling on his hair and moving a hand over his cock. I need this. I kiss his neck, the Azkaban tattoo, suck on it to mark him in a different way. My movements are fast and fuelled by desire. His cock is thick and hard, straining against the fabric of his trousers. I use magic to open the button, quickly lowering the zipper, gaining more access as I slide my hand inside, finally able to grip him. I stroke him, moving my thumb over the tip and gathering a drop of his arousal, I pull my hand back and he watches as I suck on my thumb, tasting him. My eyes fall closed as his taste explodes inside of me, he is salty but combined with his scent of leather it makes it mindblowing. I drop to my knees, pulling down his trousers and boxers in one sweep. His cock springs free and I look up as I open my mouth for him, waiting for him, giving back control. I show him my waiting tongue as I spread my legs further. “Good girl,” he moans and thrusts forward, sliding in my mouth, hitting the back of my throat, making me gag. “No, no,” he groans and pulls back. “You wanted to suck my cock, so you will, little wolf.” I breathe through my nose and relax my throat. He fucks my mouth and I need to get used to his size, my jaw aches, but I ignore it. His hands are in my hair, holding me still and I look up at his golden eyes, his mouth hanging open. “Good girl,” the praises. “So good. Taking my cock in that little mouth.” He pulls back, making me whimper. “Up,” he orders. I stand up and wait for the next order. He looks proud as his thumb moves over my plumb lip. He grabs his wand from the table and removes his trousers and my skirt. Leaving me in my underwear in front of him. “Like what you see?” I purr, turning to show him the back. My panties are made of straps crossing over my skin, holding a small piece of fabric over my core. A quick glance at his weeping cock tells me enough. “You have a tattoo?” he asks, probably saw it when I showed him the back of my panties or when I was on my knees. “Yes,” I smirk, turning fully. He presses his front to my back, wrapping his long hand around my throat and bites my neck, hard. I push my ass against his cock, opening my legs enough for him to slip between them. The tip of him laying between my lips. “I’m going to fuck you on that table, spanking that ass of yours,” he walks forward, pushing my thighs against the wooden table. “Get on,” he growls. He probably doesn’t know or remember my experiences with standing on top of tables, but I ignore it. I am only wearing my heeled ankle boots and the strappy lingerie set. I am sexy, I am hot, he wants to see me like this. I crawl on top of the table, making a little show of it, pressing my ass back before standing up. My hands caress my heated skin as I straighten, spreading my legs and showing off my body to him. He watches me, gripping his cock and spreading out his pre-cum. I turn, showing every part of my body. I lick my lips as I watch him jerk off and I push my hand inside my panties, finally touching my clit, making my body tremble. “On your knees,” he growls, eyes glowing. I follow his order and open my legs for him, showing off the wet fabric between my legs. “I’m going to eat that pussy and you will come on my face,” he tells me and uses a chair to kneel on, while pushing me back so I sit on my ass. I let my legs fall over his shoulders, he pushes his nose in the wet fabric and inhaling deeply. “So sweet,” he moans. His hands move up from my thighs until they reach the straps, he grips them and pulls until they all snap and fall away from my body, revealing my wet slit. He delves in, licking in long strokes to gather the wetness. I let my head fall back, while leaning on my elbow, giving me the option to watch him and have one hand in his hair, pulling him towards me. He dips inside my cunt and we both moan. I grind against his face as he keeps licking and sucking on my sensitive little bud. He looks up, his mouth wet with my juices. “Open up.” I open my mouth and he adds to fingers. “Suck.” I watch him as I do, licking them to get them wet, he pulls them out moving them to my slit. My eyes fall closed as I wait for him to finally enter me. “Look at me, little wolf. Watch my fingers slide in that little cunt of yours, claiming it.” I watch as he pushes inside of me, quickly taking a fast rhythm. The sounds of my wetness fill the kitchen, on the table where he has his breakfast each morning, where he has Order meetings. He adds his mouth to my clit, making me see stars. My moans tumble from my mouth as he pushes me towards my orgasm. “Sirius, I’m so close,” I howl and grind my hips. He growls in response, our animals lingering underneath our skin. “Come for me,” he flicks his fingers over the most sensitive spot inside of me, while sucking hard on my clit. I explode and scream as the orgasm rips through me, I feel my juices drip out of me, but he licks them all up, wasting nothing and extending the waves of my orgasm. “Good girl,” he murmurs between the kisses he places on my thigh. I am laying on the table, legs spread out, finally somewhat satisfied, but I am not done yet. I pull on my strength and get up, I push him on the chair, straddling over him. His hands move over my ass, kneading and lifting me. I grind over his cock, using my juices to make him wet and ready. “I fucking want you,” I breathe before kissing him again. This time he doesn’t need the help of his hand holding my head, I submit to him, allowing him to claim my mouth. I wrap my arms around his neck and lift myself, hovering over his cock, the head nudging my entrance. “Ride me,” he growls, his hands moving to my hips. He pushes me on his cock, impaling me, claiming me, filling me, stretching me. I throw back my head as I savor the feeling. I have never had sex like this, on a chair, I need to shift my feet to have enough strength to push myself up, before sinking down again. He worships my breast as I fuck him, but he is still in control, pushing his cock up and gripping my hips. “I’m going to fuck you all over this house, little wolf. I want every room to smell like your sweetness,” he bites my neck. A shiver runs up my spine as he picks me up and sets me on the table, taking over and thrusting his cock inside of me harder and faster than before. Suddenly he pulls out of me and I whimper at the loss of contact. “Turn around,” he demands. I lay my stomach on the table, he pushes me down, his hand on the snake and filling me again. His other hand lands on my ass, sending a shock of pleasure through me, making me clench around his cock as the heat spreads out. “You like that, getting spanked like a bad girl, making you clench around my hard cock. You like it rough and I am going to give it to you,” he moans. “You will feel me for a week, I will make sure of that.” I push my ass back, meeting his thrusts. My skin rubs over the rough surface of the wood and I drag my nails over it, hopefully leaving behind scratches that will always remind him of this. My ass is burning as he keeps spanking me and massaging the initial pain away, until it only tingles. His hand wraps around my throat as he pulls me up, arching my back as he keeps fucking me. “I would tattoo my star sign on your ass, claiming it as mine, little wolf,” he bites me again, making me tremble and a climax rips through my body, making me cry out his name. He lets go of my throat as I gulp for air, trying to calm the waves of pleasure that is taking over my body, but he doesn’t stop fucking me. “Sirius…” I whimper.“Shhh,” he hushes. “We are not done, I want to fuck you in at least three more rooms. I will take care of you.” He pulls out of me and lets me sit on the table, I lean back on my hands as I watch him. He grabs his wand, setting the tip against my hip. I frown as he starts to draw something, the tip of his wand heating up, leaving behind a red line. “Do you know what I am doing?” he asks, his voice husky. “No,” I admit. “A bit of Black family magic,” he smirks as he looks down on the rune on my hip. “Is it a tattoo?” I ask, curiously.“Navitas,” he taps his wand to the rune and it is as if lightning shoots through my body, filling me with new energy. The rune turns black, really looking like a tattoo. “Rune magic, the rune will be gone after a day, but before that you can activate it and call out the name.” “Awesome,” I breathe. “Does it work with all runes?” “Yes, now where were we,” he steps between my spread legs and seathes inside me. I enjoy him stretching me and slowly drawing circles around my clit, keeping me on the edge of another orgasm. “Next room, next orgasm,” he chuckles and lifts me off the table. I wrap my legs around him and he walks out of the kitchen, through the hall and pushes open a door. The room is pitch black, but with my wolf eyes I can see the rows and rows of books. “Fuck, yes,” I moan. “Do you like that, being fucked, surrounded by books?” he asks, between kisses over my throat until he reaches my mouth. I moan in agreement and he starts to move again, pushing me against one of the bookshelves. “Such stamina,” I breathe. “You must have trained a lot since you came back here.” He nips me. “Actually, I didn’t,” making a statement by thrusting hard inside of me. “Really, am I the first since before?” I know I am asking dangerous questions, but I want to know him better. “Yes and you are so good for me,” he hisses, holding on to one of the shelves, making the books rattle. I curse and moan as he brings me back to the edge of climax within minutes. One hand kneading my ass, his lips demanding to open up for him, his tongue teasing mine. “Are you going to come, little wolf. Are you going to scream my name so prettily, tears falling down that beautiful face?” “Yes, Sirius, fuck,” I gasp. “Do it, come for me,” he sucks on my pulsepoint and I am falling, darkness gathering around me as I tremble and another orgasm takes control over my body. My ears are ringing as my own voice dies down, his name still echoing through my mind. I lean against him and he lets me stand, slipping out of me. “Next room, my bedroom,” he whispers. The energy boost is helping me to find the strength to move, following him. He leads me up the stairs, taking breaks to kiss me and push me against the wall. He catches my lips while we are standing at the last stairs, he pushes me on top of the steps, fitting his body on top of mine. “Just a few minutes,” he whispers and pushes inside me, moving slowly while kissing me. His scent fills my nose, but I can also smell more people. I recognize their similar scents coming from the rooms. I know they are not here, but it does confirm that the Weasley’s are living here. He pulls out and urges me to go up the stairs. There are two rooms, facing each other. The left door has Regular written on it and right has Sirius. He waits for me to move, but I turn towards him. I don’t know what happened to his little brother, but I know a bit. “I’m sorry, about your little brother,” I tell him and look over his chest. I spotted it before the constellation of Leo on his ribs, one star as little beams coming from it. He walks up the last few stairs, leaning over me and making me walk towards his room. His eyes are still golden, but I can see the raw pain in them. I kiss him and open the door, stumbling inside. I open my eyes as he turns on the soft lights. It is as if I stepped inside a Gryffindor dorm room, but more expensive. The bed is huge, maroon sheets and the walls are decorated with Gryffindor flags, posters of motorcycles and pictures. He pushes me to the bed, laying me on top of it. “Fuck,” he growls. “You taste amazing,” burrowing his face between my legs. “Peaches,” I breathe and look at the ceiling. He licks a few more times before agreeing and kissing his way up, while stretching his body over mine. “I want your scent all over my fucking bed, little wolf,” and he nips at my throat.He unclasps my bra with wandless magic and pulls it from my body, tossing it somewhere in his room. He sucks on my nipple, kneading the other, making me dizzy with desire. My body is already aching, but I can squeeze out one more orgasm. “Did you know,” he kisses my throat. “The Blacks are dirty bastards,” he makes his way over my breasts. “I have an idea,” I chuckle. He calls out for his wand, keeping his hand stretched out, waiting for it to come flying into his hand. He catches it with eaze, smirking. “I’m a Keeper,” he teases. “You played Quidditch?” I ask, surprised. Flashes of a younger Sirius come to my mind, dressed in maroon Quidditch robes, his hair growing longer and mischief sparkling in his eyes. He nods, nuzzling my throat. “You like that idea?” “Yes, the robes, so hot,” I whimper. I would fuck him underneath the stands before and after a game, in the showers and on every fucking surface he wants as long as he wears those robes. He drags his wand over my thigh. “All the things I can do to you,” he whispers. “A wand holds so much power, to kill, to heal… to protect and to attack. Lucky for you, I am a Black and like you saw we own a lot of books,” I buck my hips, getting frustrated with his stalling, making him smirk even more. His wand moves over my hips, slowly moving down to my slit. It slides through my wetness, coating his wand. He whispers a spell and while the tip of his wand is touching my clit it starts to vibrate. “Noo,” I gasp as every muscle in my body tenses. “That is not all,” he whispers and sucks on my lobe. I can only whimper and receive his delicious attack on my body. His wand is rough and it stimulates me even more as he moves through my folds. “Do you want to come all over my wand?” he asks, grinding his cock against my thigh. “No,” I growl. “Your cock, please. Sirius,” I moan, bucking and trying to feel more of him. I spread my legs wider and hook my legs around him, feeling him nudge my entrance again. He shifts his attention back to my mouth, taking both my wrists in one hand and holding it above my head. “Fuck, Hermione!” he growls and slams into me, filling me completely in one thrust, starting a hard rhythm. I meet his thrusts, desperate for the last orgasm together with him. We stare at each other as he uses his free hand to move over my chest, tug at my nipples, roll them between his finger, sending little shocks of lightning through my core. I can feel his rough fingertips move up and wrap around my throat.My mouth falls open, moans spilling out as my body starts to tense.“Sirius,” I beg him. “Come for me.” His hand drops to my clit, quickly flicking over it. “Look at me,” he growls.I dig my heels in his ass as I grind against him, clenching as hard as I can, demanding him to spill inside of me. “Hermione!” he calls out and slams into me hard, taking me with him in his orgasm. Tears leak from my eyes as the power of the orgasm takes over, my eyes falling closed while my whole body is buzzing. I can feel his heartbeat hammer against my chest. He rolls to his back, taking me with him and staying inside of me. His breathing is fast, eyes closed and for the first time I see his face relaxed. My eyes fall closed for a second, enjoying the safe feeling in his arms. My body is heavy and I just need a minute of rest. “Hermione?” he mumbles sleepily. “Yeah?” I whisper. “I’m sorry for everything you are going through,” he squeezes me, his cock slipping out of me and I can feel his seed drip out of me, making me giggle. “It’s fine,” I tell him, not wanting to ruin the whole moment by thinking of all the things that have happened to me and all that is to come. “Can I ask you something?” I whisper, probably about to still ruin the mood.He nods, nuzzling in my neck. “Will it always keep hurting to see Draco with Pansy, like you see Remus with Tonks?” My voice is soft and I can’t look at him. He stiffens beneath me. “You are too smart for your own good sometimes. How long have you known about me and Remus?” “Third year, the moment in the Shrieking Shack, I could see your face when you hugged him. That was more than friendship, that was love.” He sighs deeply. “It is very complicated.” “Does he know?” I ask, too curious to let it go. “Maybe, I haven’t told him. I tried, but I am not who I used to be,” he admits. I lift my head, just enough to look at him. His eyes are back to dark gray, reminding me that he doesn’t know that I know who my mother is. So much has happened in the last year. I decide to just go for it. “I hope that after the war you want to tell some stories about my mother,” I give him a small smile. “You know,” he is surprised. “Yes, Father told me, I knew he added a charm to my eyes, protecting me from knowing the truth.” “Smartest witch,” he mumbles and stares as I remove the spell, revealing green eyes. “Fuck,” he curses as he caresses my cheek. “Lils… you look so much like her.” He just looks at me. “Harry looks so much like James and you have the same face along with your Fathers hair. They would hate this current world, hate that you and Harry have to live through another war.” I nod. “Maybe, in the future we will be one big family. You, Harry and me,” I whisper. “James and Lily would kill me if they could see this,” he chuckles. I laugh. “Don’t regret this, please,” I ask him. “I know I won’t.” “I won’t, little wolf,” he toys with the ring on my fingers, frowning at it. I rest for a few moments longer, laying my head back down and enjoying his skin against mine. I doze off. When I wake up he is deep asleep and I get off of him, covering him with the sheets. Smiling at his tousled hair, relaxed face and a last glance at all the tattoos. They tell a story about who he is and what is important for him. The newest tattoo stretches over his ribs, a lily and a set of antlers above it. I make my way back down to the kitchen, finding my shirt and skirt, noticing that I never took off my ankle boots. I can’t find my panties and remember that my bra is upstairs, I don’t bother going back. He can keep them as a reminder. I open the front door, just stepping outside and apparating to the edge of Hogsmeade. The moon is still high in the sky, probably around three o'clock in the night. I use the secret tunnels and make my way towards the dungeons, the cold air pulling my nipples in tight tips. I whisper the password and get inside the Common Room. The fire is still burning and I find Blaise sitting on the couch. “Hi,” I greet him. He looks up from his book. “Hi yourself,” he smiles. “Why are you still awake?” I ask and join him, warming my body back up. “Can’t sleep and I knew you hadn’t returned yet, so I decided to sit here.” I stretch, feeling the tiredness in my body and the first aches starting up. “I’m fine,” I tell him. “You smell,” he raises his brow, not asking anymore questions about it, but we both know that it is not the scent of the Dark Lord. “I’m going to take a shower and sleep. You should ask my Father for help if you can’t sleep,” I let my hand rest on top of his.
  
    Chapter Text
    Another week passes with busy classes, too much homework and too little sleep. I can’t stop thinking about Sirius, it felt so good and so right, for a one time thing. It is difficult to not stay mad at my Father, I know he means well, but the way he makes decisions for me is not acceptable. If he wants us to work together as a team during the coming year and war, he needs to be honest with me and not try to shield me from the bad parts. Everything is bad and I can handle it, I am smart enough to know when I need to focus on facts and not follow my feelings about a matter. I decide to join the others to go to Hogsmeade. I need to live my life a little and doing normal student things is part of that. The weather is awful, but nothing a simple drying spell can’t handle. We all take a seat in the Three Broomsticks, claiming a booth in the far corner from the door. The booth is perfect and gives us an overview of the whole place, something we picked up from all our training and it slips into our normal lives without much thought. Daphne orders us a round of Firewhiskey and smiles brightly, always getting her way even if we are still underage. I find myself wondering, once again, if she might be part Veela. The glasses of liquor are levitated on our table and we clink them as a cheers. Professor Slughorn spots me and comes over to our table. “Miss Snape, how lovely to see you here,” he greets as if we are hundreds of miles away from the school instead of just down the hill. “Professor,” I greet. “I used to throw together the occasional supper party for the select student or two. I would like to invite you. You are a natural in Potions, of course, with Severus being your Father.” “Thank you, sir. I would love to attend,” I smile politely and raise my glass to him. “You are welcome too, Zabini. Excellent work in class,” the Professor nods towards him. “Look for my owl,” and with that he leaves, already spotting Harry and walking over to him. Draco slams back his drink and gets up from the table, stalking over to the restroom. “Someone is jealous,” Blaise smirks triumphantly. I just roll my eyes. Draco’s behavior is still odd and Harry has been watching him like a hawk. He returns shortly after and we stay at the Three Broomsticks until it is almost time for dinner. We make our way back through the rain and wind, while chatting about school. Nothing seems to be out of the ordinary, Draco is walking at the back of the group like often does lately. We are all concerned about him, but he is not opening up to us and I try to keep distance between us. Everyone is whispering in the Great Hall as we take our seats. “Have you heard?” a fifth year whispers to us. “What?” Pansy asked, annoyed to be interrupted by the boy. “Katie Bell has been cursed, she will probably not return to school!” I don’t know if he is happy about that or shocked. “Cursed? How the hell did she manage that? Did Finnigan try a spell on her,” I scoff, earning a chuckle around our group, except from Draco. A feeling of dread fills my body as I look at him and I know. We all feel it and dinner is quiet as we listen to the stories around us. People are exclaiming she is fighting for her life, others say she died but nobody is sure. The owls fly in and Achilles drops a package on my plate, straight into my food, luckily the package is wrapped in brown paper. Achilles hops on my shoulder and nipples on my ear until I give him some of the meat underneath the package. “Impatient bird,” I tell him. There is a note tucked under the twine. Nice ring. -SI recognize the writing, but I don’t know if he is angry with me. I tear off the paper and there are two books, black leather covers and very thick ones. The others are watching me as I open the first one. My eyes widen as I take in the title of the book. The Art of Dark Artifacts. He is not angry with me, he noticed something is wrong with the ring too. Is it related to the Black family or is this one of the rare books you can only find in private book collections from Pureblood families? I put the book in my bag, careful to not show what kind of book it is and from which family. I grab the second book, curious to what kind of rare book this is and if I can learn from it. The first page has a huge title displayed, The Secret of Magic. I can’t contain my excitement as I notice the added sticky notes throughout the book. I flip to a page with a pink tab and in bold letters the page reads, stimulating spells to squirt. Before I can close the book, nosy Blaise looks inside and sees the page, bursting out in laughter, holding his stomach as he doubles over. I slam the book closed, and push it in my bag. “Don’t you dare,” I hiss at Blaise, my cheeks flaming. “You can jinx me all you want, Peaches. This is too good,” he wipes at his eyes. We are met with confused stares and Blaise doesn’t notice my Father walking over to us. “Someone send Hermione a sex magic book.” My Father’s voice is low, but his eyes are glaring. “Come,” he demands. Achilles doesn’t move away from my shoulder as I pack up my stuff and leave the group behind. Achilles takes flight, deciding to fly a shorter route back to the owlery. The walk towards his chambers is tense and long. He opens the door for me and waits for me to enter. I don’t sit down as I watch him remove his robe and walk to the kitchen, all while not looking at me. He returns with two cups of tea, setting them on the small table. “Who sent you that book,” he asks, his voice flat. “It is not what it looked like,” I try to defend myself. “I actually got two books.” “Tell me. Who sent the books,” his voice still calm. “Sirius,” I admit, looking away. The glare returns in full force and I want to step away from him. I promised myself that I would try and not fight with him, but if he is going to act difficult about a few books without even knowing what happened, I don’t know if I can keep my own promise. “Why?” his voice cold. I sigh deeply. “It’s Sirius, it was a prank,” I try. “The only book of importance was the first one, about Dark Artifacts. He touched my hand and after that kept frowning at the ring. The second book was just a joke.”  “What did you tell him,” I feel relieved as he focuses on the other book. “Nothing, he just touched it and frowned,” I shrug, I can feel the Dark Magic radiating from the ring, maybe it is the animal inside of me that my senses are a lot stronger than other witches and wizards. Maybe that is why he could feel it. “Why did he touch you?” this time he is frowning and looking at the ring. “Show me the books.” “Excuse me?” I scoff. “He touched the ring, don’t act like he did something worse,” I push my memories of the night away and try not to recall every way he touched me. “He sends my underage daughter a book about sex,” he sneers, holding his hand out for the book. I step away from here. “Let’s not act like I am not sexually active,” I chuckle and roll my eyes, trying to lighten the mood. “I’m not asking again,” he threatens. “Then stop asking and we will be fine. I’m not giving it to you,” I cross my arms and glare at him. He makes a move for my bag, but I am too quick and step out of reach, but my anger is flaring up. “Get your hands away from me, you won’t get the books. It is just a sex book.” “Yes! Exactly and what is next? He was supposed to talk to you about behaving normally and here he is giving you a book about sex. Is his next move to show some of the things to you?” I can only stare at him. “You really think that he is trying to get me to sleep with him, through giving me books?” I laugh. “Yes, it is Black. He would stoop so low,” he snaps, his lips a tight line. “He doesn't need books for that,” I snap back, realizing what I said and hopefully he ignores my comment. His voice drops dangerously low, his face becoming a mask, his eyes cold. “What did you just say?” I am not ready to back down. He is trying to control me and I am not having it. “He doesn’t need books to get me to sleep with him,” I clarify. “What do you mean by that?” “Do you want me to spell it out,” I hiss, only thinking about lashing out and not about the damage it will do afterwards. “I already fucked him. I suppose I should thank you for setting up the contact again. I feel so much better after last week.” He is too stunned to reply immediately, he just watches me. “You are lying.” I shake my head, daring him to pick up the fight, because I am ready. “Are you bloody mad? Have you lost your mind? What is up with that fucking behaviour of you,” he bursts out, taking steps to me and grabbing my shoulders, shaking me. I let my magic sizzle on my skin, sending a stinging hex over my body to make him let go. He pulls back with a hiss. “You have no right to talk to me like that. It was consented from both sides. We tried to escape the fucked up reality of our lives. The house was empty and we didn’t think about it. I am old enough to decide who I want to sleep with. This was my choice. What does it matter, you accepted that I would soon fuck an almost seventy year old creep in the body of a young adult. That is fucked up,” I know I am hitting him where it hurts. “He is my age!” he shouts. “We were classmates. He was a friend of your mother. Fuck… he was supposed to be your Godfather!” “I don’t care, it wasn’t like that! We both needed it, needed a connection. Something to make us forget. He is only thirtyseven, that is a difference of twenty years. I am almost seventeen. There are people in relationships with bigger differences, so don’t you dare to judge me for a one-night-stand.” “I am going to judge you! What is up with your behavior, this is unacceptable? What if the Dark Lord finds out?” I am frustrated with him. “He is not going to find out. What don’t you understand about the word one-night-stand?” I shout. “You are constantly searching for things I do wrong. I don’t need that pressure on me, you better spend that energy on Draco. He cursed Katie Bell, I bet that was meant for Dumbledore and his idea failed. You made the Unbreakable Vow to help him, then fucking do your job,” I shriek. “How about,” he starts, pointing his finger at me. “You start behaving like you should and not bother me with the problems you are causing, that way I have the time to help Draco.” I step back. “I’m not creating problems,” I tell him. “You are making my decisions your problem. Just fucking leave me alone, I can handle it myself.” I turn and stalk, once again, out of his chambers, slamming the door behind me. I hear the door open behind me, but I don’t look back. “50 point from Slytherin,” he shouts. “For disrespecting a Professor!” I turn, facing him and raising both my middle fingers. “Fuck off!” I shout. I storm in the Common Room, walking over to the pact in the corner. The bond is pulling me towards them, my magic swirling over my skin. “Are you okay?” Theo asks, trying to reach out and pull me on the couch but I step away holding up a finger.“Just a moment, don’t touch me,” I grit through my teeth. There aren’t a lot of people in the Common Room, but I am struggling to keep my wolf under control. My mind is swarmed with memories, good and bad mixing together. I hate fighting with my Father, but he is acting like I am a child. Blaise walks over to me, ready to hug me. I show him my glowing eyes, shifting to gold and back to brown every few seconds. I try to take control by digging my nails in my palms, but it is not working. Frustrated I drop to my knees, the fire behind me reacts as my magic becomes visible, showing a web over my skin. “Fuck,” I groan, my Occlumency crumbling, as I pull on my hair. I’m losing it and I don’t know how to stop it. I hate that I am not in control of the situation and that Father tries to take the control away from me. Does he not understand that I need that little bit of control over my life. The Dark Lord rules most of my life, deciding that we are getting married, marking me, sending me on missions, punishing me, wanting to fuck me, making me kill people and deciding where I sit on a fucking table during meetings. “We need to get her out of here,” Blaise tells the others. “We can’t touch her, that magic will hurt us,” Pansy responds. “Draco.” I don’t look up as memories of Draco burst out of their locked room, flooding my mind, making me whimper in pain. “Hermione,” his voice is soft and close, but I refuse to open my eyes. He repeats my name, stronger this time and I can feel the demand behind them. He is using his power as an Alpha to make me submit and follow his orders. “Please, don’t,” I whimper, fighting against all the emotions that are locked away and threatening to spill out, overwhelming me. “I only want to get you out of here,” he offers.I look up, letting him see the crumbling Occlumency behind my eyes, the pain and desperation. “Let me touch you,” he holds out his hands towards me, showing me he is going to touch me. “Don’t,” I tell him, knowing I am lost if he touches me and I can feel his skin against my own. “Blaise,” I beg, seeing the hurt in Draco’s eyes as I ask for someone else. I reach out my hand. He grabs it, not waiting for the magic to retreat and he flinches as our skin touches, but he holds on. I focus on him, on his hand in mine, his eyes and my growing friendship with him. That is something I have control over, something I want. I need his friendship, he gives me the control I desperately need. He pulls me towards him, and wraps an arm around me, ushering me out of the Common Room and into the hallway. He doesn’t stop walking until we are outside, the fresh, cold air wrapping around me, filling my lungs. “Breathe, Hermione, breathe,” he encourages me. I squeeze his hand as I draw in deep breaths, closing my eyes and just letting my mind wander. “I’m here for you,” he murmurs, rubbing my back. It feels like forever before I start feeling better, more normal and get a grip on myself again. I look up at him, feeling more vulnerable than I ever have been. He doesn’t look at me like I am a broken doll, he looks at me like I am just a girl, a normal hormonal teenager. “Better?” he asks. I nod. “Want to tell me what happend?” He casts a warming charm over us and takes my hand. We walk over the grounds as I watch the starry night. “It is complicated,” I start, he only snorts and waits for me to continue. “I had a fight with my Father, again. He is trying to take the bit of control I have over my life away from me. Stupid thing is,” I sigh. “I know he does it to protect me, but I feel like I don’t want his protection,” I admit. “Was he mad about the sex book?” he asks. “That is what started it,” I look away as memories of Sirius flash by. “He knows you have sex right? Every Pureblood household has those kinds of books,” he shrugs as realization hits him. “He doesn’t approve of the person who gave you that book,” he states. “It wasn’t serious,” I note the irony in my sentence, because it was Sirius. “Just a one time thing. Father blew it all out of proportion and I can’t handle it. I don’t even know why I lost control like that.” “You were having a panic attack,” he states.“It felt so different than the ones I had before,” I tell him, drying a patch of grass near the black lake. “You can have different ones, depending on the emotions you feel. Sometimes you feel desperate, sad, scared or angry,” he joins me and we watch over the water. “How do you know so much about it?” I ask, his eyes are guarded. “I used to have a lot of panic attacks, so I noticed the differences in them,” he avoids my gaze and I don’t want to bother him more about it. I lean against him and enjoy the night, slowly rebuilding my Occlumency until I feel like I have the control back. “The fire responded to your magic,” he prompts. “Are you training on some kind of new or old magic?” “No, not really. Is there something like being able to control fire?” I wonder out loud. “Some people claimed they could use elemental power, but that was a very long time ago. It could also be that your magic was out of control and disturbing the fire,” he shrugs, dropping the conversation. It is not the first time I felt power from the flames, so I might be able to learn a new kind of magic. Influencing the elements would be a really cool power. “Do you feel better?” he asks, just before we go inside the castle. “Yes, thank you, you are the best,” I tell him honestly and hug him. It is the middle of the night, the Common Room is empty. Just before I go up to the dorm, he pulls me towards him one more time and kisses my head. “You can always come to me if you want to talk or anything,” he murmurs. “You too. I’m here for you, I know things are difficult right now.” I spend the whole night strengthening my mental walls and pushing memories back in their locked rooms. By the time it is morning I feel much calmer and back in control, but I am very tired. Let's hope everyone forgot which day it is and I will have some peace and quiet. They did not forget, my plate is filled with peach tarts and a candle on top, shooting out small fireworks. Everyone hugs me while congratulating me. Even Father walks over and pulls me in for a short hug, shocking everyone in the whole Great Hall and probably beyond that. “Happy birthday,” he leans over to whisper it in my ear and I smile. Even though we had a fight and he is probably still angry at me, he still comes up to me. “Thank you,” I tell him and accepted the card and small box he hands me. I don’t want to open it in infront of everyone. Draco is the last one to walk up, before I can even step into his embrace he pulls me towards him, his hand in my neck and cushing me into his chest. I am overwhelmed by his scent filling my nostrils. If I could I would bury my face in his sweater and inhale it all. His arms are wrapped around me and he taps his fingers on my spine, exactly on the snake tattoo. I just know that he is still wearing his on his shoulder and it connects us, sending shivers through my body. There is still so much love between us, burning and hurting us both. All too quickly he lets go and I step away from him, already missing his skin against mine. An owl swoops down, which is not that unusual in the morning, but it is not Achilles or another owl carrying the Daily Prophet. It is a big white owl, with black flecks on the feathers. It is beautiful and I immediately recognise the species as a Great Horned, just like Achilles. “That is my owl,” Draco holds out his arm, he lands and looks around, until his eyes find me. He hops over the table to wait in front of me. I frown and look over to Draco in confusion. Why would he send me something by owl? He shakes his head, also confused. “I didn’t send you anything.” I take the small package and the bird hops back to Draco, nipping at his fingers. The package is wrapped in brown paper and twine. I take it off and hold the velvet black box in my hand. No one is claiming to have sent this and I have a bad feeling about who has access to the Malfoy owls and would be petty enough to use Draco’s especially. I open the box and I am met with a white card and gold lettering in a strong and bold handwriting. My Precious, We are to be wed in the first week of the summer. All arrangements are yours to choose and can be added to the Malfoy account.-TI block all the emotions that are coming up, as well as the sudden nauseous feeling. I’m not going to have a full blown panic attack in the middle of the Great Hall on my birthday while everyone is watching me. In the velvet box is a necklace, and everyone who knows who I am going to marry, will see this necklace as a claim. It looks to be a choker, with two snakes meeting in the middle, they curl and where their mouths meet hangs a big pendant with a black diamond. In the box is written, “Wear me” and I know I don’t have a choice. Someone will report back if I don’t wear it. There are eyes and ears everywhere. I take out the heavy necklace and hand it, without asking, out for my Father, he takes it and I pull up my hair. It takes a lot of determination to not cry as he lays the necklace against my skin and clips it closed. The magic swirls around it and it tightens around my throat. It is a choker, a fucking collar to stake his claim on my body, as if the ring wasn’t enough. The black diamond is resting in the hollow of my throat. I’m not able to hide it and a quick feel at the back of my neck confirms my suspicion, I can’t take it off. “It is so pretty,” I whisper, lying and hoping nobody notices it. Pansy squeezes my hand. “It’s…a statement,” she tries, but I can see that she hates it as well. “It is okay, Hermione,” Daph comforts and takes my other hand. “It will be alright.” Will it? People are going to wonder who the mystery guy is that I’m going to marry. This will only draw more attention to me and I don’t like it. I hate it, it is way over the top, doesn’t match my personality and I want to take it off. This is a necklace a Pureblood would send to show he has money. My appetite is gone, I blow out the candle and walk away to the nearest restroom and strengthen my mental walls once again. I push every feeling away and cast a featherlight and Notice-Me-Not charm on the necklace, making it feel as if there is nothing around my throat and people won’t stare at me. The day is tortures, I can’t keep my focus and am constantly thinking about my upcoming marriage. He couldn’t even wait a day to announce the date. Is he that eager to marry me? What will he gain from a marriage? Why does he want me and not someone like Bellatrix, who is throwing herself at him, not caring that he is Halfblood. She would throw away the Black legacy if it would mean that she is the favorite of the Dark Lord. The final class is Transfiguration, one of the easiest classes since we are Animagus. I feel like my magic is so attuned to my mind that I can transfigure anything. “Good afternoon, class,” McGonagall walks in. “Today we are going to transfigure feather dusters to ferrets. I don’t want to see any feathers on the ferret,” she warns. She hands out the feather dusters and returns to her desk. We already discussed the proper spell and wand movement in earlier classes, so today we need to practice the spell. I grab my wand from my thigh and flip it a few times in the air as I watch the Gryffindors attempt their first try. Seamus is able to turn his black feather duster to pink, I don’t know how he manages that since the spell is not for color change, but he always finds a way. Harry is only managing a little wiggle in the duster. Ron is waving his wand like a maniac, doesn’t he know that magic leaves traces, even if you don’t see a spell working, something is clinging to the item and a next spell can change it completely. McGonagall is staring at me and I decide to finish my practice, trying to perfect it in one go. “Mutare,” I cast and wave my wand over the dusters. The feathers cling together and become the body, the head pops out of the handle and within seconds a small, adorable ferret is sitting on my desk. I pick him up and show him to Blaise. “Look how cute he is!” I coo, wiggling the little body. He turns around and shows his pale white ferret and I burst out laughing. It brings back memories of third year, where I watched Draco getting transformed into a white ferret, by the fake Professor Moody. “Look Draco, I have a brother for you,” Blaise smirks. Draco only glares.Pansy pets the ferrets and tickles the stomach. We all laugh and show off our little furry friends. “Come on, Draco,” Daphne tries to make him smile. “Live a little.” “For what? What is the use, Daph?” he hisses, low enough for only us to hear. The fun mood is ruined and we all turn back to our own desks and tranfigure the ferrets back into feather dusters. McGonagall has been watching us, so she knows that we completed the task. I return to looking at the Gryffindors and how far along they are. There are only a few people who have something that resembles a ferret on their tables, the others are still staring at the feather dusters in frustration. Seamus feather duster burst out in flames, almost, once again, burning off his eyebrows. McGonagall gives him a new one and he can continue the assignment. I watch Ron as he waves his wand down, hits the feather duster and spiders explode from it. The whole feather duster is gone and there are spiders crawling over his desk. He loses his mind, wiping at his clothes and almost falling off the chair in panic. His eyes meet mine and I can see the anger in them. “What the fuck did you do?” he roars, making his way over to me. I stand up, just in time as he pushes his wand against my throat. “You fucking did something to my spell, you fucking piece of shit,” he almost spits in my mouth. Blaise pushes Ron off me, and the whole pact comes in front of me. Draco is in the front as Blaise gives the lead to him. The bond is filled with the need to protect and anger flashes through it. “She didn’t do anything,” Draco hisses, wand pointed to the underside of Ron’s chin. “You better watch out with that traitorous mouth of yours or you will regret it.” Ron puffs out his chest. “It was her, she was looking at me. What are you, her guard dogs?” he sneers. I push my way forward, latching on to the anger I feel from everyone and I am ready for him. I push Draco away, almost feeling the need to stand on my toes to get more into Ron’s face, but I know that would give him the advantage in the situation. “They are my friends, a concept you don’t know,” I growl, pulling back my wolf and preventing my eyes from shifting. “You messed with my spell, you did it to hurt me,” he shouts, he is towering over me, but I don’t let him know I am intimidated by him. “Oh, get over yourself. I didn’t have to do anything to your spell, because you were fucking it up yourself. It is not my problem that you don’t know the basic rules about magic,” I chuckle. “Miss Snape, enough of this nonsense,” McGonagall comes between us, pushing me back as if I am the one invading his space. I shrug. “Just get him away from me and it’s fine,” I tell her. She turns around and stares at me from over her glasses. “I am so disappointed in you, you were always so bright and had a promising life in front of you. I don’t understand why you spend your time tormenting your old house mates.”I am too stunned to respond to her and can only stare. “She didn’t do anything,” Blaise defends again, but she is not listening. She is completely ignoring us. “Detention, Miss Snape.” “That is unfair, I didn’t do anything!” I object. “He fucked it up all on his own, I was only watching, since I already finished the assignment. I wasn’t even holding my wand. Since when is looking around a crime?” I sneer. “That is enough, Miss Snape.” “Is that the only way you will address me,” I challenge her. “When I was a Gryffindor you called me by my first name, but now it is only by my last name. Is there something you want to tell me about, Professor,” I emphasize her own title. “One week detention,” she deflects my comment. “I have a gathering with Professor Slughorn tonight,” I tell her. “You will start tomorrow then,” she counters. “Fine,” I grab my bag and just before I walk out I turn back. “Be careful, Weasel,” and I smirk. I make my way to the library, I can use this extra time to do a quick scan through the Restricted Section, before starting homework. The Restricted Section is dark and in the far corner of the library. I’m annoyed how she treated me, I was just watching and she must know he ruined it himself? She just wanted to make a statement by punishing me. I scan the titles on the spines, but nothing springs out to me, so I decide to sit at our usual table and prepare for homework. Luckily I don’t have to wait very long before they join me and we can start.Blaise and I stop early in order to get ready for the gathering with Slughorn. I wear a fitted black dress, long sleeves, of course and a pair of high heels, trying to match Blaise’s height, but I still only reach his shoulder. He is dressed in a full black suit and it looks amazing on him. We are actually one of the last ones to arrive and quickly take our seats, Blaise is offered a chair next to Slughorn and I sit on one of the two other remaining empty chairs. I look around and only notice now that I am sitting next to Harry. The other chair that is available is next to Cormac and that is someone I try to stay away from. He always licks his lips when he sees me and tries to talk to me. Everyone knows he is just a pathetic and creepy guy. I look at Blaise, showing him my discomfort through the bond and he chuckles. The first meal is served and everyone is listening to each other as they talk about their families and the accomplishments they made. “Hermione, how was it to find out that Severus is your father?” Slughorn asks, surprising me with his direct question, one that others don’t dare to ask. “Ehh… I think it went fine,” I remember being scared for my life, thinking I ruined a spell and the Dark Lord was going to kill me. “How did you find out?” he continues. “He told me, he knew I was his daughter from the beginning and he wanted to be there for me,” I shrug, getting even more uncomfortable. “And what about your mother, a Muggle?” He looks at me curiously, probably trying to find out if I have any famous relatives he can use. “Oh, Salazar, no, not a Muggle,” it slips out and I had to expect something like that to happen. After more than a year being part of the Death Eaters this was going to happen. “She was a witch, she passed away sadly. Don’t know much about her,” it is all the truth, Harry won’t be able to guess who it is. “That is very sad,” Slughorn tries to comfort. “Honestly, it is fine. My Father is great, he teaches me a lot about potions and I want to follow a career as Potions Master,” I tell him, pulling the attention away from my family. “Is there anything specific you want to achieve?” he asks. “Not yet, there are a lot of options possible. I only need to narrow it down more,” I smile politely. “I thought you wanted to become the Minister of Magic,” Harry whispers. It is low enough for me to hear, but Slughorn already moved on to the next student. Blaise is watching me and nods encouragingly. He can probably hear anything we say with his predator hearing. “I found my love for potions,” I tell him. “And you? Still want to be an auror?” I ask. “I don’t know,” he admits. “I think we will see next year if it is something I want to do.” I smile at him, keeping my gaze low. “I’m sorry,” I tell him, the words just burst out. “For what?” he asks, studying my face. “Changing houses,” I tell him. “Creating problems in class, I should know better, but Ron just gets to me and I promise, I didn’t do anything this afternoon.” “I know,” he says simply. With that our conversation falls silent and I dare a quick glance at Blaise. To my surprise a smile is tugging on his lips. The rest of the dinner is boring. Ginny comes in just in time for dessert, she and Dean are having problems again, it is clear to see by the red rims around her eyes. Apparently, she and Harry are still not together, but clearly still silently pining for the other. Cormac keeps trying to make eye contact with me as he shovels in his desert. Blaise holds out his arm for me to take. Together we walk through the empty hallways. I almost want to ask for a small walk outside, but he is already walking in that direction. Once outside we walk towards the lake and take a seat. “You and Potter had a conversation,” he starts. The smile disappeared from my face and he notices. “Don’t worry,” he laughs. “It was sweet to watch and I won’t tell anyone. I understand how it must have been. You were friends, the Weasel ruined it all and you got shoved to the side and looked like an outcast. After all that you join the Slytherins, you are Snape’s daughter. I can imagine how difficult that time was, for both of you.” “It was,” I admit. “But it is better this way, for me.” “They can’t have you back,” he chuckles and wraps his arm around me. “You are ours, Peaches.” “I don’t want to leave, even if our lives are hard and way too difficult for our age. You are my friend, the pact is my family and I wouldn’t change it for the world,” I tell him and snuggle under his arm. I add a warming charm over us and it wraps around us like a heated blanket. “What are we going to do about Draco?” he asks, staring at the lake. I sigh, deeply. “I am worried about him,” I finally say the words out loud. “This task is too much for him and we need to find a way to help him.” “I agree. Can you tell me something?” without waiting for an answer he continues. “Is the goal for him to fail or succeed in the Dark Lord’s idea?” I want to tell him, I hate keeping such information from them and Draco is not letting me in anymore. “Fail,” I whisper and Blaise takes a deep shuddering breath. “Fuck,” he mutters and I agree with him.
  
    Chapter Text
    I prefer detention with Slughorn. McGonagall humiliates me in front of the whole school by calling me to the front of the Great Hall and explaining what I will be doing for the next couple of hours. Filch shoves a mop in my hand, drops a bucket filled with water on the ground, splashing my feet. “Watch it,” I snap, using a drying charm on my boots. He just laughs. “I will.” I only glare and bite my tongue to keep myself from creating more problems. “Messing with someone's spell is unacceptable,” McGonagall starts off. “You will not use any magic while you clean the Great Hall for the next week. I want it spotless,” she demands. It is useless to disagree with her, she won’t change her mind anyway. She dismisses the students and everyone is chatting and laughing as they walk away from the tables. Some looking back over their shoulder to see me wait, silently fuming. The tables are cleared by the magic of the house elves, but there is still a huge mess on the ground, food and mud. “You better get started if you want to be done before curfew,” she tells me and leaves me behind. Filch is laughing and follows her. I watch them both leave the hall before I start, not giving either of them the pleasure seeing me clean. I am about to start when my name is said behind me. With a deep sigh I turn back. “Are you going to lecture me while I clean?” I sneer. He looks taken back with my greeting. “Draco told me what happened, I will talk with her. It is unfair to treat you like this. She could have checked your wand or she had to only acknowledge the skill level of Mr. Weasley to see that it was something of his own creation.” “You believe that I didn’t do it?” I raise my brow. “Yes, I do,” he replies simply. “I am going to talk to her, but you have to do the detention tonight,” he walks out of the Great Hall and I wave the doors closed behind him. She never mentioned that I had to keep the doors open while cleaning. I start with the Slytherin side of the hall, which is clearly more clean, while there is mud on the ground there is little to no food. At least we know how to eat like civil people. The Ravenclaws and Hufflepuff are also not really bad, but the Gryffindors are awful. It appears that Ron has a lot of people on his side and they clearly don’t like me.   I need to keep refreshing my water every few meters around that table, the mud is smeared everywhere and food is thrown on the ground, stepped on and spread all around. They must have started throwing food on the floor the second they figured out I had to clean the Great Hall. Filch is not going to be happy when he figures out that their dirty shoes leave footprints all over the castle, all leading to the Gryffindor tower. I finish up and set out to find McGonagall, luckily she is already on her way to the Great Hall. “I’m done,” I tell her and want to hand over the mop and empty bucket, but she refuses. “Not until I think it is clean enough.” She walks past me and I follow her. “Sending your Father to me to plead is not how things work in the real world,” she tells me. “I didn’t send him to you, but I guess you won’t believe that either,” I counter, knowing she can give me extra detention for talking back to a Professor, but like I said, I am done. She turns around, just before reaching the hall. “I don’t know what happened to you, but you changed too much. Being a Slytherin doesn’t suit you,” her voice is cold and flat. “I thought courage was a part of being a Gryffindor, but when students do nothing when one of their house mates is being assaulted I think Gryffindor doesn’t suit them,” I respond harshly and walk past her in the hall, dropping the bucket and mop at her feet. “Everything is clean and just so you know, the Gryffindors have never heard of manners, since they made the biggest mess, maybe teach them some,” I walk out, ready to get to the Common Room and away from the hypocritical people. The pact is sitting in the usual corner and I scourgify my body for the fourth time, just to be sure I don’t smell. I let myself fall in one of the big chairs and greet them all. They are drinking and I am in desperate need of it. “Just in time before curfew,” Theo smiles. He is right, just five minutes left to spare. “Well if I would have been late it was her own fault, she wanted to go on a whole spiel about how I changed so much since I became a Slytherin,” I roll my eyes. “I told her to teach those Gryffindors some manners and I left.” “How much extra detention will you get for that?” Pansy snorts. “Probably a month,” I laugh, already mentally preparing for it. “Do you want some?” Blaise asks and grabs a bottle from underneath the table. “Always,” I tell him and can’t wait for the Firewhiskey to burn its way through my body. He conjures a glass, fills it and hovers it into my hand. “We are playing a bit of Veritaserum or Dare, have you played it before?” I snort, remembering the disaster of a night. “I had my first Muggle drugs, I kissed Harry and they thought he was the Astronomy Tower mystery guy and Ron attacked me,” I tell them and I am distracted by blocking the memories as I take a big drink from the glass. The Firewhiskey burns in my throat and leaves a tingling feeling in my mouth. “Are you fucking serious, Hermione?” Blaise asks angrily. “Yes, I did but it was a one time thing,” I blurt out. It takes me a second to figure out what just happened. The tingling on my tongue that I did not experience all the other times I drank it. “Did you give me Veritaserum?” I ask. “No, that is the other bottle,” Blaise and he looks down, he looks up and down multiple times. “Did anyone see which bottle I used?” Everyone shakes their head. “Okay, so I might have given you the wrong one,” he admits. “But your answer doesn’t make sense, I asked you if you are fucking serious and he said you did.” “Shut up,” I tell him, my face bright red and refusing to look at Draco. I am too late with blocking the bond and everyone probably feels the embarrassment rush through them. “Serious? Sirius? Sirius Black,” Draco murmurs, piecing it together. I bite my lip as they all look at me as realization dawns on them. “What?” Daphne asks, still confused. Before anyone can repeat it I throw up a Muffliato bubble around us, this way nobody can be listening in on what, undoubtedly, will be repeated. “Serious or Sirius sound the same. You weren’t paying enough attention and thought I asked about Sirius Black,” Blaise laughs. “My uncle, Sirius Black,” Draco glares at me. “Fuck! Blaise, you should have told me this has Verteritaserum in it,” frustrated I take another drink, from the same glass. I try to spit it out, but I already feel the tingling on my tongue. Blaise also notices my mistake. “Did you have sex with Sirius Black?” He has a face splitting grin on his face. I try to hold in my answer, but it has no use, the word falls off my lips. “Yes,” I bury my face in my hands. I almost take another drink from the same glass, but I stop in time. “Get this drink away from me,” I groan as I set it down on the table. Pansy laughs. “This is the best drama! How did that happen?” “I don’t want to answer it,” I tell them. “Knowledge is dangerous.” In the eyes of the public he is a criminal on the run, for the older people know he is part of the Order of the Phoenix and the black sheep of the Black family. Which means he should not be in contact with Death Eaters. “I will take a Wizard’s Oath if that means you can spill the beans.” I shake my head, but everyone agrees to her, trying to get the details. Even Draco wants to know. “Fine, everyone swear upon their magic, repeat after me,” feeling slightly relieved that I am able to tell them about and it is one less lie between us. “I swear upon my magic, I will keep all the secrets that are told tonight. I will not tell anyone, in any detail or cryptic way about what is said tonight.” They repeat it and I feel the magic between us all, a thin glowing thread sinking in all our wrists, binding the spoken words. The whole night will be safe. If I wish I could tell them everything, but I am not willing to risk it. “Tell us, how did you meet him?” Pansy asks. “First real, normal…” I glare at Blaise. “...Firewhiskey.” He sniffs the bottle before pouring another drink in a clean glass and sends it to me. I take a small sip, happy to not experience any tingling and taking a gulp of the burning liquid. “I met him in third year, he is Harry’s Godfather and I helped him escape before he would get the Dementors Kiss.” “I thought you always followed the rules?” Theo raises his brow in question. “I just didn’t get caught or I had really good reasons to break the rules,” I decide to twist the truth, just to be extra safe and not make them question everything. “He and I kept in contact, with writing letters and I kept it up for a long time to make them not suspect me of joining the Dark Lord. Eventually we stopped, I didn’t want the letters to be found. A few weeks ago he sent me one, asking to meet me,” I look around, and most of them are literally sitting on the edge of their seats, except Draco, who is leaning back and staring at his glass. “I saw it as an opportunity, maybe I could find information and great an advantage to the Dark Lord.”“Did you get useful information?” Theo asks, probably hoping that I did and that it was good for me to meet up and I won’t be punished as bad if someone finds out. “Of course she did, the size of his cock,” Pansy interjects, grinning. “Pansy!” I scold. “We just talked, but it was not useful. We ended up drinking some Firewhiskey and one thing led to another,” I end up vaguely, begging that they don’t ask more. “No, no, we made a vow, I really need more details,” Blaise hovers the bottle above my glass and refills it. “How, where, size and rating.” I sniff the glass, just to be sure before I drink. “How, you know how sex works. Where, on the kitchen table, a chair, library, staircase and his bed,” I count on my fingers. "Size, big."“Woah, back up here for a moment. How big is big?” Blaise asked incredulously.I smirk at him. “Just trust me when I say, big.”I place my glass on the table, leaning back in the chair. “Was he really experienced?” Pansy asks. I nod. “He send the sex book, didn’t he?” Blaise smirks, not even trying to hide his amusement. “He did, haven’t read it yet,” I wink suggestively. I only scanned through it really quick and I am already amazed by the use of normal spells for sexual acts. “Are you going to share your tips?” Pansy asks. “I lend the book to you,” I laugh. Blaise looks offended. “I deserve it first.” They have a small fight over who will get to read the book first and I can only shake my head. “What was your favorite spot?” Daphne asks, her cheeks pink. “I liked it against the bookshelf,” I shrug, probably being very predictable as being known as a bookworm. I need a drink, Blaise is watching me as I bend forward to grab the glass. Draco is still now staring at his empty glass, why doesn’t he just leave if he doesn’t want to hear about it. I would leave is someone was going to talk about sex with my uncle, not that I have one. “Why would you even sleep with him? Isn’t he really old?” Theo asks, clearly remembering the wanted picture of Sirius. “Seriously,” Pansy answers before I can. “Pun intended. Those tattoos, who wouldn’t?” Surprising everyone Daphne agrees and I follow. “He is not that old and he is clean now.” “Does he still have long hair?” Pansy bites her lip. I nod and she sighs. “I would pull on it so much.” Draco is definitely listening as he snaps his head to her and glares. She just waves him off. “It is not like I’m going to do him, I don’t always that her seconds.” That makes it clear that they are having sex, I shake my head and take a drink, ready for another burst of confidence for the next questions they will ask.“How would you rate the sex with Sirius Black,” Blaise asks. I swallow the drink. “I told you, I’m not… ten out of ten.” Pansy and Blaise burst out laughing. How? How can I be this fucking stupid? How can I not smell the bitter scent of the potion in the drink under my nose? I look at the table and notice that I set the two drinks right next to each other. I vanish the drink to prevent myself from making the same mistake again. “That was why you were watching me,” I accuse him He holds up his hand in mock surrender. “I expected you to smell it before you drank it.” “You snake,” I bite. “What made it so good?” Pansy is too curious about this, but what do I have to hide? “He made me come so often, just how he used his mouth and fingers, the angels he did. I think the most important thing was the combination of stimulating my whole body and the dirty talk,” I fan my face, remembering the mind blowing orgasms. “I love dirty talk, does he have any kinks?” she just continues, maybe hoping that Draco listens to it and he will improve their own sex life.“He likes to be dominant, praising, rough and using his wand,” I summarize as I think of all the things we did. “But I don’t know if those are his kinks or mine.” “Probably both,” Blaise snorts. “Maybe he also has breeding kink, like a lot of older Purebloods, ready to multiply themselves and create more little Purebloods. But that is not something you have to worry about,” she shrugs. I want to be hurt by her comment, because we all know that I won’t create little Purebloods, but I will destroy Pureblood bloodlines. “No, I don’t think he has that and we used…” My face falls, as I quickly scan over the memories. No. I don’t remember at any time that a heat spread over my stomach. No, that is not possible. We would not be so irresponsible.“Ha!” Pansy laughs. “Imagine that the oldest line of Purebloods would end because he knocks you up,” she is even wiping her eyes and doesn’t notice my silence. “She can’t, she drinks a potion each morning,” Draco notes and sips his own drink. “I don’t anymore, it tastes awful,” I chew on my lip, noticing how Draco pales but his eyes are blazing. I fucked up. Fuck! “You did use the charm right?” Daphne asks, frowning.“I can’t remember,” I admit, my hand covers my mouth as I absorb my fuck up. “He’s gonna kill me,” I whisper through my fingers. I keep going over every second of the night with Sirius.  “When is your period?” Daphne asks, walking over to me and sitting on the armrest, taking my hand away from my mouth. “You can always take the other potion, just to be safe,” Pansy sits on my other side, laying a hand on my thigh. “I fucked up,” is all I can say as I stare at the table. Blaise crutches in front of me, refilling my empty glass and pushing it towards my mouth, urging me to sip. I could be pregnant, I shouldn’t drink. What the fuck, I can’t keep it, so a drink is fine. Salazar knows I need it. “Just take the other potion, you can ask…” Daphne falls silent as she also knows who has such potions in case of emergency. “Snape is going to flip,” a giggle bursts from her lips. “Fuck,” I drag out. “He knows, he is going to kill me.” “It could always be worse,” Daphne tries to console me, but nausea is rising in my stomach. “How? He is my fucking uncle,” Draco mutters. “Harry Potter,” Blaise snorts.The image of me and my brother kissing surfaces and sends me over the edge. I bend forward and vomit on the ground, right between Blaise his open knees, he is quick to vanish it. Draco groans. “You also had sex with Potter?” Blaise asks. “You never told me, or was it recent?” “No!” I exclaim. “Fuck no. I did have sex with Harry,” I can’t explain it to them and I won’t. I clean myself, once again, and sit back. “Can’t I say the potion is for one of you?” I beg Daphne or Pansy. “You can try, but your Father will know it is for you. It would not be that bad if one of us gets pregnant, as long as it is from them,” Pansy nods towards Draco and Theo. “Same for you if it is from the Dark Lord.” I let my head fall in my hands. The Dark Lord, he can’t know. It has been a few weeks since I had sex, my period is due any day now. It was only one time. I can’t get pregnant from one time. “I can come with you,” Blaise offers, a smile tugging on his lips. “You just want a front row seat to the drama,” I accuse him.“I still can’t imagine him as a father, how is it to have him as a father?” Daphne asks, changing the subject. “Mostly very quiet, and we read a lot. He teaches me a lot of potions. Actually he is pretty okay as a Father,” I admit. “But he will be screaming and hexing me, when he finds out what I have done.” “Scream? No, he will get this even lower and calm voice, making it very scary,” Blaise smirks. “It is not the first time he will be angry with me,” I once again admit. “Do you know who your mom is? I can’t believe he doesn’t know,” Pansy is curious and I get it, it is a topic that is avoided at all costs. “No, we know, but we all know some things are too dangerous to know and it is better to keep it a secret.” “Was it a shock?” Theo prods. “Yes, please can we have a different conversation?” I beg. “Would you have sex with Sirius again?” Theo asks, making it clear that he is still interested in knowing more about it.“Don’t you fucking dare,” Draco snaps, pointing at me like I am a little child who is caught with a cookie from the cookie jar. “Sorry,” I mutter. Everyone stops asking questions and we drink in silence. I am thinking about how I am going to ask for the potion. The best thing is to go right now, it is known that you can’t wait too long because it won’t work anymore, my time is very limited. I dread it, but I can’t take the risk. I can’t go into hiding, the Dark Lord will find me and even if he wouldn’t, I don’t have a relationship or anything with Sirius. Age gaps are more normal in the Wizarding world, but I don’t want to have our one night stand baby. How can I be so irresponsible? It is not like me. I slam back my drink, setting it back on the table roughly and stand up, drawing attention. “Can someone Avada me?” I ask. “I won’t press charges,” I tease, waiting for the alcohol to do his thing. “You would be dead,” Theo notes. “Exactly the point,” I confirm. I wave the bubble away and walk without another word out of the Common Room, before I lose the little spark of courage I have. He opens his door with a sigh and raises a brow when he sees me. “Hi,” I mumble, waiting for him to let me in. Without responding he opens the door and I slip in. “It is after curfew, don’t tell me you just finished with cleaning.” “No,” I bite my lip. “I need your help with something else and it can’t wait.” He walks past me and closes the books he was reading in his chair, folding his arms and looking at me. The same look I really hated as a Gryffindor and made me scared of him. “I need a potion,” I start off vaguely. “You are not getting a potion, I don’t want a repeat of last year. It took months for you to fully quit and not want to bite my head off,” he points out. It’s true, I was begging him for just a little bit of a potion, just a drop and I would yell at him when I didn’t get any. The pain was worse than before, it is only now getting back to a normal level which I can handle and that is without my humanity, which really dulled the pain to begin with. “It is not that kind of potion. I just need to be sure,” I am working my way up to say it. Just say it. Blurt it out.  “I just need to be sure I’m not pregnant,” I rush out. He stares, in silence, processing my words. “How? Who?” shaking his head. “When did you meet the Dark Lord?” he is confused, narrowing his eyes at me. “Not the Dark Lord,” I confess, already dreading the moment I will be sexually active with him. “I have been watching and meeting with Draco, he didn’t tell me anything. You two are keeping your distance,” revealing that he is, indeed, helping Draco. “Not Draco either,” I whisper, almost wishing it was him to make this slightly better. “Blaise?” he snaps. I can only shake. “Then who,” he bursts out. “You…no…Hermione!” he explodes and I know he knows. “Sirius Black,” he roars, looking like a dragon, eyes blazing. The only thing he misses is spitting fire from his mouth, but if he could he would. Shame fills me once again, not that I had sex with Sirius, but that I had unprotected sex with Sirus and didn’t even notice it for weeks. It is not like he sent me a letter, reminding me, so I guess he doesn’t know either or this is all part of a huge scheme to get me out of the Death Eaters. But it is too far-fetched for that. We didn’t expect to have sex, the alcohol made us do it and both being sexually frustrated.“HOW CAN YOU BE THIS STUPID, HERMIONE!” he shouts, and I deserve it. “HE IS A BLACK? PART OF THE ORDER!” “I know!” I shout back, frustrated. “Believe me, I know, but I need the potion, it’s been weeks.” He growls in anger as he turns around and pulls open one of his cabinets. “You are lucky, I had to make a new batch since the last one was used a few days ago,” He hands me a big bottle with a black potion inside of it. Curiosity spikes and I can’t keep myself from asking. “Who needed it?” I ask, ready for the gossip. “Was it Lavender Brown?”He pins me down with an incredulous stare. “I’m not going to share that information with you.” I take the potion and roll it around in my hand. My feelings are so confusing, I can’t be pregnant, but I also, kinda, don’t want to take the potion. I know how it works and I am scared. You take it and I can take up to three days to do its work. If you get or feel sick, you were pregnant and not anymore, or you don’t get sick within three days and that means you weren’t pregnant or worse, you were too late and are still pregnant. “You have to take it,” his voice is softer, still stern, but at least he is not screaming at me. “I know,” I confirm, but don’t remove the cork. “From now on, you will take that contraceptive potion each morning. I don’t care if you have sex or not. We can’t let this happen again, you are playing with your life. If the Dark Lord finds out you are not faithful he will kill you,” he pinches the bridge of his nose, hating to discuss this. “We both know it is not a question if he will ever kill me, it is more of a when will he kill me question,” I murmur, voicing the truth I feel inside of me. Somehow I will fuck up and get killed, or someone will frame me and I still end up dead or someone simply kills me.  “I won’t let you get yourself killed. I am here to help you, but damn you, you can make it hard to do,” he snarls.  “I’m sorry. About everything, I will do better,” I whisper, knowing he is right. I do cause problems. If I didn’t watch Ron in class I could not be accused of messing with his spell.  “Don’t apologize. I was around your age in the first war, I can imagine the stress you are under. You have it even harder than I did, and I am so sorry for that,” he writes a note, signs it and hands it over. I frown. “You are not the teacher of Astrology and I already finished my homework,” I raise my brow in confusion. “I give you permission to go up to the Astronomy Tower, so you can finish your homework,” he stares at me. “This way you won’t get in trouble for being there if they find you and you can take a moment for yourself, but you need to take that potion. We can’t take the risk and I know it is a spot you often visit to get away from everything.” “Thank you,” I murmur, casting the spell on myself to make it look like I am in his chambers on the map. I wave a heating charm over myself as I walk towards the Astronomy Tower. I walk up the stairs and look over the landing, taking a seat on the edge behind the fence. My legs dangle over the edge, the pole between them, I can lean my arms on the middle bar and look out over the grounds. The big phial is sitting next to me and I let my thoughts run wild. The world is fucked up, if there would not be a war coming I could be with Draco. Our lives would have been so different, hopefully. I let my hand rest on my stomach, what if there is a baby in there, that would be so weird. An urge takes over and I lean back. My stomach is still flat and I don’t feel weird. “Hi, maybe baby,” I start out loud. “I don’t know if you are here or not, but I’m sorry. No child should be raised in a war, the world is not ready for you. You might think I am weak for not doing this or even telling Sirius about this, but it will complicate things more. I can’t hide and to be honest, I don’t want to be pregnant and I hope you are not in here,” I rub over my belly, having fantasies about a future that won’t happen. I uncork the potion bottle, refusing to sniff the liquid before drinking every drop and mentally apologizing. The urge to vomit is huge, but I demand my body to accept the potion. I drop the bottle next to me and stare over the Forbidden Forest, listening to all the magical creatures inside of it. I’m dozing off when I pick up footsteps on the stairs, already half way. The bond is getting stronger and I already know who it is, so I don’t look at him. I came here because I needed a moment for myself. To grieve for everything that could have been, but will not happen.  “Why did you do it?” he asks. “You have to be more specific,” I sigh deeply, annoyed to have the silence interrupted and that I have to talk about this right now. “Why sleep with my uncle? Why would you hurt me like that?” He is standing behind me, but I can’t look at him. “You think I did it to hurt you?” I am shocked he would think that, that everything I do is to get a reaction from him. “Isn’t that why you are doing all these things?” He confirms my suspicions. “These things?” I ask, feeling tired.“In the summer we sleep together after some sort of ritual you did, the next day you get engaged to the Dark Lord, who is almost seventy years old. You knew what was going to happen during the ritual with him. That is why you did the ritual with me. You turn off your humanity, so you don’t feel a thing. You don’t talk to me anymore. You spend all your free time with Blaise, you go off with him to god knows where. And you slept with my uncle, who is on the other side of the war, might I add.” “You really think, I did all those things just to hurt you?” I growl and turn to face him, my head in my neck. “Yes,” and I can see the pain in his eyes, he is not even trying to hide it. “I didn’t. I did know I was going to get engaged to the Dark Lord, only a few days before the ritual he told my Father, who told me. You can’t blame me for trying everything I can to prevent it from working, to protect myself. Like you said, it is war or going to be one soon. I didn’t know the ritual between us would end with that… urge, I didn’t want to make you cheat on Pansy. The only reason I made my Father do the spell to turn off my humanity is because it was killing me inside, I couldn’t think straight and it will be much worse in the future and I know I couldn’t handle it,” I admit and look at him. “Blaise is the only one who has time for me, you are always with Pansy, Theo and Daphne are always together, you all seem okay with it and I don’t blame you. Blaise is single and has time to talk and we walk around the school together. I like him, as a friend, nothing more. And lastly, Sirius, it was a mistake, we were both way too drunk and it just happened. I have very little control over my life at the moment and he made me feel like I had control, he made me forget. At that moment he was just a hot older guy, fucking me like it was his last breath on the earth and I needed that. I don’t want to hurt you, Draco, you still mean the world to me, you always will.” I grab his hand, desperate for his touch, to try and feel the flutter in my body he always gave me. Nothing happens, but I enjoy the contact. “The Dark Lord is already jealous of me, I saw that even before you got engaged. He was always watching us, you, that made me jealous, because you are mine. You know we are meant to be. You can feel it too,” he lays his hand between my breasts. “Our bond is the strongest of all we have. There won’t be one that is stronger. I can feel it always pulling me towards you and it physically hurts to be away from you.” “But we can’t, he will kill us both,” I whisper. “He would, because he is jealous of what we have. But I will always wait and hope for a future where we can be together, where we can build our future.” “You think that far ahead?” I wonder out loud, knowing that I desperately want a different future, but I can’t keep thinking about it. “Yes, we would be married, have high jobs, maybe both Professors at Hogwarts. I would take over your Father as Potions Master, you would take over the Transfiguration Master. We would live in Malfoy Manor, have children and raise them together. We would find peace together, travel the world.” I smile, noticing the similarities between our fantasies. “How many children?” “Two. I can already imagine them, blond, of course,” he smirks. “A boy and a girl, one has my eyes, the other yours,” I am aware he doesn’t know I actually have green eyes. “They have your nose, they love to read and spend all their time in the library, curled up in their seats. We would join them, I would teach them how to fly and you will lose your mind over how fast and high we go.” My heart aches as I imagine that future, it sounds perfect. “They will be full of mischief, I bet,” I smile. “Always protecting each other and living their best lives.” “Both Slytherins,” he smirks. He pulls me up and wraps his arms around me and pulls me against him, making the bottle at my knee rattle. “You took the potion?” he asks. I can only nod, still too wrapped up in our shared fantasy. “We would name them after the stars,” I look at the night sky. “But it is a fantasy, we know it won’t happen.” “We can hope and dream,” he kisses the top of my head. The rest of the night we spend in silence, just like we used to do, watch the night sky. Listen to the animals in the forest and look at the Giant Squid in the Black lake waving his arms above the water. We let the fresh, crisp, night air fill our lungs, take our worries away, just for a little while and act like this is just like the nights we spend here in fourth year. So many have changed and are still changing. We are just in time for breakfast after falling asleep against each other, sitting against the fence on the platform. We cast cleansing charms on each other and straighten our clothes. The others don’t ask about our night and talk like normal about the upcoming classes. I am surprised to see my Father in the Potion class, I nod to him as a greeting and take my seat next to Blaise. Father is observing the class and how Slughorn is teaching. We have to make a new potion and work in pairs, we have two hours to finish it.I feel very tired and I should not have forced myself to eat the apple for breakfast. My stomach is twisting and turning, but I push through it. I read the ingredients and start preparing them, while Blaise starts up the cauldron. We have to create the Memory Potion, which will increase the ability to remember memories and also boost mental cognition. I ground the Sage to a powder, pick the best Jobberknoll feather and Galantis Nivalis before grabbing the last ingredient. I walk over to the cabinet to grab the stewed Mandrakes, noticing I feel very dizzy, but I distract myself by shaking the bottle to increase the power of the ingredient. Something Father taught me and I look at him with a smirk, he notices and a smile tugs on one of his mouth corners. We brew the potion together, following every direction and taking turns. The only thing we have to add is the stewed Mandrake. Before opening the jar I shake it once again, just to be sure it will increase the potency of it. I uncork it and a sour smell lifts from the bottle, making my stomach turn. I have only a second to figure out my next step. Instead of vomiting all over the floor, I bend over the cauldron and expel everything I ate in the last day from my body. The oder even worse than the stupid Mandrakes. “It didn’t mention that, in the recipe,” Blaise responds shocked. It takes a minute before I can answer him. “Fuck off, Zabini,” I wipe my mouth, noticing a black smear on my hand. No! I look up and see my Father glaring at me. “Sorry,” I mutter and he vanishes the potion before I can. “I’ll go to Madam Pompfrey,” I clean my face before grabbing my stuff and running from the class. I don’t dare to make eye contact with Draco, because the pact will know what this means. They know I took the potion and currently my body is fighting the pregnancy, making me sick. “I’ll keep an eye on her,” Blaise follows me and wraps an arm around my waist. A safe distance away from the classroom he asks. “You took the potion.” I nod, starting to feel the cramps of a very strong period coming up. “Do you really need to go to Madam Pompfrey?'' he asks and winches. “No, it is the potion doing it’s thing,” I murmur. We walk towards the Common Room and I make my way to the bathroom, pulling down my pants and sitting down. I will need a pad when the bleeding starts, before I find the strength to get up, a pad slides underneath the door. “We can feel the cramps,” Pansy explains. “We are here for you, love.” “Thank you,” I tell her, trying to close off the bond so they don’t have to feel it, but I can’t focus enough. I add the pad to my panties and rest my hand on my stomach for a minute before getting out. The whole pact is standing around the door, waiting for me. “Let’s get you to bed,” Blaise wraps an arm around my middle and ushers me up to their dorm. Like they have done before, they change the beds to a single big one. Daphne gives me a pair of joggers and a thick sweater, everyone has changed their clothing. I strip and redress quickly, pulling the bra of my heated and sensitive skin. My breasts are tender and I crawl up the bed. I take the space in the middle and everyone finds their own spot. Where the last time Draco lay next to me in the middle it was Blaise this time. I lay my head on his chest and focus on the confort I feel from everyone being close and touching each other. The cramps are almost the same like a heavy period, something I experience regularly. A cramp takes over and I feel Blaise stiffen. “This really hurts,” he groans. I hear Daphne and Pansy snort. “This feels almost like every period,” Pansy tells him. “Girls are amazing,” Theo murmurs. We spent the whole day laying in bed together. There is a note on the end of the bed, written in my Fathers handwriting. I’m here for you.-SHe is a man of little words, but I care for him deeply. I have to change the pad multiple times during the day and vomit a few times in the toilet. Every time I return to the bed they wrap themselves around me while I grieve.
  
    Chapter Text
    I’m awake early, very hot and we are all wrapped around each other, Pansy and Blaise are laying on both my shoulders, Theo and Daph on Blaise’s side and Draco behind Pansy. I untangle myself from the pact, Draco raises his head, looking at me. “Go back to sleep, I need to do something,” I whisper. He frowns, but lays back down, pulling Pansy against his front. My humanity blocks a lot of emotions, but I can still feel them if they are very strong. I turn my head and don’t even change my clothes as I walk towards my Fathers chambers. It is early but I know he is already awake. I knock and within seconds his annoyed face is visible. “Hermione,” he is surprised. “Hi, we need to talk,” I tell him, straightening my back and taking the lead. He lets me in and I stand in the middle of the room, looking at the bookcase. The order of books has changed. I quickly spot a few books that are out of place, noting that they are all books about dark magic.  “Tea? How are you feeling?” he asks and walks over to the small kitchen, preparing two cups without waiting for an answer. He hands me a cup and waits for me to speak.“I’m sorry,” I start off, not really wanting to talk about yesterday. “I’m sorry for my behavior, I lost control over my life and I acted out. I shouldn’t have and it was reckless, dangerous and stupid. I put our lives in danger and those of my friends. I won’t do it anymore, but I need help. I need your help, please,” I beg. He nods. “I’m always here for you,” his voice is soft and eyes clear. The steam of the tea rises to my nose and I can smell the potion inside of it. It is a simple pain relief potion and the thought makes me smile. He didn’t offer it, I didn’t ask, he just knows that I need a bit.“I need you to train me, you need to help me with Occlumency. It is not strong enough, Veritaserum still pulls the truth from me. I need a way to withstand it and protect my mind and I need to learn more magic, I need power,” I raise my head. “What kind of power?” he asks. “You already spend hours learning Ancient magic, I can ask Narcissa for other books, but I don’t know how much more power you can gain.” “I feel the power of fire,” I tell him. “It responds to my anger and I can feel the power running up my arms. With the right training I will be able to use it.” “Elemental power? That was only rumored to be possible,” he frowns. “I know I will be able to do it, I need to know how I can learn to reach that power,” I feel my magic stir and it shifts my eyes.  The colors dim around me, but the details sharpen. “How will you learn? Books?” He sounds skeptical. I nod. “I just need some information on it, I can figure it out.” He turns around, walks towards his bedroom and it takes him a minute before he returns. “I will help you, I wrote a letter to Narcissa to ask for books. We will start training in a few days, I will prepare enough Veritaserum to train you with.” “Thank you,” I sigh and relax. “Now,” he stares me down. “You are going to behave, join that club of Slughorn and keep your eyes and ears open for information.” “Will the Occlumency help with my humanity?” remembering the faint pain I could feel. “In what way, feeling more or feeling less?” He observes me while frowning. “Feeling less.” He shakes his head. “It is very dangerous to play with your humanity, one wrong move or spell and it is broken. The spell I used was like a dial, but I don’t want you to change even more. It makes you cold and you will regret it.” “I will try with the Occlumency, but if it doesn’t work I need you to increase the spell or I will find someone who is willing to do it,” I drink the tea and look at him, as the sharpest pain fades away. He sees my face relax more. “Are you still in pain?” “Always,” I look away, taking in every pain that my body feels. The burning of the Dark Mark, pulsing of the ring, the constant headaches and also the pain in my abdomen. When I sleep I use silencing spells around my bed and keep the curtains closed. They can’t hear me moan or scream as I wake up from nightmares, from all the torture I already have endured and keep reliving. “How strong is your bond with the pact?” this question drags me back to the present. “Very strong, I can feel their emotions, their pain and I learned to send emotions to them through the bond.” “Why do you all sleep together? I figured I would find you in that dorm, but maybe I hoped to only see Draco against you,” his lips curl in a small smile. “Everyone was touching you. I notice the pact behavior at other moments, you are always close to each other, watching each other and the most clear is when someone insults you. They jump to protect you.” I smile. “You hoped to find me and Draco in the same bed?” I laugh as I sit down on the couch, enjoying that he is secretly shipping us together. “He is a good boy, man, almost. As I see it, he freed you. Saved you from the Gryffindors and in your turn you also made him into who he is today. He is not that cocky, stuck up boy from third year, you changed that.” “I hit him in third year, maybe that is when he snapped out of that behavior,” I smirk as I see the memory of my fist making contact with his nose, his head snapping back against the stone behind him.He raises a brow. “Why am I not aware of this?” I shrug. “Maybe he was scared, but he deserved it.” “I don’t doubt that. Can you feel the difference between the bonds?” “Of course,” I lean against the back of the couch and close my eyes, hand resting on my heart. I pick out each bond, the first one is between us. “We have a bond, it is getting stronger and that makes me happy,” I tell him. “I feel the bond between me and Harry, but it is very faint, almost non-existing. The pact is strong, I can feel them all and then there is Draco, we have the strongest bond. I try to ignore the bond with the Dark Lord, it still feels weird.” “Did you do research on bonds?” I scoff. “Have you met me? I read all the books in the library on bonds. We have a Family bond, just like I have with Harry, but it is not growing anymore. His feelings towards me breakdown the bond, making it weak and maybe even completely breaking it. I have the bond with the pact, and I loved Draco before that, so that is why ours is stronger. We are the Alphas. “Did you read about Soulmates?” he observes me. “Yes, but that is only a rumor. A lot of Purebloods used that excuse to get out of their planned marriages and marry someone they liked more. There isn’t any proof that Soulmates or Soul bonds can exist.” “I hope they do,” he tells me. “I hope that you get your happy ending.” I open my eyes and look at him. “I can’t keep hoping. Seeing him like this, it hurts. He came to me at the Astronomy Tower, and we talked about our future. It was beautiful and everything I ever wanted,” I smile. “He thinks he is going to become the next Potions Master.” This makes him snort. “If you ever become a Professor, you will become the next Potions Master. Doesn’t he know that you are already one?” “We don’t talk a lot anymore,” I sigh. “Blaise is the only one who is really there for me right now. We can talk and we do homework. It is comfortable and we walk around at night, we both have trouble sleeping. It is nice to have him as a friend.” “Please, just keep him as a friend,” he mumbles. I glare. “I don’t sleep with everyone,” I snap. He raises his brow. “You slept with Sirius Black,” he hisses. “Yes and it was fucking good,” I bite back. “It was not a mistake, I agree that we should have remembered the charm, but I don’t regret it and I never will,” my eyes are blazing in anger. “What is done is done, but please no more. Don’t bring yourself in that kind of danger,” his eyes soften and he actually begs, leaning forward and looking me in the eye. I can only nod. Why is my Father one of the Professors, they know everything. “Another cup?” he asks as he stands up to get himself a refill. “No thank you, I’m going to the library.” He nods and I decide to leave the room and change before going to the library. My dorm is empty and the others are still asleep, I can feel it through the bond. It is tempting to curl back in bed and relax, but I can’t. I make my way to the library, straight to the back and into the Restricted Section. I grab the next book on my list on Ancient magic and bring it over to the table I always use. “What are you doing here?” I ask Blaise. “Doing a bit of light reading,” he smirks as I look down at the very thick book in front of him. “I learned from the best.” I set down my own very heavy book and sit down across from him. “Why are you awake and did you block your bond?” “Just for some peace and quiet. I need to get stronger and I am ready to train. You were gone from the bed so I figured you would come here and you could help me.” “I was with my Father.” I cock my head, thinking. I know Draco is jealous of the friendship between me and Blaise, but he is just that, my friend and I need him. We can train each other and he will keep me from making mistakes. “We can train together as long as we vow to keep each other's secrets. I want to train my Occlumency more,” I explain.  We make another vow and start reading the books we picked. Spending the hour before breakfast in silence, the only sounds are quills scribbling on parchment. Before going to breakfast we swap our notes and I read while walking. It is all information about Ancient defending magic, how to create strong shields, being able to send spells through your own shield without losing protection. It is very useful, but I already read it. We are the first at breakfast and we plan to meet in the evening, going to the Room of Requirement and focus on our Occlumency, checking each other's walls. I know there is a small possibility of him seeing my secrets, but if that happens our vow keeps it between us. It might even be a good thing for me, to have someone I can trust and talk to. But I don’t want him to be in more danger than he already is. My Occlumency is strong and difficult to figure out. During dinner an owl drops a letter on my plate, once again with no regard to my food. I pick up the thick parchment. It is an invitation to another Slughorn meeting, this time a party and not just a dinner, the dress code is formal. “Peaches,” Blaise calls from across the table. “Do you want to be my date?” he holds up his own invite. Draco drops his cutlery on his plate and glares at him, but remains silent. “As long as you keep those filthy paws to yourself, and you don’t wear anything with leopard spots,” I wink. He grins and we finish eating. Instead of going to the library we walk towards the Room of Requirement. Two big wooden doors appear and Blaise opens them, I follow him into the huge room. There are windows, as it is dark outside, but I can just make out the trees. The inside looks almost like the common room, dark colors, black, gray and green. It has big leather chairs, the ones I love to curl myself in and read books all night long. “A bed?” I raise my brow at him. “This is my bedroom at home,” he shrugs. “That one has a bed in it.” I walk over to the bookcases, ignoring the bed as I walk past it. I'm not going to comment on how nice and soft it looks and that I want to arrange the pillows around me to create the best reading spot. The bookcase is filled with old books, mostly about charms and it explains a lot. Blaise is amazing at charms, he creates the most beautiful birds and is always the first one to perfect the assignment. I recognise other fiction books, all wizard authors. “If you want, I can give you some books by Muggle authors, they are good,” I offer and turn around to find him laying on his bed. “I would love that. You can make changes to the room if you want. We can create the perfect room just for the two of us.” For the first time in a very long time, I think back about my youth. The first thing that pops up is the big piano, where I spend hours upon hours practicing and perfecting my skill. Besides reading, I could totally lose myself in it. I close my eyes and imagine a grand piano in the corner of the room facing the middle. My fingers itch to touch one again and to play, maybe it could be my new way to cope with the loss of control over my life. It might be less satisfying than sex, but it is safer, in a lot of ways. “You play the piano?” he asks. I open my eyes and see the most beautiful grand piano, the one I always dreamed of. Glossy black, matching seat and waiting to be played. I feel like my six year old self again, seeing a similar piano and walking up to it. Letting my hand glide over it, caress it, over the keys. It feels familiar to sit down again, position my feet and let my hands rest on the keys. I close my eyes and my hands start to move, Fur Elise starts to swell. One of the pieces I worked the hardest on, it was my favorite and my fingers know it well as if it is still a second nature to them even though I haven’t played in years. Beethoven, Chopin, Vivaldi and Tchaikovsky, I remember everything, every piece I love and worked so hard to learn. Blaise joins me on the seat, just sitting and listening to me playing. I take the time to get familiar with the piano, and feel the urge, the desperate need to use the piano to show my feelings. To be able to listen to it, to make it beautiful. I start The Four Seasons, Summer by Vivaldi, my fingers flying over the keys. The music swells, echoing through the room. It surrounds us, creating a small little safety bubble. Tears drip down my cheeks as I lose myself in the piece, a layer of sweat on my heat and my fingers aching, but I don’t stop until I slam down on the last set of notes. I close my eyes, wipe away the tears as the music fades away and I rebuild my mental walls. Once I composed myself, I look at Blaise. He is staring at me, mouth wide open, his eyes glistening with unshed tears. “Fuck,” he breathes. “That…was amazing. Thank you for sharing it with me,” he pulls me into a hug, burrowing his nose in my hair. “I used to play when I was younger. It was a great outlet for frustration and pain. I got bullied a lot,” I tell him. He remains quiet for a few minutes. “I wish you never heard Draco on your first day here. You would have gotten into Slytherin and we could have protected you from that pain. The Gryffindors never deserved you. They didn’t see the value, the potential in you.” “I was seen as a Mudblood back then, you would not have accepted me into this group. We don’t know how things could have turned out, all we know is that we have each other right now. We are family, Blaise, you, Theo, Daph, Pansy and Draco,” it is the truth, they have become my family. “You know Draco was never your friend, right,” Blaise starts off and he feels me stiffen and continues quickly. “You can’t tell me you were friends before you fell in love. The way he talked about you, that was not the beginning of a friendship, that was the beginning of an epic love story and while you didn’t know it at the time, everyone was rooting for the two of you. Even Pansy, she loves Draco like a true brother, nothing more. She is happy she gets to marry him, she will have a great status and it will be better than other alternatives. I think if there is ever a moment where you two can get back together, she would let you. She loves you too, you are our sister, our family.” I sniffle and he wipes away the tears that are once again falling. “He was never my friend and I will always have feelings for him, but I know that we can’t be together. It is just really hard to accept that. Blaise, fuck…I miss him. He is in so much trouble and I can’t help him,” I sigh deeply with frustration. Blaise moves back, giving me space and raises his wand. “I, Blaise Zabini, take this wizard's oath willingly. Secrets shared within this room or told in confidence, will be kept between us. I will not share them with anyone else or make remarks about it. I swear on my magic to uphold this vow.” He creates the rune of promise in the air, it sparkles and his wand lights up briefly, showing the vow is made. “I, Hermione Snape,” I follow his oath and draw the rune. The vow settles inside me. “He needs to kill Dumbledore, if he fails the whole Malfoy family will be punished. The Dark Lord knows that there is a high chance of him failing,” I blurt out, relieved that I can finally tell the truth about it. “Well, fuck Salazar’s sweaty ass crack,” he lets out. I can only stare at him, he never curses like this. “We need to help him, without it being obvious,” Blaise states resolutely. “I know, but how. He cursed Katie, probably by accident. How is he going to kill the greatest wizard of all time?” I growl as the frustrations start to surface again. “I think, for now, all we can do is watch him and pay extra attention to Dumbledore, maybe we figure something out that can help him,” Blaise holds my hand and squeezes to reassure me. “We are a family, we stick together.” “Family,” I smile. “The moment I found out my parents weren’t my parents, I felt like I lost everything. I do like Severus now, but it is so difficult. He just gave me away and didn’t tell me anything. I could have grown up a witch, I didn’t have to feel left out.” “He did what he could, let’s be honest, he needs this job, he couldn’t take care of a baby. How did he figure out about you? Wait,” he squeezes hard. “Can you tell me who your mother is, because we have this bet going.” I am stunned. “You have a bet going? About who is my mother? What? Why?” “Because it is kept a secret and no one believes he had a one night stand,” he smirks. I rub my forehead with my freehand. “Who do you think it is?” I don’t even know if I want to know what they came up with. “My bet is on McGonagall. Draco thinks he slept with a Pureblood, because you are so powerful. Theo and Daphne think you are related to the Black family and Pansy thinks you are related to old Purebloods in other countries.” He leans forward as I stare at him. “McGonagall? How? You do know she is very old.” “Well, that is not a problem. You slept with Sirius Black,” he winks. “I still want details on that.” “You are all wrong,” I think about the oath we swore, he is unable to speak to anyone about this. There aren’t any loopholes and having someone who knows everything would be nice. I wouldn’t have to pretend around him and maybe I can even get him to join the Order. “Please tell me, I won’t change my bet, I just want to know the big secret and the dirt on Severus Snape.” “Oh Salazar,” I sigh. “I can’t believe I am doing this, it still feels unreal.” I wave my hand over my eyes, lifting the spell and I look up at him. He is confused. “Green eyes? They are very pretty, it looks amazing with the black hair,” he frowns, trying to figure out what it means. “Lily Evans,” I tell him, opting to use her maiden name. “I don’t know an Evans, it is not a Pureblood,” he scratches his head, still staring at me. “She got married to James Potter,” I whisper. I did it, I really did it. I made Blaise Zabini speechless. He opens and closes his mouth multiple times, looking like a fish on dry land. “Potter,” he whispers. “I can see why that is a secret, but how?” “It was a drunken one night stand. Afterwards James proposed and she was already pregnant. He accepted me as his own and very soon after giving birth to me, she got pregnant with Harry.” “Potter is your brother?” he is gaping at me. I nod. “Half-brother.” “How many last names do you have?” he chuckles. “I can’t keep up.” I roll my eyes, but count myself. “I started as a Potter, then came Granger, now I have Snape and soon it will be Riddle.”“It should have been Malfoy, but let’s not think too much about that. Draco would lose his mind if he knew you are actually a Potter.” “I’m not a Potter, I’m a Snape.” “No, James adopted you right? That makes you a Potter, doesn’t matter if you changed it. Your magical imprint will always have a part of Potter. You are a part of House Potter and House Prince, maybe that is why you are so fucking powerful. How are people not trying to figure this out more?” “House Prince?” I am confused. “Snape is from the House of Prince, his mother was a very powerful Pureblood witch who fell in love with a muggle and got pregnant. The marriage wasn’t good and she died young, leaving Snape with his father and they were very poor. The man died of alcohol abuse,” he is telling it as if it is written down in a textbook and he had to study it for a test. “How do you know all of that?” I ask, still processing all the new information. “It was one of the biggest scandals of Pureblood society. Everyone talked about it for years. Mother used it to threaten me, don’t you dare to marry outside Purebloods, you saw what happened to Eileen. You will die young if you make such mistakes,” he mimics the voice of his mother, even waving a finger in my face. I don’t know what to say, my mind is blown. There is so much I didn’t know and wouldn’t have figured out on my own. Purebloods are so secretive and information about their beliefs is scarce, at least in books you can find in the Hogwarts library. “I wish you could keep your eyes green, I like it even more,” he reassures me. “Doesn’t it look like you are staring at Harry?” I chuckle. “To be honest, I wouldn’t mind that either,” his smile is small and a blush colors his cheeks, but I can see that he just admitted to something huge and I don’t want to pry, but I want to know more.“Do you want to talk about it?” I ask, knowing he can easily say no and I will accept that. “Well since we are talking about secrets relating to the Potter family,” he chuckles. “I kissed Harry… multiple times.” “You what?” I gasp, not expecting this revelation. “It happened last year. I was constantly high on potions and alcohol and I don’t blame you for anything. We just happened to run into each other, multiple times. He asked about you, then about me and all I could do was tell him I liked his eyes. The times after that it was as if he knew where I was and just showed up. We talked about you, he told me to keep an eye on you and if someone hurt you, he would kill them. We spent hours talking about random things, he never asked about why I was drunk, or about Slytherin. It was just getting to know each other and one night I just kissed him. He kisses amazing,” a blush is spreading on his cheeks.“You liked kissing him?” I remember my own kiss with him, which was awkward and awful. “Yes, he isn’t my brother, that might change the feeling,” he laughs and I go along with him. “Should I be happy for you?” I ask, still unsure what his feelings are about it. “It is not like it would ever work out, I’m branded as his enemy, literally.” I lay my hand on top of his sweater, over the Dark Mark. “We can have hope for a future.” “Stop looking up with those eyes or I will kiss you,” he puckers his lips. I snort. “Will you start flirting even more now you know I have the exact same eyes?” I laugh. I feel so honored to have him open up to me, that even though we have an oath to protect us, he still feels comfortable telling me. This is some big information and it shows that I’m not the only one with a complicated life. “Don’t worry, Hermione. I swing both ways, boys and girls. I like it all,” his eyes are twinkling with pleasure and I can feel the bond between us, it is getting hotter. I bite my lip, the offer is appealing. “It is way too dangerous,” I tell him. “I won’t put your life in more danger and I can handle not having sex, I have the piano now.” “Don’t worry, I don’t see it as a rejection,” he kisses my hand. “But sex on a grand piano is still on my sex bucketlist.” “You have a bucketlist for sex?” Once again he is able to make me gasp. He chuckles. “Of course, gotta keep it interesting and the Astronomy Tower was often in use. Draco told us a lot about his sex life, you can even quiz me.” I hold up my hands in surrender. “I don’t even want to know,” I laugh, sliding to the edge of the seat. “Do you still want to be my date to the party?” he asks, the teasing draining from his voice. “Of course, Blaise. You are still my friend,” I smile. He hisses. “I’m your best friend, Potter and Redhead were never so close to you. I deserve to be called by the title,” he lifts his nose in the air and crosses his arms over his chest. “Blaise Zabini, don’t make me regret this. You are my best friend.” A huge grin spreads out over his face, making him even more beautiful. “Now, I need more details about Sirius Black because I can’t stop thinking about that man.” I laugh and give him a few more details, making him even more jealous about it. We spent the evening laying on the huge couch in front of the fire. I am reading a book about Ancient Magic, what a surprise, but this is a banned book and that is because it is associated with Dark Magic. Every once in a while I reach towards the fire and focus on the feeling it gives me. I can feel the power radiating from it, but it is in a bubble and I can’t reach it, yet. Just in time for curfew we walk inside the Common Room. The pact looks up as we join them. “Where were you?” Pansy asks, looking between us. “Room of Requirement,” I shrug. “We are training for a task,” Technically it is not a lie, we are training, but it is not for a task of the Dark Lord. “You two have a task together?” Draco frowns. “I have a task and she helps me with it, sorry mate,” Blaise follows my small lie. I hate lying to them, but it is for their own safety. We decide to go to bed early. Tomorrow is the party from Slughorn and I need to shop for a dress and Pansy and Daph are helping me pick one. It takes hours before we find the perfect dress, the only thing we change is the color. The original black color is not good enough. I need to stand out beside Blaise, so the sales person changes it to emerald. The color compliments my skin and we buy a matching tie and pocket square. I feel sexy in the dress, it is form fitting and the neckline is low and square, with long sleeves. Very different than I have ever worn. My breasts are still accentuated, without being too much. The dress is stretchy and very comfortable to wear. It has a mesh ruffled up overlay, creating more debt. Once back we start with getting me ready, they are not invited, but they don’t mind helping me. It is a fun day, they curl my hair and apply light make up, just a smokey line around my eyes and a nude lipstick. My hair is getting long and it looks so much better now, compared to years ago. Normally it is soft and wavy, easy to maintain and style. Tonight it is locked into place with multiple spells and it sparkles softly in the light. I add the usual spells to my heels and close them around my ankles with tiny straps. My nails are painted in a nude color. I look so sophisticated and sexy. Gryffindor Hermione would never dare to look like this, or even think about looking like this. We walk downstairs and Blaise is already waiting for me. “Slap me and call me daddy,” he gawks at me. “Hermione, you look beautiful. I’m a lucky man,” he wipes his forehead dramatically. Draco and Theo are also watching and I notice that Draco wants to step forward when I step down the last few steps, but Blaise is quicker. Draco’s face becomes a mask once more, the one I see too often lately. Blaise is wearing the tie and pocket square, everything else is black and I just know that we look like a stunning couple tonight. He holds out his arm and I take it. “Well children,” he chuckles. “Behave, we are going out and will be back late.” I just shake my head and giggle, something I don’t do often. We make our way to the party, the music is soft and classical. “Hermione!” Slughorn shakes my hand. “Lovely to see you. Stunning,” he nods to the dress. “Blaise, welcome boy.” He serves Butterbeer, nothing stronger, abiding by the school rules, of course, how boring. Luckily we know a little spell to change any liquid into something stronger, never as good as Ogden’s Finest, but close enough. Blaise hands me a glass and I wave my hand over both the glasses, changing it for us. We clink our glasses together in a toast. The choker is still around my neck, but it fits the dress this time. During the day it is a pain to combine, it only looks good with the top two buttons of my blouse open.The black diamond pulls a lot of attention and I know people are whispering about my mystery fiance. The room is already filled with people and we are being watched. This afternoon I wanted to try on a dress and took it to the stall, I looked at myself in the mirror and it was beautiful. It wasn’t until Pansy stuck her head inside and told me I couldn’t wear it, that I noticed that it didn’t have any straps and my Dark Mark was visible. I hate that I am so used to the ugly thing that I didn’t even notice it. My snake on the back is mostly covered, only the head sticks out. I don’t mind people thinking I have a tattoo, my hair is covering it mostly. Sometimes a feeling flutters through my body, starting in the tattoo and I know Draco is touching his and I return it, touching mine. As if we are able to communicate with morse code through them. It could be our secret, but he has enough on his mind. “Have I told you how stunning you look?” Blaise smirks. “In the last minute?” I joke. “No, but the minute before that you did.” We sip our drinks and look around. There aren’t only students and current Professors, including my Father, but also a lot of other people. I recognise some people, mostly from the Ministry. I lock eyes with Harry, who is standing next to Luna, who dances like she is in her own little world. I miss Luna, she might be seen as weird or quirky, I liked her. She is smart and very intuitive. I walk over to them, knowing full well that people can report this back to the Dark Lord. Blaise follows, the bond between us shivers, as if he is nervous or excited, or even both at the same time. I look up and he looks just as relaxed as always. “Hi,” I greet Harry, he was watching me walk over to him. “Hi Luna,” I turn towards her and smile. “Hermione,” her voice has that dreamy tone. “Blaise,” she twirls again, enjoying herself. “You look beautiful,” I tell her and she smiles. “The green really suits you, Hermione. I don’t think the ring suits you,” she smiles. “But I don’t think you like it as well,” she excuses herself and walks away. Leaving me behind in shock, and my heart starts to beat faster. “You never wear gold,” Blaise tries to save the moment. I cough, looking down at my hand and pressing the ring against my dress, hiding it without being too obvious. “That is true, rather wear silver jewelry, but it is an heirloom,” I tell them. Harry frowns at it, but doesn’t comment. “How are you?” he asks instead. “I’m good and you?” It is strained but polite. “Good, do you know when the party is done? I don’t like dress robes,” he pulls on the collar. “We just got here, I had to pick out a dress,” I explain. “He didn’t mention an end time.” “Potter,” Blaise nods. “A drink?” Knowing about their secrets makes it easier to notice the slight widening of Harry’s eyes as he looks up at Blaise. He swallows before answering. “I still have a Butterbeer,” showing his glass. “I meant a real drink. Peaches and I drink the better stuff,” he chuckles, always happy to use the nickname in public. “Peaches?” he frowns again and looks between us. “Is that a nickname?” “It is! Okay so it was a saturday and when Theo and I came back in the dorm it smelled like peaches,” Blaise starts off. “Blaise,” I scold, hitting him in the ribs with my elbow. “It is just a nickname, it is fine,” I smile sweetly. “I am very good with Transfiguring a drink,” I tell Harry. “I’ll stick with this. Thanks though,” his eyes trail through the room, only lingering on Blaise for a second. “Normally, I could ask you out to dance,” Blaise scoffs. “Now we are only standing here and talking. Not what I imagined from this party. I dressed up for this.” I smile at the memories of dances we shared, which aren’t many, but he is right about the party, this is just a gathering to show how many people he knows. I straighten his pocket square, before noticing how Harry is watching us. “Are you two engaged?” he asks .“What?” I exclaim, a bit too loud, and take a quick sip to steady the urge to laugh. “No, we are not. Just very good friends.” “I’m her best friend,” Blaise puffs out his chest, clearly proud to say it to his face. “I thought I…” Harry begins, but stops in the middle. “Nevermind, I just…thought…that…with the way you two act. It could be more,” he is blushing and not looking at us. “No, just friends,” I smile. “Are we still…” the question dies on his lips as he looks up. My heart is beating fast and it hurts to realize that he still wants to be friends with me. Even though I am betraying him, that is how he will see it. I might be a part of the Order, he will always see the Dark Mark on my arm and know I betrayed his trust. Yet I can’t find myself to deny his question. He doesn’t know he is my brother, but he can feel the bond between us. “Always,” I tell him and he visibly relaxes. I empty my glass in a big swallow and feel the urge to do the same with Blaise’s glass, but I refrain myself from it. “Hermione,” Father interrupts, drawing my mind back to the present. “Father,” I greet. “Severus,” Blaise smiles cheekily. “Professor,” Harry mumbles. He looks around the little group and nods, his eyes landing on me and he looks a little angry. “Blaise, we should get another Butterbeer… or water,” I add as Father glares at me. “Have a nice evening Harry,” we leave quickly. Father stays behind and talks to Harry, I focus on the conversation. “I need to go back to my date,” Harry tells him. “She can wait for another minute or two. I only want to convey a message,” his voice is cold and bored. “Message?” Harry asks. “From Professor Dumbledore. He is traveling and won’t be able to see you in the coming weeks,” he drawls. “Traveling where?”I turn back to face them, watching them from a distance and making it easier to follow the conversation. Fathers eyes lift to mine as he continues. I stop mid spell to turn the Butterbeer to Firewhiskey, making it a combination of the two. Father ignores Harry, and simply walks away, joining a group of Professors. I don’t have the time to change my drink as there is a commotion. We walk forward to see what is happening. Filch drags Draco inside, he is dressed in his black on black suit. I look up at Blaise, he just shakes his head, I look over at Father who is staring at Draco. “Sir,” Filch announces loudly. “I just discovered this boy, lurking in an upstairs corridor. He claims to be invited to your party.” Oh no, Draco… he must have tried to follow us. Doesn’t he trust us to share important information? “Okay, okay, okay,” Draco backtracks. “I was gatecrashing. Happy?” he sneers. Father steps forward, eyes briefly moving to mine. “I’ll escort him out,” he is towering over Draco, looking very angry, his mouth twitching slightly. Draco pulls himself free from Filch’s hold and straightens. “Certainly, Professor.” They walk out, both ignoring our stares and quickly walking by us. Slughorn chuckles, trying to defuse the tension. “Allright, carry on, carry on,” while laughing awkwardly. Everyone slowly returns to their conversations, but I notice that Harry is gone. No, not again. “We need to go,” I whisper, low enough for only Blaise to hear. He wraps his arm around my waist and escorts me out, without drawing too much attention to us. I cast a disillusionment charm on us, making us blend in with the walls and if you don’t know where to look you won’t find us. I also use a silencing charm on our feet as we follow the voices. Draco is ranting, his frustration coming through. “Maybe I hexed that Bell girl, maybe I didn’t. What is it to you,” he snarls. We watch from around the corner as Father grabs him and pushes him against the wall. “I swore to protect you. I made the Unbreakable Vow.” “I don’t need protection,” Draco hisses. “I was chosen for this. Out of all others, me! And I won’t fail him.” They try to keep their voices low, but they still echo through the empty hall. I don’t know where Harry is and if he can hear them. Casting a spell is too dangerous, I can’t be caught. They won’t trust me if they know I am sneaking around. My heart breaks for him. He really tries to complete his task, he is set on killing someone. “You’re afraid, Draco,” Father tells him. “You try to conceal it but it’s obvious. Let me help you.” “No!” Draco exclaims. “I was chosen. This is my moment,” he pushes off the wall and walks away, his shoes ticking on the ground. Father turns around and walks back, stopping in front of me and tapping his wand against me, canceling my spell. If he knew I was here, he must know that Blaise is standing next to me and chooses not to reveal him. “Don’t tell me I don’t try,” he whispers. “Please,” I beg. “Don’t give up on him,” I have to bite my lip as it starts to tremble. The idea of losing Draco, seeing him get hurt or possibly carry the burden of killing someone, it breaks me. “I won’t.”
  
    Chapter Text
    The weeks fly by, I am swamped with homework and preparing for each class. I love to be able to study on N.E.W.T.S level, it is definitely more difficult than last year. Blaise and I spend almost all our free time after classes in the Room of Requirement. We still spend time in the library with the others, but late in the evening or night we meet in the Room of Requirement. It transfigures itself to our own created room, we read books, help each other with Occlumency and Legilimency. Some evenings I spend with my Father, he uses Veritaserum on me and I am learning to block it. We are increasing the doses each time and it is rare that I let a secret slip. It did create a lot of awkward moments in the beginning. I was an open book for him, even a drop made me spill a truth. I can hold up to over a teaspoon, without spilling a secret or even feel the urge. I am already over the Ministry limit for interrogation, but someone like the Dark Lord would never hold to that standard. That is why I am pushing myself. Each time I take a higher dose it is awful, I sweat, have to bite my tongue until it bleeds and focus on a lot of other memories until the effects start to fade away after half an hour. Each time after that it gets easier until I can keep a straight face two nights in a row and we know we can increase the dose again. Father is very patient, repeating questions and helping me to focus on something else. It is the week before Christmas break and the Professors are not even slowing down with the homework. Father already told me that I am expected to stay at Malfoy Manor during the whole break. The good news is that the whole pact is also staying. I did my shopping for their presents in secret, just short trips to Hogsmeade using the secret tunnels and I can’t wait to give them. I am scanning the books in front of me, I need a potion book for my essay, but I can’t find it on the shelf.“Hermione!” Blaise walks over, pulling me into a quick hug. “Hi,” I breathe. “Everything alright?” “Can we go to the Room?” He is looking around and I know it is because he wants to share something that can’t be said anywhere else. We quickly make our way over there. I wasn’t really hungry so I didn’t go to dinner, deciding that studying would be more productive and I could always go to the kitchens if I wanted something later on. Everyone is still at the Great Hall, making it easy to sneak into the Room of Requirement. Blaise busts through the doors and into our room. He turns around and faces me while holding up a letter. “My Mother… is getting married to Theo’s Father.” “What? How?” I am shocked. “They have been courting for a long time, but I didn’t think he would propose. People think she is cursed and all her husbands die. Courting was fine, nobody died, but this is a whole other level. Theo will become my brother. I don’t mind that, but it is weird.” It is clear that he is upset, I have never seen him like that. “If they have been courting this is a natural second step,” I try. He glares. “That man will never be a Father figure for me, not even human in my eyes,” he growls. “I think I am missing some information,” I tell him, not understanding his hatred for that man. He is pacing, clenching his fists and releasing them. “That man, no, that monster is the reason why I am a Death Eater. He forces Theo to join and I couldn’t leave Theo on his own. Draco was already doomed, Pansy’s father is an asshole and the Greengrasses are only looking to marry off their daughters to rich Purebloods. Without that man, the world would be a better world, only if I could,” he is trembling with anger. “Blaise,” I whisper, laying my hand on his shoulder. He turns to me and his eyes are golden. “Do you want to go outside?” I ask. He only nods. I cast the disillusionment spells on us as we walk out of the room and straight to the woods, using one of the secret tunnels. The moment he steps out into the forest he shifts. The leopard looks back, waiting for me to shift. I stretch, making a little show of transforming and hit the ground on four paws. He immediately submits to me, laying down and waiting for me to touch his head in acceptance. I inhale his deep scent and mark his head with a lick, releasing him from his spot on the ground. He is very fast and I can hardly keep up with him. We spend hours playing in the forest, running and scratching our nails on trees, leaving big scratches behind. I love that we can just be, not having to worry about everything that is going on. Father didn’t make me completely lose my humanity, just lessen it. Maybe if Blaise helped me and I helped him, we could feel better. I don’t want to have my humanity gone, but just more suppressed than I have now. It is in the middle of the night when we return to the open spot and shift back. We remain silent for a few more minutes, just stretching our limbs and getting used to our human bodies again. It always feels a bit small after turning back. He stretches and falls back on the ground, looking up to the sky and sighing deeply. “Why can’t we always feel like that?” “It can,” I tell him and lay down next to him. He rolls his head to look at me. “Do you mean the thing your Father did?” “Yes, it helps, but he is still very protective of me and made it very weak on me. In the beginning I felt like everything was dull, but over the weeks it has already returned to almost nothing.” “You want to make it stronger?” “Yes, I hope you want to help me and I can help you, if you want.” We stare at each other and he is building his Occlumency. “Does it change you?”“The spell can be lifted and your humanity returns, but you will remember everything you did and will be able to feel it. All I know is that I need it if I am going to survive this war. We are soldiers for the Dark Lord, he won’t be doing the killing, that will be us. We will be on the battleground while he is sitting safely in a room, being catered for.”“You already killed someone,” he states and I can only nod. “I need it to, I’m not capable of doing that, taking someone's life.” The moon shines above us and I admire the beauty and the peace it gives me. I sit up on my knees and Blaise mirrors me. “Can you do me first?” he asks. “Of course, lower your mental walls,” I take his hand and squeeze him. I give him a moment to get ready, I know he is going through his memories and pushing them away. He uses a bookshelf to hide his memories, it is a good system, he spreads it out a lot, not every book is filled and sometimes it looks empty but somewhere in the middle is a memory. He sighs and a tear slips down his cheek, I wipe it away and the moment he looks at me I see that he is vulnerable and I strike. “Vertere motus.” I am sucked inside his mind, but there aren’t any memories to be seen. Just colors. I float through them and feel a rush of the emotions they represent. There is a lot of blue and purple, sadness and anxiety. Luckily I also see a lot of smaller spots of yellow and even some pink, joy and love warm my body after the coolness of the other emotions. I touch a pink bubble and I see flashes of our friends and even me and leave it alone. We need to stay close together, stay a pact. The moment I touch a big blue bubble I am filled with extreme sadness, almost feeling like I am drowning in it. I close my eyes and let it all drain away, turning it gray and lifeless. It feels like hours that are going by as I touch bubbles and suppress the emotion, the pain, anxiety, joy and his compassion. In the end there are only a few spots of color left, red, orange, two pink bubbles and even multiple black ones, which are filled with hatred for Theo’s father and the Dark Lord. I pull back from his mind and he slumps against me. He draws in a deep breath and leans back again. I watch his eyes change to golden, I wait until he says something, just to confirm I didn’t break him. A smirk breaks through and when I reach out through the bond he feels cold and as if he is empty. The first few weeks are worse, everything has to settle. I didn’t throw away his whole humanity, I left enough to give him some feelings and remember what our goal is. “Fucking hell and sweet Salazar. I feel amazing,” his eyes catch the moonlight, making them almost glow. “Help me,” I ask and I am already cleaning up my Occlumency before looking up and dropping the walls around my mind.“Vertere motus,” is the last thing I hear before everything turns black. Emotion after emotion disappears, the first thing to go is jealousy and it feels like a weight is lifted from my shoulders. It is quickly followed by sadness, anxiety, doubt, frustration and empathy. With every loss of emotion I started to feel colder, but that feeling is gone. I’m not cold or warm anymore. Blaise’s scent surrounds me as I wake up, he pulled me on his lap, his legs stretched out and my knees besides his hips. My eyes burn and I know that they have shifted to golden. I’m closer to my animal side than ever before, it is as if the wolf is hiding just below the skin and ready to jump out at any moment. I inhale deeply and notice the change in scent on him, he smells more earthy and musky. “What do you feel?” he asks. I laugh, sitting more upright and laying my arms around his shoulders. “Nothing,” I whisper in his ear. “I know I wouldn’t feel any remorse or sadness, I feel like I can take on the world and win this war,” he doesn’t need to know which side I want to win. All I know and look forward to is killing the Dark Lord, seeing the light fade from his eyes. Blaise puts his hands on my hips. “No remorse?” he asks, looking down at me. “Nothing,” I giggle. "Absolutely none.” He uses one finger to tip up my face and he leans forward. “Do you also feel this urge to let go of it all?” his lips almost brushing mine. “I really want to give in to a desire, one I have for a long time. “Tell me about this… desire,” I whisper back, moving my head forward just enough to caress his lips. “I'd rather show,” he growls and kisses me. He wraps a hand around my throat while the other squeezes my hip, pulling me forward. He starts to harden under me and I start to move slightly, giving us both pleasure, just small sparks shooting through us. I feel them vibrate through the bond between us, making it difficult to feel where mine stop and his start, it just becomes one and more intense. He bites my lip, quickly replacing the sting with a small kiss. “I love that school uniform on you.” His hand drops to my thigh, teasing the spot where my skirt meets skin. Slowly drawing circles over and underneath the fabric. I grind over his hard cock, pushing my lacy panties against my sensitive little clit, making me tremble. Blaise sniffs, leaning towards me. “Peaches,” he smirks. “Can’t help to enjoy that sweet scent. It is not lingering in our room anymore. Always helped me to fall asleep.”“Are you actually suggesting that you jerked off to my scent of arousal?” I giggle. “I don’t need to suggest. I can tell you. We couldn’t hear or see anything, but slowly the whole room started to smell like delicious, sweet, juicy, peaches. I can get hard just thinking about it. Theo did it as well, just so you know,” he smiles his devilishly handsome smile, just showing a bit of his teeth, making me desperate to feel him bite me again. “That is awful to know,” I chuckle and roll my eyes, playing along. “I was in the understanding that you were perfect gentlemens.” “Oh no, we are the worst, just a bunch of hormonal teenagers. My dick was raw from jacking off to you so much.”“Blaise!” I push against his shoulder playfully. “I wish I could taste or feel it, enjoy it like Draco could,” he licks his lips and I can only focus on his mouth. “Does it turn you on, knowing that we all wanked while thinking about you. That we were jealous of Draco?” “Yes,” I whisper, wetting my own lips.His hands slip under the skirt, moving over my hips and caressing the lace. “We shouldn’t,” I tell him, but hoping he doesn’t agree and just fucks me. “You are only engaged. He won’t know, we can keep it our secret,” he licks the shell of my ear, making me shiver. “I want this too. I had my own fantasies, you know,” I laugh softly, angling my head away to give him more access to my neck. “Tell me,” he pulls me closer to him, his hands holding my ass.“The four of us, having fun, being teenagers and experimenting,” I tell him, letting the images take over my mind. “You wanted us all, at the same time. Could you handle that?” he nips my ear, pulling a bit. “Yes,” I hiss, bucking my hips towards him. “Four cocks, that is a lot. Are you a good girl, our pet?” He sucks on my neck. “I am,” I moan, ruining my panties by soaking them. “You like the name pet. You liked to be praised. Does it get you wet when Professors praise you, rewarding you for your efforts?” His voice is deep and silky smooth. “Sometimes,” I breathe. “When?” he demands to know, squeezing my ass. “When the Professor is hot,” my cheeks flush with memories of me squirming on my seat in class, hormones raging through my body. “Who, Hermione,” he pushes. “Professor Lupin,” I moan, spilling the truth. “And, go on, admit it. I remember you in potions, always desperate to say the answer and getting praised. Which we both know he doesn't do. Say his name, Hermione. When you were young you got hot thinking about Professor…” “Snape,” I cry out as he cups my sex, fingers pushing up against my clit. “Was it the deep voice? Or that you really had to follow the rules to get his praise?” He smirks. “Both, but not anymore,” I tell him. “How did you know?” I told nobody about this, never said it outloud or wrote it down. He never saw the memories of those moments. Father doesn’t even know about it, it was the first thing I learned to hide from him. “I watched you, even when you were an annoying Gryffindor swot. I was jealous that you were gathering points for them and they didn’t even appreciate it. They would lose them quicker than you could earn them and in the end you would still win the house cup because Dumbledore would give unfair amounts of points to Potter and the Weasel.” “You never talked to me,” I state and move myself over his hand, getting desperate for more friction or an orgasm. “Of course not, you were the forbidden fruit. Draco already expressed his interest in you, his need to search for you and get close. The only way he knew how was to insult you. I told him that he should just ask you about homework, act like a normal human being,” he snorts. “Biggest mistake of my life. If I had the balls to do so I wouldn’t be the one wanking off to the smell of peaches. I would be the one creating that sweet scent and fucking that wet, tight little cunt of yours.” I still as he pulls my panties to the side, one finger swiping through my folds, gathering my juices. “You still can,” I tremble, waiting until his fingers plunge inside of me. “Am I making you wet, Hermione?” he licks my throat. I nod. “Use your words like a big girl,” he bites my shoulder. “Yes, Blaise, you make me wet and this is not the first time,” I admit.“Good girl,” two fingers fill me up, deep and spreading me wide. We moan. He curls his fingers while pumping them inside me slowly, too slow for me to come, but I am getting near the climax. My mouth drops open and I can’t think in full sentences anymore. “Can I fuck you, Hermione?” he asks, spreading his fingers until it starts to sting. I whimper as I feel my juices drip down my leg with the idea that his cock is even bigger than the ones I already had. “Please, Blaise,” I beg. “I want to taste you first,” in one sweeping motion he angles me back and pushes me off his legs, within seconds he buries his face underneath my skirt. His tongue dips inside and gathers all the wetness.We both moan, loudly as he focuses on my clit while slipping two fingers in me. He keeps spreading them, spreading my juices around and opening me up more to be able to take his cock. “I want to come,” I beg, my whole body is trembling. “You will, when I allow it,” his lips move against my cunt.He keeps it up for minutes, making me balance on the edge until I am sweating and unable to keep my eyes open. He sucks, pushing his fingers inside and pressing up. A pressure starts to build and he keeps going until it feels like I am going to explode. “Come,” he growls, nipping at my clit and I am lost. I explode, feeling myself squirt while I cry out his name. His hair is too short to grab onto, so I push his face to my center until I can’t hold up my arms anymore. They fall to the side while my chest rises, trying to catch my breath and regain solid vision. I am literally seeing stars. He lifts his head, the moonlight is reflected on all the liquid on his face. I gasp as I watch a drop of my own juices drip from his chin, landing on my exposed thigh. “I love peaches,” he grins, licking his lips before vanishing the remainder from his face.“Fuck…Blaise,” I mewl not knowing what else to say, I am lost for words. He rolls to his back, and I see that his pants are straining to hold in his cock. I wave my hand, releasing his buckle, making him groan. “Can I?” I ask. He nods and waits for what I am going to do. I crawl over him, spreading my legs and hover above his face, giving him a view of my slit again. I lean over and lower his trousers. The zipper almost pops open. He raises his hips and I push down his pants and boxers. His cock jumps free, laying heavy on his stomach, reaching over his own navel. “Fucking Salazar,” I curse as I take in his size. He is not only very long, but also thick. The head weeping pearly liquid on his stomach. I use my finger to gather it and suck it clean. “Suck me,” he begs, pulling my hips down and licking my slit. I take him in my mouth, slowly bobbing my head and taking him deeper each time. Getting used to him and trying to relax my throat enough. I use my hands to jerk him off, giving him more the feeling that his whole cock is being stimulated. We take our time, pleasuring each other and not worrying about time or getting caught. Nobody comes into the forest at this time. “Ride me, Hermione. Use me, I don’t mind. I am your best friend and you can use me,” he tells me, pushing me up. “I understand the struggle for control.” His cock pops out of my mouth and turning over to face him. “We have no control,” I tell him. “Then take it,” he growls, grabbing my hips, really digging in his fingers. I grab his cock, guiding it to my entrance and I impale myself on him, slowly, really taking in his size and getting used to it. “You can use me too, Blaise.” I push myself up and fall down again, clenching around him, feeling every ridge on his cock. Blaise pulls his wand free from his arm strap and touches my belly. “Purebloods really love breeding,” he smirks. “But at least I am smart enough to prevent it now.” I chuckle. “You better, maybe one day they will call me the Pureblood destroyer,” I gasp as he pushes his hips up. He laughs and mutters the spell, sending the heat through my lower belly. “You should know all the dirty things I would do to you,” he pushes me on his cock. “If we keep it a secret, we can explore,” I moan.He hisses his agreement, using his thumb on my clit, rubbing circles. I throw back my head, arching my back and setting my hands just above his knees. Making it easier to move and feel more of his cock. “Just friends,” he breathes.“Just fucking,” I add. “Nothing more. Just friendship.” I tremble, not able to keep up with his rhythm. He rolls us around, holding himself up and starts to really move. I wrap my legs around him, angling my hips to meet his thrusts. “Control,” he grunts. I nod, sweat dripping down my forehead as my whole body starts to seize. “Come for me, Hermione. Show me that face of yours when the orgasm rips through you. Cry out my name,” he pushes me closer and closer to the mind shattering orgams. I choke on my own breath as I fall off the edge into oblivion. The moment I can draw a deep breath, I moan his name, hold on to him as I lose control over my body. My back arching and every muscle contracting and I feel him spill in to me, continuing to fuck me until the very last drop. He rolls off and cleans us both with a wave of his wand, removing his seed from my thighs and the sweat from my body. I gaze up at the stars, trying to ground myself again. “You are amazing, Peaches,” he kisses my cheek and pulls me towards him. “You too, Blaise. You really are my best friend,” I curl into him, enjoying the feeling of his skin against mine. “We should probably get back and get a few hours of sleep,” I mumble. We take another few minutes to relax and regain strength for the walk back. My whole body tingles. He gives me a quick kiss before we both go up the stairs to our dorms. For the first time in months I fall asleep quickly and don’t have any dreams or nightmares. I am late for breakfast, everyone is already eaten when I sit down. “Goodmorning,” I greet them. “Morning,” Blaise winks. “Short night?” I roll my eyes. “Yes, Blaise,” I agree simply. “How come?” Pansy asks, raising one eyebrow at me. She must have been awake when I came into the room. “We had a run in the woods, lost track of time,” I shrug and eat. “And how does that explain the lack of humanity?” Pansy hisses. Blaise chuckles. “Don’t worry, Pans. I’m still an amazing, awesome, great person. Maybe even better, because I don’t care about a lot of things anymore. Right, bro,” he raises his glass to Theo. “What do you mean?” Theo asks, confused. “Bro? Your Father is going to marry my mother. She sent me a letter last night.” Theo is stunned, his mouth hanging open while he stares at Blaise. “That made you turn off your humanity? The idea that we are going to be brothers?” “No, you are already my brother, just like Draco. But…”he looks around the table. “Let’s all admit that your Father is an arsehole and he will be even a bigger one if he can claim two sons in the ranks,” he ends in a whisper. “And there will be war,” I shrug. “I don’t want to feel all those emotions.”“Are you really numb?” Daphne asks. “Blaise is being dramatic and an ass. We are not numb, it takes a few weeks to settle down. I recommend it, just take the edge off,” I bite my toast. “Such trust you put in me, maybe I took away all of your humanity and this is how you will always feel,” Blaise smirks. I scoff. “You say I didn’t do the same thing to you,” I smirk and lean forward. “Maybe we start killing everyone here and laugh about it.” “Great idea, I am in the mood for some Weasel,” he laughs and I join him, leaning back and finishing my toast. Daphne is staring at me, eyes wide. “That was a joke right?” “Yes, Daph. Just joking, we didn’t lose our minds,” Blaise reassures her. “I do kinda hope that the Weasel is a little bitch today and I have a reason to kick his ass.” “Just watch him do magic and fuck it up, he will blame you,” I note. Draco remains silent for the whole breakfast and in the first class. The morning classes are boring, but I spend the time writing notes on the subjects and on new ideas where I can find more information about the ring. After lunch we have DADA and today is all about dueling, something we are very good at, so another easy class. Father walks in and demands us to get up. “We are practicing today,” he pushes all the tables to the side, creating an open space in the middle. “Hermione, help me demonstrate,” he adds. I smile and walk to the middle of the room, lifting the hem of my skirt lightly to grab my wand. He takes a hold of my wrist. “Wear an arm strap in school,” he whispers and glares. I shrug. “Fine,” as I unbuckle the strap around my thigh, lifting the hem again and sizing it over my right arm. “Today we are splitting you up in duos, one Gryffindor and a Slytherin. There will be no fights or you will receive a month in detention, no exceptions,” he looks around. “The goal is to win the duel. You are not allowed to use curses or create lasting damage. Be respectful and follow the dueling etiquettes.” He bows for me, and I follow his example. I take my dueling stance and wait for him to strike. He starts off with stinging hexes straight at me and I block them easily. Normally I would use wandless magic, but I don’t want to give away too much of my power and it is probably not allowed during sixth year dueling. “Don’t only play on the defense,” he explains. “At one point, to win, you must attack. You can wait for the proper moment, but don’t wait too long.” I use my favorite little trick, sending a bombarda at his feet, followed by stinging hexes on his hand. He is fast and knows my strategy, blocking everything. He doesn’t foresee my sticking hex, making it impossible to move his feet. I smirk as I walk forward, my wand pointed at him and bowing when I reach him. “Finite,” I cast on his feet and he is able to walk again. I look up and he is mildly surprised. He has seen me battle and train a lot of times, but this was a new combination. I don’t use this spell often and that is why I choose it. “Twenty points for Slytherin,” he nods and I join the others. “Pick your partner carefully…,” he warns, but before he can finish Ron interrupts. “I chose Hermione!” He points his wand at me. “...it needs to be a fair duel,” Father finishes. “Mr. Weasley, maybe someone else might be a better fit for you, seeing the history between the two of you.” “I can take her,” he snaps, still pointing his wand. I turn my head to Blaise. “Seems like he is asking for it,” I whisper, before stepping forward. “I accept, but don’t go crying to mommy when you get your ass handed to you.” “Your daddy is close by for you, don’t be ashamed of it,” he smirks. I wonder if this is the right time to make a comment about which daddy he means, but I am not ready to display any information about who I sleep with. Nobody moves to make other duos, they are all watching us. I can’t blame them, we all know that this is going to end badly. Ron steps forward, walking to the spot where Father stood and I walk back to the middle. He is already in a dueling stance, but I bow respectfully, looking up at him, waiting for him to follow. Unsurprisingly, he doesn't; he is just glaring at me. “Clearly mommy never taught you any manners,” I quip. He sends a stinging hex at my hand, but I wave up a shield. All the possibilities flash through my mind on how I can make him bow, but most of them are illegal. “Mr. Weasley,” Father snaps. “Follow the etiquette, you just watched us do it.” He bows, barely, just tipping forward a bit and taking his stance. I take the time to observe him, not hiding how my eyes roam over his body. His feet are too close together, making it an easy target, his elbow is pointing inwards and limiting his movements for bigger spells and his hair is hanging in his eyes. He shakes his head while raking his hand through it, but it flops back in place. I tap my hair and cast a beauty charm, which braids my hair down my back, pulling it away from my face. The urge to pull up my sleeves is big, but I don’t forget where I am and who these people are. I can’t reveal my Dark Mark and there isn’t a glamour that works on the stupid thing. “Petrificus Totalus,” he shouts, waving his wand. My shield is still intact and I feel too lazy to really counter his spell. He will get tired quickly and I can finish him easily. “Locomotor Wibbly,” he follows up, trying to get me to fall, but he is not focussing enough. It is as if he forgets I have a strong shield in front of me. “Incarcerous, Reducto, Bombarda,” nothing is working for him, if he would think about every spell he uses he would know that they are easily blocked with a shield. I’m bored and ready to play and for the fun of it, I will use vocal spells. “Incarcerous,” the ropes strike like a serpent, wrapping around his ankles and wrists. “Reducto,” I aim at the ground near his feet. It explodes and pieces of stone spray over him, the dust making it difficult for him to see me. I step to the side, outside his direct vision. The ropes wrap around his whole body and I am ready for the final blow. “Bombarda,” I aim behind him, the strong blast tips him over, falling face first on the ground and I release the binding spell on him. I walk to him, crouching in front of him and touching his forehead with my finger. “Boom! You’re dead.” I stand up and look around while twirling my wand between my fingers. “Who is next?” I smirk. Ron scrambles to his feet. “I can’t believe how much you have changed,” he sneers. “You were sweet and kind. Now you are just a bitch.”“Don’t act like you are surprised by this outcome,” I start off. “First of all, your dueling sucks, your feet are too close to each other, making you unstable. To perform spells right, you need to make a lot of movements easily, pointing your elbow in limits your ability to do so. To be able to win, you need to see your opponent, that hair of yours is getting in your way. Secondly, you are partly to blame for who I am, when people treat you like shit, you become numb to it. Just take your defeat and get back to your girlfriend who will inflate that ego of you even more,” I hold out my hand, knowing he will not take it. “Get away from me, you filthy Death Eater,” Ron sneers, slapping my hand away. The whole pact joins me, Draco next to me, Blaise and Theo flanking us and behind them Pansy and Daphne.“I don’t know what dark magic he used on you to corrupt you,” he screams, pointing to Draco. “But I did everything I could to keep you normal. I loved you and you still changed.” I glance at Father, he is just watching us. It is better to do this in a classroom, instead of secretly in the hallways. “You never loved me,” I scoff“He might think he loved you,” Draco defends him, earning a raised brow from me. “But he thinks looking at you the same way he looks at food is love,” Draco smirks, his voice cold and flat. Reminding me of a couple of years ago, when he used that tone against me. “I don’t look at her like she is food,” he growls, stepping forward. Harry and Neville step up to pull him back, but he shrugs them off. “Not anymore you are. You now use a look of disgust. I don’t blame you for wanting to eat her, let me tell you. She is very sweet and delicious,” Draco winks while smiling devilishly. “Draco,” I warn, glaring. “Only speaking the truth, Peaches,” he holds up his hands in mock surrender.  “Aren’t you engaged to Pugface Parkinson?” Ron asks. That’s it. The drop that makes the bucket spill. I draw back my arm, close my hand in a fist and hit him on the nose. His head snapping back and he crumples to the ground while cursing. “Bitch,” he seethes, blood pouring through his fingers. . “It is much more fun to see the hit from this side,” Draco remarks, earning another glare. “Hermione,” Father snaps. “Class dismissed.” Nobody is moving, just watching us. I straighten and look at my Father. He grabs my hand, which is still clenched into a fist. “Next time,” he pulls on my thumb. “Remember to not tuck in your thumb.” “What,” Ron screams. “The Headmaster will hear about this!” “The Headmaster…” Dumbledore’s voice comes from the door. “Has seen enough to know that you gave her enough reasons to do this. Professor Snape will give you a week of detention,” he addresses Ron, before turning to me. “Miss Snape…” I wait for him to fuck me over, but I am surprised. “Another twenty points for Slytherin. You gave him honest feedback about his dueling stance, something that is very important and might give him a benefit in the future.” I don’t miss his reference to the approaching future. We both know, if we end up on a battlefield and Ron doesn’t improve, he will be dead within seconds and I wouldn’t mind being the one to send the spell that ends him. “She doesn’t even get punishment for hitting me?” Ron seethes. “I already took points away, before giving the remainder,” Dumbledore answers. “Now, class dismissed,” he claps his hands, pulling everyone from their daze and they scramble out of the classroom. Dumbledore watches me, as I don’t move, he is observing my eyes. My eyes are still golden, just like Blaise’s. “Don’t you have somewhere to be?” he raises a brow. I look up at my Father, who is also watching me. “Make his detention good,” I smirk before turning and grabbing my bag. The pact stays close as we make our way to the library for the remainder of the class, before our last one starts. “Will your eyes stay golden?” Pansy asks. “I think they will, we are closer to our animal sides than before and besides, I don’t mind. I can still see color, but just more dull,” I shrug, looking over my Herbology homework. We leave early to be on time for the class, taking our time walking to the greenhouses. The class goes by without a hitch, Ron and Harry are nowhere to be seen and the Gryffindors stay as far away from us as possible. Before I know it we are sitting at our table again, waiting for dinner to show up. “Peaches,” Blaise whispers. “Do you have a lot of homework tonight?” “No,” I raise my brow in silent question. “Me neither,” he smiles. “Want to take a run?” “Sure,” I answer just as the food appears and I start to fill my plate. “Are you guys coming?” I ask the others. “Yeah,” Theo is the first to respond. “It’s been a while.” Pansy and Daphne also agree, but Draco doesn’t respond. He is staring at the entrance of the Great Hall. I turn around to follow his gaze. Harry is walking up to Katie Bell and people are already whispering about her return. Some people didn’t think she was alive after being cursed, but here she is, standing and looking very uncomfortable by Harry’s questions. I focus and try to listen to the conversation. “I’ve been trying to remember,” he tells him, her voice falters as she looks over to the Slytherin table. Draco stiffens, staring at her, before I can take his hand or keep him from losing it, he pushes away from the table and storms out. Harry is quick to follow him. As Harry walks past I notice that he is holding a book, the potion book. In all my years I know him, he has never carried a book with him. He used them more as a pillow to rest his head on during classes or doing homework than reading the information inside. My sharpened vision notices the bad shape of the book and something feels off about it. He was late to the very first class of potions and he had to take a second hand book from the cabinet, fighting over it with Ron. Why hasn’t he replaced the book with a new one after all this time? He can afford to buy a new copy of the book, why is he willingly walking around with a book. “I need to go,” I tell the others. “Just stay here, I will keep him out of trouble.” A feeling of panic floods through me. I am ready to obliviate Harry, he is once again putting his nose where it doesn’t belong and creating problems. I can’t allow this to go on. They are already out of the main hallway and I follow the scent and bond towards Draco, letting my wolf guide me. I round a few corners until I can hear them faintly. They are throwing spells at each other, I hear glass shatter and water is spraying. “Sectumsempra!” Harry yells. I am only a few steps away from rounding the corner, but I don’t see the flash of light as my chest explodes in pain. When I look down I don’t see anything and it dawns on me, that it is not my pain I am feeling. NO! I run into the bathroom, my feet already wet by the water that is gushing out of multiple sinks. Draco is laying in the middle, his blouse sticking to his body and his sweater on a heap beside one of the broken sinks. “Harry!” I scream. “Get away from him,” I let myself fall next to Draco.“He cursed Katie!” Harry shouts back, clearly in a panic. I raise my wand, pointing at him, threatening him to not come closer. “Leave,” I demand. Draco is coughing, blood dripping from his mouth and he chokes on it. I access the wounds, and I know the spell and I know who created it. The other question is how does he know the spell? Father wrote it down in one of his school charm books. To kill. I wave my wand over Draco, trying to find if he is hit with other spells that might interfere with my healing. His breathing is slowing down and I know I am running out of time. “He did it, Hermione. Stop defending him!” He steps closer, but I glare at him. “You can’t prove it, Harry. You could have killed him!” I rip open Draco’s shirt, he doesn’t even move anymore. The slashes are deep and over his chest, I gasp as I start to wave my wand over him. “Vulnera Sanentur,” I chant, repeating it over and over again, almost singing it. Tears are streaming silently down my face, but I focus on my task. The love I have and still feel inside of me is mostly for him. He is my everything and to know that I could have lost him, it is devastatingly painful. Slowly the bleeding stops and the wounds knit together. My left hand is covered with his blood and it makes me sick to see, without thinking about it, I wipe it on my sweater. “How do you know the countercurse?” Harry asks.“I read a lot.” I respond vaguely. I touch Draco’s cheek, caressing it. He moans my name, a tear escaping and I wipe it away with my sleeve. “Hush, my love,” I tell him. “I’m always here. Always.” “He is going to marry Parkinson,” Harry notes, sharing his knowledge. “He is,” I agree. “But you two are in love and you are going to marry someone else. Did Snape set this up? Is he forcing you to marry someone? Does he want to follow Pureblood traditions?” he lashes out. “He is not, Harry. You don’t understand,” I tell him, trying to be as vague as possible. “Then make me understand!” he growls and I look up. My eyes are glowing with anger and he hasn’t even noticed that the dark brown is gone and replaced by gold, but the moment I look up he sees it and steps back. “Your eyes,” he gasps. “How? Why?” “Get out,” I know my anger is quick to lash out and that is the last thing that needs to happen right now. He needs to leave and Draco needs to get to the hospital wing. “Get out, and I won’t tell anyone that it was you.”He scoffs. “He started it, you know. He was crying in here, because he saw Katie return. He cursed her, he is a Death Eater, I know it. He was throwing curses at me,” his face is filled with anger and he tries to look at Draco’s wrist, but my body blocks it. Luckily I had a split second to think about the water soaking through his blouse and the Dark Mark showing through the light fabric. “You need to leave Harry, and I know where you got that spell from. Get rid of the book. You could have killed him, you are lucky I followed you,” I am wiping the hair away from Draco’s face, his body is very still and I know he has lost a lot of blood, which is not only seeping in his own clothes, but also in mine. My sweater and blouse are streaked red and I am sitting in the red water, ruining my skirt and even my panties. I hate the idea that it is his blood, but I need to be strong for him, protect him. Harry hasn’t seen anything that confirms his suspicion that Draco is a Death Eater. I wipe over his chest, the slashes will scar. The largest starts at his left shoulder, diagonally over his chest and ending beneath his ribs on the right side. One smaller one straight over his lower stomach, just above his beld and the last looks more like a stab wound in his side. My fingers trail over the snake on his right shoulder, hopefully he feels me touching him and it reassures him. I can’t feel him over the bond. I look up as Father strides over to us and I lean over Draco, the animal urge to protect him takes over. I am sitting on my knees, my body over Draco’s chest and leaning on one hand on his other side, covering him as much as I can. Father holds up his hands as he approaches more. “I’m here to help,” his voice and expression are soft, one he doesn’t use around other students.I lean back, giving him more access to Draco, but I don’t lose eye contact or move further away. My wolf is moving inside me, pacing around and growling. Alpha, alpha, alpha. Must protect. Mine, mine, mine. McGonagall walks in and gasps at the scene. “Potter, come along,” she pulls him along, even if he struggles against it. He keeps his eyes on us as he is forced out of the bathroom. Father and I are alone. “What happened? Did he see?” “I was just in time,” I whisper, my heart is beating fast and the tears are drying on my cheeks. “He didn’t see. He used your spell on him, we are lucky I knew the counter spell or he would have died,” I hiss, anger flaring up and it is a good thing Harry is gone. “You did something with your humanity, I see it by your eyes. People can start to guess that you are an Animagus, especially Professors,” he lectures me as he moves his wand over Draco, pulling up multiple diagnostic charms. I can see that he is not dying anymore, but still in critical condition. The wounds may be closed, but there are still remnants of the curse inside of him. It will scar, no Dittany will help to prevent it. “Blaise helped me,” I admit after a minute of silence, while we both studied the chart floating above us. “I needed more, I needed more control and I was losing it. Feeling too much. We were careful about the things we left behind, I know what I need to do and our goals. Give me a few weeks to let it settle and I promise to be better.” He looks at me and eventually nods. “He needs to go to the hospital wing, help me levitate him. I will make sure you can stay with him.” “The Mark,” I whisper and look down. His blouse is see through, just like I expected and the Dark Mark is visible. Father levitates Draco and casts a drying charm on him. It is hidden again and I raise my wand to help him carry Draco to the hospital wing. Madam Pomfrey is waiting, already expecting us by the looks of it. We lay him down on a cod in the back of the hall. I sit quietly as I watch her work together with my Father. They remove his blouse and reveal smaller cuts on his arms. She isn’t even surprised by the Dark Mark, doesn’t even look at it as she starts putting Dittany in the smaller wounds. “Severus,” McGonagall calls out. “Can we take Hermione to figure out what happened?” She can’t see us, since Madam Pomfrey set up screens around us. “No,” Father snaps. “She is not leaving. You will have to wait, Minerva.” She doesn’t cross the screens but still tries to make me leave. “We need to hear the whole story.” “Then you don’t need her, but Mr. Malfoy, who is currently unconscious and being treated. We will have a discussion about the punishment for Mr. Potter after I am finished here,” he jerks his head towards the bed and I rush over. “Hold him up, dear,” Madam Pomfrey explains as she grabs a bottle from a tray. “Just a blood replenishing potion,” she explains as she notices my staring. I pull Draco up and rest his upper body on my thighs, I pull up one leg to sit half behind him. “I’m here,” I murmur and she opens his mouth and gives him two bottles of the stuff. Father stepped out to talk to McGonagall, but I can’t even focus on their conversation. The color returns to Draco’s cheeks and all I can do is brush my fingers through his hair, over his face and hold him to me. I spent the whole night by his side. Every hour Madam Pomfrey checks on him and finds me on the side of his bed, wide away and watching over him. By morning my whole body hurts, but I don’t complain about it, I simply stretch and return to the seat beside him. Father brings me a plate of breakfast, but I ignore it. I am too focussed on Draco, they gave him potions to stay asleep and give his body time to heal on its own. The bond feels dark and unresponsive, I hate this feeling as if he is not here. After school the pact joins us and we sit in silence. Draco’s chest is wrapped in bandages and I help refresh them each hour. I apply the Dittany balm to the red, raised lines over his chest. Pansy doesn’t even say anything about me hovering over him, always touching him and caring for him instead of her and I am very grateful for it. “Hermione,” I look up, thinking I am imagining things. “It is okay, dear,” Narcissa takes a hold of my hand which is covering Draco’s. “What are you doing here?” I ask. “He is coming home, Christmas break is starting and it will be better for him to be home,” she caresses his hair. “I’m sorry,” I tell her. “For what, dear?” she asks, not looking up. “I could have prevented it,” I admit, thinking about all the things I could have done differently. “You did all you can. We all know that it was going to happen, one way or another,” she smiles sadly. “I will always love him,” I tell her, feeling the need to make it clear. “I know he is going to marry Pansy and I am going to get married,” refusing to say his name. “My heart belongs to him. Always.” “I know, I’m counting on it.”
  
    Chapter Text
    “Hermione, are you ready?” Pansy asks. I am sitting on the edge of my bed, my trunk is packed but I can’t find the motivation to go downstairs and walk to the Hogwarts Express. Draco is already home, still not awake and it is making me and the pact very restless. “Yeah,” I answer and stand up, facing her. She is pale and twitching with her hands. “Can I help you with something?” I ask and raise my brow. “I want my humanity gone, just like you and Blaise, but not yet. Can you promise me that you will take it away before the war really starts?” “Why not now?” I question her. “I’m not ready,” she admits and she walks closer, grabbing my hands. “I know that Draco loves only you and the same goes for you, but I am going to be his wife. I need to ask you to leave him alone, to give us a honest chance.” “Okay, consider it done,” I tell her and I understand it. We don’t have a lot of control over our lives and this will give her a feeling of more control.“You will?” she gasps. “Of course, he will be your husband and I have my own husband soon. No need to create more problems, I will keep my distance from him unless the Dark Lord orders otherwise or we are with the pact.” She hugs me and smiles. “Thank you, if you ever need help, just ask.” We break apart and I shrink my trunk, slipping it in my pocket. “Let’s go,” I smile. The remaining pact is waiting for us in the Common Room and we walk towards the Hogsmeade. We are just out of the big school doors before I hear my name being called. “Go ahead,” I tell the others as I turn towards Harry. He is alone and looking over my shoulder to the others as they do as I ask. “How is he?” “Still unconscious,” I tell him coldly. It is time for him to understand that his actions have consequenses and not everything will be solved by an adult if he fucks up. “You could have killed him.” “I didn’t mean to do that,” he defends and looks at his feet. “I know, but magic is not all fun and games,” I hiss. My eyes are still golden, It is easier to not conceal them anymore even if people stare at me. “What did you do with the book?” “Ginny helped hide it from me and I am buying another book this Christmas break.” I glance around us, and summon the book from my beaded bag. “Here,” I give it to him. “Why?” He asks and looks through the book, seeing my notes in the marges. I roll my eyes. “You would look stupid if you are unable to brew potions after a break.” He frowns and keeps looking at the books as he mumbles a thanks. When he looks up he stares in my eyes. “Were they always that color?” he asks. “Nope, sometimes they just… transfigure,” I wink before walking away and catching up with the pact. If he is smart he will understand, if at any moment Sirius will be angry during Christmas his eyes will shift to a similar color and maybe Harry will figure it out. If he doesn’t figure it out, then it is clear he didn’t get his, our, mother’s brain. “What did he want?” Theo asks. “The usual, asking if we would stop being Death Eaters and stop taking over the world,” I shrug. “What?” Theo grabs my arm in shock. I pull his fingers away and smirk. “Just joking, Nott. Wanted to know about Draco.” “Don’t joke about that,” he hisses. Blaise chuckles. “I liked it, Peaches.” “You are flirting,” I smack his arm and shake my head. “He will punish you if you do that over the break,” I warn him in all seriousness. We push our way through the crowd and are one of the first ones to board the train, we sit in a closed off compartment and lock the door. I put up a silencing charm, just to be sure. We don’t want Harry sneaking inside and laying above us, trying to figure out what is happening. We are all expected to stay at Malfoy Manor, we have our own rooms and probably spend the break training and going on missions. Luckily I was prepared and have all my presents ready for them. Blaise is sitting next to me and most of the ride we are all lost in our thoughts. I close my eyes and rest against the window, still tired after days of sitting by Draco’s bed with no change. Narcissa took him home yesterday morning and Father made sure I didn’t have to attend classes. I slept the whole day, but I am still exhausted. I don’t dream, which is a huge bonus of not having so much humanity, I don’t overthink as much. Blaise wakes me up by nudging his shoulder, apparently I turned myself around and slept against him instead of the window. I stretch while yawning, making my shoulders, wrists and fingers pop. “Everyone ready to start training again?” I ask. “Ugh, I am gaining so much muscle, my arms are huge,” Pansy complains. “Well, at least we don’t have to organize the Christmas Ball,” Daphne shrugs. “They might ask you to help Narcissa,” she looks over to Pansy. “I won’t mind, I love planning parties and I am a natural at it,” she buffs her fingers on her dress, making the black nail polish shine again. Blaise raises his hand. “I suggest that we will find a hidden little spot during the ball and get wasted.” “Oh yeah,” Theo gasps sarcastically. “The Dark Lord won’t punish us if he finds out.”I snort, and don’t mingle in their discussion. Blaise is counting all the reasons why we should do it and Theo counters it with the reasons why it is an awful idea. The trip goes by quickly and before I know it we are stepping on Platform 9 ¾, we make our way over to the apparition spot. We wait until most people are gone. I imagine darkness, night wrapping around me, making me invisible and stepping through time and place to get where I need to be. My body twists and turns as the darkness hides me. I land right next to Blaise, who greets me. “Peaches,” with a wink. We wait for everyone to arrive before we walk through the gates. The white peacocks are strutting through the garden, looking up to watch us. I am walking in the front and an elf opens the door, letting us in. I stiffel the urge to thank her and just walk towards the foyer, before even arriving there I can hear his footsteps before I can see him. “My Lord,” we all greet and bow before him. “Hermione,” he smiles as I rise, he holds my face and pulls me towards him. His lips seal over mine. I kiss him back, but it is more in automatic response than that I really want to. My mind is thinking of Draco, my bond is pulling me towards him, but I try to ignore it. He pulls away and I force myself to smile. “Hi,” I whisper, all too aware of the pact behind me. “Draco is already here, he is doing fine,” he announces to the others, speaking over my head, which is rude and annoying. “He’s awake?” Pansy asks, sounding hopeful. “Yes, about an hour ago, you can all go and see him.” I start to walk away, but before I can set a second step, the Dark Lord grips my arm. “No need for you to see him, Precious. Let’s take a walk. Tell me all about the past months.” I force another small smile and hold his arm, he almost drags me out of the manor, away from the pact as I start to feel their happiness. We remain silent for several minutes as we walk through the rose garden. I still admire their bright white petals, thinking about all the things I could use them for. If I concentrate I can feel small sparks of magic coming from them. Maybe I should search the library for books about siphoning and elemental magic, if there is a book about it, the Malfoy library should have it. “What are you thinking about?” The Dark Lord asks. I pull back to the current reality and focus back on him. “Just ways to increase my magic, there are still a lot of things I can try,” I tell him honestly. I can’t keep it a secret even if I wanted to, someone can always see me and tattle, so the best thing is just to be honest. “Anything I can help with,” he eyes are moving over my face, noticing the golden eyes and he cocks his head to the side. “Why are your eyes gold?” I keep looking at him as I answer, showing him that I am not hiding anything. “I took matters into my own hands and switched off my humanity. I feel like I can serve you better this way, my animagus form and instics are lingering just beneath my skin and I am not distracted by silly emotions.” He doesn’t respond, just watches me and I keep staring back. “I like it,” he eventually answers with a nod. “So, what can expand your magic even more?” We walk further into the gardens, getting closer to the woods, making my skin tingle and ready to transform. “You might be able to help, my Lord. I want to learn about siphoning and elemental magic. I already started to feel the magic around me, making me believe I can do this. With proper training of course.” “Your body might recognise the magic, but it is not something you can form into something else. Many have tried and spent a lot of time studying elemental magic or siphoning magic, but everyone failed, wasting their time.” I don’t believe him, people might have struggled, but I know what I feel. I know how the fire responds to me, I only need some guidelines to know where to start. “I would still like to try, if only for a couple of weeks,” I counter, too stubborn to drop it and simply agree. The mood changes and he pushes me against a tree by my throat, anger flares inside of me. “I am older than you, I know more than you. Never underestimate me or doubt me,” he hisses, sounding like his older, snake like, self again. I clamp my mouth shut and just look at him. My wolf is ready to jump out and tear his throat out, but I push it all away, hiding it. One day, I will take my revenge. He is asserting his dominance over me, trying to scare me into submission. I will make it look like I do submit to him, but I vow to myself to never forget one moment he does anything to me. I will remember it all and when I strike back, he will suffer for it. “I’m sorry, my Lord,” I choke out as he grips my throat tightly. Just before he pulls away, he squeezes harder before letting go, making me gasp for air. Within a second his face is normal again, smiling sweetly as he watches me cough and take deep breaths.Before I can catch my breath he grabs my hand, wraps it around his arm and walks further, dragging me along. I keep taking deep breaths and try to calm down again. “How was school?” he asks. I need to cough multiple times before I can answer. “Everything was fine, nothing out of the ordinary.” “That is good to hear. How are the other younglings?” “Also good, nothing to report on them. We were busy with studying and training,” I look straight ahead, still controlling my anger. “You don’t need to worry about school for much longer,” he muses and smiles. “What do you mean?” I ask, remembering the conversation the pact had about going to school next year. It is very unlikely that we will be following classes next year. “You will see.” I just nod and we step back inside the manor, we walk towards the sitting room. While walking I feel out where the pact is, they are not there but still with Draco. My body begs to go to them, but I know I can’t and it hurts. We walk inside and Father stands up, bowing before the Dark Lord, as he stands up, he looks over me and stops at my throat. He steps forward and pulls me in a hug. It is fast and when he pulls away, he lifts my chin a bit and I pull away from him, returning to my spot next to the Dark Lord, who grabs my hand, twisting the ring around my finger, the pulsing intensifies. I grab my wand from my thigh and touch it to my throat, ready to mutter the spell to take away the pain and bruises. The Dark Lord grabs my wand, pocketing it in his slacks. “Keep them,” he glares. “A good reminder for you to behave.” “I’m sorry,” I mutter and my fingers twitch, something they sometimes do since I got tortured so many times. Father watches us, but doesn’t say anything out loud, I know he will bring it up the first moment we get to ourselves, but until then we both remain silent. I want to summon my wand back, but I know he will punish me if I do and I don’t want that the first day I am back. I watch as he pats his pocket for good measure, rubbing in the fact that he stole my wand and I can’t do anything about it. The anger inside me flares again as he must know that I hate being apart from my wand, I can do a lot of spells wandlessly, but having it on me makes it easier. My magic feels stronger if my wand is against my skin, easier to manipulate through my body and create the spells. Narcissa joins us, followed by house elves with trays of tea. She bows politely and sits down on the couch across from the Dark Lord and me, he pulls me closer, laying his hand high on my thigh. I remain silent for a whole hour, sitting next to him and sipping my tea like a dutiful wife to be. Narcissa watches me, but doesn’t show her feelings as she observes the marks around my neck. “We made Mistress’ favorite meal,” one of the house elves announces and lets us know we can sit at the dinner table. The Dark Lord holds out my chair, waiting for me to sit down as he pretends to be the perfect gentleman. The table fills quickly, the pact, Bellatrix, Rudolphus, Rabastan, Narcissa and Father join us, all bowing before taking their seats. The first course appears and I am surprised to see grilled shrimps, one of my favorite things to eat. The Dark Lord holds my hand while he uses his right hand to eat, making me eat with my left hand. It is after the first course that I make a mistake and look up and around the table. Pansy catches my eye, dropping to my throat. “What’s happened to you?” Pansy asks as she stares at my neck. “Nothing.” I answer, quickly looking down again.  “Tell them Hermione,“ The Dark Lord chuckles. “I doubted the Dark Lord and he, rightfully so, punished me for it,” I tell everyone without looking up. Bellatrix cackles loudly. ”That wasn’t a punishment.” He laughs. ”That was just a reminder that you will always be below me. Even though we are getting married, you will always be lesser than me, that is just how the world works.“ he grabs my chin with one hand. “One day soon you will literally be beneath me. Can you believe it? She is making me wait until we are married. It is not like you are a virgin, because having sex is what brought you to this table only with less clothes on,” he looks around as he talks, forcing my head to move along with his and look at everyone who is laughing at me, some are forced. “It only took us seconds to have you withering on the table. For everyone to see. Maybe I am done waiting,” he pulls my face close to his. “I like seeing your animal side,” he pushes my head to the side and licks over the bruises on my neck. His tongue dragging wet streaks over the painful skin. I remain silent, pushing everything away and thinking about nothing, making my mind blank. “My Lord,” Narcissa interrupts. “Will you be upholding the Pureblood traditions for the wedding? I could help Hermione plan it.” I can’t see his face, but the spike in anger radiating from him is evident. She did it on purpose and I am very grateful for it. “Of course.” He snaps. “Would you like her to help me with the New Year’s Eve ball? I can teach her how to be a proper Pureblood wife.” He looks at me and pushes me roughly back to my seat. “That would be good. She needs to look the part that she’s lacking.” As if I am the only halfblood. He is one too. But he doesn’t like mentioning it, just shoves the blame onto me. “We can start tonight,” Narcissa announces. “Still so much to do.” I stare at my lap, trying to avoid any eye contact as it can make me lose the small amount of inner strength I have to not Avada him right here and now. How is it possible that he came back? What tied him to the living world for over 12 years before he came back to his body. Was it a spell, a curse would be possible, seeing that he was very ugly, old and weaker. He is stronger now, in his young body again. It can’t be a ritual he did at the last moment. The killing curse rebounded, striking fast and something he can’t have predicted. Or he must have been paranoid that something might happen and he needed to stay some kind of alive. Are there rituals about that? Never read about them. I am focussing on the conversation happening at the table and I glance around. Only Bellatrix is glaring at me, everyone else is looking away, deliberately. “I’m looking forward to getting the wedding over, so the real fun can start,” he laughs with his awful haunting laugh. “It has been a while since I had such a young and flexible female, right Bella,” he chuckles. I swallow the vomit that has gathered in my mouth, burning my throat from the inside. He continues eating, once again grabbing my hand and making me eat with my non-dominant hand. As soon as the dinner is over, I excuse myself and walk towards my room, a house elf leading the way. The moment I am alone I walk towards the bathroom, staring at the red handprints around my throat. They are more vibrant than I expected.I touch them carefully, feeling the pain stretch out. I still don’t have my wand back and I won’t ask for it. “Breath in,” I tell myself out loud. “Breath out. Focus.” I watch as the bruises shimmer and I touch them to check, they don’t hurt anymore, but are still visible. He actually fucking choked me, my eyes glow with anger. I decide to unpack my trunk, which is still in my pocket. Getting it back to normal size is more difficult without a wand to aim, but I manage. During the unpacking I change my clothes into a soft silk top and long matching pants. I wrap up my hair in a little bun on top of my head and wash my face. Someone knocks on my door and I almost want to pull on a robe, just in case it is the Dark Lord, but I don’t feel his magic on the other side of the door. “Narcissa,” I greet as I open the door. She simply raises a brow in surprise. “How are you?” she eyes my throat again. “I’m good,” I tell her, taking in her dark blue dress and robe. “Let’s go to my rooms and discuss the ball.” I conjure the matching floor length robe and follow her to her room. We don’t even run into anyone while crossing the Manor. She doesn’t say anything, doesn’t look behind her to see if I follow her. I follow her into her room, this time it is the bedroom and not the room she used when getting ready for the other balls. The moment she closes the door I feel wards closing around us and locking me in, also protecting the room from outsiders. “We can speak freely here. What did he do?” she asks, her eyes burning with anger as she stares at my throat. “It’s fine, it doesn’t hurt anymore. I took care of it,” I defend myself. “Hermione,” she steps forward, holding onto my shoulders, making me look up at her. “I’m going to kill that man, for everything he is putting you through. He is marrying you and while we all pretend that we agree with his logic, we all are disgusted by it. Every time he hurts you, I’m going to keep track of it. I will protect you where ever I can.” “I told you, Narcissa,” shaking her off and creating distance. “I’m fine.” “Don’t you think I know what your golden eyes mean, that I don’t recognise the same thing your Father did all those years ago? You shut off your humanity, maybe not completely, but I can guarantee you, you will. Once this war starts, you will shut it off completely and the only thing that will be left is a killer.” “What do you care?” I snap. “I’m your Godmother, I love you like my own. What he is doing to you is wrong,” she looks absolutely livid, her hair is moving as if wind is blowing, but it’s not, it’s her magic. “I know,” I agree. “But you can’t make it too obvious, he can use us against each other and I am already not allowed to be near Draco anymore,” I roll my eyes in annoyance. “I will remember everything he does, and he is going to pay for it, but I still have to keep in mind the bigger picture. I’m not the only one who is suffering and I am not at a position to change the course of the upcoming war, I might not be able to change it for a long time. The only thing we can do is wait it out.” She looks me up and down before looking away. “You have that Gryffindor bravery inside of you from your Mother. I remember her vaguely, but your Father told me a lot about her. Before you and Draco got together, Severus would tell us that you just like her. The way you defended your friends, your loyalty towards them. But the moment you started to see Draco, you recognised himself in you and it hit him hard. I don’t want you to sacrifice everything for other people, it is going to rip your soul apart.” I frown. “Do you mean, just how my Father’s soul is ripped apart?” She nods and takes her time answering. “He loved her with everything he had and the moment she was gone, he was gone. He is giving everything towards the Order, he doesn’t care if this will kill him eventually, because he is going to do everything in his power to end the Dark Lord. He blames the Dark Lord, hates him for it. It only intensified when he saw you being dragged in and thrown on the table.” I don’t know how to respond, I don’t want him to die, I will do everything in my power to keep him, the pact, friends and family alive. “He told me that you want to learn about elemental magic and siphoning magic,” she walks towards the wall furthest away. “I have books about them, diaries from the Black family. Only one was able to figure it out, but it wasn’t as powerful as he imagined. I have reasons to believe that you might have more success. It is not illegal magic, but it is something people don’t know about and will see it as Dark magic, while actually, it is very pure magic.” “Pure magic?” I ask curiously. “Elemental magic is the purest form of magic, it lives in everything and all around us. It is never ending, it makes plants and magical creatures grow. The first wizards and witches only used elemental magic and eventually it evolved to become a magical core inside of us, granting us a small piece of elemental power. Over the thousands of years it became a separate kind of magic, we have wands and if our minds are strong enough, we can control it without wands or words. You can do both from a very young age, making me believe that you can do this.” I watch as she sticks her hand through the wall and pulls out the stack of diaries. She hands me all five, all black leather and string wrapped around them to keep them closed. I unwrap one and it is filled with pages and pages of diary entries, logging everything he did linked to training his magic. “Narcissa,” I breathe. “This is amazing. I can work with this. Thank you.” “Good,” she nods. “I will add a ward to your room, it will be safe to practice in there and here, but nowhere else in the Manor. We will prepare for the ball together, in one of those rooms. I will help you to become a Pureblood wife, hopefully that will protect you from some of his anger.” “Thank you,” I tell her again and mean it with my whole being. She smiles and I look around the room, this is her personal room, the one she shared with Lucius and she must miss him a lot. How is he doing? I don’t want to ask and make her feel worse about it. “It is getting late,” he casts a Tempus. “Let me walk you to your room.” I follow her once more, back to my room in complete silence and nobody walks into us. She steps inside and I close the door behind me. I watch as she waves her wand over the door in intricate patterns and feel the ward settle inside the room. “All done,” she smiles and starts to leave. “Goodnight, Hermione,” her voice is soft and so motherly. It reminds me of my Muggle mother, who read bedtime stories when I was young and laughed when she had to read another one, because I didn’t fall asleep on time. It makes me wonder how Lily would have been as a mother, as my mother. Would we have spent nights reading wizard fairy tales before bed? Or bake cakes while James and Harry are flying in the garden? What if… “Goodnight, Narcissa.” She smiles as she leaves the room. The first thing I do is get ready for bed, take a quick shower, brush my teeth and crawl in the huge bed. I pull up the soft duvet and snuggle into the millions of pillows behind my back. The diaries are very old and I cast protecting charms on it, making sure the information doesn’t get lost. I need to look into a spell to hide my notes about this. But for now, the first thing to do is read each one of them. I read until the sky becomes a light blue, the sun just rising before I shut the curtains and sleep for a few hours. My throat is still bruised, even more noticeable than yesterday, but luckily I took the pain away. I don’t hide it and join everyone for lunch, not after casting multiple charms on my face to hide the dark circles already starting to form from lack of sleep. My morning is filled with training, running around the garden, getting hit with jinxes and learning how to dodge them more quickly. After lunch I join Narcissa in her room. She tells me all about what needs to be done before the ball, showing her own diary filled with every detail and checklists. While she starts preparing the guestlist I finish the first journal, immediately starting the second one. It takes me three days to finish the first read through. On the third day Narcissa hands me a small wrapped gift. “Merry Christmas, Hermione.” I unwrap it carefully and gasp as I see the beautiful notebook. It is dark green leather, with a wrap around string. Inside is a note. Use me wisely. I decide to make a trip to the Malfoy library and search for books with hiding spells. It takes a whole afternoon, but I managed to find a spell that will work for now. In the future I might need to change it and fit it better to my needs. For now it makes the text invisible, making it look like an empty notebook. I hide the message inside and start writing down notes and a timeline of everything the old Phineas Nigullus Black did. The second read through is done in two days and I can finally start practicing. I spend the night in front of the fireplace in my room, sticking out my hands and almost touching the flames. I close my eyes and lean in more and more, feeling the magic increase until I can touch the flames without getting burned. I’m not scared of the flames, never been, it is almost like they have emotions and it is very temperamental. Narcissa shares all her tricks for organizing an event. The house elves are working day and night preparing and testing food options, bringing in wine from France. Apparently the Malfoys have vineyards and this is their own wine. Before I know it we are getting dressed again in the other room. Daphne and Pansy join us and they once again help me get ready, curling my hair and pinning it up, doing my makeup and nails. I can’t wait to go back to school, I’m barely sleeping and this time I am not relying on potions. Each morning we train, in the afternoons I help Narcissa with planning the ball and at night I am sitting in front of the fire getting more comfortable and feeling the magic. “Are you okay?” Daphne asks as I keep my eyes closed after she is done with the eyeshadow. I nod, not opening my eyes, I’m about to fall asleep and I fight against it. “I’m fine, just tired.” “You’re lucky, spending the afternoon planning instead of training,” Pansy shrugs. “Don’t worry, I train at night,” I snap. Nobody says anything anymore as we finish up. I am wearing a gold, short, form fitting dress. For once my back is covered up, hiding the snake. It has a scooped neckline, straps falling off my shoulders. The heels match the dress and the choker of the Dark Lord stands out. We make our way downstairs and spend the first hour along with Narcissa and the Dark Lord greeting people. They all bow before me, showing their respect, but their eyes remain cold and distant. The room is filled as we make our way to the front, where a small podium is built. I hand him a glass of champagne just before stepping up. The moment he is visible for everyone, the room falls silent. “This is our year. Soon the Order of the Phoenix will fall and we will take over the control. We will rule and quickly expand our territory.” He goes on for minutes about how he is going to start a better world, but we all know that he only does the bare minimum. Staying safely inside while he makes his Death Eaters do the dirty work, of course nobody mentions this, but we all think it, know it. Finally he raises his glass and we follow his example, drinking from the cool bubbling liquid. I quickly drink it all, switching it for a full glass without anyone noticing. The Dark Lord pulls me along as he talks to everyone in the room. I know he is not just being polite but searching for any possible weaknesses. The questions might seem innocent, but they are far from. One wrong answer and within days the poor bastard will mysteriously die. He leaves the pact for last and it is the first time in over a week that Draco and I are close. Each morning I train he is not there, probably training somewhere else. The Dark Lord must have threatened him or something. The pact answers quickly and he seems satisfied with the progress that is being made. “Hermione, dance with me,” the Dark Lord demands, cutting the conversation with the pact short and once again excluding me from them. “I would love to,” I answer, feeling slightly unstable on my feet as all the champagne is coursing through my body. He pulls me close, the music changes to a slow waltz. “Come closer, show some love,” he whispers. I suppress the urge to roll my eyes and just do as he asks. I step closer, almost laying my head against his shoulder. Our chests, touch, one of his hands holding mine while the other is laying on my ass. For everyone to see, he is claiming me even more as if that is necessary with the ring and necklace collaring me. Narcissa trained me, teaching me how to stand properly and act like a perfect wife for a man like this. I don’t mind following her rules, it’s working. He hasn’t hurt me anymore and gave me my wand back the next day after he took it initially. It is all an act, but he doesn’t seem to notice the sudden change. After the dance we remain in the room. Bellatrix and her husband, followed by his brother are the first to join us. I remain silent as I listen to everything they are saying. It is just working like Narcissa explained. If they forget you are there, they will talk about anything and that is how you gather information that is not linked to yourself. “How far along are you with getting more Death Eaters?” the Dark Lord asks her. “Almost done,” she smirks. “Sometimes it took some convincing,” her husband adds. “Rastaban how are things going with the other werewolf pact?” the Dark Lord pushes him for a detailed answer. “Communication is difficult,” he starts off vaguely, but after a glare he explains further. “I had to approach them carefully, taking the moon into account. I don’t want to get bitten and be turned into a filthy beast,” he snorts, but nobody laughs along. “They are hesitant to join.” I expected a burst of anger from the Dark Lord, but he probably doesn’t want to create a scene. “Rastaban,” he hisses. “If you don’t get them to join, you will be their food for the next full moon. I don’t care what they will do to you. I need them,” his magic seeps out of him, feeling cold on my skin. I strengthen my mental walls as realization dawns on me. His magic, it is cold, like the plague, as if it is dead. The magic of the fire feels alive, warm and filled with power. While everyone has a different magical signature, they are all warm. Meaning that the Dark Lord has done something that affects his soul and magical core, changing it. The only things that have such power are filled with Dark magic. The alcohol buzz I was feeling is gone, I feel completely sober and a plan is forming inside of my head. I can’t show the change in my demeanor, so I push it away from now. I listen to the conversations for over an hour, soaking in every bit of information, while smiling softly and holding on to his arm, refilling his champagne every time he takes the last sip. Finally, people are leaving and I walk along with him to his room. Before he enters he kisses me, it is sloppy and way too much tongue, but I go along. I can’t raise any suspicion and luckily I was able to drink a few glasses of champagne, knowing I have a sober up potion in my trunk. A good thing is that I am always prepared for things like this. He tries to seduce me, very poorly, inside his room. Since he agreed to following old Pureblood traditions, it is easier to decline having sex with him. One of the traditions is a period of celibacy. That doesn’t mean he stops trying, he lets his robe fall to the ground, he is wearing dress robes, made from thick velvet material. I watch quietly as he opens the buttons of his shirt, revealing his tan skin. I can’t deny that he isn’t handsome and is clearly working out himself, gaining a lot more muscle over the last few months. That doesn’t mean that I am willing to sleep with him, or marry him. Sadly I don’t have a choice in the matter. He walks forward, pressing his half naked body against mine as he pushes me against the wall. It is not hard or painful, but I can feel his arousal against my stomach. He kisses my lips, making his way over my throat and I turn away, giving him more space. My eyes meet cold gray ones. Draco is watching us from a distance, before walking away he shakes his head and I can feel the anger spike through the bond. Fuck. I know this must hurt him, but we can’t do anything about it. It’s a necessary evil. I carefully push the Dark Lord off me. “I should go to bed,” I tell him softly, kissing his cheek before locking my lips over his and walking forward, towards his room. He holds me around my middle, grinding against me before I can fully step away. “We can’t” I tell him between kisses. “I can do what I want,” he growls, getting more forceful. “Tom,” I squeak as he bites my neck hard. This time I use more force as I push him off. “We are going to act like the Purebloods we wish we are and follow tradition,” I tell him sternly. “We are going to bed in separate rooms and tomorrow I will start planning the wedding with Narcissa. First week of the summer we will get married.” He kisses me one last time before shutting the door in my face. I walk towards my room, my lips feel swollen and I feel dirty. I can’t raise any suspicions with what I am going to do. In my room I undress, shower and redress in night clothes. Before making my way to the library I have to make sure everyone's gone to bed. I spent some time in front of the fire. It is easy to stick my hand in the flames and slowly it starts to crawl over my skin, it is not powerful enough to go past my wrist, but it is a beginning. I cup it in front of me, keeping it burning away from the bigger flames. It is the middle of the night when I make my way to the library, everything is silent and I relax once inside. Narcissa even taught me a few spells linked to the house and creating simple silencing wards. Between planning and training we talked about the library, since it is both our favorite spot to be. With her explanations about how the books are sorted it is easier to find what I need. It is not like they have a whole bookcase labeled with Dark Magic, but I know where to look. I run my hand over the backs of the books, feeling which ones are charmed and lifting it until I find what I need. Ancient Artifacts to Wield Power I grab it and start flipping through the pages, scanning the text until I see a list. “Splitting one's soul, with the ultimate sacrifice, linking it to an object creates great power. Protection against Death and mortal harm.”“Horcruxes,” I stare at the ring, finally understanding the feeling of a pulsing heartbeat, filled with darkness radiating from it.
  
    Chapter Text
    We are back at school and I feel awful. The last week of the break I spend all my free time practicing my Elemental magic and luckily it is working. I couldn’t sleep and spent extra time on training my mental walls. The information I now know could kill me and everyone I know. I didn’t dare to tell my Father in the house, there could be ears everywhere and I can’t risk it. I have been drawn back from the pact as well. The humanity, or lack thereof, has settled again, but this time it is still very numb, which is amazing. “Hermione, where are you going?” Theo asks. We just walked inside the castle, but instead of walking towards the Great Hall I take off to Father’s chambers. I need to speak with him, tell him about this and figure out what we are going to do about this. “I’ll be there soon,” I tell them over my shoulder without stopping.The wards around his chambers let me in without delay and I am able to push open the door without stopping. I scan the room and Father just turns around, he raises his brow, making his signature expression. “Good evening to you too,” he drawls. “We need to talk, in private,” I stress, my eyes flicking through the room. I close the door and feel a very strong shield snap into place. He just nods and waits for me to speak. “What do you know about horcruxes?” I ask. His face drops, shock taking over. “How do you know about them?” “Malfoy library, very old book,” I hold up my hand, the ring catching the light. “This is one. The Dark Lord made it and I am wearing it. I can feel it. He must have more.” “How many do you think?” he asks, getting closer while inspecting the ring. “I don’t know. Fuck,” burst out, frustrations lashing out. “It could be multiple items. Why would he give one to me? Did he really expect me not to notice or figure out what it is? This makes it so much harder to kill him. How are we going to figure it out?” “Calm down, you have been wearing that ring for a long time, is it affecting you?” “I don’t know, it’s very dark magic and it might affect me, but I have not noticed it.” He nods and looks over his books, as if he has all the answers stored there, but I know he won’t have a book about this. “Here is what you are going to do,” he turns back, his eyes endless depths of obsidian, but a coldness frosts over them. “You are going to the feast, act normal, I will tell Albus tonight and we will figure it out. You are going to focus on your school, focus on the younglings and keep an eye on Draco. Something changed over the break and I don’t know what. You will report back what you figure out.” I scoff, crossing my arms as I stare back. “You really expect me to not do anything about this,” shaking my hand for emphasis. “I do and you will. There is enough going on and it is not something we can change right now. The Horcruxes are made.”“Not something we can change right now?” I ask. “We can figure out what they are, how many and destroy them.” He shakes his head in disbelief. “You are going to do what I tell you to do. How do you expect to destroy them, let alone find them? He could have used a sock and thrown it away,” he is glaring, but I glare back at him. “We can’t kill him if they are not destroyed,” I shout. “Are you planning to kill him the next time you see him?” he taunts. “Might as well,” I raise my voice. “It’s not like he doesn’t deserve it.”His eyes almost change in color, like mine can, but it’s not the same. It’s like a fire burns inside of him, while they stay dark brown. “If we could, he would have died the second he laid a hand on you. To see those bruises on your neck, knowing that he did that, I was and still am livid. But…” he sighs deeply. “We are working towards a bigger goal. Killing him won’t end the coming war, someone else will just take his place and do worse. Right now we are his trusted Death Eaters, we get information and we can spread that information.” I huff. “I know, it’s just unfair.” “It is,” he acknowledges. “You deserve so much more.” I look up and see the honesty in his eyes and the sad pull on his lips. “We deserve more,” I emphasize. “Fine, I will act like I don’t know, only if you promise to share every bit of information you get about it. I want to know it all.” He nods and with that I leave his chambers, heading to the Great Hall. Nobody questions me as I join late and I don’t explain myself. I should be happy that I don’t need to do a lot of extra tasks during school. Draco is the first to leave the table, in just a few big strides he is out of the Great Hall and I have a feeling that he is going somewhere he won’t be easily found. Something changed about his task, he withdrew from the pact, even more than I did. I hate to see him like this, his clothes are loose around his body, dark circles underneath his eyes and his eyes empty and dull. We don’t bother following him, we can’t enter the Room if he is inside and waiting outside for him draws too much attention. After dinner we find our usual spots in the Common Room. The fire is calling out to me, whispering my name and begging to be touched. I want to have it crawl up my body and heat me up, I’m always cold since my humanity is suppressed. I sit as close as possible, without being suspicious. My arm is dangling over the edge of the couch and pulling the power towards me, letting it fill me up. Without thinking I throw up a bubble, to keep our conversations private, whatever they may be. We spend hours just talking about everything and nothing, we don’t talk about the dangerous topics, just keeping it light. Theo, Daphne and Pansy call it a night, leaving me and Blaise behind on the couch. The bubble is still intact as I start. “How are you?”“Cut the crap, why did you need your Father?” he snaps, eyes blazing. “Did he hurt you again?” I am shocked by his fierce reaction. “No, something else, but it’s fine. Just needed to talk to him.” “If that bastard hurts you again, I will hurt him,” he hisses. I smile, pulling my feet on the couch, which he takes on his lap and pulls off my shoes. As he starts massaging my feet I stretch out and pull even more power of the fire towards me. I arch over the edge, stretching my arms over my head, almost touching the fire. The flames lick my fingers, but Blaise is not watching me, he is looking down at my feet. “The moment I saw those bruises, my blood started to boil. We all shielded our emotions from you, but we wanted to attack him, hurt him. You are our Alpha, you are leading us more than Draco.” I pull my hands back and away from the fire. “We can’t shut Draco out. Even if he tries to do that by himself, we need to be ready for him.” Blaise raises a surprised brow. “You don’t think he will finish his task?” “Not without us. He is just too stubborn, but we are a pact, we help each other. Each one of us has their own strength and together we are invincible.” Blaise smiles, puts the perfect amount of pressure on a sore spot and I can’t keep a small moan from escaping. He smirks at me, his eyes shining bright gold. “I love to hear those sweet little sounds coming from your lips. Especially if I create them.” I giggle breathlessly as he makes his way up my legs, his thumbs drawing light circles, desire spreading through my body. His lips are dragging over the naked skin, his breath tickling its way up. My hands caresses his head and the short trimmed hair, just too short to be able to pull on it, something I love to do. My breath catches in my throat as he is above the knee. He can smell me, I can even smell myself, it’s like standing in a bakery. The Common Room was empty before the others left, I let myself enjoy the touches, kisses and small bites, everything sending shivers through my body, drenching my knickers. “What the fuck are you doing?” Draco snaps. I jerk up, pushing Blaise away and getting off the couch. “Draco,” I breathe and I push down my desire. My mind is racing a mile a minute, images of both of them flashing through my mind. Draco is livid, his eyes shifting and he is giving Blaise the death stare. I reach my hand towards the fire, getting ready to come between them if a fight breaks out. “Draco, calm down,” Blaise chuckles, as if he doesn’t have a care in the world. “We were just having some fun.” “Fun?” Draco snarls. I try to get his attention by calling out his name again, but he doesn’t care. “Are you trying to get her killed?” Draco presses, stepping closer to Blaise. Blaise is smiling, his eyes heavy lidded as he looks up at Draco. “No, I was trying to get her to orgasm.” “Blaise,” I scold, stepping between the two as Draco is ready to attack. Finally Draco looks at me and I get a glimpse of his emotions, he is in pain and I hate the idea of causing it. “It was just some harmless fun, Draco. We are just friends, nothing more,” I glance at Blaise. I am standing with my legs spread over Blaise’s outstretched ones. The moment he takes hold of my hips I swat away his hands and glare. “You are engaged,” Draco hisses at me. “To the Dark Lord.” I quickly check the bubble, but it is still in place and protecting us. “He won’t find out.” “Is this the first time?” he asks. I can only shake my head and he narrows his eyes. “Why are you being reckless, both of you,” he sneers. Blaise pulls me to the couch and takes my spot in front of Draco, I can only watch as they stand toe to toe, Blaise still a little bit longer. “I will keep her safe, always. She needs a bit of control in her life and someone who listens. I am here for her. She is ours to protect. Ours,” he jabs his finger into Draco’s chest. “You are not here for her anymore and it breaks her, the only reason that she can cope with everything is by suppressing her humanity, to not feel anything at all.” Both their bodies are tense and ready to attack, but before that happens Draco steps away as hurt flashes over his handsome face once more. Just briefly before it’s hidden again. “Don’t drag me into it when the Dark Lord finds out,” he snaps and turns away. I don’t know what comes over me as I stand up, pull my wand out and aim. “Obliviate,” I am sucked into his mind and I change his memory, I am careful and very meticulous. Instead of seeing us as he walks through the Common Room, he will just walk to his dorm. Blaise is already asleep and he quickly gets into his own bed. I pull back and Draco is standing still, frozen into place. “We need to go,” I whisper to Blaise who is glaring at me, but he also knows that I did not have another choice. “Get into bed and pretend you are asleep.” Without further explaining why I did it I pull him along on the stairs. Draco is still waiting until the effects of the spell wear off. It only takes a few minutes before he will continue his way towards his bed. I wait around the corner, watching as eventually Draco walks up, his face troubled and pale. He doesn’t suspect anything as he steps into the dorm and closes the door behind him. I exhale and make my own way to my bed. How could we be so stupid, to go that far in public, where everyone could see us. Pansy and Daphne are asleep, I check it with the bond and all I feel is calmness. Before I can even get to the Great Hall I am pulled behind a tapestry. I knew this was going to happen, maybe not exactly like this, but Blaise would confront me about yesterday. “What the fuch, Hermione,” he is seriously pissed and even using my name. “It had to be done, Blaise. We don’t know what the new task is. He has been pulling away from us in the break, more than before. He could be doing that to keep us safe. We don’t know what the Dark Lord wants.”“You Obliviated him! How do you even know how to do that?”I give him a look. “Father taught me. I only changed the moment he walked into the Common Room. He said when the Dark Lord finds out. Not if. I couldn’t take that risk. From now on, no stuff like that in the common room.”It’s like he flips a switch and he is smirking again. “Stuff like what?” He teases. “You know what stuff,” I want to walk away but he stops me. Placing his hand against the wall. “Stuff like…” he bends forward, kissing my throat. Letting his teeth scrape the skin as he makes his way up and sucks on the spot beneath my ear. His breath tickling and sending shivers down my spine. I step closer, feeling his hard, lean body against mine. A whisper of his name falls off my lips. “This kind of stuff, Peaches?” He nips at my lobe, making me whimper. “Please,” I beg, still hot and bothered since last night. My body is on fire and wet at the same time. “You want to get fucked in all the small hidden spots?“ he breathes in my ear. I can only nod, my voice is stuck in my throat. His hand drops to the edge of my skirt, toying with it. The tip of his finger draws a small circle before dragging up my thigh. My knees buckle as desire takes over every thought in my head. I don’t think about everyone who can walk by and hear us. A delicious smile takes over his beautiful face as he lays a hand around my throat and pushes me against the wall. I spread my legs a bit, just enough for his hand to get to my heated center. Slowly, he pulls on the lacy fabric, pushing it to the side, immediately dragging a finger through my folds and over the sensitive little bud. I moan and push my hips forward. “You have to be quiet, I’m not adding a silencing charm. If you moan people will find us, and your legs will be wrapped around my waist and I won’t stop fucking you. I don’t care that the whole school watches, once I’m inside, I can’t stop.”I swallow and nod. He lets go of my throat and pulls up my legs. With a whispered spell against my throat he unzips his own pants, with the next spell I feel heat spreading through my lower belly. The contraceptive charm is not necessary, but better safe than sorry, like last time. Father made sure that each morning there is a glass of potion on the table and when I skip breakfast to be in the library one will appear there. He uses my juices to get his cock wet, before aligning himself in front of my opening. In one swift motion he slides inside me, I have to clamp a hand over my mouth to keep myself from moaning. I love this feeling, being filled and feeling every ridge of his cock. He starts to move and it is relentless, fast and deep. We are in a hurry to still make it to breakfast. I focus on keeping silent and it adds a new level of intensity to the upcoming orgasm. Knowing I can’t make a sound, something I love to do. My cunt is quivering around his thick cock. I stare at him as I arch my back as far as I can, my eyelids heavy, mouth slightly open until the orgasm hits in full force. I squeeze my eyes shut and open my mouth further in a silent scream as my whole body becomes taut for a second before the climax shudders through my body. He bites my shoulder as his hot come spurts inside of me, his hands pulling on my thighs. It takes a few minutes for us to catch our breaths and untangle from each other. My body relaxes for the first time in weeks and a lazy smile plays on my lips. I’m still leaning against the wall as Blaise pushes the tip of his wand between my legs. He whispers a cleaning spell and every evidence of this quickie is gone. “You had to put your wand between my legs,” I question him. “I love to have my wand between your legs,” he winks. I shake my head while rolling my eyes. “Let’s get breakfast, I’m hungry,” I push off the wall but before I can duck out from behind the tapestry, he pulls me against his body. My back to his front and a hand over my mouth. I hear it. The footsteps that are getting closer. “Mmm, I hope they have peach tarts,” a high pitched boy comments. “Of course they have, the whole hallway smells like it,” a girl answers. They walk by and Blaise removes his hand, I turn around to look at him and he is looking very smug. “I also want peach tarts,” he teases before walking out. “You just had some,” I mutter and check the hallway before stepping out. One last check of my clothes as I walk inside the Great Hall. I sit down at the table and greet everybody. Draco doesn’t even look up as he takes a bite of his apple. Blaise and Theo are biting into peach tarts, which earns me a wink from Blaise. As much as I would like to be better than them, I relent and grab a tart. The crust is so buttery and flaky, the inside so sweet and creamy. Mouth watering. I should be very proud to be compared to such an amazing piece of food. For the rest of the day I feel relaxed, which is an enjoyable change. Normally I would always watch what is happening around me, or focussing myself on a task given by the Dark Lord. Father told me to act normal, maybe I should and accept this small moment of relief from being a Death Eater. I do, I enjoy and act like a normal student for weeks, I do my homework with the pact, we sit in the Common Room and relax, we go to Hogsmeade on the weekend and I sleep a solid eight hours per night. I practice my magic, sitting in front of the fire when the Common Room is empty and drawing power from it. It gets easier every time and I can call it to me from the other side of the room. I also focus on siphoning magic, which makes me even more aware of all the magic the castle has. Sometimes I can see the ripples of the wards surrounding it. It tingles against my fingers, just like how it started with the fire. I don’t spend my time sneaking through Hogwarts, trying to find information for a task or a suspicion I have. The only reason I have to sneak around is to meet Blaise in hidden alcoves, behind tapestries, classrooms or broom cupboards. We act like the horny teenagers we are, all the time and everywhere, any way we can. I love the feeling of being dragged into an empty classroom, kissing and pushed over a desk. Quick and hard. My body is sore for days, but it feels amazing, just the slight ache reminding me of our activities. Nobody has caught us, until now. I hear footsteps coming closer and we are desperately straightening our clothes. The climax is still shivering through my body, the bond vibrating along with it between us. I feel the whisper of magic against my skin as Blaise cleans me up and pushes me back against the wall, looming over me. His eyes are blown wide and a smirk playing on his lips. We are still breathing hard and I feel his tickle over my face. I let my eyes rake over his lean body and notice his buckle. I want to close it for him but the tapastry is pulled to the side, revealing our little hidden spot. I look in the shocked face of Harry. Who’s mouth drops open as he watches my hands. Shit. “What are you two doing here?” he snaps. “Nothing,” I tell him and straighten up, while fixing my skirt again. “What are you doing out so late?” I note the book he is holding, recognising it. “I had to get a book,” he looks over at blaise. Who can’t look at him. His belt is still hanging open and clothes are a bit wrinkled. It’s all to clear what we were doing here. If our looks are not betraying us, it is the scent, a combination of the sweet and spicy. Just inhaling it makes me desperate again for another release, but I can’t. Clearly Blaise wants to talk to Harry and vica versa. I can be nice for once and let them have this moment. “Since when do you read?” I ask, smirking as I notice the point of the Marauder’s Map sticking out of his robes. Was he searching for Blaise, that would be sweet. I wonder how we looked on the map, could he see that our feet were facing each other and maybe even move slightly as we fucked?“I have… eh… homework,” his cheeks are tinted pink and I have done enough teasing. “Have fun reading,” I tell him and walk away, giving a small wave. Harry is quick to turn to Blaise. “What were you doing with her?” I roll my eyes, even someone without Animagus hearing could hear him, for me it is still as if he is standing right next to me and yelling it in my ear. “It is nothing. Just some fun,” he lowers his voice. He knows I can hear him and I am not bothered with his comment, because it’s the truth. Even though I have stopped saying it as he entered me, doesn’t mean that my thoughts changed. I love Blaise, as a very good friend and the sex is great, amazing even. “I thought she was engaged or is that just for show,” Harry hisses. “Shut it, Potter. You don’t know what you are talking about,” Blaise’s voice is soft and I can hear him buckle his belt. “I only know what I saw. You kissed her and just a while ago you told me there was nothing going on between you two,” accuses him further. “Because there isn’t. It is not like that. I can’t explain it,” frustration leaking into his voice. “You promised to keep her safe for me. You promised!” Harry is nearly shouting and I wait around a corner to hear more of the conversation. “And I am keeping my promise. I love her as a friend. She is my family.”“Then why are you kissing her in secret passageways? The ones we shared. You promised to keep the darkness away from her. You won’t let her become evil or join him.” “I know, I am keeping her as safe as I can,” Blaise growls. They have to be careful or the whole castle can hear them and that would not fare well for any of us. “You think I am stupid? She always wears long sleeves. You all do. Tell me. Here and now. Is she a Death Eater? Did she join? Did you join?” Harry is sounding more desperate with every question he asks. “Potter…,” Blaise snaps, his anger shoots through my body before he shuts down our bond. “Harry. Please. Don’t read into that, we are wearing long sleeves because the dungeons are cold and we spend a lot of our time in there.”It’s true, the dungeons are especially cold during winter, but we all know how to cast heating charms.“Promise?” He still sounds skeptical. “Always,” Blaise sighs and I hear some shuffling. I am ready to walk away as I hear their mouths come together and very soft moans escaping their lips, but as they break away, Harry speaks. “You are not the only one who sees her like family. She is like my sister. I hated seeing her sad when she was in Gryffindor. I was weirdly happy for her to join the Slytherins, because I always knew she belonged there more, but her loyalty kept her with me. But it changed. She became loyal to Malfoy, I guess.”“You would understand if you saw them together,” the soft tone is back in Blaise’s voice, and I can imagine him smiling again. He is like our biggest fan, always saying that Draco and I will get our happy ending, we need to fight for it. “I have. They showed the whole school,” Harry snorts. “No,” Blaise chuckles. “That was all an act. You should have seen them in private. With just us around or even when they thought they were alone. They would be sweet and calm. Smiling and laughing. One moment they would say sweet things to each other and the next they had a full blown discussion. It was pure passion between them.”“How? What made them get such a bond?”“I think they looked past prejudice and just saw that they were meant to be together,” Blaise responds as he opens up his bond again and I am filled with his love for the pact. “So why did they break up? When. How?” Harry asks, sounding very confused. “Because not everyone thinks like that. He is the Malfoy heir. And she is a Halfblood.” It is the reason why we broke up, but not because we saw it like that.“Why does he care about that?” the accusatory tone is back in his voice. “Fuck, Potter, you can be so frustrating. He doesn’t, but his parents do, other people do,” Blaise tries to defend us, without sharing too much information. “I wouldn’t care. I would marry her in a heartbeat even if I were a Pureblood. Purity be damned.”“It’s easy for you to say, you don’t know how it is to be raised by a Pureblood family who consider their blood status the most important thing in the world. It’s different,” Blaise snaps. I hear their feet shuffle as they move again, but it’s not followed by kissing, I imagine them stepping away from each other. “Then tell me!” Harry keeps going. “You’ve been kissing her, or do you do that with all your friends? She’s beautiful, smart and so much more!” I should feel flattered by the compliments Harry is giving me and I know he means well, so well, but he doesn’t really understand the world that we are really living in, that I am living in. Maybe he is jealous of all the kissing and wants Blaise for his own, I would let them. “No, I don’t do that with all my friends,” Blaise voice low and threatening. “We just fuck, release some tension and have some fun. Salazar knows she deserves it and I deserve it as well. You’ve rarely been here, always walking through the castle at night. I miss you, I need you.” Someone is pushed against the wall and I don’t know who of the two it is. Judging on the tone of Blaise, it’s him pushing Harry against the wall. “Sometimes…Potter,” Blaise continues, putting emphasis on his last name. “You stick your nose where it doesn’t belong. I promised you I would keep her safe and I am trying. You might not get it, but that doesn’t mean that I’m not keeping that fucking promise to you,” Blaise is angry and snarling. Harry takes a moment to reply, his voice soft and pained. “Have you had sex with her just now? You were not just kissing her, you were getting dressed again. I don’t think I even know you anymore,” Harry sighs deeply and I can imagine him pushing his hands through his hair as he always does when he feels frustrated, angry or annoyed. “Just let it go, Potter,” Blaise lowers his voice again.“I think…” Harry starts and my is nearly beating out of my chest, waiting for him to continue. “I think you are all marked and since nobody knows who her fiance is, I think it’s bad. I don’t need you to confirm anything,” he adds quickly. “Things are getting very bad in the world. I’m not stupid, a war is coming and I just have this feeling that she has a big role in it. I just don’t know what kind of role.” I want to be sick, the feeling of shock is thundering through my body, not only mine but also Blaise. Nobody speaks and the silence is filled with tension. “Harry,” Blaise’s voice is rough. “Keep your nose out of our business. Fuck,” he slams his fist in the wall. “Harry, I love you, but please, stop following us. You get yourself into danger and I can’t handle having to make sure you are safe as well as her. I made you a promise and I am keeping it, for my whole life, so let me do what I need to do. All I ask you, keep an open mind about her and me. Maybe one day…” Blaise sounds harsh, his voice cold, but I know it’s because I locked up his humanity. Blaise starts to walk away, emerging from behind the tapestry. Harry follows him, the sounds rougher and filled with anger. “Don’t you dare to leave me like that. Kiss me, you fucker,” it’s a voice I never heard from Harry, demanding and angry. The sounds of their lips crashing together is too much and I walk away, as quiet as I can be. I feel restless, which happens when the emotions are pounding against the mental door, ready to burst free and overrun me. Some fresh air would be good. I walk without really thinking about where I want to go, until I find myself stepping inside the Astronomy Tower. It’s like it wraps around me as a weighted blanket and calms me. I make my way upstairs and sit down on the ledge, looking up at the endless night sky. The cold is not even bothering anymore, it actually helps with the constant burning of the Dark Mark. I’m not surprised when Blaise sits beside me, I already felt him coming closer. He doesn’t say anything, pulls me closer to him and I rest my head against his shoulder. Eventually I find my voice. “You love him.” “I do,” he agrees, voice rough. I look up, his lips swollen but a small smile is tugging at his lips. “He said it back. After you left,” he winks. I should have known that he knew I was listening in on their conversation. “He didn’t know I was there,” I defend myself softly. “Had to make sure he wasn’t going to strangle you or something,” my awful joke lightens the mood. “He would never,” he responds. “I think we need to talk.” I am prepared for this, expected it and I accept it, so I nod in agreement. “I think Dumbledore is hiding something,” he surprises me and I look up in shock. “What? Why are you looking like that?” “I expected you to tell me you didn’t want to have sex with me,” I blurt out. He stares at me for a moment, until he starts to smile and eventually laugh. “Salazar, no, it's the only thing keeping me sane at the moment. I’ve been feeling quite restless without it and knowing a war is coming sooner than later.” “Thank Merlin, me too,” I lean against him with a deep sigh of relief. “What about the old man?” “Well, he walked past me and I noticed a smell. He smelled like someone who’s dead,” he admits, looking straight forward over the tops of the trees. “It was faint and masked, but I still noticed it. He is hiding something, maybe he is dying, he’s pretty old.” “How do you want to test that theory?” I inquire. “Keep an eye on him, be near him and try to smell if you pick it up too. I think the Dark Lord would be happy to know if that is the case.” “It might help Draco as well, he is trying to kill him. Maybe we can find a way to help him, without making it obvious, just slipping him some information.” He nods. “Sounds good.” The next day at dinner I walk up to the Professor’s table, where Dumbledore is sitting in the middle, as I walk by I inhale deeply and notice the scent Blaise told me about. It is almost sour and putrid. After a small talk with my Father I walk away and nod to Blaise. I repeat it multiple times over the coming weeks, the scent is getting stronger, but it is clear that some kind of masking spell is used for the spell, the differences are subtle. We both observe him, watching every move he makes and how he eats, a few things stand out and each night we compare our observations. Albus starts to notice that we are watching him and he is avoiding me, but that doesn’t matter. I have all the information I need. He’s dying and it is happening quickly.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Hello, Father,” I greet him the second he opens his door and steps inside. “Hermione!” he growls. “What are you doing here?” “Waiting for you, of course,” I tell him as I stand up from the couch and face him. “Why?” he is glaring. “Dumbledore is ignoring me, but I need to talk to him and you are taking me to him.” He raises one eyebrow and stares at me. “Why?” I scoff while rolling my eyes. “Since when do I need a reason? I have information that is useful for him and he will answer some of my questions.” “You can tell me the information you have as well as the questions and I will tell you his answer.” “Cut the bullshit,” I snap. “Why doesn’t he want to see me?”He is towering over me, looking down with annoyance. “It’s too dangerous and I remember you promising me not to get yourself in danger.” I puff out my chest and stand taller, still not near his height. “I’m part of the Order, I protected myself on the map, no one will know I am at his office. It is important. I haven’t asked to see him since becoming a member. This is important,” I stress and I can see his eyes soften. He nods, stepping away. “Fine.” While we are walking to the office I am checking my Occlumency and making sure that every bond is closed and far away from reach. I don’t care how strong Dumbledore is, he has never seen a seventeen year old girl named Hermione who is angry beyond reason. Lucky for him, I am a Slytherin and I never let my emotions get in the way of my end goal. My ears start to buzz and I look around confused, I can’t hear anything and as sudden as it started it is gone. “You did that,” I accuse my Father. “I did,” he agrees and steps inside the hidden staircase leading to the office. I quickly follow him, staying a few steps behind him. “Ah, Severus, I didn’t expect you for over an hour,” Dumbledore’s voice is soft. “I’m not alone,” he announces and I reveal myself. “Miss Snape,” the soft tone is gone, replaced by a harder and colder one. “Albus,” I smirk. “You’ve been avoiding me.” “Yet, here you are,” he counters, looking me up and down. My smile grows as I walk forward, past my Father and gracefully sit down in the chair in front of his desk. “And we are going to have a little chat.” He leans back, lifting one hand to his lips and waiting for me to speak. My eyes follow his hand and he notices it. He frowns, but doesn’t comment. “Hermione, what did you want to tell?” Father presses me, standing behind me and laying a hand on my shoulder. I know his technique, he will try to break through my mental walls and touching me helps. It only takes a second for my magic to slither over my body and hit him with a stinging hex. He pulls his hand back quickly, glaring once more.  “How’s your hand, Albus?” I ask simply, taking the first step of many for this night. He moves the fingers of his visible hand, but I can’t see the other hand, it is hiding in the folds of his robes. “My hand is fine.” “Your other hand, which has a glamor over it during the meals. Why are you using your non-dominant hand more than before, even holding your wand with it?” I roll my eyes, while shaking my head. Does he really think that I would not find out or notice it? He betrays himself as he looks up to my Father, it is very quick, but I spot it. “As you know I am getting older, stiff fingers,” he tries. “Ah,” I nod seemingly in agreement. “Stiff fingers, is that why you drink special potions with ingredients that are often used for pain relief and have the ability to slow down curses?” I wonder out loud. “Just tell us what you know,” he snaps. Father remains silent, but close to me. I snort. “Yeah, that’s not going to just happen,” I chuckle. “I tell what I know, you answer my questions and then you still owe me a favor, which I will call in right away.” He looks between me and Father before nodding and silently agreeing. “Wizard’s Oath,” I demand, holding out my hand. It takes him a second before he grabs mine with his non-dominant hand, still not revealing his other hand. “I, Hermione Snape, promise to reveal useful information for the Order of the Phoenix in exchange for answers to my questions and one favor from Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore.” “I, Albus Percival Wulfric Brain Dumbledore, vow to answer the questions and the one favor of Hermione Snape.” A silver thread wraps around our hands, just visible for a few seconds before sinking into our skins, sealing the oath. I pull my hand back, sit back and cross my ankles, just like Narcissa taught me. “You are cursed and my ring did that to you,” I wiggle my finger and the black stone catches the light. Father sits down next to me and both men watch me, silently encouraging me to continue. “Horcruxes. You knew, even before I shared that information with you” I pin Albus down with my eyes as I tell him what I know. “It took me a while to figure out, but then I’m only a student. I don’t have over fifty years of experience in the Wizarding World, so I think I did it quite fast. Harry once told me, a version of a younger Tom Riddle stepped out of the diary, as if he was hidden inside it. This ring has a pulse to it, a feeling of darkness, but you already knew that. Tom wore this ring when he went to school here, a family heirloom from his Mother, the powerful Gaunt family, descendants from Salazar Slytherin. You searched for it, found it and for some reason you tried it on. I have my theories why you did, but that is not useful for the Order, so I won’t share that. We both know Tom,” I smile sarcastically. “The ring was cursed and that is happening to your fingers, spreading to your hand and slowly towards your heart. You’re dying and my Father is keeping you alive longer. I could smell the potions during the meals, it only took a few days to figure out most ingredients and narrow down the possible potions.” He reveals his hand, lifting the glamor. His hand turns black and almost skeleton looking, the skin is stretched over the bones. I don’t know how far it has progressed, his robes are still hiding that, but that doesn’t matter, I’m glad to know that I was right about it. “How did you figure out what Horcruxes are?” Albus asks. “Books,” I smile, knowing he removed every book ever mentioning it from the Hogwarts library. I keep eye contact with him as I continue, revealing the secrets I have been hiding and figuring out over the last couple of months. “I find it curious, Father applied year after year for the position of Defend Against the Dark Arts, always getting denied, until this year. Horace Slughorn taking back his old position of Potions Master. A Professor who is known for collecting students, having parties with the best students or who have important families. Creating a little club, but more importantly, a Professor who would do anything to get Harry Potter on his shelf. Even lowering the starting grade for the year, making him suddenly able to join.” I look at Father, whose face is a blank slate and I can almost see the wall behind his eyes. “Over the last year I've been getting closer with my Father and one thing I noticed we have in common is that we are very tidy. That is why I find it strange that Harry was able to get one of his personal books. With all kinds of notes and spells inside of it. It was just laying in a classroom, ready to be picked up. Funny how it is Harry who got it, could have been Ron, but that wouldn’t have mattered in your plan, does it?” I ask. “I don’t know what you are talking about,” he answers. “You wanted Harry in that class and gave him all the opportunities to get into the Slug Club, to get close to Horace. Harry sucks at potions and everyone knows it. Suddenly this year he’s brilliant, almost better than me. You want something from Horace and you are using Harry for it. Just before Christmas, something happened. Harry is not very violent, I don’t see him using Dark Magic or Curses. Yet when I followed him, I found Draco in a pool of his own blood. You are very lucky that I was there,” I sneer. “Why is that, Miss Snape?” I lean forward, showing my anger. “Draco could have died, I knew the counter spell, healing and saving him. How would Harry have reacted if he killed someone? How would the people react if they found out that the famous Harry Potter killed a student?” I ask. “Mr. Malfoy probably evoked him,” Albus shrugs and it is that movement that fuels my anger even more, but I hold it in. “Harry has been putting his nose where it doesn’t belong, he spied on us in the train. Follow us around in the school and everyone is watching our every step. Even Professor McGongall is accusing us of things we didn’t do. You do realize that I am part of the Order and if I get caught it means that you lose a link to information from the Dark Lord,” I want to growl as a wolf. “Don’t think too highly of yourself, Miss Snape. You can always be replaced,” his voice sounds so normal as if we are discussing the weather. I scoff. “No, I can’t be replaced, so don’t act like you don’t care. I am very valuable and will be even more when I am married to the bastard. He won’t suspect me to work for the Order and to work towards his downfall.”“But are you willing to help the Order of the Phoenix, I haven’t heard much from you the last few months,” Albus wonders out loud. “Yes, he wants to kill my brother, I won’t let that happen. We are always being watched, not only by you or Professors, but also students. I had to be careful and not raise any suspicion around myself.” “And now you are here…” he ponders. I nod. “What do you want from Horace?” changing back to the former topic.“Something that doesn't concern you,” he agrees, but doesn’t explain and I don’t need him to explain. “What else do you have, this isn’t useful for the Order of the Phoenix.” “H. Potter,” I start once again, waiting for some kind of reaction. His face remains passive. “That’s not Harry’s full name, because that is Harry James Potter. Yet, I noticed something in the Hall of Prophecies. It only said H. Potter, without the J. Curious, because it did say, S.P.T to A.P.W.B.D. Your name and Professor Trelawney, with middle names, were shortened.” Still no reaction, from both, so I continue since everything is going according to plan. “James Potter adopted me, making me a Potter too. H. Potter, to be exact. That’s the funny thing, he accepted me as one of his own. In the Potter family, just like many other Pureblood families it is normal to use the middle name of the Father for a boy, showing the lineage even more. Why not do it with the females as well?” I watch as surprise takes over, it is very slight, his eyes widen for a millisecond and he cocks his head to the side. “Hermione Lily Potter,” I smirk. “That was the name they gave me, I was there the night Harry got hit with the killing curse. I heard the prophecy, the first time you hear it, it is almost clear that it is about Harry, but think about it.”The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... created when he is born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will be marked as its equal, but it will have power the Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be created as the seventh month dies...I repeat the prophecy, making sure that they hear it loud and clear before I continue. “Created when he is born, must be Harry right. Wrong, it mentioned that it is created. They could mean me.” “What?” Father breaks his silence, staring at me. “That is impossible, the Dark Lord created the link with Harry. The Dark Lord chose to hunt down the Potters instead of the Longbottoms.” “Link?” I ask, noticing his slip up as that is something I didn’t know before. “I have reasons to believe that someone tempered with the prophecy,” I state looking pointedly at Albus. He ignores my question about a link, but meets my eyes. “Why do you think that?” “Conveniently the prophecy doesn’t mention the gender of the one with the power. However it does mention he who is born as the seventh month dies. I believe that you changed it, made it vague on purpose, creating doubt by whoever was able to hear it. I was born just before they went into hiding, they were already laying low, nobody besides Remus, Sirius and Peter knew about me. Then she got pregnant with Harry and we went into hiding. I don’t carry the Potter name publicly, but there were papers about it, onces that went missing shortly after their deaths. You got rid of them, burned them or hid them, you kept my existence a secret, put me even with Muggles. No one would look into that, nobody would suspect. Am I right?” I ask. He just stares, his eyes just peering over his half-moon spectacles. “Am I right?” I raise my voice, showing him that I am done playing silly games and edging around the truth. “Yes,” he lets out. “Answer me. Is the prophecy about me?” “Yes,” he doesn’t look away. “Albus,” Father snaps. “You never told me. Why did you let her get in so much danger?” I watch the two men glare at each other. “Because it is for the Greater Good,” he answers, not looking at me anymore. Severus jumps up, placing his hands on the desk and leaning forward, closer to Albus. “You knew the prophecy was about my daughter,” he hisses. “You did nothing to protect her, let her be a Death Eater and a spy for the Order!” Albus shrugs. “A prophecy isn’t a set event, the future can change.” It dawns on me and it is disgusting. “You made sure that you had two possible options. Two people who could take down the Dark Lord,” realization dawns on me. “You keep Harry close and you don’t pull me out of the ranks and never will. If I fail you can use Harry and you don’t even have to tell him that I am his sister, he would be brainwashed by you to think it is the right thing to do. If Harry dies, I can finish his job. Isn’t that right?” I ask. The Wizard’s Oath is working as the answer is pulled from his mouth. “Yes.” “You kept Black into Azkaban,” Father reveals, sounding shocked himself. “Why didn’t I think about it? You didn’t want Harry to be happy and have his Godfather raising him. He needed to have a grudge, pain and anger to fight the Dark Lord. That is why you left him behind with his aunt. It made him harder, more resourceful and you never really punish him if he breaks the rules. The Weasleys showed him love and how a family should be, making him love even more people and people where he will fight for.”Albus remains silent and watches us. My anger tips over and I scream, demanding an answer, using the Oath to force it from him. “Yes,” another one word answer. “How can you do that,” I shout. “He was a baby, MY BROTHER. You took us apart, took Sirius away from us! He could have raised us, a family. Sirius spent twelve years in Azkaban, how can you live with that! Twelve years!” “Miss Snape,” he warns, but I’m not done. “No, fuck off. We are not playing chess and you can place your pawns how you like. We are people, you can’t use us like that. I swear on Salazar, Merlin and every witch and wizard. If I could, I would throw you right off the Astronomy Tower. How could you do that to my brother! He trusts you!”The only reaction Albus gives is leaning back more, away from me as I am leaning forward over the desk. “It’s for the Greater Good,” he counters. “You two are very powerful and both have the ability to take down Tom.” “He has no great power,” Father slaps his hand down on the desk. “It’s her, she has the power and the Slytherins brought it out even more. She is related and linked to multiple strong Purebloods, she studies, she is determined and skilled,” his deep brown eyes turned to obsidian, cold and hard as he rants to Albus.“I was created when the seventh month died, when Harry was born, so was my love for him. It created a bond between him and me, one that can’t be broken. Family, undying love. Just how Lily died for him, with love. That is something the Dark Lord doesn’t know, he is incapable of it,” I calm down and start to think over everything that has been said, and everything that has not yet been said. “You have been raising them as pigs for slaughter,” Father’s voice fills the room again, clearly not done. “Waiting for who has the best opportunity to end it all. One on your side and one standing right next to the Dark Lord, that is why you never helped her.” “You are correct,” he looks over to me. “I can’t say I am sorry for doing this, it is for the Greater Good.” “Bullshit,” I call out once again. “You do it for the Necessary Evil. What you did and are doing is not good, you keep us in the dark. Always scheming and plotting. You spread out the odds between us two and you don’t even feel guilty about it, do you?” I ask. “I don’t,” he nods, not looking at my Father, but only at me. “Why wouldn’t you tell us?” I ask, knowing he has to answer my questions. “Because you are also a risk.”“We could have prepared ourselves. We have the right to know what we are doing,” I counter. “Would you die for him?” he asks in return. “Yes,” I answer without thinking. “He’s my brother,” I feel the bond between us, it is barely there, but he’s family.“Why did you become a Death Eater?” I frown. “Because I didn’t have a choice.” “No, you did, but you didn’t want to die. You wanted to live but not for Harry. I am the Headmaster and I know everything that is going on within this castle. I knew from the moment you had contact with Mr. Malfoy that things were about to change. Your loyalty shifted, you pulled back from the Gryffindors, kept secrets from your so called best friends. I knew from the moment you walked through the Great Hall that you did not belong in Gryffindor, you are a Slytherin through and through. Even now, it has grown and become you. This entire night is just so you can get something out of it, but what. What favor do you want me to give you?” “I did what I had to do,” I tell him. “You have no idea the torture I expierenced, still am and will be for a long time,” my voice is almost a low growl. “Draco is tasked to kill you, he tried and he is up to something new, using the Room of Requirement every night for hours. We don’t know what his latest task is, but the goal is to kill you,” I see the surprise and watch as he thinks about all the recent events. Two attempts were made, both failed. “What is the favor you seek?” “Blaise Zabini will join the Order of the Phoenix, tomorrow. I will get every member of the pact as a part of the Order, everyone will be a spy eventually over time. We will all help the Order to defeat the Dark Lord and you will keep records of it, you will make sure that we are granted a pardon after the war.” “Who is in the pact?” he asks. “Daphne Greengrass, Theo Nott, Pansy Parkinson, Blaise Zabini, Draco Malfoy, Hermione Snape,” I count on my fingers. “I want to destroy the Death Eaters and the Dark Lord, from the inside out. If more people qualify to become a part of the Order, I want them to have an honest chance. Everyone deserves a chance, but I won’t bring the Order in danger.”“Consider it done, Miss Snape,” he nods, eyes moving over to my Father, who is looking at me. “Everything I do is for the Necessary Evil,” I tell them. “I became a Death Eater out of love and the Dark Lord took that away from me. He wants to murder my brother. He killed my Mother. He squashed every possibility of a normal life for me. He placed a Horcrux on my finger, playing me like a doll on strings. He is taking my name, breaking my identity, sucking out my humanity and creating the perfect monster. I will let him, I will follow his demands until I find the opportunity to strike. We will be at war and I will present myself as the bad guy, I will be the leader of armies of Death Eaters, make everyone hate me. Just to buy us time to find the Horcruxes, kill them and eventually take him down. I will sacrifice my life for that, I will die at his hand if that gives Harry the opportunity to kill him once and for all.”“Hermione,” Father grabs my hand, making me look at him. His eyes are big pools of endless darkness, but I know, he doesn’t want this to be my life, but he knows that we don’t have another choice. “I will keep the secrets of the Order of the Phoenix, I will try to keep important people safe and I will corrupt the Death Eaters from the inside out.” “Make the Unbreakable vow and every Death Eater you bring to us will be allowed into the Order of the Phoenix as long as they are genuine in their goals to defeat Voldemort.” Pain shoots through my arm, as he speaks his name, but I bite through it and once again grab his arm. Father stands up, standing on my side as he completes the spell, setting the Unbreakable vow in place. This is much stronger than the oath we took at the beginning, this feels heavy around my arm. “I, Hermione Lily Snape, promise to be a spy for the Order of the Phoenix. I will act like a Death Eater, carry out my duties and orders. I vow to find and destroy Horcruxes, helping Harry James Potter in his journey to defeat the Dark Lord. If he fails at his task or is at great risk of failing, I will take it upon myself to defeat the Dark Lord at the risk of my own life. From this moment forward I will not ask the Order of the Phoenix to pull me out of this mission or hide me.”“I, Albus Percival Wulfric Brain Dumbledore, promise to help Hermione Lily Snape in her tasks to end Tom Riddle and stop the upcoming war,” he vows, but I feel the burn of his stare. I know if I didn’t force him, I would never have found out what the extent is of his scheming. Before pulling my hand away, I hold him tighter, getting close to his face. “If you hurt my brother, I will throw you off that tower,” I threaten, and I mean it with my whole being. I don’t wait for his response as I pull back and leave the room. My heart is beating hard as I make my way outside, walking towards my favorite spot near the Black Lake. I can’t sit down, my body is buzzing with anger and overwhelmed with the new information. The Giant Squid breaks the surface with a tentacle and wave. I can’t help myself and give him a wave back. He might just stretch his limbs, but I like to think he waves and it is only polite to wave back. “Hermione?” Blaise asks softly. “Fuck,” I growl. He holds up his hands. “I just got a feeling I needed to be here,” he explains. “I couldn’t feel the bond, but I felt drawn to the place.” “It’s fine. I’m fine. I just… fuck…Blaise…I” I try to explain but I can’t, the words don’t want to leave my mouth. “The Room.” He nods and pulls me along as we walk towards the seventh floor, without getting caught. For once the Room is not being used and we get in. The feeling of my throat closing up fades away and I can breathe again. “I’m part of the Order of the Phoenix, since my first day back after Christmas I was caught. I share information that could be useful and our goal is to bring down the Dark Lord, end the war. You will join tomorrow, I arranged it. I should have told you earlier, but I couldn't because it is so dangerous,” I grab his hands. “I’m so sorry, but that is all I can do. It is the safest option. We act like normal Death Eaters, and don’t have to do much for the Order. It is a safety net, after the war we can get a pardon and live our lives. Blaise,” I feel so overwhelmed and all I can do is tell him everything. “It’s okay, love. Everything is going to be okay. What about the others?” he asks and pulls me close, calming me down. I enjoy his touch for a moment, opening our bond and letting it fill me with warmth. “They will join when they are ready. I made an agreement with Dumbledore, he will allow us all in the Order.” He walks me over to the couch and pulls me against his chest. We sit in silence for a long time, staring at the fire and feeling the power slowly run over my body. “War is really coming,” Blaise fills the silence. I nod, holding out my hand in front of me, seeing the shimmer of both vows wrapped around me. Siphoning is difficult, but this is different, the oath is linked to me. I concentrate and start pulling on it. It takes a while, but suddenly I can feel it. It is absorbing into me. I tap Blaise’s thigh in excitement. “I’m doing it, it’s working! I’m siphoning magic,” I shriek. He looks over my shoulder and we see the small shimmer around my arm sink into me, making me glow. “You did it!” he shouts happily and wraps his arm around me, kissing my cheek. “Fucking proud of you, Peaches.” I cuddle into his embrace as we share the feeling of happiness vibrating between us. “I did it,” I was starting to lose hope, thinking that I was not able to do it, but I absorbed the Wizard’s Oath. The Unbreakable Vow is still in place, but that is stronger magic, it might take more practice, but I’m ready for it. “You could rule the world if you put your mind to it,” he jokes. I chuckle. “Let’s hope I can end a war, I will need all the help I can get. I wouldn’t be able to do this without you or the others. I love you, Blaise.” “I love you too, Hermione. You are like my sister,” he nuzzles my hair.“Sister?” I laugh. “We had sex, multiple times,” my whole body is shaking with laughter. “Step-sister,” he chuckles. “Blame the magazines.” “Gross! I don’t want to think about all the porn inside of those!” I try to pull away, but he is strong and has me in his arms. “Oh come on, you benefit from it too,” he kisses below my ear, my most favorite spot, rendering me lost. “I can show how well it works.” His hands slip under my blouse, roaming over my stomach, up to my breasts. “Please, Blaise,” I beg, pushing my chest up, more into his hands. Wordlessly he uses magic to unclasp my bra, which has a closure on the front. The moment it pops open, my breasts are in his hands. He caresses me, circling over my nipples, making them harder until he can twist them, sending parks through my body. I lean back, laying my head on his shoulder and closing my eyes. “See?” he asks, almost pulling his hands away from my heated skin, but my whimper stops him. “Such a good girl,” he praises. “Fuck me, Blaise, please,” I beg, already soaking through my knickers. He obliges and turns us around, I am laying on my back, my head resting on a pillow as he nestles himself between my legs. I watch as he pushes down his trousers, just enough to reveal his hard, weeping cock. My mouth feels dry just seeing the sheer size of him. I open my legs more and whimper as he slowly fills me. We take our time, moving slowly, savering the feelings. Anytime can be the last. War is coming, everyone is feeling it, stress and anxiety are constantly in the air. Draco is always using the Room and I still don’t know what he is doing here. He looks like a ghost, his face is hollow and extremely pale and there is nothing I can do right now. Blaise is pulling me back to reality, pushing me towards my orgasm and a strangled scream is ripped from my throat as it takes over my body. I shudder and contract all my muscles, making him come. He collapses on me as we catch our breaths again. “Most powerful, brightest, beautiful, witch of all,” he murmurs in my ear and lays a hand on my stomach, casting the contraceptive charm.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Did you get dressed up?” I ask, looking over his clothes. He is wearing his nice robes, the thick dark green velvet ones, with a crisp white shirt underneath it. “Of course, I'm joining the resistance. I need to look like the hot spy I am going to be.” I squint at him. “Do you want to show off that you have money?” I ask puzzled. “You told me the redheads would be there, I need to show them how a Pureblood should look like,” he shrugs, smirking. “You know that that is the exact thing we are going to be against, right? And Sirius is still a Black, making him a very rich Pureblood…. Nooo, Blaise no. You did this for him. You dressed up for him.”He snorts. “Took you long enough. I just need to see him with my own eyes and feel him out.”“That is Harry’s Godfather. Do you really want to have sex with both of them?” “First of all, I haven’t shagged Harry… yet,” he smirks. “But after all you told me about big dick Sirius Black, I can’t stop thinking about all the possibilities.”“Really, you haven’t shagged Harry yet?” I’m surprised with the way they talk to each other. “We did everything else, but shagging takes it to a whole other level.” “So I’m on a whole other level,” I tease, bumping into his shoulder. “Peaches, you are in your own league. Nobody is worthy of you.” We chuckle softly as we make our way to the office of Dumbledore. He holds my hand as we wait for the gargoyle to turn and reveal the staircase. “I’ve never been inside,” Blaise notes. “You’ll be fine, I’m not leaving your side,” I squeeze his hand in reassurance. Albus and my Father are waiting for us, their conversation falls silent when we step inside the office. My irritation spikes the second Albus looks at me, I feel a pressure at my temple. “Can you stop,” I scoff at him. “You can keep trying but you are not breaking through and you are giving me a headache, which gives me horrible patience.” “Hermione, watch your tone,” Father scolds. I don’t respond, just glare at Albus until the pushing on my mind stops. Blaise remains silent, still holding my hand and waiting for what my next step is. “Only you can tell him the location,” I note.“You two can go to Grimmauld Place 12, house of Sirius Black. We will follow you shortly,” he shares and motions to the fireplace. I wait, until Father nods and assures me that it will be fine. Blaise holds my hand as we both step into the green flames and are sucked up. My body twists and turns before we land once. I step out and nobody is waiting for us in the smaller room. He lets go of my hand and follows me towards the kitchen. “Kitten!” Sirius sounds excited, until he sees Blaise behind me, he takes him in, eyes going up and down multiple times. “What’s going on?”“It’s fine, he is joining the Order. Albus is on his way, along with my Father,” I tell him, feeling very protective.He looks between us for a moment, but he takes a few big strides and wraps me up in his arms. Remus is next, almost pulling me out of Sirius’ arms.“It’s so good to see you like this,” he murmurs in my ear. I step back, desperate for some air, the scent of an alpha is still very strong, and I want to figure out who is in the kitchen, staring at us. “Like I said, he is joining, everything is discussed. We are only here for the vow and I need to update mine,” I smirk as my eyes fall on Molly. “Lovely to see you all.” Sirius and Remus sit down, leaving a chair between them, not a subtle way of assuring I sit in between them. Before I can move around the table, Blaise grabs my hip, pulling half of my front to his for a moment, giving him the opportunity to whisper in my ear. His voice is low and very soft, only for me to hear. “Just imagine how good he and I could make you feel.” A set of stormy gray eyes from across the table snap to my own. My mind betrays me as fantasies of both of them fucking me flash by. Fuck me. Fucking hormones. While it helps with the stress that I felt by coming here, it doesn’t help with feeling at ease. The room is filled with multiple Animagi and a werewolf who all are able to smell my scent change, let’s not think about my Father joining us soon. Blaise nudges me to move to the empty chair on the other side of the table as he sits down next to a pair of red-haired twins. “I never believed the whole Slytherin act,” George laughs. “Gryffindor through and through,” Fred adds, fist pumping in the air. I snort. “I’m a Slytherin through and through,” I tell them, leaning back and feeling Sirius’ arm against my shoulders. They frown, I can almost see the gears turn in their heads. “Why doesn’t anyone know you are part of the Order?” Fred asks. “We joined the moment we left school, thanks for the idea,” George winks. “We don’t talk about Hermione,” Molly hisses, the anger clear in her voice. “She’s a bad influence.” “Always such loving words from you Molly,” I tell the older witch. “Knowledge is power, power is danger,” I tell the twins. “You are a spy within Slytherin and pretty boy will become one too?” Fred smirks, probably thinking he insulted Blaise, but the contrary is true. He puffs out his chest and leans back in his chair, looking very pleased. His fingers tap on the table in a quick rhythm. “We could get you the Marauders Map and you won’t need him,” George laughs. I look towards Sirius, and they must know he is one of the creators, right? “I made my own maps, added some extra spells even,” I grin. A corner of Sirius’ mouth pulls up, his eyes filled with mischief. “We do more than spying on our housemates,” Blaise says proudly, earning a kick to his shin under the table. “Like what? Becoming Death Eaters and being a spy for the Order?” George laughs louder, bumping his elbow at Blaise who is staring at me. “That’s mental, the Order wouldn’t put you in so much danger,” Fred shakes his head. All I can do is shrug, already knowing what Blaise wants to do, and I’m not going to stop him. He grabs the left sleeve and pulls it up, revealing the Dark Mark on his beautiful dark skin. I follow his example and show off mine, pulling up the black sleeve of my high neck sweater. The twins turn very pale and just stare at us. Sirius slaps his hand over my Mark, pulling my arm on his lap and covering it back up. I look up at him and see as he realizes my eyes are golden, for a second his eyes flash as well in response, before turning back to a stormy gray. “You two are Death Eaters?” Fred asks. “Spies?” George adds. I turn back to look at them, keeping my arm on Sirius’ lap, his fingers play with mine. His touch is nice, warm and the tips of his finger rough and scratchy. A perfect combination. “We are, we don’t come to meetings here because it is too dangerous. We share our information with my Father and he shares it with Albus.” “So he really is a double spy?” Fred asks. I nod, while my fingers intertwine with Sirius. Blaise is watching us and then he looks down at the table with a devilish grin, one I recognise as troublesome. “You are a Black right?” Blaise changes the uncomfortable subject, he leans over the table, looking very innocent with his big brown eyes.“I am,” he answers, looking up and raising a brow. Blaise taps the table, drawing my attention to it. “Why not buy a new table, this one is scratched up quite badly,” his grin nearly splitting his face in half. Everyone looks at the table, and I remember making them, with Sirius between my legs and getting fucked senseless. Just the memory makes me hot again. Why did I share that information with Blaise? I should have known. Is he trying to have me slide off the chair?“I have good memories about this table,” Sirius answers with a serious tone. “Making it worth keeping.”I dare to glance at him, there is a small smile playing on his lips and when nobody is looking at us he squeezes my hand and winks. The twins fill the time with asking all kinds of questions about Death Eaters and the Dark Mark, we barely respond to them, keeping true to my earlier statement that knowledge is power and power is dangerous. They don’t seem to mind and keep trying, until Albus and Father walk through the kitchen door. “Good evening,” Albus greets. Father only nods and glares at Sirius as he notices my arm in his lap. I try to pull my arm back, but Sirius doesn’t let me and I’m fine with it. “As we all see, we have a new member tonight, Blaise Zabini,” Albus starts the meeting. Blaise nods in acknowledgement, with a smirk playing on his lips, looking like a peacock and ready to shake out his feathers. “We will do the oath for Mr. Zabini and Mrs. Snape will re-do hers,” he squints at me in disapproval, which makes me smile.  “Has her duties changed?” Arthur asks, glancing at me and ignoring the burning eyes of his wife. “Not necessarily,” Albus muses. “She found a loophole in the earlier one and we need to be protected.” “If she did that, she shouldn’t be trusted,” Molly interjects, anger lashing out. “Such confidence,” I roll my eyes, earning a glaring stare from my Father. “It’s not like I intended on finding a loophole, I just got new information and it’s not my fault that it changes the validation of the vow.” “What information?” Sirius asks. “That I have a legal middle name, invalidating almost all vows I made,” I shrug, looking apologetically at Blaise. “We’ll redo ours when we are back at school.” “Lily… he actually did it. He gave you her name as in the Potter tradition?” Remus gasps. I nod in confirmation. “Hermione Lily Snape,” it still sounds unreal, I’ve been called a lot of names. Blaise pops a mint in his mouth and smirks. “You give me a whiplash with all your last names. Potter, Granger, Snape and soon Riddle,” he snorts. “Just use my first name, Zabini,” I snap and roll my eyes at him. “Well you rather have Malfoy, right. Maybe even Black seeing as you had some practice rounds,” he chuckles, leaning back. I gape at him, is he seriously outing me. “What the fuck?” I ask him. “Shut up.” “Oh come on, you can’t tell me that you are looking forward to figuring out what the Dark Lord’s snake looks and feels like. He might look young, but he is old as fuck.” “Zabini, get out if you can’t keep your mouth shut,” Father bursts out. Blaise is still sucking on the mint and I lean forward. “What is going on with you,” I inhale deeply and smell a subtle scent of apple. A look around the table shows two people scribbling into notebooks while holding in their laughter. “What’s in the mint?” I growl, standing, resting my hands on the table and leaning over to them. I can’t see what they are writing before they slam them closed. “Nothing bad,” George smiles. “It should stop soon,” Fred adds. I point threathenly at them. “Tell me what you did,” I hiss. “We are testing a new product…” George starts. “He accepted it when we offered…” Fred continues. “We are just observing the effects.” “Stop, one of you speak in whole sentences. What is in it?” I already know the answer, but I want confirmation. “Just a little bit of Veritaserum, he only shares things that are already at the tip of his tongue. It might be a little strong, since he is sucking on it. We also added something to feel compelled to do just that, suck instead of biting,” George explains, leaning away from my pointing finger. “How could you possibly think that he,” I point at Blaise. “is a good person to test it on. You know what we are and you are putting everyone in danger.” Fred snorts. “Is your sex life that dangerous?” bumping his twin, who isn’t laughing, just staring up at me. My eyes are glowing and I feel the wolf stirr underneath my skin. “You are very dangerous to have sex with,” Blaise almost giggles. “We have to be very cautious, don’t want to be caught by your Father or another Professor. Luckily, after a small chat, Harry understood that we are only friends.” “Blaise,” I hiss and grab my wand, pointing at him and hit him with a silencing spell. “Yeah, no that’s not going to help,” George looks smug. “Whoever is sucking on the candy is protected from such spells, a sort of shield spell we added.” “You idiots,” I burst out, while still admiring their talent to create such intricate products. I want to shrink back as my Father’s voice thunders through the kitchen. “You are having sex with Zabini?! Salazar help me,” he roars. “Are you that desperate to kill yourself? After all that trouble with Black,” glaring at him. “You are that stupid to do the same with Zabini,” pointing his finger towards Blaise. I sit on the chair, looking at the ceiling for a second, before I find the strength to look up at him. He is standing just like I did, leaning over the table, his eyes are pitch black and a vein starts to become more visible in his neck.“It’s not the same,” I counter. “Blaise and I are friends, he is helping me and I help him. I already told you that it is for control and we kept it a good secret. Nobody knows.” “Potter knows!” Father snaps. “If the Dark Lord finds out, you are dead. He will make you suffer! How can you be this irresponsible… AGAIN!” “Stop yelling at me,” I mutter, feeling properly scolded and like a child. “It’s my decision. You think that his torture is a worse fate than being married to him, I’m suffering every day, for years,” I feel defeated, he just doesn’t understand. Before Father can say anything else, Sirius and Remus stand up, putting their bodies between me and Father. “Calm down, Snivellius,” Sirius growls. His scent changes, more animal-like and I know that Padfoot is restless and ready to jump out. “You have done enough, Black. You are the one who brought her in the most danger of all.” “How dare you,” he snaps, almost leaping over the table. I am just fast enough to grab his wrist, just as Remus locks an arm over his chest to keep him back. My stomach drops as Father shouts the truth, revealing the one thing I never wanted to share. “You forgot the stupid spell. I had to help her, I had to watch over her as she was torn up over a choice she should never have to make. You brought her into the biggest danger possible.” “What?” Sirius’ anger disappears and I can’t look up at him. My eyes are burning, my heart breaking more than it already was. Remus steps away, looking down at me. “You two?” he whispers and I can hear the pain in it. “When?” I stare at my hands, hating the feeling of being judged about this. It is even worse than being judged for the Dark Mark. I still have a feeling like I didn’t really have a choice in that. Albus doesn’t even interfere, nobody speaks up. Everyone is waiting for me. The tension is tangible. “I…,” I sigh deeply. “At the beginning of the school year,” I whisper, not because I am ashamed of it but scared of the emotions I will see, the pain I cause him. “Kitten…Hermione, tell me,” Sirius begs, sitting down again and wanting to grab my hand. His touch is burning, making me pull away and jump up, the chair falling to the ground. “I’m sorry, Sirius. We forgot and I didn’t notice anything until Pansy made a joke about it. They took a vow to protect the secret. I accidentally drank Veritaserum and confessed about us. I’m so sorry,” I plead, just begging for him to understand.  I step away from him as he once again tries to touch me and get closer to me. I know he must be hurting, but I can’t have him touching me, it would unravel every emotion I have locked up. Remus lets me pass as I make my way towards Blaise, who wraps an arm around me protectively. “You were pregnant?” Sirius asks again. It is a mistake to look up at him. He looks broken, as if I ripped out his heart and jumping on top of it. I didn’t expect him to want such a thing, didn’t know he wanted to be a father, let alone with me. “I was, but please understand that I didn’t do it on purpose.” “On purpose, do you really expect I would think that of you?” hurt seeping into his voice. “I am angry at myself. I was selfish to forget something like that and I hate that I couldn’t help you in such a time. Please, walk with me. I want to talk, without everyone hearing our business.” I nod and follow him out of the kitchen. “I knew it. She is trying to sabotage us, spreading her legs and using it as a tool to manipulate everyone. She can’t stay in the Order, Albus,” Molly shrieks, the first one finding her voice. “Shut up, Molly,” Father shouts.Whispers break out, discussing the status of my membership in the Order of the Phoenix. I know I would accept it if they would push me out. My only demand would be that Blaise should stay and be protected by them. I don’t even turn away as Sirius lays a hand on my shoulder, pushing me up the stairs towards his bedroom. He sits down on the edge of his bed and I remain standing in the middle of the room. His scent is all around me, it screams a place of safety. “Talk to me,” he whispers, patting the spot on the bed beside him. “Sirius, please. It’s difficult enough,” I beg, my mental walls are trembling as I need all my mental strength to keep the door to my humanity closed. “I would never have told you…I…” I sigh deeply, looking up at the ceiling. “I didn’t have another choice, I couldn’t be pregnant and I couldn’t go into hiding. The Dark Lord would search for me and I am marked, it’s like a tracker.” He surprises me. “I understand. I’m not angry. It hurts a bit, but I understand. I wish I could have been there for you. You had to take the potion, that’s why your Father knows.” I nod and make my way towards the bed and sag down onto it, leaning on to him. “It was awful, it hurt and I puked in class.” He wraps an arm around me, stroking my arm and laying his chin on top of my head. I feel so small, like a stupid child, but also safe and that relaxes me. “It was so hard to do,” I admit. “A part of me wanted to run away and never look back.” “You want children?” he asks softly. I nod. “Not specifically with you, no offense. I imagined my future so differently…” “Tell me about it,” he nudges me. “I would graduate Hogwarts with top grades, jobs lined up and I would pursue whatever brought me on the fastest route to become the Minister of Magic. I dreamed of marrying Draco, both having careers and eventually starting our family. Long lives, filled with love, friendships and family.” He remains silent for a while. “It sounds like an amazing future, one you deserve. You have to fight for it.” “It’s not that simple,” I snap. “I can’t become Minister of Magic with the Dark Mark burned into my skin. I am engaged, I am a killer and the war still has to start. I’m not who I used to be, Sirius. I don’t recognise myself anymore.” “You don’t have to recognise yourself. You never fully knew who you were. Now you know everything and you can decide who you are, decide what defines you.” I snort and try to pull away, create distance again, not only physically. “I’m a Death Eater,” I press on. “I don’t have any control over my life and the times I try to have some it blows up in my face. Somehow my Father always finds out, one way or another. He is always angry at me and I promised him to do better,” I feel defeated. “Hermione, look at me,” he pulls my chin up, forcing me to do so. “He loves you, he might show it differently than you are used to, but he does. You grew up with loving Muggle parents, in a world so different from the wizarding one. Everything changed during your time at Hogwarts, which is a lot in only six years. You found out you were adopted, your angry Potions Master is your Father, your best friend is actually also your half-brother. You never knew your Mother, you fell in love, followed your heart and it ended up badly. You are a Death Eater because you were forced, but you are a spy because you love a lot of people. You are so young, only seventeen and you have utterly too much responsibility on your plate. Take it from me, my parents were forcing the Dark Mark on me too and they almost killed me for it. I was lucky to get out and find shelter with the Potters, they loved me like their own, James was like my brother… They saved me.” “And Remus?” I can’t keep myself from asking. He grins. “We are working it out.” “Tell me about it,” I repeat his words from before, glad to have some other news, happier news. “We had a talk, I forced myself to spill my feelings to him and he responded by kissing me and calling me a bastard for waiting that long.” “What about Tonks?” I mutter. “It is not very common anymore, but we are in a Triad. A relationship between us three,” he smiles. “Never heard about that,” I note. “Isn’t she like your cousin?” “How do you know the Black family tree? She is but it is more like her and Remus and me and Remus, but I love her in our own way.” I nod, feeling lighter knowing he is happy and together with Remus and Tonks. At least someone’s life is playing out like they hoped. I’m overwhelmed to talk to him, to make sure he stays safe and alive. “I don’t want you to fight if the war starts. You finally have the love you deserve, you have Harry, they can’t lose you,” I urge. “You know I can’t do that. Everyone will fight,” he soothes. I shake my head. “Don’t. Things are getting bad, and will only get worse. The Dark Lord will start the war and a lot of people will die and I can’t stop it. I have to play along for as long as I need.” “Listen to what you say, little wolf. Play along. You are not a real Death Eater. Let me promise you this. You will always be able to contact me, ask me for help. I’ll help any way I can. I’m always here for you even for Blaise. I’m guessing you are trying to get your whole pact into the Order to protect them.” I nod. “I’m scared of becoming a monster and I need to become one.” He kisses the top of my head, crushing me in another hug and I cling to him as dread starts to settle in. “I’ll never see you as a monster, I know what your end goal is.” “I want to kill the Dark Lord, for everything that he has done and for Peter. You can’t change my mind about that, both of them will suffer at my hands.” “I know and I expect nothing else from you. You can claim that as revenge, to set yourself free of the pain and suffering that you have endured and that is yet to come.” While I’m not crying, my eyes burn for it as pain and anger swirl through my body. “We’ll all be a family,” I vow. “Harry, you and me.” “We will,” he agrees. “Is Blaise always dressed like that?” he changes the subject so suddenly it almost gives me a whiplash. I chuckle. “Oh no, Blaise, sweet Salazar. He wanted to impress you, he is jealous of my… experience.” “He is bi?” he asks. I try the nod, or respond in any way, but my oath is apparently still binding with him and I can’t speak of it. “Other subject,” I can manage to say. I’m glad that the oath is still binding and kept me from speaking of it, sharing more than he would want. That is exactly why I wanted it, to keep us both safe. “We should get back, it’s getting late.” I groan, and fall back on his bed, finally giving in to the urge to almost literally roll in his scent like a dog…or wolf. He falls back too and faces me, just watching, not touching or speaking. We remain like that for minutes, until someone knocks on the door, and I’m not surprised, I could hear the footsteps on the stairs. Remus opens the door and slips inside. “How are you both?” he asks, sitting next to Sirius on the bed, resting a hand on his thigh, which I note. With a sigh I sit up. “We are good, sorry about all the drama of the night. I just expected a quick in and out.” Sirius sits up and raises his brows playfully while grinning. “That quick in and out can be arranged, little wolf.” I gasp, shooting to my feet and making myself stumble into his bedside table. “No, not doing that again,” I laugh, face burning as my mind bombards me with images, fantasies of sex with not one, not two, but three extra people. I hold up my finger, to keep both of them from speaking what I can even smell myself. “I’m going downstairs.” I make my way down quickly, almost feeling tempted to just drop down them and not think about the sweet peach scent that quickly filled the room. The kitchen is quiet as I barge inside, making my way to an empty chair at the end, besides Blaise. Remus and Sirius join quickly after, but I notice their hair and slightly puffed up lips. “All right, now that is settled, let’s get back to the order of the night. Blaise Zabini, stand up and pull out your wand,” Albus demands. I take my time to look around the table, noting the disapproving glare from Molly. Arthur is looking at the table, Father at Albus and the other members are not hiding their gazes towards Blaise. “I, Blaise Zabini, vow to uphold the rules set to be a spy for the Order of Phoenix as of today. I will uphold the belief of no differences in blood statuses and will actively work against the Dark Lord, helping to destroy him from the inside out. In return I will be protected after the war, my name cleared.” “So mote it be,” Albus casts the binding charm. I’m next, repeating Blaises words and feel the binding settle in my body, as if a small twine wrapped around my heart. “You two make a lovely couple,” a woman announces loudly as she enters the kitchen. I snap my wand towards her, multiple spells at the tip of my tongue, ranging from defense to attacking. Blaise is also threatening her, but his wand is dropping. I nudge him before letting the magic spread out over my body, becoming a walking teazer. “Mother,”“Blaise, dear, how are you? Hermione, heard so much about you. Sorry to say, but I don’t like that ring on you, gold doesn’t match with your skin. Your second husband has to make sure it is either silver or better yet, white gold with diamond.” I’m gobsmacked. My mouth opening and closing without speaking. She is beautiful, slender, long curly black hair, the same skin tone as her son, dark and rich. It’s her eyes that draw my attention, light brown flecked with golden. “Miss Zabini,” I mutter eventually as a greeting. “What are you doing here?” Blaise snaps, hurt travels over the bond. “Catherina, dear. You can call me Catherina,” she moves fluently, as if she is made of water, as she sits down next to my Father, who greets her with a nod. I lower my wand and drop back to my chair, pulling on Blaise’s sleeve to do the same. She doesn’t seem surprised by the reaction and just goes with it. “I love those robes on you, darling,” she smiles towards Blaise. He nods, not able to speak. Luckily, my brain is starting up and questions are being formed. “You are part of the Order,” I affirm. “You are correct,” she acknowledges. “How?” Blaise breathes, following up quickly. “Since when?” She chuckles and even that is beautiful and elegant, just a flash of her teeth as her lips curl up for a moment. “During the First Wizarding World, your father agreed with the war and I needed to protect you. I remembered the Headmaster telling everyone that Hogwarts always offers help to those who ask, so I went to him and explained my conundrum. I was a secret Order member, sharing the information I gathered from your father, but I also came up with a plan. To rid the world from at least one mad man.” “You killed him,” I state, earning a smile from her. “Correct, Hermione,” my name rolls off her tongue as if it is an expensive brand, a luxury to say. “I did it to every one after him, cleansing the Purebloods one by one and I am continuing that small tradition.” “You’re going to kill Theo’s father,” Blaise accuses, confusion filling our bond. “I am, he has the aspiration to step into the footsteps of the Dark Lord, using you and Theo as leverage to get what he wants. I can’t let that happen, so I agreed to marry him and sometime after that, he will succumb to my curse,” she smiles and it is the exact same mischievous one I see Blaise do at least once per day. I’m in awe. Nobody investigated her for murder, she claimed all their money and used it to raise Blaise. “Teach me,” I let out. She laughs, while everyone else remains silent. “Cissa and I will help you dear, all in good time,” she winks, actually winks as if I’m now part of some kind of secret club. “Is she going to kill Lucius?” I inquire. “No, but she specializes in potions and secret Black magic. Doesn’t leave traces on the victim,” she smirks. I turn to Sirius, shocked to know that he might have availability to such books and not use that power or share it. He just shrugs. “Men learned how to use brute power, females were taught other ways, using less power,” he explains. “Why didn’t you protect me more?” Blaise questions his Mother. “I’m Marked,” he sneers, anger taking over the pain. “I couldn’t. I was too late. Theo got Marked all of the sudden and… it happened so fast. Draco and Hermione also that same night. I couldn’t risk it and I know you, darling. You would never leave them, never hide yourself in Italy or anywhere else in the world, knowing that your friends are in constant danger.” Blaise considers her word before nodding. “You are right, I would never leave them. Why didn’t you tell me about the Order?” “I couldn’t… not only the vow, but also it wasn’t safe for you, me or the Order. You are so young and in the beginning your mind was not protected. She taught you right?” nodding towards me. “She did, took a long time and a lot of headaches,” he smirks towards me. I remember grilling them all, pushing on their walls, making them crumble beneath me and demand that they rebuild them and start pushing me out. The same way Father taught me, brutal. “You really are talented, just like your Father,” she compliments and lays her hand on his thigh. I raise a brow at the touch until she pulls back her hand with a smile. No, no, not going there, not going to think about him and her. Not happening. Father doesn’t look at me, making me dread the truth. I have a feeling this is revenge for everytime he is confronted with my sexlife. I want to vomit, probably the same feeling he has about finding out I have sex with Blaise. The Weasleys are the first to leave the kitchen, retreating back to their rooms. I notice the deep exhale from Sirius as they are gone. He must go crazy having all of them in his house. Remus also leaves, using the Floo, making Sirius walk with him to the fireplace. Blaise talks with his mother, dragging me along with them to sit in the farthest corner from the others. “Special spot for Slytherins,” she chuckles and grabs my hand. “Blaise talked so much about you and he is right, such a beautiful young girl.” I see where Blaise gets his flirtatiousness from, I like her right away. She is easy to talk to, all smiles and giggles as she speaks of her time at Hogwarts and friendship with Narcissa. Blaise relaxes and dotes upon his Mother, sharing funny stories and how he is expanding his power. It is as if there isn’t a war about to start, we only focus on the fun and little happy moments, ignoring everything else. She hugs me as we step into the fireplace, getting ready to go back to Hogwarts, followed by Albus and Father. Sirius pulls me from her grip and hugs me tightly. “I’m always here for you, little wolf,” he murmurs as he presses a kiss to my cheek after which he gets pulled away from me roughly. “Hands off my daughter, Black,” Father sneers. The whole talk with Catherina Zabini makes me feel lighter, she is such a strong woman, elegant and beautiful, while slowly killing all her husbands and still managing to get married again. She is an example of how I can also be, look innocent, but inside I’m dangerous. I giggle, for the first time in months, if not longer, as I blow a kiss towards Sirius. Who acts to catch it and push it inside his heart. Father practically shoves me in the green flames and I call out the destination. My giggles traveling with me as I am sucked up, twisted and stretched as I make my way to Hogwarts. I stumble into the office, quickly followed by Blaise, who also feels better than before. Our bond feels like it’s fluttering with excitement. “Quickie before returning to the dorms?” he whispers quickly before Father steps out of the fireplace. I can only nod and clench my thighs together, hoping normal people without animal instincts can’t smell the sweet aroma that is starting to gather in my knickers. “Was that all?” Blaise asks Albus as he steps out of the fireplace and dusts off his own robes. “Yes, I don’t think you will be at another meeting in the near future. We all know that darker times are coming, but I have paperwork of your vows and that will protect you. Every bit of useful information can be shared with Severus, but always stay viliglant and safe. You are all very important for the Order,” he explains before dismissing us. Severus stays behind as we scramble away, ready to search for a little alcove and blow off some steam, taking some control back over our lives.
  
    Chapter Text
    Weeks pass quickly since the Order meeting, nobody noticed our absence or that something changed. Draco is only a ghost of who he was, but I tried talking to him, everyone tried, but he is not sharing anything with us. He is paler than ever before and losing weight, even his hair is getting thinner. I hate seeing him like this, but we tried everything. Every bit of information Blaise and I gathered about Albus, we shared. We tried doing it casually, when we were all sitting together and quite vague, but Draco didn’t respond to it, didn’t even lift his head to look up at us. He has been locking himself in the Room of Requirement every spare moment he has. If he didn’t have us the Professors would notice his lack of homework, luckily Blaise and Theo had the same teacher when they were younger and have almost the same handwriting. Each evening they lay his homework on his nightstand, he hasn’t even mentioned it to them. We are all scared for Draco, the end of the school year is nearing and it seems like he is failing at his task. The Dark Lord's punishment won’t be light, might even kill him and that is something we would not be able to handle. We can’t lose him. I don’t want to imagine how it will feel through the bond, I don’t think I could survive losing him. We are all restless as the last week of school started and there is no sight of a plan. We haven’t heard from the Dark Lord, nobody has been summoned in months. I am wandering the halls, enjoying the warmth of the coming summer. Someone wraps an arm around me, the hand pressing over my mouth as I get pulled back. Instead of getting scared, I focus on my magic and send it all over my body. Draco cries out as the stinging hex hits on every part of his body that is touching me, which is almost his whole body. I whirl around and see him sagged against the wall. “What the fuck,” I gasp. “Sorry,” he wheezes as the trembles start to lessen. “Why would you do that?” I demand. He looks up, his eyes dim and filled with unshed tears. I drop to my knees and hold his hands, which are still slightly twitching and pull on the magic I used to hurt him, taking it back to my own body. “What’s wrong?” I whisper, holding on to him. “I’m going to die,” his lip trembles. I shake my head. “No, you are not. No. No…no…” I shake my head. “I won’t let that happen.” “He’s going to kill me,” he stares at me, the tears spilling over. I push him further in the alcove and hide us as I crawl over his legs and straddle him. “He’s not. Let me help you. Please,” I beg, I feel panic clawing at my heart. “How? I don’t know how,” he grits out. “I tried everything.” I wave up a bubble, drowning out all the sounds and adding privacy around us. People won’t find us or hear us. Our own little pocket of space in this wretched world. “My task, I can’t,” he is breathing fast and unevenly. I lay my hands on his cheeks, forcing him to look at me and show him how I take deep calming breaths. He leans forward, our foreheads touching each other, while staring. I take in his eyes, noting every change in them, they have lost their shine, the small specks of pure silver in them. The gray changed too, becoming darker. “Open your bond to me, only me,” I whisper, closing my eyes and shifting slightly, my lips touching his cheek. I feel him open up, the emotions overwhelming. It’s been so long since I felt him through the bond. He is filled with panic, pain, desperation and utter soul deep grief. “Tell me,” I nudge him. “What is your task? How can I help?” “Only you,” he stresses, a wave of panic coming over me. “Only me,” I agree. “I need to kill Dumbledore and I need to find a way for Death Eaters to come into Hogwarts,” he breaths. I nod slightly. “I knew about Dumbledore,” I admit, nuzzling closer to him and forcing my lack of emotions on him, pushing away the panic inside of him. Reducing the pain and taking some of it on to myself, the Mark starts burning more and more every passing second, but I can handle it. I send him waves of my inner cold and calm winds inside of me, dulling the desperation. His breathing slows down, eyes becoming clearer and he is sitting straighter, holding on to me, fingers digging inside my behind. “What can I do?” I ask again. “I need help,” his voice is stronger than before. “In the Room of Hidden Things, there is a Vanishing Cabinet. It is linked to the one in Borgin and Burkes. I’ve been trying to fix it, but it’s not working.” I lean back, wiping away the stray hairs on his forehead. The urge to kiss him is huge, but I can’t. I made a promise to Pansy and I might be already crossing it, but I won’t go any further. “Does the Dark Lord know about the passage or do you have another way of getting Death Eaters inside?” “I tried different things, but nothing is working. When I found the Cabinet I thought it would be easy and I could fix it within days. The Dark Lord demands that this is the way to bring them inside. He needs something that is stable and can let a lot of people through.” I nod. I don’t know anything about Vanishing Cabinets and we only have a few days until school will be over for the year, which is a very daunting deadline. “We need to go to the library,” I tell him as I remember a lot of Dark Artifact books in the restricted section. “You’ll help?” he asks, eyes lighting up. “Of course, always,” I tell him and start to get up. He holds me into place, pulling my face towards his but he feels my resistance. His eyes are a silent question as I pull back further. “Why not?” he asks. “I can’t,” I sigh, wishing I didn’t have to hold back, my whole body wants to wrap around him, feel him, smell him and let the love between us burn brighter than ever before. “Why?” he asks again, demanding an explanation. My denial hurts him, but I shield my own pain from him. “I made a promise to Pansy. She deserves an honest chance.” I touch his cheek as I stand, wiping away the last remains of his tears. He nods, eyes becoming colder as he erects his mental walls once again. I hold out my hand, helping him to get up from the cool castle stones. I drag him towards the library, which is empty late at night. He follows me through the Restricted Section as I scan the titles of the books, pulling the ones that I need from the bookcases and letting them float behind me. “That is a lot,” he notes as seven big books drop to a table in the corner. “You don’t have to read every word, scan it and search for every bit about Vanishing Cabinets and mending spells for old artifacts.” We start just before midnight and spend hours reading. There is a lot of information, but it also repeats it alot. At five in the morning we are still not finished with the books and my eyes are falling shut, but I fight it. “Let me help,” he whispers, taking my hand he turns it around, palm up. He touches the tip of his wand at the pulse point of my wrist. For a moment it turns cold and I can feel it spread through my arm, towards my heart. The sleepiness disappears within seconds as the coolness flows through my body. “What did you do?” I ask, puzzled. “I added adrenaline to your bloodstream,” one corner of his mouth turns up in a small smile. “I use it a lot when I am working on the Cabinet.”  “Is it dangerous?” I ask, looking over him and taking in every inch of his beautiful, but gaunt face. “Only if you don’t sleep for over a week. I still sleep,” he assures me, but I don’t feel assured. “You do know that you look like a ghost, right?” I tell him bluntly. He pulls his hand and wand away from my skin, I already miss his touch, but I shake the feeling off me. “You do realize that my life and that of my Mother is on the line,” he sneers. “I didn’t know about your Mother,” I tell him softly, trying to reach for him, but he pulls away. He doesn’t explain as he stares at the book on the table. I know he is not reading, just staring, his eyes are not moving along the lines of text. He sighs deeply, almost a sob. “He tortures her, because I’m failing. She tries to hide it, but her fingers are trembling and during the break I had to watch him do it.” I gasp, how did I not notice the signs of it on her. She never revealed it to me, I never saw her tremble or in pain. She didn’t warn me or give me the opportunity to help. I try to tell him, but my mouth can only open and close, without a sound coming out of it. “Don’t worry,” he scoffs. “She hides it very well, I didn’t know in the beginning until the Dark Lord started to make jokes about it. For a moment I still thought he was really joking and not actually hurting her. Until I finally saw the signs, she stopped wearing clothing with a lot of buttons, she barely eats, focussing hard on the few bites she takes. In the evening or night, house elves will bring her more, for her to eat in her room, where no one sees her tremble or drop a fork,” his eyes are blazing with anger and filled with tears at the same time. “I can’t even protect my Mother, Hermione. My Mother,” He grits his teeth to keep himself from crying. I am overcome with the urge to comfort him, to hold him and burn the world down just so I could take my revenge on the Dark Lord. I vow that his pain will be long and painful, I’ll make sure of it. I blame myself for not noticing the changes in Narcissa during the break, even if we spend a lot of time together. How could I be so selfish to think that I was the only one with problems and the weight of the world on their shoulders. Fuck, I’m failing him. “I should have known,” I whisper. He shakes his head. “You couldn’t help either way, even now I’m playing with her life. I was not allowed to ask for your help.” Anger is filling me with more adrenaline and pushing away sleep. “Good thing you didn’t ask and I offered. I will keep her safe. We will make it look like you fixed the Cabinet. I know about the vow my Father has with your Mother. He can kill Dumbledore and you won’t be punished for it, nor would your Mother.” “You won’t know that for sure, if I fail, he will kill her. He will find a way to kill my Father as well and he will hunt me down and kill me too.” I reach over the table, grabbing his hand and pulling it closer. “He won’t, I will kill him before that happens. Draco…” he looks up, looking like a small, broken boy. “I’ll kill him for this, for everything he did to you and your family,” I whisper. “You can’t,” he snaps. “He is too strong. He’s the Dark Lord. He will kill you as well and I won’t be able to handle that.” “We won’t let it come to that,” I tell him, pushing on the bond between us, as if I could crawl into him. I need to be closer, need to touch him, feel him, love him. I need him. He pulls back, erecting the walls within him once more, taking deep breaths as he pushes away the memories of his Mother’s torture and finding the focus he had before. I compartmentalize the recent memories and shift my focus back on the task at hand. It only takes about two hours before we have found enough information and a small ritual to mend the broken link between the two cabinets. It’s not without danger and risks, but we figured out a way that it won’t be clear who cast the ritual. One of the risks is being drained of magic, it is temporary, but not something that we can risk to happen to him. He is going to the Astronomy Tower to kill Dumbledore, and he needs his magic. We will combine our blood for the ritual, combining the power within itin the hope that it will take less from me and not render me useless for a couple of hours. We leave the library just in time before the first students arrive and start on their homework and studying for the day. We make our way to the Room of Hidden Things, I let Draco summon the room and wait for his signal to enter together. We set up the ritual, the room is packed with all kinds of stuff. Old chairs and desks, even whole dorm rooms, but also random items from classrooms. The ritual is simple, a circle around the Vanishing Cabinet, made with power, in other words, blood. He holds out his hand and I lay mine in his, palm up.  With a quick slash of his wand a small wound is created. I walk around the Cabinet, letting the blood drip from my hand. As I return to Draco he holds his hand out again. I frown as I lay mine back into it. He wipes the small cut with his thumb, demanding his magic to heal the injury he created. The cut closes and with a final wipe he swipes away the blood, he leans down and places a kiss inside my palm. A sigh falls off my lips as a small shiver runs down my back. I do the same to him, cutting him, watching him walk around the Cabinet, I gather some of his blood in a beaker before healing his cut and kissing his palm. I’ll need his blood later on in the ritual, but he can’t stay in the room. It will try to suck on the magic that is closest to it. I set wards around the spot and preservation spells on the beaker of his blood. Tonight is the night. Draco figured out that Harry has to go with Dumbledore on a secret mission. He overheard Harry talking about it to Ron, they don’t know what the mission will be, but it creates an opportunity for the Death Eaters to infiltrate the school. We leave the room and make our way to the Great Hall. Just before going in he helps me with another shot of adrenaline. I look up as we walk in, drawn to the table at the end of the hall. Albus is eating his usual scrambled eggs for breakfast, eating with his non-dominant hand. His right hand hidden on his lap. We join the pact and don’t share our information for the coming night. We have to wait until the very last moment, just to make sure that everything will work out as we planned it to. The day drags on and I have to close off my bonds with everyone as I grow more and more restless. Everything I do is on an automatic pilot, I go through the motions, but I don’t even register it. I don’t remember eating or sitting down in the library to do my homework, even though I know that coming tomorrow, there won’t be any regular classes. Doesn’t matter if we succeed in our task or not. Everything will change tonight. The whole pact is very quiet, but I don’t ask about it. They must have a feeling that something is going on, but they don’t dare to ask about it. I brush my teeth and crawl into bed, turning on my side, away from Pansy and Daphne. “Good night,” I whisper, grabbing my wand under my pillow and holding it until the veins make indents into my skin. “Night, Hermione,” Daphne yawns. “Goodnight,” Pansy’s reply is short and she doesn’t sound sleepy at all. The lights dim until it’s pitch black in the room. I hold the tip of my wand against the pulse point, just like how Draco taught me and administer a rush of adrenaline to make sure I don’t fall asleep while waiting for Pansy to do so. It takes half an hour for that to happen and I quickly cast silencing charms on myself as I jump out of the bed. Pulling on a set of fighting leathers, protected black trousers, fitted to my body as well as a black sweater. I pull my hair back in a ponytail and stick down the small flyaways with a simple spell. This is not the time to get distracted by stupid pieces of hair clinging to my face. I make my way towards the seventh floor, Draco is nowhere to be seen, until he cancels his disillusionment spell and steps from around a statue. He is dressed in a black suit, with a black shirt underneath it. The contrast stark against his pale skin and hair. My mouth dries as I watch him, while at the same time my heart breaks, because after tonight, everything will change. The start of a new era. He summons the room and we enter. We take our time to go through the spell once more. It’s time. We both know it and are both trying to stall the inevitable. “Hermione?” Draco asks. I turn around and look at him. “Draco.” “When I get back, can you take away my humanity?” His voice is shaky. “I could do it now, it works fast,” I offer. “No, I need to feel it first, but after, can you do it then?” I nod, understanding his reasoning. He needs to feel how it is to take a life, I want to protect him from the heartache, but I know if this doesn’t happen tonight, it will be another time. I don’t know if my own plan will succeed, but I can’t tell him. I can’t give him hope or the opportunity to sabotage it. He looks towards the doors of the Room of Hidden Things that are leading back into the school. Time is limited and he has to make his way up to the Astronomy Tower. I glance at the Map, they have not yet returned but they can each second and we can’t lose this chance. I nod encouragingly to him, smiling softly. Tonight everything will change, for the worse. Tonight the war will start and nobody but us inside the castle knows what is going to happen. He walks towards the door, looking behind him one last time. Before he can open them I call his name. I can’t say the words, they are lodged inside my throat, but he needs to know. He needs to know that my heart will always belong to him, and him alone. They can keep us apart, marry us off to other people, but that won’t change how I feel about it. “I love you,” I mouth, my hand resting on the spot where I can feel our bond, stronger than every other that I have, as if it is rooted within me, tied to my heart and pulsing along with it. He does the same, just mouthing the words and touching his sternum. I watch as he reaches up further, his hand sliding underneath his shirt and touching the snake resting over his shoulder. I shiver as I feel it along with my own matching snake along my spine. It’s as if he is caressing me, light fingers dragging down my back. I close my eyes, because I want to savor the feeling and I just can’t watch him walk out of this room and leave me behind. It takes me a minute to open my eyes again after I hear the soft click of the door shutting behind him. I start to draw my magic towards me, centering it in my hands and pointing towards the cabinet. I am power. I am… capable. I am a survivor. Fighter. I focus on the ritual and I am prepared for what it is going to do. Once again I am using Blood Magic. I dip my finger in the beker with Draco’s blood and start to draw the rune on the side, big and thick. His blood dripping down the cabinet. When the Rune is done I call the ceremonial knife to me. Father gave it to me at the beginning of the year, a small dagger, for protection and if I would ever find myself in close combat without a wand. A slender black blade, the handle made from black marble, white veins traveling through the cold stone. It creates a perfect balance in my hand, light and easy to use. I take a hold of it, slashing it over my non-dominant hand. For a moment I don’t even think it has gone through my skin, but I feel the slight burn and watch as the blood starts to well up and pool in my cupped hand. I turn back to the Rune, going over it with my own blood. Magic starts to swirl around me, black slithers of smoke. Rogo tePatefacio sursumcreare nexumpatitur iterI keep repeating the spell, the magic intensifying everytime I repeat the spell. The swirls of magic wrap around my body until it reaches my heart and it strikes, at the same time I throw out the remaining blood from my hand, splattering it over the door. The magic constrics for a second, drawing more power from me until it has taken enough. The tenderals are gone and I hear the soft click of the cabinet door opening. It’s done. I did it. I feel lightheaded as it took more magic than I anticipated, but I still have enough. A small bird is sitting in a small box and I grab it. The small bird is scared, I can feel the little heart thundering in its little body. I set the bird down in the cabinet and close the door. When I open it seconds later the bird is gone. The Death Eaters that are waiting at Borgin and Burkes know they can pass through safely. I promised Draco I would fix the Cabinet, I never said I would stay and help them take over the castle.  I don’t bother cleaning up the blood from the floor as I run towards the door of the Room. I listen for a few seconds before stepping out and disillusioning myself. The halls are empty as I make my way towards Father’s chambers. I knock on the door, waiting impatiently for him to open. His frown deepens as he opens the door and looks through the hall. I remember that I still have a very strong spell over my body and reveal myself to him. Granted he is not startled as my body becomes visible to him, he opens his door further and I slip inside. “Do what do I owe the pleasure, Hermione?” he asks skeptically. “Draco is going to kill Albus, at the Astronomy Tower. I fixed the Vanishing Cabinet in the Room of Hidden Things. Soon Death Eaters will be swarming the halls and taking over Hogwarts,” I explain quickly. “I was not aware of the plan,” he sneers, grabbing his cloak and buttoning it over his clothes. “I know,” I whisper. “I made sure of it,” I strike as his back is turned to me. I grab hold of his temples and suck in air, pulling on his magic, just enough to make him faint. His body starts to sag against mine and I gently help him to the ground. I step around and hold his right hand. He watches me through hooded eyes, as I move my thumb over the faint lines of the Unbreakable Vow. “Nooo,” his protest is weak and barely a whisper. Ego quod meum estDa eamDa mihi potestatemI whisper the spell and watch as the lines of the Unbreakable Vow hover above his skin, wrapping around my own hand and arm, leaving his. It worked, I took over his vow. “I’m sorry,” I whisper as I take more of his magic, knowing I need to be strong and have enough. “Warn the Order and help as many people as you can to get out.” His magic will regenerate fast, only in a matter of minutes. Giving me just enough time to get out of here and start the last phase of my plan. His eyes close, losing consciousness. In the safety of his heavily warded room I conjure my patronus. “Sirius, get the Order out of Hogwarts. Use the tunnels. Death Eaters will take over the school tonight. I’m sorry,” the silver Phoenix flies two circles above me before disappearing through the wall.  Next step, going to the Common Room. Luckily it is not far and I am waking Daphne and Pansy within five minutes. “What’s happening?” Pansy asks drowsily. “War,” I tell them, taking the opportunity to strap my small beaded bag around my hips. It is filled with potions, bandages and survival gear, everything I will need in a fight. “What?” Daphne whispers. “War?” “We need to hurry, Death Eaters are coming and taking over Hogwarts. Draco is going to kill Albus,” I share all the information with them. “Hermione,” Pansy’s voice is shrill as she jumps out of bed. “He can’t kill Dumbledore. Please,” she begs. “He is too weak and you know it. He won’t be able to do it, we need to get out of here.” She is desperate and pushes her emotions to me over the bond. Her fingers digging into my shoulders. I grab her wrist, noticing the blood caked on my hands. She notices it too, getting paler. “Did you kill someone?” she whimpers almost. “No, it’s mine,” I assure her. “I’m going to help him. I’m trying.” Daphne joins us and wraps her arms around us both, pulling us in a crushing hug. “Pact,” she states. I agree with her, repeating the word and opening my bond to them, once again sharing my lack of humanity with someone. Helping them to calm down and focus on the coming tasks. “Listen to me,” I urge them. “Pack a small bag, just essentials for survival, no hair straightner,” I stress, looking at Pansy. Who can only give a small shrug. “If things don’t go our way, we need to run. Malfoy Manor will not be safe until we can check it out to be sure. The ministry can attack the manor and if we would apperate into it, we could be arrested or killed. Understand?” They nod, holding each other's hand. I rest my hand on theirs. “I’m trying to keep us all safe,” I promise them. “If everything goes to hell, meet me at the hidden tunnel leading towards the forest.” “Be safe,” Daphne whispers, almost making me snort, but I push the urge down and simply nod. I leave them and make my way to the other side of the dorm, to Theo and Blaise. They sit up straight the second I step inside their room. “What’s happening?” Blaise asks. Once again I tell them that the war is starting and that they need to be prepared to be on the run. If things turn bad, people will want to kill us or imprison us, no matter our age. Before I can leave Blaise wraps his big hands over my cheeks and pulls me towards him in a crushing, short kiss. “Don’t die, Peaches.” I lick my lips before I can answer. “I won’t,” and because I am feeling everyone’s emotions and mostly being filled with angst, I pull him back to me, our lips meeting once more, this time slower, but not less passione. “I knew it,” Theo whispers, breaking the magic of the kiss. “We all thought it was because you spend a lot of time together that we could smell your scents together,” his clarity of the moment quickly changes into anger as he slaps us both. “How could you both be so fucking stupid! What if the Dark Lord finds out?” I look towards Blaise and he nods, as he knows what I have to do. “Obliviate,” I whisper, feeling pained as I take away the memory of Blaise and I kissing. I pull back and leave the room. I summon the firework packages from the small bag and drop one as I run through the school. It has an automatic timer on it to explode after a minute of being activated. The first one starts, sending fireworks through the whole corridor and making the doors rattle. It’s quickly followed by a second and third. This will wake up the students and professors and hopefully this will aid the Order to get as many people out. I run further through the school as I take inventory of everything that is happening. The wards I set around the Vanishing Cabinet have not yet warned me of the passage being used. It won’t stop them, but I will know when they set foot in the school. I close up my bond to Draco, he won’t know that I am coming.
  
    Chapter Text
    I add a silencing charm on my feet as I run up the stairs to the top of the Astronomy Tower, after this night the meaning of this place will always change. Why did it have to be here, even if it is kind of fitting. The place where I truly fell in love with Draco will be the place I will try to save him from a life filled with guilt. I burst out on the top deck, standing in front of Draco. Albus is leaning against the wall, near the platform. I let my magic fill the room, feeling what traps are set, or who is here. I can feel him, I know Albus was not alone and Harry did not leave. He has a spell on him, preventing him from leaving. I don’t look in his direction. My wand is pointing at Dumbledore, clear what I will and can do. “Hermione,” the shock is clear in his voice. “Good evening, Albus,” my voice is cold and empty of emotions. “Are you really prepared to do this?” he frowns, probably thinking about how real the chance is that I will actually do it. “It is only a life,” I tell him, matter of factly, because it is. His life is not worth more than the Muggle I killed at the end of summer. His life means even less to me, because he tried to kill me and is setting my brother up to die.“You have killed someone before, haven’t you?” his eyes widen, realizing he did not know this. “So surprised, Albus?” I sneer. “The Order can keep you both safe,” he offers, and he sounds very genuine about it. It is the last thing he can offer, he knows I don’t value his life. “They can’t,” I counter. I asked for help multiple times and they decided that I was more useful as a Death Eater and spy for them. “You two can run away, in protection and live normal lives,” he is trying to manipulate me through Draco. “Hermione,” Draco whispers. “We can’t, Draco,” I tell him, knowing I am harsh, but he doesn’t know the Order of the Phoenix, they only do what is best for them and the Greater Good. That doesn’t include hiding us, they will use us and we will be in even more danger than we currently are. “Hermione, you are the smartest witch and Draco you both have so much potential. Use it for something good, help the world. Join the Order of the Phoenix, defeat Tom Riddle,” Albus is really desperate. I take a glance at his hand, it is black and dying, probably getting near to his heart. He will die anyway and very soon, matter of days. He knows that too. He is weak, old and cursed. He notices my stare, but remains silent. I hear footsteps coming towards the tower, there are multiple, I know they entered, stepped through the cabinet. He doesn’t know that the school has been compromised, he doesn’t know that the war will start with his death and that we will be leading it. The footsteps are almost at the top of the stairs, but I don’t share my knowledge. I don’t move as someone lays a hand on my shoulder and I look up. The Dark Lord is standing next to me. “Tom,” Dumbledore gasps, taking in the young Tom Riddle instead of the old Lord Voldemort he fought in the Ministry of Magic. “How?” “Her,” he is smirking, clearly proud and not even angry that I am here instead of in the Great Hall.  “Hermione?” his gaze flicks to the ring, playing his part very convincingly. “You two?” “Scared, old man?” Tom smiles, wickedly. “What about your family?” he asks me.“My Father is proud of me,” I sneer, threatening him to not say a word more. “Do it, kill him!” Tom laughs.  I hear more footsteps, it is one person and he is running. “Kill him, Hermione! Do it!” I look to the staircase and see my Father rushing his last steps, but he is too late. I look back at Albus, smile and remember everything he has done. He tried to kill me, made sure Harry was raised by his awful aunt, accepted that Sirius was innocent and still in Azkaban and he made sure Harry was raised to just be killed at the right moment. It is easier than expected to mean the spell. “Avada Kedavra!” the words tumble off my lips, feeling foreign and the power rumbles through me as the jet of green light leaves my wand. The Killing Curse hits him in the chest, knocking him back and over the railing of the Astronomy Tower. I stare at the place where my Headmaster just stood, I can't blink while I wait for the bone shattering sound of his dead body touching the ground. It is a sound that will haunt me for many more years, if not a lifetime.I can feel the Dark magic course through my body, magnified by the ring I am wearing. Soon the black veins will be visible, crawling over my body until it reaches my heart and settles inside of it. My Father stares at me, quickly taking control over his body, straightening and creating an emotionless mask over his face. Bellatrix shouts in joy and conjures the Dark Mark in the sky, dark clouds erupt around it, pouring out rain. “Come,” the Dark Lord simply demands. Draco and I follow as last, my Father walking before us. “Your hand,” Draco whispers and Severus looks back. The black veins are already visible, slowly traveling up my arm. “It’s fine,” I whisper, slowly feeling the darkness seep into me, taking root in my heart. This will only be the beginning and I have to accept that. We walk towards the school, rain pouring down on us. Goyle and Crabb Senior break away from the little group we form and walk around the Astronomy Tower. I ignore what they are going to do. “Hermione, Draco, you both did well. You can join the other students in the Great Hall, make sure it looks like you were doing something else and are just late to the gathering.” The Dark Lord grabs my chin, tilting my face up and presses a kiss to my lips. After he releases me I cast a drying charm and make my way to the Great Hall. Draco is silently following me, until we are far away enough from the others. “Are you okay?” he whispers. “No,” I tell him simply, because it isn’t, but now is not the time to think or speak about it. “Can you take my emotions away? I can’t survive a war with them.” I push him behind a tapestry, near the Great Hall. I point my wand at his forehead. “It won’t hurt, I promise. You need to lower your Occlumency for me.” He nods silently and I watch as his stormy gray eyes become clearer. I slip inside of his mind and see his memory of me killing Dumbledore. My body is rigid, arm outstretched and my face is empty, my eyes glowing golden and the blast of the spell makes my hair blow back. I whisper the spell and retreat from his mind, I watch as his Occlumency falls back into place and the unshed tears dry up in his eyes. He blinks a few times, takes a deep breath and I notice the complete change in his body. He stands up straighter, pushes back his shoulder and the famous Malfoy smirk returns to his features. “Well fucking Salazar, I should have done this long ago,” he whispers and we leave the little hidden spot and make our way to the Great Hall. We already look like we have been doing other things, our hair messy and clothes wrinkled. People will think we have been fucking again, but the pact will know what truly happened. We try to slip in as silently as possible, without drawing attention, but it is no use. Everyone is hyper aware of us coming in late. They watch us take our spots at our table. Harry is not at the Gryffindor table. Ron is glaring at me, clearly knowing something is up. Father is the first to walk inside of the Great Hall, he whispers something to Minerva, her eyes fall to me for a second, before she turns around and walks away through a door at the side. I know it leads to the Professor chambers. The other Professors are nowhere to be seen and I know that's due to the Order, they protected them by keeping them away. Everyone stiffens as Bellatrix laughter echoes through the hall, announcing their arrival.  Dark Lord walks in, followed by Bellatrix, along with the other Death Eaters who have a place at the table. They hover the broken body of the headmaster between them. “Albus Dumbledore is dead!” he laughs, as shocked gasps travel through the hall. “He died and didn’t even defend himself! He died a coward. All your Professors who are not loyal to me are gone. No one will leave, if you try, you die,” he chuckles, followed by the awful cackling of Bellatrix and other Death Eaters are smirking. Let’s hope that gone means that they ran away with the Order and Harry and not that they are killed. “Let’s make the ranks complete, younglings, join us. Reveal your true selves and don’t hide your allegiance anymore,” he is spreading his arms wide and smiling. The pact is the first to get up, I notice Blaise watching my hand, which still has visible veins. Older Slytherins also get up, even a few from younger years. They all know who I am and that the pact is marked. We take off our Slytherin robes, revealing our Dark Marks. I take the lead as we walk forward, using the middle path to end up in front of the Dark Lord. Every step I take is followed by the eyes of every student, I can feel them glaring at me. I kneel at the feet of the Dark Lord, the others follow behind me. “Rise,” the Dark Lord demands. He holds out his hand for me to help me stand, but he doesn’t let go, he pulls me to stand beside him. The pact joins the other Death Eaters, along with the unmarked Slytherins who are loyal. I look around the hall, not resting on the broken body of the former Headmaster, I see his face is turned towards me, his eyes open. The Hufflepuffs are mostly crying silently, the Ravenclaws are frowning and the Gryffindors look at me in disgust, Ron is glaring. I am surprised he is even here, half of the Order consists of his family, I expected him to quickly join them and get away from here. “I knew it,” he screams, drawing the attention from everyone. “You are a filthy Death Eater whore!” I chuckle. “How does it feel to have brains,” I ask him, not caring to raise my voice. “I knew it from the beginning!” He looks around the table for validation, but everyone remains silent. Such courage for Gryffindors. “Get over yourself, Weasel,” I laugh. “You are boring me and when I am bored I get the urge to hurt you.” “Come, come, Precious. Let’s not start off on the wrong foot. We are here to assure that they get the proper schooling and be prepared for a new future.” I smile at him, noting the nickname he uses. “Of course, my Lord.” Ron knows he has no chance of escaping now, the whole room is filled with Death Eaters, they line the wall. One step in the wrong direction and he is killed from all the sides. There are more than I would have expected, most of them unmarked, but unquestionably loyal, their wands ready to strike down any rebelling students. I look over the Gryffindors, the people I once called my family away from family. They have never been that for me, they never tried to really get to know me. They stood by as Ron abused me, tried to rape me and allienate me. Even now, they look up at me as if I have always been a Slytherin and never part of their house, like I am not betraying them. They are a huge part of the reason I am standing here, slowly breaking inside. I am losing everything that I ever cared about and I need to do it with a smile. I am condemning my soul. They might make a few sacrifices for the Greater Good, but I sacrifice everything to become the Necessary Evil and completely shatter my former persona, I’m no longer the know-it-all bookworm. Not one of them would do this, would be able to do what I do. I commit myself to be the highest Death Eater and I will do whatever I need to keep it that way. “Now bow for your, Dark Lord and Lady!” the Dark Lord commands, sending his power through the Great Hall. The tables and benches disappear, every student falls to their knees and is kept there with his magic. The Death Eaters all around us get down on one knee. “Puritas magnitudinem creat” our followers call out. Purity creates greatness. My eyes rest on the broken body of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, former Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I killed the person who people believed to be once the greatest wizard of all time. People looked at him for guidance through the First Wizarding War. He deserved his fate and I am glad I was the person to do it, to watch him fall off that tower. I warned him that I would do it. What people didn’t see is how he manipulated things to fit his vision, he never fully shared his ideas, keeping secrets and always scheming, no matter the cost. He hid after the Greater Good, but it is utter bullshit, an excuse for when people died. I can’t believe I trusted him, he is worse than the Dark Lord. He doesn’t hide himself behind fake promises. I accept my place next to him, I accept my role as Dark Lady and creator of the new future. I look around the Great Hall, everyone is watching us. I’m Shattered, no longer Hermione Granger, sweet Muggleborn.
  