Moodboard: Your Truly. <3

“You walked into my life like you had always lived there, 

like my heart was a home built just for you.”

"Zoetrope" by Joep Beving

If he was being honest, and he rarely ever got to be, Yoongi would say that he hated the monarchy. Everything about it had become fundamentally rotten at its core, rot that was seeded by generations of nepotism and the filth of greed. No longer were they the grand and valiant Kings of old, with immortal dragons and divine feline familiars, they had fallen too far from the state of grace they still put on airs to be.

As the last breathing blood heir to the throne, no one knew all of this more than Yoongi.

He sat in his last refuge of peace in the grandiose monstrosity that his father called a castle, his fingers lightly skimming the porcelain keys of the grand piano his mother had gifted him at the tender age of five. It was his first love, and the love he turned to first when he felt the burden of his position crushing him tightly.

“I knew I’d find you here.”

Yoongi didn’t need to raise his eyes to recognize his caretaker, and closest friend.

“Good morning Seokjin-shi.” he muttered, mindlessly playing a tune he’d played a thousand times.

“So formal,” Seokjin scoffed as he leaned over the piano. “You must be grumpy this morning.” His hand drifted automatically to his side to caress the head of his familiar, which happened to be the largest grey wolf Yoongi had ever seen.

“What do you think Joonie?” Jin cooed, now cupping and rubbing it’s ears like a pup. “Do you think the prince is a little grumpy today?” The wolf melted sweetly at the touch, licking up under Jin’s chin, before returning it’s attention to Yoongi.

“It’s been awhile since I’ve seen you in your natural form,” Yoongi carded his fingers through the beast's thick silver fur, as it rested it’s muzzle across his lap. “I had forgotten how large you are.”

“That’s no different than his human form.” Seokjin waved his hand dismissively as he started to sort through the stack of paper he had brought with him.

“Sooo...Shall we begin with the matters concerning the ball to be held upon your return?” Seokjin peered over the stack at Yoongi who let out a long and deep sigh.

“Your father has asked me to have you review these potential suitors that will be attending,” Seokjin pressed on, ignoring the groans that poured out of him.

 “Oh, we even have some merchant family daughters-” he slid several pieces of parchment across the piano towards him “-must be getting desperate.”

Yoongi didn’t bother looking away from the rain that trickled rivers down the windows, “Do any of them come from families without allegiance to my uncle?”

Seokjin hummed with an air of disgust.

“That’s what I thought.”

“Sire,” Seokjin paused, “as much as either of us dread the idea, you have to marry, they will not pass the throne to you if you have not secured the proliferation of your lineage. If you continue to refuse, you know your Uncle will push to have the next in line who has already secured a wife, which might I remind you is his son, to take the throne.”

“I’d like to see him try.” Yoongi growled, the wolf in his lap matching the noise.

“Oh, try he will-” Seokjin never let up, it was his blatant and sometimes irritating urge to always speak his mind that made Yoongi choose him as his caretaker. “-or have you mysteriously disappear on one of your cryptic hunts.”

Yoongi tsk’d, the talk of another ball thrown to force him to take a wife distracting him from what was truly bothering him.

“Which is yet another aspect of your stubbornness that you have working against you.” Seokjin tossed the rest of the papers onto the piano.

“I do not understand why you are seeking that creature so fiercely. It hasn’t been seen in two decades. For all we know, she’s dead, caught in a poachers' trap. Yoo-” Seokjin fell silent, as Yoongi’s gaze reminded him he was still speaking to the prince of this kingdom.

“She’s not dead, simply hiding,” Yoongi said slowly, returning his eyes to the fogged window panes.

“You are probably right, you’ve been tracking her for God knows how many years now. I’m just..I’m just worried about you, your highness..” He shooed his familiar to be able to sit next to Yoongi, leaning his head softly on his shoulder.

“Besides Joonie and Hoseok-ah, and the little shit he calls his familiar,

are all I have. The longer you go without a familiar, the more your position is threatened.” Seokjin’s tone was soft. Yoongi frowned slightly, reaching over to interlace his fingers with Seokjins.

“I know,” he whispered, “but you forget Seokjin, there is old magic that runs through my veins. My familiar will set the course of my destiny, and ever since I dreamt of her white fur set against the deep green of the northern forest, I knew...that

destiny lies in that forest.”

“It was just a dream..” Seokjin mumbled through a pout, “There’s nothing but wolves like Joonie in those forests now. All the magic has been chased out of them.”

“It wasn’t just a dream,” Yoongi felt it’s vividness still today, two decades after it occurred, “-she visited me. I know it…” he trailed off, now talking mostly to himself, the image of the beast barely visible in his memory, but lingered just the same.

Seokjin sighed heavily and dramatically, and Yoongi smiled slightly at the sound. He knew it was the noise he made when he resigned himself to support Yoongi with whatever he had set his mind to.

“When will you return?” Seokjin sat up again, straightening the papers, acutely reminded of the fact that they were still in a castle full of servants as a maid flitted in and back out again. His eyes were on the door that she had left cracked, and his familiar rose to nudge it closed with his muzzle.

“A week, maybe two.” Yoongi knew they both understood that the walls had ears, and with a rebellion no one could source raging against the king outside their walls, everything Yoongi said was not his to keep. 

“Please be careful, your highness.” Seokjin let his hand land briefly on Yoongi’s thigh. 

“I always am.” Yoongi squeezed his fingers lightly, before they created distance between them once again. “Have you heard from Hoseok-ah?” Yoongi returned to mindlessly playing the piano to drown out some of their conversation.

Yoongi hummed thoughtfully, “It’s been three weeks..”

“He sent Kookie two weeks ago for more coin and ration, but the little fox wouldn’t give us much besides the fact that he was okay and Hoseok-ah had found the stag’s trail.” Seokjin’s tone was matter of fact, still thumbing through the papers in his hands, like they weren’t speaking in code.

‘The Stag’s trail’. 

It’s how they referred to their hunt for the source of the rebellion that had kindled in their kingdom. Yoongi’s father hadn’t been able to identify where it had begun as the seeded idea of hate, and hadn’t taken the right steps to stamp out the angst that built in the people he ruled. So as the years passed, little skirmishes grew bigger, and the rebellion found its feet.

There was no love lost between his Uncle and himself. He couldn’t stomach a single meal with him, as he tried to guide his Father into more stringent laws that placed the monarchy in a more empirical light. While Yoongi refused to be married off to a woman who’s allegiances lay secure in his Uncle’s pocket, he didn’t believe him truly ignorant enough to fan the flames of rebellion. 

It bothered him deeply. Everything that was occurring. All these loose strings, and he couldn’t figure out how they connected. Seokjin was right, he was running out of time, soon he would have to marry and inherit the broken pieces that were the kingdom of his Father and Grandfather.

“I will restore peace to this kingdom,” Yoongi spoke softly, his fingers stilling momentarily on the white keys below them, “-for all its inhabitants.”

“Find that familiar you’re seeking and you just might be able to manifest that wish.” Seokjin winked at him, before bowing and exiting alongside his familiar.

Yoongi’s eyes trailed after them, the ache of loneliness resonating from his bones. Seokjin was also right to admonish him about not claiming a familiar yet. It was typical to claim one as you came of age, and Yoongi was a decade past that moment. Not much lingered of the old ways, but familiars were still a constant. Especially in the royal family, despite the growing scarcity of magic in all its forms, and the fact that he was on the edge of ascension and bore no familiar bid ill tidings for him.

A familiar was a forever bond, not unlike that of a soul mate. Their presence was a constant, loving them unfailingly and to the death. Meant as the most loyal of caretakers, and the fiercest of bodyguards. It was a tradition born from an old treaty bound in blood ages ago, between the human world and one of the gods. Brokering peace and ensuring balance as time passed and the breadth of humanities reign grew.

So when young members of the royal family came of age they stripped of all decoration and frivolity and strode into the wilds, seeking their other half on the other side of the veil. Following a song, sung only for them, that resonated in their souls to its source. They’d follow it blindly to any depths facing any challenge to be reunited with the piece of themselves that wandered wild and free.

But when Yoongi had strode eagerly out into the depths of the northern forests he heard no song. There was no pull, no voice calling him forward. He remembered how he screamed, sobbed, and finally fell and begged for them to speak to him. But there was no response. 

Only numbing silence.

He thought once he left the noise of the castle he’d be able to hear her. That he’d be able to see her again like he had in his dream, but he did not. 

So every few months he'd return, methodically searching, seeking to find the one who visited him first.

A bit of sunshine broke through the clouds and a singular ray landed on his face, he closed his eyes, hoping the weather would break before he left. Though the rain wouldn’t stop him, not anymore.

"Idavollr" by Peter Gundry

Yoongi shifted on the log, leaning to one side so he could peel off his leather boots and dump the copious amounts of water from them. He decidedly chose to take advantage of the first break in rain since he left the castle four days ago to try to dry his boots and clothes. He’d managed a fire rather quickly, thanking Hoseok in his mind for the tricks he taught him.

 As crafty and resourceful as Hoseok was, it was rather fitting he had bonded with a fae fox. Though he gave Hoseok as much trouble as he helped, Yoongi chuckled at the memory of Kook running off with his flint as he was trying to teach Yoongi how to use it, cackling with every step Hoseok bounded after him.

After propping his boots up on sticks over the flames, he stripped to the flesh and fetched dry clothes from his satchel, grateful that Seokjin had thought to pack them. The feeling of dry cloth against his skin at that moment was more delicious than a royal banquet he’d ever consumed. He leaned back on his palms in the moss that had dried quickly around his fire, sighing contently simply from being dry. 

He’d managed to make great progress, despite the constant rain and mud. He crossed into territory he hadn’t yet searched midday today, and was proud of his endurance. He looked around him, taking in the subtle changes in terrain and foliage from the south. He’s eyes catching the slight glow of faes flickering in the underbrush.

‘That’s a good sign.’

Only here in the desolate and harsh wilderness of the northern reaches of his father’s empire, did creatures of magic feel safe enough to be out during the day. The south had become quite unwelcoming and dangerous for them as of late, a slow war against magic and all its manifestations was starting to bear it’s rotten fruits.

Yoongi pulled his mouth in a tight line, no matter how many times he thought about all of it, his mind always brought him back round to the first moment he gazed up at his uncle as a clear headed boy. There was something, something ancient and sleeping, that stirred in him when he first looked into his eyes. It hadn’t stirred since, but Yoongi never forgot the whispered warning in his soul. A singular red string hanging loosely demanding Yoongi to follow it to where it was tied.

Yoongi dug around in his pack for his Jerky, turning sharply as he heard a branch snap. 

“Oh,” he breathed out relieved, the tenseness of his muscles dissipating as he looked over at a particularly fluffy white mink that sat curiously looking at him.

“Hello there.” he cooed sweetly at it, taking note of the overwhelming curiosity swirling in it’s rather large blue eyes. It’s little pink nose and mouth twitching as they peeked out of it’s long silky fur.

“Are you hungry?” He tossed a bit of jerky it’s way, chuckling as it picked it up quickly. It turned the piece several times in it’s paws, it’s eyes untrusting as it never stopped watching Yoongi. It paused as Yoongi took a bite from the same strip he had torn a piece from, and decided finally it was safe to try. Only to immediately decide it was not worth the chew as it spat it back out onto the ground and looked at Yoongi quite affronted.

“Yea,” He laughed, “I didn’t say it was good.

It rubbed it’s paws across its tongue aggressively, even licking the moss to cleanse it’s palette. Before bounding over and curiously exploring his boots positioned precariously over open flame.

“Careful now,” He’s tone was admonishing but laced with amusement, as the weasel paused to curiously look at him, “-or I’ll be forced to use you as a replacement.”

It chittered at him playfully, bouncing over to now explore the inside of his pant leg.

“There’s nothing for you to eat in there either, I promise.” He chuckled as it’s little paws groped his calf. It scurried back out then up his leg, bawling up in his lap, clearly deciding this stranger wasn’t a threat. Yoongi lightly trailed his index finger down it’s spine, smiling as it chittered almost like a pur at his touch.

“A nap sounds good doesn’t it.” Yoongi leaned over to bring his blade to his side, before settling back against the log behind him, cupping his new friend in one hand as he tried to drift off.

He didn’t know how long he’d been asleep when his eyes popped open. Several hours judging by the moonlight peeking through the pine above him, and the dwindled glow of embers at his feet. But he dared not move, his ears tensed to his environment. Had he

it, the sound of a heavy branch crackling to its end?

. The kinda quiet that swept over the wilds when danger was afoot. The kinda quiet that seeped like death into your insides and made your heart race. He moved slowly to make a fist around the hilt of his sword, the hairs on his neck rising to alert him to the fact he was not alone. A small weight shifted on his chest reminding him that he did not fall asleep by himself. 

His eyes shifted quickly downwards to his new friend, who was still curled tightly against him. Except for it’s head raised, it’s keen night eyes staring pointedly off to his left, exactly where Yoongi thought he heard the noise that woke him. This assured him, for his new furry friend definitely had better night vision than him and was staring the opposite direction of his sword hand. This meant he was in a better position to defend himself.

The mink halved in size, trying to melt into Yoongi and disappear. He couldn’t blame him, the noise made him want to disappear too. He became acutely aware of the sound of something large moving slowly through the brush around him. At first he thought it may just be a bear, curiously taking notice of him, and would hopefully shortly move off. 

Until it started to circle him. 

He closed his eyes, they would do him no good now anyways, and focused on controlling his breathing while he listened to each footfall. The urge to crawl out of his own skin peaking as it walked around behind his head, never growing closer or further away. Just circling. Till it stilled, standing in the brush opposite his dying fire.

Yoongi slitted open his eyes, attempting to see past the orange glow into the underbrush, but it wasn’t very fruitful. He dared to lift his head, trying to catch sight of the danger when it hit him. 

A wave, a vibration, a single unspoken word that echoed to his core.

This wave was accompanied by the deepest most feral growl Yoongi had ever heard in his life. He gasped, slamming his head back into the log so hard he knew there would be blood, but at the moment he was more focused on catching his breath. His body reacting to the noise, to the energy, without the permission of his mind.

Just as quickly as it all began, it ended. The energy pulling back like a wave from the shore, in its wake came the night sounds of the forest as the life around him recognized safety once more. He exhaled slowly, finally finding a rhythm in the falls of his heaving chest. He laid there, his body humming from the fear that lingered in his muscles, his hand still gripping his hilt tightly. He laid still, his ears on high alert, till exhaustion took it’s hold and blackness consumed him once more.

Soft chittering against his cheek woke him before the golden rays that licked the ground around him could. He blinked slowly up at the flora that danced in the wind above him. His mind suddenly remembering the events of the night before, he sat up quickly, drawing his blade as he rose. He barely noticed the small squeak as his new friend went flying.

“Ack!” He winced, reaching up to rub the dried blood from the back of his head, glancing at the bouncing ball of indignation at his feet.

“Sorry lil’ fella,” he grumbled, still not fully awake, extending a hand as peace offering to the pouting creature at his feet. “Guess I’m still on edge from last night.” He smiled as it licked his fingers lightly, clearly forgiving him.

His eyes shifted to appraise his surroundings, “What was that anyways…” he mumbled, his mind now recalling as many details as it could.

“Had to have been large, You know what that means right?” he leaned in close to the curious face that looked back at him.

He hoisted himself from the ground, sheathing his sword and gathering his things, ensuring he stomped out of the life left in the embers at his feet. Then he looked past the blackened remnants of his fire, spotting an indentation in the soft earth that was catching shadow.

“Gotcha.” He smirked, quickly stepping over the shriveled logs and closing the four or five yards to the marked earth. As he neared he blinked several times, trying to focus on its shape in the changing light. Till he froze, recognizing its form.

He kneeled, his fingers tracing the outline of each toe in the well defined pug mark. It was large, much larger than his whole hand

 Clawless, not a canid. 

His eyes trailed forward, finding the next track.

Single file, same print shape. Not an Ursidae.

His brain eliminated all the doubt in his mind as to what he was seeing. His eyes followed them as far as they could as they dotted the ground away from them.

“You know what these are bud?” He whispered at his furry friend who had decided to grab a free ride on his shoulder.

“Tiger tracks.” He smiled as the little weasel chittered playfully against his neck, rising to his feet and adjusting his belted weapon against his hip.

It was another two days of tracking in hard terrain, the creature heading into thicker and thicker bush as it traveled to lower elevation and in the direction of the eastern coast. Yoongi had barely rested, eating and drinking as he moved, even traversing most of the nights away.

He came to some broken brush on the trail, checking the inside of the break at the hardness of the sap. 

Still moist. Still green.

“Fresh.” He whispered, waking his living mink scarf who whined softly at being disturbed from it’s nap. He decided to take inventory as the sound of the river next to him reminded him he may be running low on water. A quick shake of his goat skin and he knew that was correct. He drew his dagger and scored the tree next to the trail before about facing and heading to the rocky river bank. 

The sun was rising, the gray and silent hours of twilight on an overcast day allowing the trees to saturate the very air green. He closed his eyes as he filled his water container, revealing the feeling of the earth around him. It somehow felt familiar, called to him in a way he couldn’t quite understand. Like an echo of a song he couldn’t remember the words to anymore. He took a long drink, enjoying the refreshing cold of it as he swallowed it down.

He rose and shed his weapons and clothes, deciding he could afford a quick dip to wash off the sweat and mud he had accrued over the last three days. He left his trousers on, he figured it would help him stay cool in the rising heat and humidity of the southern weather. His friend had the same idea, splashing and cackling as it bounded through the shallow rocky water that pooled at the river’s edge.

He waded out to the middle of the river, walking till it was waist deep, quickly splashing it over his sticky skin before deciding to take several deep breaths and plunging downwards. He submerged himself completely, lingering there a moment, allowing the current to pour over him and wash away the filth that stained him. When he felt his breath run short he rose quickly, flipping his hair from his eyes and wiping the droplets off his face with both hands. 

He stilled, his mind acutely aware of the sound of a rock clattering into the water ahead of him. He lowered his hands slowly, his eyes widening as he took in the sight before him.

There she was, in all her divinity, the elder of this mountain. As old as she was fierce, her charcoal stripes painting the most beautiful markings across her thick white fur. Her white eyes wide with shock, shock that faded to hatred, her lips pulling tight across ivory fangs as her ears pulled back.

Yoongi tilted his head till he could see the bank behind him in his peripheral vision, his eyes never leaving hers. He calculated twenty, thirty feet to his weapons. He appaised her whole mass as it shifted to coil her hind legs under her, she was easily fifteen feet long from canine to rump. In one solid bound, he would be hers, and they both knew it. His mind raced, knowing if she challenged him right here and now, he would not live.

"Pain" by Lucas King

“I mean you, no harm.” He spoke softly, and impressively calm he noted, lifting his hands from the water amicably in front of him.

‘I told you to leave this place.’

He had to take a step back, and catch his breath, as the wave of energy that radiated off of her crashed against him like an avalanche. Though she spoke no words, she didn’t need to, he felt her. 

‘I know what you came for, prince.’

she growled, shifting her feet even more below her,

‘You will not find what you seek with me.’

He was confused, though his mind had told him for years that she was the one, his heart in this moment did not. He shouldn’t be afraid, his soul would welcome his familiar with all it’s lifeforce, it would never be afraid. Yet, Fear was so thick within him he felt he couldn’t breathe through it. 

He blinked away the drops of rain that had started to spatter against his face as the sky opened up to pour on them once more.

“I… But you visited me.

.” He stuttered, taking another step back away from her, her eyes flicking to the movement.

‘I wasn’t visiting you child, think of what was occurring that day, think child.’

she growled, her claws extending as sadness leached her energy. Sadness and

He stumbled back again, trying hard to concentrate through the oppressive weight of fear suffocating all his rational thought.

“I-I-I can’t remember..” he stammered, rapidly blinking as he spoke.

‘Can’t remember!?’

she roared, spreading her mouth wide, his head easily able to fit inside,

‘What kind of love did you bear your only brother if you can’t recall the day you returned his body to the goddess!?’

Then it hit him, it hadn’t been a dream. Maybe it was the adrenaline, maybe it was the fear of his impending death, or maybe it was her memories spilling forth in the river like blood from an open wound. But the haze of the day suddenly cleared, distinctive moments now bringing themselves to the surface. The long line of the funeral procession, the blanket of white that had fallen heavily of the features of spring, and a singular white tiger, only Yoongi’s young eyes had witnessed lingering solemnly on the edges of the forest.

“You..you were meant for

…” He whispered now, choking on the air in his throat as another wave of rage radiated off of her.

‘Yes child, I waited over four hundred years for him to be born, and I came too late.’

she roared loudly again, a whine of sadness intertwined with the ferocity of the noise.

‘I couldn’t save him, I couldn’t save him from what your wretched lineage has become.’

Her eyes returned to him, now set with intent, and Yoongi’s blood ran cold.

‘I gave you your chance boy. Now I will purge you and your tainted blood from this world.’

She lept, and all Yoongi could do was dive into the water out of her way. He’d hoped to miss her claws, but he did not. She was far more experienced in battle, and reacted too quickly to his movements. Her long claws scraped from navel to collarbone, and as he stumbled to place his feet under him again as he saw the river run red around him.

She spun in the shallower water she had landed in, her attention set only on him and claiming what was left of his life. A loud ruckus erupted from her tail, and she whipped around to growl at the little weasel chewing on it feverishly.

That’s all he saw, his head shifting backwards as his knees gave out. The gray sky kissed with green branches streamed by above him as he floated on his back down the river. His mind took him to a happy place, one that warmed him even though his flesh was turning cold. Seokjin curled up on a picnic blanket with his wolf warmly by his side, sweetly begging for his affection. Hoseok’s disgruntled noises as he chased after his little devil of a familiar, all the while the fox’s laughter painted the air around them with joy.

He was glad to see them again, now at the end of all things. For they were, and always would be his home. His real family, blended and magical.

He closed his eyes, unaware of the torrent of water that washed over him, pushing his limp body deep under the water. He had no strength, no strength to fight the current that tumbled his lifeless body against the limestone below the surface. His eyes opened once more, more on reflex than will, when he surfaced again. His body too numb to react to his lungs full of water, his mind still playing happy memories, his body starting to hum. He closed his eyes, for the last time, and for a moment he could have sworn he was flying as it felt like the water had given way to the kiss of wind on his skin. The hum grew with every second, as his heart beat slowed, and he said goodbye to those he loved. 

It was dark, oppressively so, the small fire lit beside him barely dimming its weight around him. He gasped, blinking rapidly, feeling the dampness of a cold sweat on his skin. He weakly lifted his head, his eyes gazing down at the red soaked bandages tightly wound around his torso. He winced, the pain from his movement surging through his whole body. He felt sore all over, like he’d been beaten to a pulp, and his skin was tender. He closed his eyes, hearing his heartbeat in his head, and feeling over taken by a pulsing hum that radiated through his body. He felt dizzy, hazy, half alive.

“Try not to move.” A deep, rich, and gravelly voice broke the silence.

 Yoongi rolled his head in it’s direction, trying to focus his vision through his haze. His eyes adjusted slowly to the flickering amber light of the fire next to him, and he saw a form shift in the darkness just past it. His eyes struggled momentarily, but soon the figure became more clear. Draped casually over driftwood, laid a man. To say that he was beautiful, was an underwhelming statement compared to the reality of him.

 His body was covered from head to boot in black soft leather layers, the collar of his coat wrapped up around the bottom part of his face. His long dark wavy hair framing what was exposed of his face in the most effortlessly stunning way. But what struck Yoongi the most, even with his fever addled mind, was the intensity of his amber colored eyes that stared back at him through the darkness. They seemed to catch the light of the fire in them like no other eyes he’d ever seen before, allowing the flame to play willfully across the irises.

“If you split those wounds open and spill more blood, not even the Goddess herself will be able to retain the life left in you.” The stranger's voice was hoarse, like it hadn’t been used in a long time, but lovely nonetheless.

“Wh-who are you?” Yoongi groaned, finding any movement difficult.

“I should ask you that,” The man spoke with a smirk, his eyebrow arching wickedly as he did, “-you’re the one who desecrated my home with your blood.”

Yoongi groaned, unable to twist his head anymore, he returned it to the flat position he had woken up in.

“Sorry,” he mumbled.

He heard him hum disapprovingly, “You should be.”

When he awoke again, it was daylight, he could tell from the golden light that streamed in through the mouth of the cavern. But that wasn’t what brought him from his death like slumber, he turned his face, his eyes falling immediately on the source of the smell that had woken him. Sitting, perched firmly in the rocks next to his face, was a freshly roasted skewer of fish. Still steaming.

He perched up on one arm, wincing again at the pain, though noting it was less than before. The haze in his mind and the vibration through his bones was still there, and he wondered how long it would take him to heal. He lifted the skewer from the rock bed around him, quickly inhaling it as his stomach hurt the most of all from lack of food.

The sound of splashing tore his attention from his meal, his eyes falling instead upon the beautiful man from before. He was shirtless as he strode from the water, bearing wriggling fish in his closed fist, water dripping from his hair as it hung in his eyes. 

“Good afternoon.” Once again the lovely deep voice stirred the silence between them, sounding much smoother than before. It wasn’t until he spoke that Yoongi realized he was paused mid chew to watch him stride ever closer to him.

“I assume... it’s good?” The man chuckled, smirking at what Yoongi could only assume was the sight of his scale covered face. He blushed slightly, whipping his face with the back of his hand.

“Yes, Thank you.” he said softly, now trying to politely finish his meal like the prince he was instead of eating like a rabid animal.

“Good,” He smiled from ear to ear, “I haven’t cooked anything in so long, I feared I might have forgotten.” he added with a dark chuckle.

“Who are you?’ Yoongi asked again, once he had cleaned the stick of any meat. His eyes carefully took in every movement the man made before him as he skewered his fresh catches. The way his muscles flexed as he drove the skewers easily into the ground at his feet.

“They used to call me Taehyung.” his amber eyes turned thoughtful for a moment, “-and you?” He peered over the fire at Yoongi, his eyes still glowing even in the daylight.

Taehyung hummed again at him, returning his attention to rotating the fish over the flame.

“How long have I been asleep?” Yoongi asked, unable to clarify any passage of time.

“Six days!?” he went to sit up, but was quickly reminded that he, in fact, could not.

Taehyung’s eyes flicked down across his fresh bandages, “You’ve healed rather quickly, but that doesn’t mean you can’t still open them. You should lie still.” His tone was stern, and it made Yoongi want to comply without complaint. He settled back down onto the makeshift leaf and grass bed that he could only assume Taehyung had fashioned for him, letting out a long breath as the pain radiated through him.

“I have a question for you,” Tae’s voice was so lovely, it lingered in Yoongi and made the haze around him thicker. He was growing tired, so he hummed simply in return.

“What year is it?”

“1203.” Yoongi mumbled, drifting back into a deep sleep, the sound of another hum playing in the wind between them.

The next he awoke, he’s breathing was labored and he could feel his body drenched in cold. He felt strong warm hands wrap around and cradle his neck, lifting his head to a more upright angle.

“Yoongi-shi,” Tae’s deep voice was soft and sweet next to his ear, “You need to drink this.”

He felt a cold of a container to his bottom lip, and he parted them willingly. If Taehyung was going to kill him, he would have let him bleed out long ago. He winced at the taste of the hot thick liquid, it was the equivalent of drinking moss and mud, with a hint of an herb too strong for his liking.

“I know,” Tae chuckled, tilting the cup away slightly so Yoongi could clear his throat from choking on it’s earthy bitterness, “-it tastes bloody awful. But you need it, so drink.” he returned the pressure to Yoongi’s bottom lip, and Yoongi obeyed, drinking the cup dry.

“Good.” he cooed, the sound of a smile wrapped his words, at least Yoongi thought he heard one. The fever haze in his mind was so strong, he had trouble even recalling Seokjin’s face. The fact that he couldn’t drove a stake through him, he groaned in irritation at his own delirium. But beyond that, was the vibration he felt radiating through all of his muscles, intensifying the ache already in them. 

He felt the kiss of dry cloth light as a feather across his face, one of Tae’s large hands still cradling his head. Yoongi cracked his eyes, he looked down the length of himself at Tae’s coat that was draped over his shivering form.

Tae brought a piece of fish to his lips, “Do you have the strength to chew?’ Yoongi nodded lightly, with as hungry as he was, he’d find the strength even if he had none.

This stranger was helping him. Correction, this stranger was saving his life, simply from the goodness of his heart. He had no idea who Yoongi was, to him he was just a man who floated past him at death's door. Yet here he was, feeding him patiently like a baby bird, with nothing to gain.

“Thank you,” he mumbled around a piece of fish, “-for saving my life.”

Tae’s fingers stilled.

“I am doing that, aren’t I?” Tae's voice came breathy and softly, Yoongi was surprised he heard it. But it was so clear, his mind had no trouble understanding the words.

“Yes, yes you are. Thank you, Taehyung-shi.”

There was a short hum, and Tae gently laid his head back down, his hands disappearing from Yoongi’s skin.

“Interesting.” This time only a whisper, and far away, breathier than Yoongi remembered Tae’s voice being. There was clattering of rocks, accompanied by dull scraping, and Yoongi’s errant strands of hair tickled his eyelids as they danced in a small gust of air.

“Very interesting.” The whisper came again, wrapping around him like a warm blanket as his mind faded back to unconsciousness.

A small chittering, accompanied by little huffs on his ear lobe welcomed him back into the land of the living. He opened his eyes as two little paws groped his cheek, smiling up into the happy expression of his little furry friend. 

“I’m glad you survived too, little fella.” He reached up and affectionately ran his hand down the length of the happily bobbing little thing. He noticed he didn’t feel so faint, the soreness mostly gone from his body. His mind was clear and cool, and the hum that had coursed through him for days no longer vibrated through him.

He decided to test the waters of his recovery, sitting up slowly, humming when he felt no pain across his abdomen. He hummed again questioningly and peered down, lifting his bandages to check on his wounds. His eyes widening slightly as he tugged them to the side.

There were no wounds. Just long ragged pink scars.

How long had he been here? He groaned as he undid his bindings, the idea of the hell Seokjin was going to give him already annoying him. He hated it when he gave that man the excuse to say

‘I told you so.’

The weasel's nose traveled up the length of the muscles that wrapped his abdomen, retracting quickly with a look of disgust.

“Yea, I’m a wretched creature aren’t I?” He chuckled, scratching its head lightly. He looked up and took in the cavern around him, quickly identifying that Taehyung was not present. He’s keen eyes caught his coat draped over the driftwood he had been leaning against when Yoongi first saw him. That meant he would come back, and Yoongi eyed the water, preferring not to insult his savior's senses any longer.

He rose slowly still feeling dizzy and weak, he took his time walking to the water’s edge. He squatted by it, deciding he didn’t have the strength to fight the current if he waded in. He scooped up a handful for a cool drink, before beginning to splash and rub with water across his exposed skin. He must have really been dangerously feverish, as the air now felt hot and moist against him. So much so that the water he poured across him felt very refreshing. He leaned over the water to splash his face, enjoying the shift of the wind that rattled pebbles at his feet, and blew cool across his wet form.

He opened his eyes to look back at himself in the stilling river. He looked tired, which he found amusing considering he had just spent an ungodly amount of time sleeping. He felt the hum returning, as it washed rhythmically over him, maybe he wasn’t fully healed yet. Then he pulled back from the water quickly as it started to glow. His mind made the connection rapidly that it wasn’t the water glowing, but the ceiling above him. His head arching back quickly to marvel, body relaxing as his gaze trickled over the tendrils that hung like chandeliers from the roof of the cavern, their ethereal blue-green glow ebbing and flowing like the water that danced at the river’s edge.

He leaned back onto his palms, his awe of the marvel above him consuming him and drowning out the growing vibration in his skin. He let his mind wander, wondering how his friends were. Wondering if Seokjin was able to hold his father and uncle at bay, while Hoseok searched for him. If anyone was going to find him, it would be him. Though Yoongi had no idea how long he floated downstream. There was only so much even Kookie’s keen nose could do.

“Beautiful isn’t it.” Taehyung's voice behind him made him jump, had he been so lost in his thoughts that he hadn’t heard him arrive back onto the little rocky beach where he sat.

"Lady of the Dawn" by Peter Gundry

Yoongi turned to peer over his shoulder at him. Taehyung stood still, maybe fifteen feet behind him, his coat now loosely draped over his shirtless frame. The sight of him made Yoongi’s heart pound in his ears, the hum taking a more passionate hold of his being.

‘The fuck is this.’ 

Yoongi grabbed his head, leaning forward weakly.

“Are you well?” he heard Taehyung take several large steps closer, the vibration turning to heat in his core. Yoongi flicked his face back to peer suspiciously at Taehyung.

“Stop.” He held up his hand, his voice laced with all the authority of a monarch as his brow knitted in the center.

“Take three steps back.” He commanded, Taehyung's expression was dark and questioning as he silently as he obeyed. Yoongi’s eyes widened with every measured step that Taehyung took, the heat retracting with him.

“What is it that you're testing?” It was framed as a question but not spoken like one, like Taehyung already knew the answer and Yoongi felt his world spinning uncontrollably around him.

?” Yoongi whispered.

“Again you ask my question,” Taehyung chuckled, his eyes glowing other worldly as the dancing amber hues played with the reflection of the ethereal glow above them. 

“I would like to ask you the same thing.”

“Why?” Yoongi grunted, unsure of what about himself would seem irregular to anyone.

“No average human’s blood smells like yours,” Taehyung spoke bluntly, a wicked smile glancing momentarily across his features. “You’re… different…” Those words however came to Yoongi measured, as if there were questions Taehyung was still trying to answer for himself.

Yoongi rose to his feet, his errant and reckless soul bidding him to do so. It needed to know, he needed to know. He hesitantly took a step towards a very apprehensive looking Taehyung. The confidence seemingly poured out of the beautifully dark man, as he very much looked like a pup that had only known the backside of a hand it’s entire life. Yoongi could see his muscles tightening with every measured step he took to close the distance between them. While Yoongi struggled to move through the vibrating air between them, he could easily tell that Taehyung very much struggled to stay in place.

“Are you going to answer me?” he whispered, his brow still knitted with the concentration it took to keep moving through the torrent of heated energy that was wrapping around his being like a fiery cyclone. He paused, his breath coming shakily as he felt it start to seep into his bones. It was hot, so very hot, it felt like an open flame itself. But instead of wanting to pull back from its embrace, he yearned to relax into it and let it consume him. 

“Are you?” Taehyung's voice was husky as he spoke the words slowly, his body evidently primed to flee from Yoongi.

Yoongi was close enough to him he could make out his lips parted to accommodate for the rapid rate at which his breath was coming to him. Tae’s words were staggered, his eyelids fluttering his cashmere eyelashes in short staccato bursts.

He closed his eyes, needing a moment to adjust to the new level of intensity between them. Never more in his entire life had he wanted to be consumed by something than he did the energy that was boiling between them. He became aware of a hissing sound arising around them, both of them glancing to the steam rising as the water that glazed the rockbed below their feet began to evaporate.

magic..” Tae mumbled softly, clenching his jaw as he spoke, his eyes never leaving the steam that rose below them.

Yoongi moved forward again, with newfound determination, bringing Taehyung's eyes back to meet his. The more he relaxed his mind, the more easily he moved through heated thick air between them, the more relaxed Taehyung’s body became. He was a matter of feet away now, and the hum that encased his essence for days now, had shifted into an audible rumble sending little pebbles vibrating away from them.

Yoongi lifted a hand, instantly mesmerized at the amber glow that formed in the air around it, arching like the lights in the northern sky around his wrist. The closer his hand moved to Taehyung’s chest, the brighter it burned, catching to dancing flames as he hovered his palm over the beautiful stranger's heart. Yoongi felt tears pool in his eyes, turning his attention back to Taehyung, who’s breath staggered out of him now. He did not know who this man was in his own life, or what he was. The beautiful stranger who had willingly saved his life out of good will, the truth of who he was to Yoongi coming blaringly into focus in his mind.

“Where have you been?” Yoongi’s whispered voice strained to hold back the tide of his emotions.

“Here,” Taehyung whispered back, his dark honey irises now glowing with a light of their own. 

“I’ve been right here.” His brows knitted together as his voice formed more confidently.

Yoongi swirled his fingers, playing with the glowing flames that snaked around them. It was probably the most breathtakingly beautiful thing he’d ever seen in his life, besides the man who stood in front of him.

, it wasn’t new to him. His hair swirled around his face, playing in the breeze that wrapped around him. He had been here before, on some misty plane, wrapped in the protective gaze of this being. Long ago, he knew he had lingered in the flames that radiated from the soul before him, allowing them to chase the demons from the shadows of his own.

“Wh-who are... you..?” Taehyung’s voice was strained, his words broken by rattled breath.

“My name-” Yoongi paused, his eyes matching the intensity of the ones that burned back into him, “-is Min Yoongi. I am the crown prince of this realm, and the last descendant of the first king of men.” His words poured from him with confidence and strength, and Taehyung's narrowed gaze subsided to one Yoongi couldn’t quite comprehend as he spoke.

“And you,” he paused again, as a singular tear trickled down his cheek. He knew the words, and they came so very easily to him, his mind rapidly supplying his lips with the ancient oath he’d heard spoken a thousand times but never uttered himself. “-are

familiar, Taehyung-shi. The soul born across the veil that I have spent a lifetime searching for.”

The flames that danced around his hand now tripled in the intensity of their burn, the rivers of them twisting their way up his arm, and spreading like wayward hands across his chest. They paused, licking at the skin above his heart, burning it slightly with each touch that glanced across him. He would have winced, was it not for the fact that he’d been waiting his entire life for this pain. He knew it, it was his most fervent truth at that moment. He closed his eyes again, thoroughly enjoying the heat that had burned deliciously through him, never had he felt so alive.

He peered through heavy eyelashes back at Taehyung, who curtained the flames in his eyes, his body swaying lightly and loosely in the torrent of wind that spiraled devilishly around them.

“Place your heart in my hand, and bind yourself to me, till your last breath or mine. Let us be one once more, and dance in the river of our destiny.” He eyed the markings forming on the back of his hand as he spoke, and by the tilt of Taehyung’s gaze he could only assume it burned through to his palm. He could have actually  been on fire at this moment, and he wouldn’t have cared. He would have lavished in the sensation as the flames ate his flesh. 

..” Taehyung breathed, closing his eyes as Yoongi’s attention flicked back to his swirling expression.

“Not like this..” His voice portrayed the same feeling of ecstasy that Yoongi felt flowing through his veins like hot magma. “...You must

“I am seeing you..” Yoongi assured, “I have seen you before..and I’m seeing you again now.”

“No.” Tae’s eyes sprung open as he took several large steps away from Yoongi, his heart feeling like it was being pulled from his chest with every step Taehyung took. 

“If you are offering me this vow, you must

A challenge. Every familiar responded with a challenge, an act that the bearer of the oath must traverse successfully in order to seal the bond. Seokjin had to physically subdue and muzzle Namjoon. Hoesok had to solve an elaborate puzzle that Jungkook had crafted over decades of life. He braced himself, calm and unafraid of whatever Taehyung was about to present to him.

"Folkvangr" by Peter Gundry

The wind shifted, his bangs being pulled forward as it roared past him with such intensity that it caught and peeled some of the flames from his wrist with it. Smoke and shadow were born in the air around them, rapidly encompassing all of Taehyung's form till all that was before him was a ball of dangerously swirling darkness. Yoongi narrowed his eyes, trying to see through his thick eyelashes that fluttered in the wind, curiosity now gripping him tightly. Taehyung wanted to show him, and he desperately now wanted to see.

His eyes widened significantly as the ball began to rapidly expand, and a wave of heat and energy radiating off of it and slamming against Yoongi, threatening to knock him off balance. He clenched his jaw and dug in his heels.

Taehyung’s breathy voice filled his mind, causing Yoongi to gasp,

“Min Yoongi, Crown Prince and descendant of the first lord of men. Look upon me and know what you willingly bind yourself too.”

One, then two large black wings stretched out of the blackness, pulling ash and smoke with them as they rose. The cavern was filled with the noise of hardened scales scraping against rock, accompanied by the hollow thuds of heavy footfalls. A singular paw extended down from the billowing shadow, it’s long talons glinting like obsidian in the glow of the fire that encompassed Yoongi’s arm and chest. Yoongi’s mouth fell open, realization seeping into every shred of his existence.

“That’s right.”

Tae’s voice hissed, and Yoongi could make out his large amber eyes glowing down at him through the black smoke that still swirled around him. His large horned head that was twice the length of Yoongi’s body suddenly snaked its way towards Yoongi, stilling merely feet in front of him and baring it’s impressively large fangs.

“Are you afraid, Prince?,”

the beasts snarled, his lips forming no words. It was then that Yoongi realized he was hearing Taehyung’s mind, and his expression softened in awe. His eyes trailed over every part of him they could see, his scales darker than a moonless night, and glistening in the ambient light around them. His horns were long and many, twisting waywardly from his skull, the spikes that lined his spine looking as deadly as the teeth that lined his jaw. As breathtakingly beautiful as Taehyung was in human form, Yoongi somehow found him reverently and impressively more beautiful as he was now.

“No,” he breathed, “I am not.”

The dark beast's eyes narrowed, his face arching back away from Yoongi, tucking itself back into the shadow and ash that swirled even more violently around him now.

 the voice growled.

“Claim the heart you so desperately seek. If you can.”

Yoongi slid back across the rock bed as the wave of wind and energy broke across him, he turned his knees bracing himself and halting his slide. He scrunched his eyes close, barely able to see through the torrent that smashed into his face. The air around him started to spark, embers flying past him burning his skin as they touched. He raised his hand to cover his face, hoping to collect his thoughts so he could proceed. He paused, looking questioningly at his forearm. The air became still everywhere the flames touched. 

He focused on the sensation, paying no heed to the darkness that expanded to encompass him. This flame was special, he knew it, it was the manifestation of his pull towards Taehyung's existence. It was the ancient magic that still clung to all the blood in his veins, calling him to bind himself to the beast before him. He would bind them, or he would die, and as the conviction of his soul spilled over him the flames grew wildly around him. They drove forward, cutting the darkness from the air, leaving nothing but ash in their wake. Yoongi took an easy step, now walking unencumbered in the path they cleared.

A low rumble poured from the beast as the flames found and flicked across its broad chest, filling the cavern with the vibration that felt very much akin to a purr.

Yoongi walked steadily now, stilling as he stood at the base of its armored and heaving chest. He placed his hand out extended again, enamored with the way the flames arched from his fingertips and spilled across the hardened scales that defended Taehyung's lifeforce.

“I see you now, Taehyung-shi, bringer of shadow and ash,” he spoke calmly, still entranced with the heat that was consuming his very soul. “Now, place your heart in my hand, and bind yourself to me, till your last breath or mine. Let us be one once more, and dance in the river of our destiny.” He spoke the oath once more, his hand lingering, patiently waiting for Taehyung’s decision.

“Till your last breath or mine.” The great beast shifted forward till it’s chest came against Yoongi’s palm. Yoongi gasped at the sensation that exploded from the connection, turning his face from the brightness of flame that erupted from the touch. The wind increased tenfold, all of the shadow that filled the cavern receding rapidly into the ball of light that was forming against his palm.

Yoongi let out a long, staggered breath, as his eyes fell upon the beautiful man who stood again before him, his bare chest against his palm as the rivers of flame and light intertwined around them. They gazed knowingly into each others’ eyes, neither of them wincing as the flames burned their oaths over their hearts.

Finally it all faded, and Yoongi removed his hand from Taehyung's chest, his eyes trailing over the scar that lingered where his touch had been. For the first time in his life, he felt complete. Tears formed in his eyes once more, spilling over the rim before he could stop them. He thought he’d go his whole life living in that loneliness, and he now found himself overcome with happiness.

“I found you..” He smiled through his sobs. “I finally found you.”

“Yes,” Taehyung’s voice was reserved, his eyes watching him carefully and curiously. “You did.”

Taehyhung hummed thoughtfully to himself, his eyes tracing over the form of Yoongi’s sleeping body across the fire from him, his fingers mindlessly drifting over his new scar.

Fifteen hundred years he had walked on this side of the veil, hating humanity more and more with every passing age. His hatred turned to rot within him, as he watched them ravage the world the Goddess had blessed them with. He’d watch them strip the magic that danced in the air around them to it’s most base forms and use it to purge the world of all that displeased them. Too many wars had he been party too, many more he let slide past his ancient and ever hardening gaze. Too many of his kin falling in the defense of what good still lingered in humanity’s veins, too many more hunted to extinction. 

He was revolted by the mere presence of a human. So as their empire and greed spread like a poison across the pristine wilderness of his homeland, he chose to hide himself away from the world, vaguely hoping he’d starve in his slumber. 

There he remained, stilled, asleep, cut off from anything that might touch his aching and broken soul.

Until a thousand years had passed, and the lifeless body of a beautiful man drifted into his prison. He had watched Yoongi’s limp form, as it floated towards the bank where he had been stilled for so many ages, something small and quiet stirring deep within him. He watched the hope and light leave the man’s eyes as he resigned himself to his fate, and he felt it resonate within him, in some dark corner of himself he had forgotten about long ago. His limb acted without command as he gently wrapped his talons around the stilled and cool body, lifting it free of the river and spreading it softly across the rocks.

In that moment he knew, he could not let this man die.

Min Yoongi, Crown Prince and last descendant of the first king of men, unknowingly became the first human to witness him in his true form in a thousand years, and still be living afterwards.

Taehyung ran his long fingers across his mouth thoughtfully. What in his ancient mind had persuaded him to bind himself to this man? He had always retracted in disgust when he learned of his kin binding themselves in such a way to a human. The idea of a century as a servant seemed ludicrously below any dragonborn, as they were the ones who walked this world most in tune with the Goddess who bore them for her lands. Lands of grey misted meadows and mountains, where the very air still lingered thick with the hum of ancient energy.

‘I have seen you before..and I’m seeing you again now.’

Visions filled his mind of a black haired man standing before him in a meadow, just far enough away from him that his features were shrouded by the mist that clung to the air around them, memories he’d forgotten long before he even learned to fly.

“Who are you?” He mumbled slowly to himself, fingers still working themselves across his lips. He didn’t shift as he heard a rustle beside him, he was quite aware that Yoongi and himself were not alone in this cavern.

“Are you ever going to show him,” His eyes shifted to the exquisitely beautiful man who came to sit next to him. Taehyung’s eyes taking in the glory of him, his porcelain skin glowing heavenly under the blue light radiating from the cavern top above them. His long white wavy hair framed his eyes daintily, with matching thick eyelashes that fluttered softly as they surrounded his sky blue irises. “-what you

, maybe one day.” He cooed, leaning against Taehyung like he had known him for centuries.

“I’ve never seen a dragon before.” he breathed.

“Well I have seen hundreds of your kind, always so fair and demur.” He smiled as the man blushed lightly and giggled.

“My name is Jimin, but you may call me Jiminie.” Jimin bowed low, respect for the ancient one who sat next to him finally now evident. 

“Were you following him, hoping he'd pick you?” Tae spoke plainly, he had little patience for small talk at his old age.

I call you TaeTae?” Jimin batted his eyelashes up at him, and he just humed shortly in agreement, Jimin bounced happily at his permission.

“Well TaeTae, to be perfectly honest,

. I could tell he was searching, his soul was

lonely and his heart

kind and pure. But alas, I could feel it deep down I wasn’t the one for him, but I hoped to at least provide him comfort. For some reason, I do still feel drawn to him, though I can’t figure out

Jimin pursed his lips in thought.

“It’s the magic in his blood,” Tae said, returning his gaze to Yoongi’s flushed sleeping face. “It’s the remnants of the oath his ancestor took, vowing to protect the balance of this world. It draws magic and those made by magic to it, to assist him in holding that oath.”

“Is that why you accepted him?” Jimin asked brightly.

“No,” he snarled, making Jimin shrink from him. He glanced over at him, feeling a small shred of regret for scaring him. “I’m sorry little one, I haven't had company in a long while I’ve grown rough and callous around the edges.”

“It’s okay!” Jimin leaned quickly back against him, running his hands sweetly down his bicep.

“TaeTae?” he cooed from his shoulder, and he hummed again in return.

have you been down here?” Jimin’s tone was soft and sad, and Taehyung found his heart stirring at the idea of this bubbly creature beside him feeling sadness over  him. Especially when he chose this for himself.

“The world,” Jimin paused to measure his words, “-the world has changed. The Goddess’ magic is retreating from this plane. And

,” Jimin turned to look directly up at him, “-you might be the last of your kind.”

Taehyung clenched his jaw, the hot poisonous flame of rage licking up his insides, from his peripheral he saw Jimin carefully watch the shadows that shifted ominously up the walls around them.

“The last dragon, huh?” The words pour from him, wrapped in a growl.

“You are the love that came without warning;

You had my heart before I could say no.”

Taehyung didn’t know much about the man he had bound himself too, only one thing for certain. He acted purely on instinct when in Yoongi’s presence. From the moment this beautiful man floated lifeless into his place of slumber, to every soothing touch he administered as Yoongi groaned through his fevered pain. Taehyung found himself driven by instinct, even when it pushed him from the cavern to comb the mountain for medicinal herbs. He had spent three days searching, till he finally found all the ones his grandfather had taught him to seek, and he felt such satisfaction when Yoongi trusted him and consumed it all. 

Even their bonding on the rocky cove was almost animalistic instinct. He felt the pull, the cord that ran thickly between them as it pulled taunt, not allowing Taehyung to run from the moment. Not that he wanted to, he wanted Yoongi to close the distance between them. He wanted to linger forever in the fiery heat that boiled the very air between them.

What he wanted now was to know why.

Was it simply the oath their ancestors made long ago? Had Taehyung found himself drawn in like a fly to a carcass by the almost magnetic ancient force that flowed through the prince’s veins? Or, was it something else?

Taehyung had spent every night since they left the cave staring up at the blanket of stars, pondering that very thought. 

But as they journeyed ever southward toward the heat and festered wound that was the hub of humanity, Tahyung started to learn more about the man who was now his master. Firstly, he was as fearless as he was adventurous. He took whatever path he wanted, no hesitation as he worked through any challenges it presented him. His clear intellect was evident in all his actions, intellect and compassion. It didn’t escape him that Yoongi took it upon himself not to step on the little mushrooms and flowers he knew were rare food sources for the fae, even when the foot hold would have been safer for himself.

Which led them to where they stood now, Tae standing at the top of a small ravine, his eyes trailing down the skid marks in the mud till they landed on a very disgruntled Yoongi. He stood knee deep in a thick clay soup, the blue earth staining his back from his slide, even the back of his black hair was painted blue. Taehyung lingered at the crest of the ravine, leaned against a tree with his arms folded across himself, wondering how long it would take Yoongi to ask for his help.

Alas, a new thing Taehyung was learning, he was ruefully stubborn.

Taehyung leaned there, chuckling under his breath as Yoongi twisted and turned, reaching for a stick large enough to wedge him from the pit. All the while sweet little Jiminie was cheering him on from his shoulder, in a voice only Taehyung could hear. He wondered how long it’d take him to ask for help, but as he started to sink lower Taehyug’s instincts triggered him to finally break the silence between them.

“I could help you,” Taehyung called down to him, smiling as pink painted Yoongi’s cheeks while he tactfully avoided Taehyung’s gaze. “ I could pull you from the mud, sling you across my back and we could fly the rest of the way.” Taehyung found his breath caught in his throat.

Yoongi snapped his gaze up at him, his eyes widening infinitesimally in...

. His expression gave little away, but Taehyung could feel it. He blinked rapidly, trying to recover from the pure unadulterated excitement that Yoongi was radiating.

He let out a long breath, still not used to feeling another under his skin. He’d spent a thousand years laying in the low rumble of hate, feeling numb besides that, and now he had to rapidly adjust to how deeply and intensely Yoongi felt everything that he did.

The first moment it had struck him was their first sunset away from the cave. Yoongi stood on a small rise that the sun still kissed, basking in the golden rays that licked his skin, lavishing in the warmth of their touch. The content that radiated from his stillness nearly drove Taehyung from his skin, desperately wanting to scoop him up and take him where the sun’s warmth would embrace him whole. If simply to be able to linger in the emotion that pour from him and across the moss around him.

“We can’t fly,” Yoongi grunted, pushing himself slowly from the muck with great force, “In fact it’s best if no one knows your true form for now.” Taehyung felt a spike of sadness, but couldn't place why.

“-and, I don’t need your help. Thank you Taehyung-shi”

. A trait likely born from living his whole life with too few to rely on. Taehyung tsk’d to himself, wondering what kind of life Yoongi was returning to. 

Yoongi slumped forward as the branch broke, Taehyung became acutely aware of the clay gripping his legs tighter as he sank lower still.

“Shit.” Yoongi grunted, trying to stand upright again.

Taehyung acted without thought, hopping from rock to rock down the hillside, landing gracefully next to Yoongi. He crouched down, snaking an arm around Yoongi’s waist, a smile pulling at the corners of his mouth as Yoongi’s hand wrapped around his wrist with a small gasp. Taehyung shifted his feet below him, rising and effortlessly pulling Yoongi from his clay bindings, shifting his weight to lean across the front of him as he paused to let Yoongi find his footing on the stone below them.

Taehyung felt an increase in heart rate, but with them this close, he couldn’t tell whose heart was racing. Taehyung tilted his face, peering curiously down at Yoongi as he still gripped his wrist tightly, enjoying the dusty rose that was blooming on the apples of his cheeks. He leaned in closer, his body craving the heat that started to form between them when they grew this near one another.

“Please remember me,

” He whispered, “Remember me when you need assistance.”

Yoongi’s breathing shifted slightly, his grip loosening on Taehyung’s wrist as the heat radiated from them.

“I will,” he whispered back, “Please release me now Taehyung-shi.”

He quickly obeyed, his body willfully acting against his instinct at Yoongi’s command. Taehyung tsk’d as Yoongi deftly climbed back up the ridge he had ungracefully slid down moments before, simultaneously impressed and annoyed at the power to tame the beast within him this man now possessed.

The one thing that hadn’t changed in a thousand years, were the stars. For some reason that brought Taehyung comfort. The knowledge that the same stars that shone their light on him in his youth when he was surrounded by his kin, still shone on him now, even in their absence. He closed his eyes, wondering if he truly was the last. If so, how did those he loved meet their ends? Did his mother feel bitterness at not seeing him once more in her final moments? He clenched his jaw.

“What are you thinking about?” Yoongi’s soft voice cut through the pain bubbling up within him.

Taehyung opened his eyes, tilting his face against his shoulder to peer over the firelight at him. His expression was soft and thoughtful, and Taehyung felt his dragon stir deep within him.

Yoongi hummed, turning his attention back to tending to the fire.

“I’m sure you’ve seen a lot of it in your life.” His voice was still so soft, Taehyung clenched his jaw once more.

“Too much.” Taehyung's voice fell from him strained, emotions swirling haphazardly through him, unable to create order from the chaos they wrecked on his mind.

seen too much.”  

Taehyung could tell from the set of his mouth that Yoongi didn’t wish to explore this between them, so he asked another question instead.

“Why is it better to hide what I am?”

Yoongi's eyes snapped to him, and Taehyung tasted fear and concern in the air around them.

“Because I don’t have the power to protect you, yet.”

Taehyung closed his eyes tightly, taking a slow long breath in. He was the familiar between them, he was now bound to Yoongi’s side for better or worse, and it was his duty to die for him if necessary. Yet, there he sat, his words portraying his urge to protect the dragon he had claimed. 

“Why do you need to protect me?” Taehyung slitted his eyes to be able to take in Yoongi's body language, it helped him to sort out the glimpses of emotion he felt as they leaked from him.

“Because there is a Royal decree,” Yoongi paused, dread and anger flickering through him, “-that all dragons should be purged on sight.” he looked back at Taehyung, concern pulling at his eyes.

“It was the first act of my Father’s reign,” Yoongi spoke slowly after a moment of consideration, measuring his words but not curbing the anger that spiked in his heart, “-to purge his realm of the beasts that had slain his parents.”

“What?” Taehyung's voice was curt as his brow knitted, his mouth forming his next question as Yoongi spoke again.

“My grandmother’s familiar was a dragon,” Yoongi spoke quietly, “-the last one to grace the royal family. One day my uncle returned home from a boar hunt to find their bodies scorched, still laying in their beds, and he took it’s life where it had stilled, kneeling at the foot of their bed.”

Taehyung’s eyes narrowed, feeling the intensity of his hate for humanity swirling dangerously in him once more. 

‘I’ll kill him.’

“Not if I do it first.” 

Taehyung’s focus snapped back to the prince, who sat thoughtlessly throwing small sticks into the flame. He had forgotten, forgotten that Yoongi could hear him even in his human form, even before they were bonded and he laid fever addled in his hands on the floor of the cave.

“That dragon would never have killed it’s master.” Taehyung’s voice came as a snarl, “-it would have joyfully welcomed death to preserve her and her happiness.”

“What was its name,” Taehyung paused, questioning if he really wanted to know, “-this familiar?”

“I don’t know her full name, her dragonborn name, they simply referred to her as ‘Anna’ in texts.” Yoongi eyed Taehyung’s expression and he could feel Yoongi's mind searching his own for his reaction.

“Was she a pale blue..” he closed his eyes, his voice merely a broken whisper, his mind flooded with the memory of a friend he used to know. Poor sweet Anna, was always tame and demure for a dragon, always preferring a life of peace instead of war.

“I-I..don’t know.” 

Taehyung heard him shift and opened his eyes curiously, only to catch a hand lingering in the space between him. Yoongi’s expression lingered on it as if he was confused as to why it moved without his permission. He balled it tightly and hung his head as he continued to speak.

“Her portraits were burned, as well as all other royal portraits depicting the dragon familiars of old. Their names and deeds were scraped from the written history of the monarchy.”

“Then how do you know all this..”

“Seokjin, my caretaker and closest friend.” There was a wave of happiness at the thought of this person, and Taehyung knew he would die for this person too, if it meant Yoongi’s continued happiness.

“The Kim’s have served my family for generations, and as such gained many gifts over the generations, like the texts that chronicled the history of each king and his rule. Of Course it didn’t hurt that Jin’s great uncle had been the Royal historian and an avid lover of all things dragonborn, and had spent his life making secret copies of all the manuscripts he forged for the King.” He chuckled, reaching into his pack for some more of that god awful dried meat he kept chewing on.

“The Kim’s hid these texts from the Royal Inspection when it came to tear the truth from their family home, and spent the time to secretly teach the next generation of their family the real legacy of the kings they served.” The respect that Yoongi had for this family was evident in his tone, and the fondness of his expression.

“Very brave of them, or foolish.” he lifted a singular eyebrow.

Yoongi laughed, “If you only knew how much that sums up who Seokjin is.”

Taehyung tilted his head curiously, he wanted to know more of this person Yoongi spoke of. 

“You would describe Seokjin as such?”

“Oh yes,” Yoongi laughed harder, “-the first time we met as boys he told me not to hold my breath on him taking his place as my caretaker. Because, and I quote, ‘I’d rather die than live as the servant of this monarchy.’ Which was brave of a child so young to declare so, and foolish too.”

Taehyung found himself chuckling too, he began to think he’d really enjoy this man’s company. 

“What changed his mind?”

“You’ll have to ask him that.” Yoongi shrugged, and Taehyung felt the wall that rose between them. Clearly he didn’t want to discuss that now, and Taehyung didn’t feel the need to push him. They had his whole lifetime to discuss the years before they were bonded, he was in no rush.

Taehyung's eyes drifted out over the clearing beside them, his mind lingering on every aspect of this world that was different from the one he knew.

“There used to be a herd of Centaurs that claimed these woods.” his thoughts full of the memories of their shiny coats glistening as they ran under the moonlight.

“Yea?” Yoongi’s curious tone was endearing to him.

“Oh yes, my prince,” he smiled sweetly at Yoongi, “Infact, this is where their elder resided. The King of all the herds, grand and eloquent. He bore golden hair braided past his waist, dotted regularly with the favorite flowers of his many daughters that they sweetly adorned him with. His coat was soft and silky and complimented the honey tones of his braids. He spoke often of peace and balance as they strode through these meadows, but he was also ferocious on the battlefield.”

“I’ve never seen a Centaur herd,” Yoongi whispered, his eyes gazing out longingly over the meadow, “I bet it’s beautiful.”

“It was.” Taehyungs gaze fell over all the round features of Yoongi’s princely face. He couldn’t help but liken him to a cat, with his high cheekbones and almond eyes. His ivory skin looked soft like velvet and glowed angelic in the fire and moonlight.

But not as beautiful as you.

Yoongi blinked rapidly, his gaze shifting to his feet as he cleared his throat and twisted to adjust his sleeping arrangements.

Taehyung admonished himself lightly, he needed to remember not to project like that. He somehow felt like a kid again, struggling to learn all the rules to a new game. But learn he would, he’d learn everything he needed to and more, just to keep him safe. To keep him

This was the second thing that Taehyung was absolutely sure of.

He couldn’t remember how his dream started but he remembered how it ended. The horror he felt as he stood at the base of a great and ancient tree, it rose twisted into the white sky, blood seeping from the slits in its bark. 

Yoongi reached out, desperate to slow the bleed, his hands filling the wounds to no avail. The blood continued to seep out between his fingers, covering his hands in its vivid color. The thick hot liquid poured down over his forearms as he leaned forward to press more weight into the wounds, slipping as he did. He looked down at the aged and exposed roots, rotting and covered in red below his feet. He slipped again, falling to his knees, tears pouring from his eyes and stinging his cheeks. Even with his hands split open from the fall, still he tried to slow her bleeding.

He looked up at the branches that spun beautifully away from him, feeling her sadness penetrating deeper through him than he’d ever felt before. A sob wrecked his entire body, he felt like his chest was going to split open as the blood pooled to his knees around him. Why couldn’t he stop this? Why couldn’t he save her?

 What did he need to do?

He awoke gasping, the feeling of Taehyung's arm around him, his hand resting firmly against the scar over his heart. The heat of his familiar’s body pressed to his back as Taehyung's breath rolled over his cheek.

“Shh..I’m here..” he cooed into Yoongi’s neck, “

Yoongi let the sobs pour from him, still very much present in the torment of his dream. All the while Taehyung pressed him tighter against his chest. The more he squeezed the more Yoongi sobbed, till there were no tears, just ragged breath and a soreness in his chest that felt akin to his heart being ripped out.

“What did you see?” Taehyung still had not lifted his face from where it was buried in his neck, his lips moved lightly against his skin as he spoke. Yoongi swallowed roughly, trying to find his voice again through the strained tightness in his throat.

“I saw,” he finally spoke, his voice ragged, “a great tree. It...

was wounded.” He corrected, feeling the distinction was important. 

“Her trunk was covered in deep gauges, blood pouring from them. There was blood everywhere..

to stop it..but I couldn’t...

save her.” his body rattled again with new sobs, and he felt the bridge of Taehyung's nose press softly to the underside of his jaw.

“Shhh my prince, it’s okay...

Yoongi couldn’t tell if it was the conviction in his lovely voice or the growing warmth of his touch that brought him comfort, either way he welcomed it, relaxing his body into Taehyung’s. He was glad to feel something other than the pain that the dream had brought him. He'd gladly trade it for the heat that burned through him in that cave.

Suddenly Taahyung shifted, His head snapping up to face the black of the forest around them. He leaned forward protectively, extending his arm to rest in the dirt on the other side of Yoongi. He rose till his chest rested against Yoongi’s shoulder, his body becoming a shield against the night around him. Yoongi’s eyes fell to his hand as it gripped the earth below him, Taehyung's nails extending from his fingertips as he coiled his hand aggressively.

“We are not alone.”

The dragon’s breathy voice filled his mind, and he couldn’t help but feel fear as he remembered the tiger that had vowed to end his life.

“Do not be afraid, as long as I am here, nothing will ever harm you again.”

Yoongi marveled at the shadow that poured from Taehyung's long fingers, painting the earth black as they danced over to their dim fire. They devilishly climbed the glowing logs, blanketing them and suffocating all life from them, sending the two of them into darkness. Yoongi looked up at Taehyung's face, his gaze falling upon his glowing amber eyes as they searched the forest around them. He found himself more entranced at their color and light, than afraid of what lurked around them.

Till a shadow lept quickly to them, the sound of metal cutting the air ringing in front of Yoongi’s face. It happened so fast, it took him as second to reconcile his mind with what he was looking at merely inches from his nose. A long curved blade, glinting in the waning moonlight pressed firmly enough to the soft skin under Taehyung's jaw that it broke the skin.

“Release him.” a familiar voice growled from the shadowed hooded figure that leaned poised like a cat ready to pounce.

Quickly the dragon’s hand rose, pressing his claws to the blade, scraping them up the length of the blade taking shavings as they went.

“Make me.” he snarled, his fangs extending in the moonlight.

The snarl was met with another, pouring venomously out of a golden eyed black fox that curled protectively around the legs of their intruder.

“Hoseok-ah?” Yoongi whispered, Taehyung’s body stilling instantly.

“I found you Yoon.” Hoseok flicked back his leather hood, revealing the determination in his eyes as he stared down at the man coiled protectively around his future king.

“I knew you would..” Yoongi breathed, pushing the blade away from Taehyung's throat as he rose off the ground away from him. He quickly embraced his friend, who only returned the hug with one arm, his other still primed to strike if need be.

“I’m so very glad,” Yoongi breathed into his shoulder, “-to see you again.”

Hoseok squeezed tighter, “Me too Yoon, I thought...I thought you were dead..”

“I was.” he said with a smile pulling back from Hoseok and motioning to Taehyung, “Until he saved me.”

Hoseok's eyes flicked to Yoongi’s expression, which he ensured was soft to comfort the concern from his friend. The fox at their feet, who had wrapped itself around Yoongi’s legs now, cast another guttural growl at Taehyung whose eyes never left Yoongi.

“He’s my Familiar Hoseok-ah..” Yoongi shifted his linen shirt, revealing the scar on his chest. The tension in Hoseok’s body melted immediately, his sword hand falling limp to his side.

“Well I’ll be damned,” He breathed, chuckling as he sheathed his sword, “It’s about fucking time.” 

Yoongi laughed, kneeling down to card his hands through Kookie’s thick ebony fur, giggling harder as he covered his exposed skin in fox kisses. 

“I missed you too Kook.” smiling at him as he chittered happily. He peered back up at Hoseok who’s hardened gaze was still throwing daggers into Taeyhyung’s glowing eyes.

“You should have reacted quicker, I could have killed you both.” Hoseok’s voice was tense, disapproval layered thick in it.

“You should have placed your strike better, You could have killed him.” Taehyung's deep voice reverberated around them deeper and darker than Hoseok’s bright tones ever could.

“I would never-”

“Exactly,” Taehyung interrupted, “because I would never have let you.” a wicked smile twisting his lips upwards revealing his fangs as he spoke.

Hoseok grunted, turning his attention back to Yoongi, “Where did you find this beast, he’s more feral than Joonie was when Seokjin brought him back out of the north.” He turned from them both, busying himself with reigniting the fire behind him.

“I kinda..just..drifted into him.” Yoongi said with a soft smile, enjoying the feeling of his familiar's gaze and energy that had once again wrapped around him.

‘He’s amused... he thinks I’m funny.’

He couldn’t help the heat that started to form in his cheeks, why did it bring him joy to know that Taehyung was happy with him.

Hoseok grunted, now digging a small metal kettle from the pack he had carried with him, he turned back towards Yoongi as he poured from his goat skin into it.

your Tiger?” he eyed Taehyung suspiciously, all the while Yoongi burned hotter under the intensity of his familiar’s gaze.

“Are you going to introduce me? Or are you both going to continue to talk as if I'm not here? I had assumed the Prince of this realm would be more well mannered than that..”

Taehyung rested his chin in his hand, humor twinkling in his eyes.

Yoongi tsk’d, shooting him an unimpressed look that made the dragon chuckle.

“His name is Taehyung, and no, he isn’t a tiger..” Yoongi paused, his eyes widening slightly. He felt amusement trickle out of Taehyung again.

“Hadn’t thought that through, had you?”

“Oh?” Hoseok’s voice sang out quizzically as he placed the kettle in the freshly stoked flames. “Do tell Yoon, what form of wild animal did you claim on your little adventure.”

Yoongi sat there for a long moment, weighing his options. It was not that he didn’t trust Hoseok, he trusted him with his life. But he felt the need to protect Taehyung, to protect his secret, and he knew the more people that knew of his existence the more vulnerable he became. Until he was king, Taehyung’s life was in danger every moment he was by Yoongi’s side. He had just found him, he wasn't about to be without him again. But as he watched one of his best friends pour hot tea into a cup and hand it sweetly to him, he knew those he loved had to know at least.

He lingered, rotating the cup slowly in his hand, “You brought my favorite tea..” he smiled, there were times when he couldn’t really tell who was actually his caretaker, Seokjin or Hoseok. He lavished in the taste as he took a long drink of the steaming brew.

Hoseok hummed, “Figured you’d want it after so long without it.” His eyes flicked back over to Taehyung, “Are you gonna answer me Yoon?”

  Taehyung’s breathy voice swirled in his mind, making his thoughts hazy.

“He’s a Dragon Hoseok-ah.” He mumbled into his tea.

Hoseok spit his tea down the front of him, leaning forward swearing as it burnt his skin, “A fucking what!?” He looked at Yoongi clearly flabbergasted. 

Yoongi was acutely aware of his familiar’s emotions shifting from amusement to pride, as Taehyung gazed with a smile in his eyes over at the sputtering Hoseok.

Hoseok looked from Yoongi to Taehyung, his expression shifting from surprise to quiet reverence. Taehyung shifted under the weight of it in Hoseok's expression, clearly not expecting it.

“Only you,” Hoseok’s voice was soft, “-would disappear for a month into the wilds and emerge with a dragon as your familiar Yoon.”

“A month..has it really been a month?” Yoongi exhaled, his brow furrowing.

Hoseok hummed, his eyes taking in the elegance of Taehyung with a new level of interest and respect.

“How’s my throne?”

“Still yours,” Hoseok chuckled, “ Just barely, Seokjin is clever. He lied and said you had discovered your familiar and needed time to settle the bond.”

“Brave and foolish.” Taehyung purred, amusement heavy in his expression. Yoongi and Hoseok laughed quietly, Hoseok shaking his head as he did so.

“As only he could be, But Yoon..” He paused, seriousness forming all over his features, “we have to return with haste. He’s run out of time to buy.”

Yoongi knitted his brow, dread forming in his body about returning to the prison of his youth.

He never meant to return here, too many memories, too many ghosts from his past. Taehyung stood looking up at the blackened stone spires that pierced the gray sky above them, his mouth set in a ridged line, his feet unwilling to take another step.

Yoongi’s soft hand wrapped sweetly around his wrist, and his eyes flicked down to him as he stepped to his side.

“It’s okay, I’ll protect you.”

He closed his eyes, clenching his jaw. Yoongi thought he was afraid, and sought to comfort him. Again, this was supposed to be his duty, not the duty of his master. He found it so very endearing, and highly telling of Yoongi’s character as a man. He was wrong though, Taehyung was not afraid. His hesitancy was not born of fear, but of sadness and anger. But he had identified a few days ago that Yoongi’s read of his emotions was not as accurate as it was the other way around, and with his hand so sweetly wrapped around his wrist Taehyung's feet would willfully follow him to the ends of the earth.

Yoongi released him as they approached the iron doors adorned with the magical creatures this throne used to protect, Taehyung and Hoseok trailing several steps behind. Taehyung watched mesmerized as the adventurous man with a lust for wonder in eyes melted away with every step. His shoulders rolled back, his chin lifted slightly higher, his heel hitting the marbled floor with more authority each time it clicked crisply against it.

Until all that was present was the Crown Prince Yoongi had claimed to be, and Taehyung was utterly entranced by the regality that radiated from him. His gaze shifted at the reactions of guards and servants that gasped and bowed as he passed. He paid them no heed, determination thick in his stride. He took a sudden sharp turn, and Taehyung wracked his faded memories to remember the layout of this monster insides.

He threw open a door, and Taehyhung felt a wistful happiness spike in him.

“Your highness!!” A loud voice called, rattled with emotion and accompanied by the scraping of furniture.

When Taehyung entered the room Yoongi was already swinging through the air in the man’s embrace.

have you been!? You think I can just run this fucking country without you!?” Taehyung smiled as he stilled politely on the edge of the room, by the admonishing tone and brazen disregard for the difference in their status he already knew the man who was scolding his master.

Hoseok plopped down onto one of the leather couches that sat in the little library they found themselves in, propping his feet up on a little table in front of him.

“He was out playing beast tamer.” He motioned with a hooked thumb over his shoulder at Taehyung, who bowed slightly out of respect to Yoongi’s friend.

“Oh? Is that so?” Seokji released Yoongi, looking rapidly back and forth between them.

A growl pulled Taehyung's attention back to the center of the room as a rather large and well groomed man leaned forward from the couch opposite of Hoseok to push his muddy boots from the table. 

“It seems you’ve spent too much time in the wilds and forgot your manners.” He growled as he peered over his glasses at Hoseok.

Hoseok giggled playfully, “Coming from

The man bared his fangs in a wide playful smile, “You forget the wall’s have eyes, as well as ears.”

“Enough you two,” Seokjin chided them, “Joonie, leave him be, he’s wilder than

.” Seokin  eyed Taehyung as he purposely closed the distance between them, his eyes full of curiosity.

“My name is Kim Seokjin, I am caretaker to Prince Yoongi, it is nice to meet you.” He bowed low, the respect making Taehyung shift and straighten.

"It is indeed nice to meet you Seokjin-shi, my name is Taehyung, my friends used to call me Tae, you may also do so." He swept one leg back behind him, crossing an arm grandly across him as he bowed low to the young lord who Yoongi bore such love for. 

Seokjin's eyes narrowed, "A beast who's been to court before…"

Tae smiled as he righted himself, his gaze taking in an interesting expression that flicked across the prince's features. 

"And why did our future king bring a curious creature like you back to court? " Seokjin turned to eye Yoongi suspiciously, an eyebrow playfully raising. 

"Why do you think Seokjin-ah?" Yoongi tugged lightly at his shirt till the top strokes of their oaths could be seen. 

Seokjin’s voice was full of amusement, "at least I won't get flogged for lying to the King." 

"You wouldn't have been flogged, I would have never allowed it." Yoongi said turning his attention back to the stack of papers Tae assumed Seokjin had been looking through. 

"So," Seokjin’s eyes returned to appraising Tae, "what manner of beast are you friend?"

"Tiger." Yoongi said flatly, Tae's attention flicked back to him as he leaned over and scribbled something on a loose parchment, before turning and offering it to Seokjin. He flipped it in his hand looking at Yoongi with a puzzled expression.

"Not the one from my dream, " Yoongi continued as Seokjin gasped and looked back at Tae, then strode quickly to hand the paper to the man sitting opposite of Hoseok. Tae assumed this man was his familiar. He adjusted his glasses and read the paper too, his eyebrows lifting to their max as he joined Seokjin in staring at Tae.

"I found him in a cave to the east, he saved me from the precipice of death. " Yoongi continued as if nothing was occurring silently in the room around him.  Seokjin caught his senses and quickly yanked the paper from his familiar’s hands and moved to hold it over a candle nearby, letting it burn completely. 

The man rose silently from where he sat in awe, heels clicked tightly together as he bowed deeply at the waist. 

"Greetings ancient one, " his voice was deep and wild as he spoke a language Tae hadn't heard in ages,  "I am Namjoon, second prince of the northern pack, I am honored to stand in your presence."

The other men in the room looked at each other in confusion, all the while Yoongi’s gaze was fixed on Tae.

"Greetings Namjoon, second prince of the northern pack, the honor is all mine." Tae's voice was low and thick, he had forgotten how much he loved the language of the wolves. 

"Does your master know you are royalty? "

Namjoon righted himself, smiling from ear to ear as he answered in the language of men,  "Not a fucking clue." Tae joined him in a boisterous round of laughter. 

Seokjin pouted next to him, "I feel left out.."

Namjoon turned at the waist, wrapping an arm around his waist and pressing the bridge of his nose under Seokjin’s jaw, "I would never leave you out my lord. " Tae smiled, the words came as a familiar comforting his master, but Tae recognized the body language of a wolf that had found its mate. 

Suddenly a ruckus erupted as loud chittered cries filled the space between them all. Before Tae could react a pale ball of fur came rocketing through the air to land on his chest, Hoseok’s familiar hot on his heels. Tae scooped up Jimin, holding his hand above his head away from the very excited ebony fox.

Tae growled down at the pup, causing it to whine and sit. 

"Jiminie is not a play toy."

Yoongi approached him, now reaching for the shaking weasel Tae sheltered, "Is that his name?"

Tae nodded, lowering his hand so the little fur ball could hop eagerly onto Yoongi.

"So, " Yoongi held him so he could look him in the eye, "you'll introduce yourself to the lord of shadow but not me? After all that time we cuddled?"

Jimin sprung from Yoongi's hold,  landing sweetly on the back of the couch. A light silver like the moon filled the room, and when it faded he sat perched on the edge of it in his human form. The white silk that draped loosely of his form made his icy blue eyes pop even more. 

"Good afternoon, your highness." Jimin nodded sweetly,  batting velvet eyelashes at him. 

"Well," Yoongi breathed, "Good afternoon to you too, I'm glad to finally hear your voice Jimin-shi."

Jimin blushed, leaning shyly away only to make eye contact with a rather dazzled Hoseok, who blinked rapidly and cleared his throat as he leaned away. 

Tae felt a tug on the cord that bound him to Yoongi, and he turned to face him once more. He looked so regal, so composed, but Tae could see through all of that. Just below the surface was an ocean of emotions, swirling deeply and intensely. Tae straightened slightly, resisting his urge to walk forward, setting his foot back down softly.

“I see they already arranged the ball for tomorrow evening.” Yoongi mumbled gruffly, tossing the papers to the table he leaned against.

“Yes,” Seokjin knitted his eyebrows lightly, “They made arrangements as soon as Hoseok reported he had found you.”

“So much for time to recover.” Yoongi chuckled darkly, pinching the bridge of his nose.

“What do you think all that time in the woods was, dear?” Seokjin sang at him, humming with an egregious amount of sass at the end, “Speaking of woods, you three-” he pointed aggressively at Hoseok, “-need a bath.”

“Kookie?” The little fox straightened sweetly when he was called on, “Can you take our Prince’s Familiar to his new quarters while Namjoon and I assist his highness in his bath?” Seokjin’s tone seemed a bit strained.

“But then who will help me with mine?” Hoseok rocked his feet as he spoke with a pout.

“You are neither the future king, nor his familiar, you can draw your own bath.” Seokjin returned to pointing threateningly at Hoseok, who only continued to pout.

“If I may, Lord Kim,” Jimin rose elegantly from his perch and spun to bow as gracefully as Tae had done, “I would be honored if you would take me under your tutelage and allow me to assist you in your duties.”

Seokjin stood dumbfounded momentarily, until Hoseok snickered and kicked his foot lightly.

“I-I..don’t think you-”

“Lord Kim, I do know my way around a royal court, and if you taught me well I could take on the role of caring for our Prince’s familiar under your direction, of course.” Jimin smiled brilliantly, waving his hand in respect to Seokjin.

“I have no need for a caretaker..” Tae grumbled, as likely the being most seasoned in life in the room, he felt a tad insulted at the idea of needing someone to wait on him hand and foot.

“As the Prince’s familiar you will. Your days will be filled with meetings, events, banquets and more. Your duty is to ensure the health and happiness of your master and future king. Your caretaker's duty is to make sure you don’t stink and you look good doing it.” Seokjin brazenly admonished him, his finger now wagging at him.

Jimin snickered as Tae discreetly tried to smell himself.

“Please Lord Kim,” Jimin bowed once more, “allow me to be of use to you, and to our prince.”

“Ack alright! Just stop calling me Lord Kim, it makes me feel like my bore of a father.” Seokjin erratically waved his hands motioning for Jimin to rise, “Kookie, will you show them both to Tae’s new quarters, please?”

The little fox chittered happily as he danced from the room, Jimin following sweetly behind. Taehyung turned to face Yoongi, this would be the first time they have been apart since they were bound over a month ago, and the feeling unsettled Tae. He took a few steps and drew nearer to Yoongi, who’s head still hung as he appraised the cracks in the marble below them.

“It’s okay Taehyung-shi,” Yoongi’s fingers wrapped lightly around his wrist, “I’ll see you later.” squeezing lightly before releasing him

Tae frowned, wondering momentarily if he was the only one who was anxious about the seperation. Out in the wilds, Yoongi’s emotions were so easy to feel and understand, here in the gilded stone walls around them, they were not. 

 Yoongi’s eyes rose to meet his, his features soft and sad, “I’ll be fine, go now.” he bobbed his head dismissing him and Tae reluctantly obeyed.

It had literally been too fucking long since Taehyung had a warm bath, luke warm if he was b eing precise about the current temperature. Sweet Jimin had drawn it while Kookie had taught him about the room and briefly of his duties. Tae let out a long breath as he slid in, his bones suddenly feeling as old as he was. He rested his arms around the back of the copper tub, trying to enjoy it but decided quickly he was not going to as it was.

He wrapped his long fingers around the brim of the tub, turning his head slightly to appraise the steam that arose around them as they started to glow like hot irons. The glow traveled slowly, heating every inch of the tub till the room was painted amber like the glow of a fireplace and steam filled the air. He sighed, sliding deeper under the boiling water, content at last.

, got it.” Jimin spoke softly, as he stood almost in awe in the doorway to the suite's bathroom, a pile of fluffy towels in his arms. 

Tae chuckled, “Old habits die hard.”

Jimin smiled from ear to ear, he walked softly over to set the towels on the table next to the tub, ‘That’s right, I heard tales of the dragons who would color the sky on their way to the volcanic springs that lined the summit of the always smoking Mount Venna.”

Tae took in a long deep breath, almost smelling the sulfuric acid and volcanic rock from the memories Jimin’s words and the bubbling caress of water against his skin triggered. Instead his nostrils were filled with the lavender and cedar wood radiating from the little bits of flora Jimin had placed to scent the water. He flared his nose and frowned slightly, not that it was a bad smell, it’s that he found himself in need of the other.

“I’m sure I can find some lava rock,” Jimin sat on the stool next to him, thoughtfully rubbing his chin as Tae peered up at him, “I’m sure the Prince would prefer you not smell like sulfur, but I can add pine and oak. That would help create a lovely atmosphere for you. Are there any other scents you’d like me to acquire?”

“Black Ash and Bigtooth Aspen grew most rampant near the water’s edge.” Tae closed his eyes again, his mind filled with the memories of the hot water soaking every curve of his blackened scales. He couldn’t help but be impressed at the very intuitive nature of the fae who sat near him.

“Then I will be sure to acquire them My lord.”  

Tae’s eyes shot open, “There’s no need for that.” he spoke sternly.

“No need for what?” Jimin tilted his head to the side, arching one eyebrow as he spoke, “To refer to you as you are?”

“Oh, I must have my lore wrong then. Forgive me TaeTae, I was under the assumption that you were the dark and stunningly exquisite yet foul tempered eldest son of the royal Draconis family, Kim.” Jimin batted his eyelashes expectantly, clearly not sorry.

“I’m not a prince anymore Jimin-shi.” he growled looking away to the ceiling.

“No, You are quite right. If you are the last, then you are King.” Jimin’s voice was breathy as reverence poured from his lips to wrap around the final word he spoke.

, Please linger here all you like. I shall acquire comfortable clothes for you to relax in, any preferences?” Jimin rose, looking sweetly yet determinedly down at him and he knew this man was likely more stubborn than himself.

“Yes, my lord.” Jimin bowed and made for the door.

“Jiminie..” Tae called after him as he closed his eyes and sank till only his lips hovered over the bubbling water, “-don’t call me that in front of him.”

There was a long pause, “

Yoongi spun his head slowly, taking in the sights all around him, all of his senses tingling. He could barely make out the twisted forms of the ancient trees that peeked through grey haze that blanketed the air around him. The meadow was alive, the sound of fauna he didn’t recognize ringing loudly in his ears, he stepped forward cautiously, his bare foot sinking in the soft moss that grew rampant below him.

A large shadow passed over him, the birds and bugs stilling, but not him. He moved forward, more eagerly, his eyes fixed on a shadowy figure in the mist. His heart raced, the sound of the blood coursing through his veins was deafening in his ears. He was running out of time, he could feel it in his soul, he desperately tried to close the distance between them with his hand reaching out.

Then as suddenly as he found himself in this familiar place, it was shifting away from him, the figure disappearing in the mist. He wanted to cry, he wanted to scream, he opened his mouth but there was no sound.

His eyes sprung open, he was gasping yet again, tears filled his eyes and he felt him close to sobbing. He balled his fist against his chest, finding himself wishing Tae’s hand was there comforting him like it had before.

Yoongi sat up quickly, his blurry eyes trying to make sense of the dark room around him. The voice spoke to him barely above a whisper, yet it was still rich and intoxicating like the finest honey mead. He knew it was him, even before he locked eyes with the almond amber eyes peering back at him from the darkness.

Tae’s presence brought relief, as well as intensified the ache he felt in his chest. Yoongi leaned forward clutching his fist in his nightshirt, “I’m fine.”

Tae’s voice turned beastily, and likely would have scared any other man than Yoongi. But Yoongi just sat in awe as the clouds parted from the moon and she was finally able to pour out the last of silver light that she would have this life cycle softly into his bedroom. 

Tae was draped over the velvet lounge that sat against the wall opposite of his bed, his mouth perched in his hand as his eyes washed over Yoongi’s form. Yoongi’s gaze trailed across him, Tae’s broad shoulders were elegantly defined by the glittering of gilded feathers that adorned the transparent fabric that spilled loosely over his form. His black chiffon kimono hung open, the roundness of each of the muscles the ran defined across his abdomen catching the light. All the black, from his messy curls to satin pants, only complemented his golden skin and amber eyes, making him appear almost divine.

“You should be sleeping..” Yoongi spoke softly, unable to look away from him, even as he felt the heat forming in his ears.

.” Tae spoke darkly, his eyes narrowing, “What did you see?”

“I don’t want to talk about it..” Yoongi really didn’t, he didn’t want to cry in front of Taehyung again. He knew that Taehyung had been hesitant to leave him alone, and he didn’t want to give him cause to worry more. Tae hummed thoughtfully at him.

“How did you get past the guards? They don't know your face yet.” Yoongi mumbled, peering over at the door.

?!” Yoongi growled.

“Don’t worry, My prince.” Tae smirked, “I’ll handle it in the morning.”

“What will you do?” Yoongi returned to meet his narrowed and amused gaze.

“Try not to scare them too badly.” Yoongi chuckled, rhythmically trying to rub the pain from his chest. Tae’s eyes flitted down to the motion.

“I’ll make the whole world fear me if it will keep you safe.”

Yoongi paused his self-soothing, his chest aching differently now, he was becoming aware of the temperature in the room increasing. He closed his eyes, relaxing into the heat, there was something about it that was more comforting than anything he ever experienced. Besides Tae’s embrace.

“Would you like me to hold you again?” Tae purred at him, the air around them heating another ten degrees.

“There's..no need for that.” Yoongi turned his face from the light so hopefully Tae wouldn’t see his cheeks flush at the idea. He was surprised that Tae would willingly offer that, but then he remembered that they were connected and his Familiar was simply acting on Yoongi desires.

“I should sleep.” Yoongi turned the rest of his body to lay down, pulling the burgundy covers to pool around his face. Anxiety blossomed inside of him.

“Tae-ah?” He called out softly, Tae hummed in return.

“Promise you won’t leave, for tonight at least, will you stay?” He chewed on his bottom lip, suddenly nervous for his reaction.

“Yes My prince, I’ll stay.” 

The answer was soft and soothing and wrapped all of Yoongi’s skin in a blanket of warm comfort. He closed his eyes, and prayed he’d have no more dreams tonight.

The golden light of day had already begun to fill the room, when Taehyung's keen ears heard Seokjin’s voice approaching swiftly down the hall. Yoongi had just fallen into a restful sleep a handful of hours ago, Tae rose silently and made for the door, not wanting him to wake just yet.

Seokjin’s eyes bulged as the door swiftly opened and Tae stepped out, quietly shutting it behind him. A smile pulled at his lips as he thought they might just pop out of his head. There was a sudden clatter of metal and the sound of swords being drawn.

“H-How did you get in there!?” One of the guards spat at Tae, who then started to pale as Tae’s lips curled up at the corners revealing his fangs.

Seokjin furrowed his brow, spinning on the two of them, “You mean to tell me you didn’t

he was in there!?”

They both took a half step back from Seokjin, he may have been the caretaker to the Crown Prince but that didn’t change the fact that he was also a Lord of the realm. The authority that radiated from him had Taehyung chuckling lightly, glad Yoongi had this intimidating man at his back all these years.

“No, my lord. He must have snuck in through a window.” The other guard now spoke, clenching his teeth in defiance. 

Before the next sentence could form in Seokjin’s mouth, Tae had already sprung past him, catching the man’s face between his claws and raising him till his feet dangled from the floor. He saw the other guard shift in his peripheral.

“You will sheath your weapon in the presence of Prince Yoongi’s familiar.” Seokjin growled from behind Tae, but Tae was absorbed in the realization and fear that spread white over the man’s face in front of his eyes to take any more notice of the trembling man beside him.

a slacker…” Tae tsk’d several times, twisting the man’s head so he could speak into his ear, “You will leave here, remove your uniform and present it to your superior, and when they ask you why the Crown Prince’s familiar dismissed you unceremoniously from your honored position you will tell them the truth. That he caught you sleeping at your post instead of dutifully guarding your future king, then you will ask for the most severe punishment they can offer you requesting a letter detailing said punishment is sent to me.” His voice bubbled out of him in a low deep growl.

Then he tossed the man to the side, allowing the other man to steady him, “Leave now, and if you enter this castle again you’ll not leave it once more.” he bared his fangs as they stumbled back from him. They bowed quick and low to the two of them and ran down the hall away from him.

Taehyung turned back to Seokjin who stood impressed at his back, he looked down at the golden tray of food he was carrying.

“Is that for the prince?” 

“When does he need to be ready?” Tae lifted it gently from his arms.

“A quarter to noon, for lunch with his Uncle and Father. He must be formally presented.” Seokjin mumbled through a smile that was forming.

“I will ensure that he is so, Thank you Seokjin-shi.” Tae bowed lightly and brushed past him into Yoongi’s room.

He quickly and quietly made his way to the side of the bed Yoongi was sweetly curled into. He paused, admiring him, all the weight of the monarchy was lifted from him as he slept, instead of a prince, a beautiful and sweet man laid before him. His breathing was shallow, dusty rose kissing the apples of his high cheekbones, lips parted in relaxation.  Tae unconsciously leaned down, his fingers feather light as they brushed the strands of silky straight black hair from his eyes. 

‘So fucking beautiful.’

He didn’t know what the bond of a familiar entailed, he’d only had the memories of his grandfather, obediently trailing after the King he served. He tried to pull those dusty memories forward, appraising their body language in his mind. Had his grandfather felt this, this never ending pull? Did the air in the room start to boil as they grew closer in it’s shadows?

It was in this moment he wished he had gotten to learn more, more from his elders before they were no more. He might have, had he not run from the world.

“G’mornin’..” Yoongi’s sleep drenched voice hit him hard.

“Good morning, my prince.” Tae smiled sweetly down at him. “Are you hungry?” Tae sat the tray on the bed as Yoongi shifted to sit up.

“Have you already eaten?” he mumbled, his voice still thick from sleep as he rubbed his eyes.

“Yes, and they were

.” Tae sat on the edge of the bed, widening his eyes dramatically as Yoongi appraised him apprehensively. 

them,” he laughed, going about preparing a cup of tea just like he had seen Hoseok do it. “-but they are dismissed, threatened to never return or I

.” he smiled as he handed the cup to Yoongi, who sat thoughtfully appraising it before lightly sipping at its contents.

“Thank you.” Yoongi mumbled, and Tae’s eyes lingered on the soft pink forming on the bridge of his nose.

“You are most welcome,” He rose from the bed, “Now, you have lunch with your Uncle and father you need to prepare for. I have been instructed to ensure that you are formally presented in thirty minutes.”

“Seokjin is busy handling the estate of your personal affairs, I can handle simply dressing you.” Tae winked at him, as he made for the closet.

He let his fingers trail over the many silk kimonos stacked neatly in their display boxes, all of them beautifully adorned. He selected one and held it in front of him, happy with his choice. Another catching his eye, he turned and pulled it’s sleeve out to glimpse more of it’s pattern then smiled as he pulled that one too.

“For lunch you can wear this.” He laid the white kimono across the bed, and Yoongi’s fingers trailed over the pretty branch design , stilling them over the tiger that was painted across it. Tae returned and laid black under garments next to it, complementing that black of the design.

“A tiger.” Yoongi smiled.

“A very fitting metaphor for your personality, your highness.”

Yoongi peered curiously up at him, blinking several times, “You think I’m a tiger?”

“Oh,” Tae breathed, “-most definitely.”

Yoongi blushed, looking back down at the beautiful kimono as it spilled across the bed. 

“And this,” Tae’s fingers trailed over the boxed kimono he had set on the bed side table, “I’d like you to wear tonight.”

Yoongi’s eyes widened, as he leaned forward and pulled the fabric from the box that kept it. The burgundy silk came willingly as he pulled, his fingertips trailing over the lines of silver wind embroidered across it. He paused every time they graced one of the dragons, depicted in glittering silver thread, flying gracefully in the wind down the length of the fabric.

“Dragons.” he whispered, his thumb rolling over the outline of one.

“I know that for now, You can’t show the world what I am,” Tae started softly, his brow knitting lightly at its center. 

“-But in this regard, you can still claim me.” He didn't intend for his voice to turn so husky, but it did and Tae reveled in the fact that the temperature of the room was rising once more.

Yoongi turned his face upwards, his thick eyelashes hanging heavily over his dark chocolate eyes, “I’ll wear it proudly.” The heated air swirling between them stained his cheeks red, Tae had clenched his jaw simply to stay rooted in place.

“I-..I-I’ll go wash up now.” Yoongi hooded his eyes with his hair and rose quickly from the bed.

Tae swallowed roughly, finding his voice again, “Do you need assistance dressing your highness?”

I’ll manage.” Yoongi said too quickly, before he paused in the doorway to his washroom, “Tae-ah? Do you mind bathing again?’

Tae’s eyes widened, his cheeks flush with embarrassment. Did he still smell of the filth of his life in the cave?

“It’s not that you smell bad,” Yoongi quickly waved his hands in front of him to abate the frantic expression on Tae’s face.

“You just don’t smell right..” Yoongi trailed off.

“Not a fan of lavender?”

“Not really, and it doesn’t suit you…” Yoongi mumbled.

Tae narrowed his eyes, what did he mean it didn’t suit him.

“Whatever you want, my prince.”

“How fancy does he need to be?” Jimin excitedly asked from the closet he was ferreting through.

Fancy.” Seokjin responded, chuckling at Jimin’s squeal of excitement. 

A low rumble very akin to a pur radiated through the room, bringing Seokjin’s attention back to Tae who was submerged up to his eyes in boiling hot water, amusedly watching the two of them. Honestly Jimin could come out of there with a dress and Tae would comply because he was so very happy with the fae who now served him. He closed his eyes, tilting his head back out of the water, flaring his nostrils to take in the scent that hung heavy in the room.

The room was engulfed in the smell of the hot mountain springs, every element there except the one that would affront humanity’s senses. But even with missing that element, the aroma of the heated lava rock compensated nicely. He rolled his neck across the rim of the tub, humming happily.

“Um..Tae…” Seokjin’s voice was hinged with apprehension, Tae rolled his head and slitted his eyes open to peer at happily at him. He wasn’t looking at Tae but instead at the candles around the room, all of their flames tripled in their size.

“I’m glad you are happy, but let’s not burn the palace down..

atleast.” He added as Tae playfully arched an eyebrow at his sentiment.

Tae sat up in the tub, collecting himself so as to not project his energy. They both turned to peer questioning at the mouth of the wardrobe as a loud clatter of boxes occurred.

“I’m okay!!” Jimin cheerily called, though his voice was muffled.

“Why is such an elaborate ball being thrown anyways?” Tae played with a piece of ash bark that had floated to the surface of his personal cauldron.

“It’s in order to force Prince Yoongi to find and take a wife.” Seokjin said curtly, appraising his nails from where he sat on Tae’s unused bed.

Tae frowned slightly, a tightness forming in his chest, “I don’t understand, He’s still young he has plenty of time to find a wife. He can still rule well without one.”

“He won’t rule at all without one.”

Tae’s eyes shot up to look at Seokjin who wore a very darkened expression.

“ Since the King signed a Royal Decree stating that all future generations of the Monarchy must be married before ascension, to ensure preservation of the legacy and lineage of the royal family.” Seokjin nodded at Tae’s outrage that was written all over his own.

“Why would the king do that?”

“Because his brother convinced him that the Prince only prefers men, and that their family line would die with him.” Seokjin’s frustration and anger was heavy in his tone. “So they will force him to take a wife, and consummate an heir, or the throne will fall to his uncle’s adopted son.”

“That’s barbaric.” Jimin had shifted to the doorway, sadness and concern pulling heavily at his lovely features. “Especially because magic exists that allows even those of the same sex to still have children.”

“What can I say, the prince’s uncle is a traditionalist, and the king is his puppet.” Seokjin spoke flatly for uttering such dangerous words. 

Tae frowned and clenched his jaw. In his world such an idea had never existed, his kin mated with whom their soul was called to, and if they were lucky the goddess would bless them with an egg. He had forgotten about the insecurities of man, and how they made so many decisions based on ideas of fragile masculinity. It was no wonder to him now why Yoongi had felt such heavy dread the closer they grew to the castle.

“Does he?” Tae mumbled after a moment.

Seokjin hummed questioningly at him as Jimin morosely set himself back to his task.

There was a long pause, Seokjin’s mind clearly wandering over a painful page from their past. His fingers mindlessly trailing over themselves as he pursed his lips in thought.

“I was here, being introduced to court by my father when I came of age, the day they found a fae boy in his room. A maid had walked in on them, decided she needed to tell the King what she had seen. The guards tore into his room and drug both of them in front of his father and uncle.”

Tae’s fingers gripped the rim of the tub, his claws starting to harden at their tips.

“I only heard what happened third hand,” Seokjin continued, “They ordered him to whip the boy, and he refused. Demanding he take both of their punishments instead. A request his Uncle was all too happy to oblige, and...honestly….I haven’t seen him show any interest in anyone since.”

Tae’s mind flicked back to the moment he had discovered the scars that ran down Yoongi’s spine as he laid against lap in that cave, tracing his fingers curiously across them. 

‘They dared to mark his beautiful skin.’

His mind grew dark, he wasn’t aware of the shadow consuming the room around them, a low rumble starting to occur in the beams of the wood buried deep in the walls. Until Jimin’s hand across his forearm brought his mind back to the room, sweet concern and understanding written all over him from head to toe. He took a long deep breath, the shadow receding as he exhaled.

“Anyways, the next day I strode into his room, claiming my place as his caretaker and spent the next two weeks changing his bandages.” Seokjin turned to look at Tae now, “I’m glad he finally found you, you who will fiercely protect him more than I ever could. I know that now, especially after this morning.”

“There isn’t a damn thing I wouldn’t do for him.” Tae growled, the seething heat of rage pouring like lava through his veins.

“He will need you, now more than ever.”

Jimin approached again, after laying out an outfit across the bed, bearing a towel to wrap around Tae. He rose, allowing Jimin to wrap it around him and grab another to pat him dry.

“What is my role tonight?”

“As a familiar’s role always is,” Seokjin smiled at Tae, “guard him with your life. You’d be surprised what these women will do to snag a prince. I had to tend to him for five days once because a young lady decided to try to slip him a love spell, and it nearly poisoned him.”

“Love spells never work anyways..” Jimin mumbled as he gently patted the water from Tae’s hair.

“Exactly.” Seokjin nodded singularly, “Others have tried to pin him in compromising positions to force him into a marriage via obligation.”

Tae stepped from the copper tub at Jimin’s behest, lifting his arms so that Jimin could layer silk and chiffon undergarments across him. Jimin worked so quickly, clearly experienced with the complexities of an elegant royal garb. Jimin motioned for Tae to sit down and started attending to his hair, pulling the remaining water for the tips he had accidentally soaked. Jimin finished and draped the towel around his shoulders, grabbing a thin box from the dresser next to them and presenting it to Tae.

He looked down and across the golden hair pins and combs that lie within, he lifted one that was carved into a waning moon and Jimin smiled, “Excellent choice.” he breathed, taking it from him after setting the box down, and beginning to card his fingers through his curls. His hair wasn’t too long, but Jimin still managed a top knot, held securely by the beautifully engraved moon he had selected.

“Would you like makeup?” Jimin all too excitedly asked, and Tae nodded, happy to oblige his vision.

“Is there anything else?” Tae mumbled, trying very hard to stay still for Jimin’s soft hands as they brushed across his face.

“Tonight is also your presentation at court, as the Crown Prince’s familiar.” Seokjin said casually, back to appraising his nails. “There will be lots of foreign dignitaries, as well as the lords and ladies of our Prince’s realm present tonight. Even the Fae ones.”

“How very open minded of a Traditionalist.” Tae growled around Jimin’s finger across his lip.

“Well the King can’t afford to snub them publicly, not when he needs soldiers for his war with Renka.” 

Tae’s eyes flicked up to Jimin who’s fingers stilled momentarily as he drug a brush lightly under them. Jimin blinked a few times, shaking his head lightly, and returning to his task. He would have to ask him about that later.

“With so much unrest, war on both borders, a rebellion rising in the west, and fae folk dying en masse with no explanation, tensions will definitely be high.”  Seokjin turned to look back at them as beckoned Tae to rise so he could slide on the final layers of the kimono he had chosen. 

“Well now,” he breathed as he admired Tae, “-that is definitely

“One might even call it regal.” Jimin glanced up through his eyelashes as he secured the gilded sash he had selected tightly around Tae's waist. Tae frowned slightly down at him, and he just giggled as he bowed and motioned for Tae to appraise his work in the full length venetian mirror.

Jimin had selected black silk, which Tae definitely didn’t mind. Black was his color, and he always felt most at home in it. There were lovely accents of heavily gilded sashes, sprinkled with peeks of blood red silk strings and ties that held it all together. His make up was minimally done, but the smokiness added around his eyes added another level of intensity to his dragon eyes, his bangs hanging loose to frame them wickedly. But the part that Tae’s gaze lingered on most was the Tiger embroidered down his left shoulder, and the dragon across his right. 

He smiled at himself, seeing someone he hadn’t seen in a very long time staring back at him. A prince.

“Into the lion's den then..”

Tae followed a half step behind Seokjin, with Jimin three steps behind them both, as they wound their way to the hall that fed into the Ballroom. Finally they turned the last corner when Tae caught sight of him, and what a sight it was. His face was set tight in regal determination, his walls clearly up around him to defend what was left of his heart. His bangs pushed up and swept back from his face flawlessly, a red lip stain applied lightly to his plump lips. He had silver hanging from all three of his ear piercings, and they sparkled in the fire light almost as much as the dragons who adorned the burgundy silk that spilled elegantly from him and across the floor.

But even radiating the energy of a  crown prince and standing there unapologetically and breathtakingly beautiful, nothing struck Tae more than when Yoongi’s eyes fell to him and his composure fell with them. His eyes widening slightly, lips parting in a small intake of breath, pale cheeks with pools of heat forming below the surface. His guard and walls down for the split second he allowed himself to admire the dark dragon he was bound to.

Seokjin’s eyes flicked to him threateningly as the candles flicked dangerously higher around them, he took a slow deep breath to reign in the energy he was projecting. All the while never breaking eye contact with Yoongi, who’s composure hadn’t taken hold of him yet again. Tae smiled from ear to ear as Yoongi didn’t retract from him when he stepped within inches of him, looking down into his softly lined chocolate eyes.

“Beautiful…” Yoongi breathed, so quietly Tae knew only he and the wolf could have heard it.

Tae resisted the urge to touch him, curling his claws into his palm instead, “Again you speak my words.”

Yoongi blushed, clearing his throat and regaining his composure as he faced the doors expectantly. Tae shifted to stand beside him, offering the nook of his arm to the Prince who took it without hesitation. If he could have purred then, he would have.

“Are you ready, Your Highness?” Hoseok, all clad in a rosy gold that complimented the honey hues in his skin and hair, lingered with his hand on the door.

Yoongi took a deep breath, an intensity settling into his eyes that was beyond his years, and nodded. Hoseok spun from them, spilling the doors open as his voice rang out.

“His Highness, The Crown Prince Min Yoongi, and his familiar Taehyung.” Hoseok led the room in a deep and grand bow as Tae guided Yoongi through the doors and past him.

The room which Tae could hear talk and music emanating from before now stood still and silent, every eye in the large ballroom set on the pair of them. The energy swirling in here was heavy, and it made all the protective instincts in Tae flare. He lifted his chin slightly, allowing his amber eyes to glow threateningly into every pair they fell across. 

Yoongi’s hand shifted slightly against him, indicating the direction in which he wished they would travel. Tae spun them elegantly, walking slowly and purposefully through the crowd that split, and towards the two thrones set at the head of the room. They moved effortlessly together, like a familiar dance they had danced so many times before. Their bodies knowing the movements, freeing their minds to absorb their environment clearly. 

As they neared the two gilded monstrosities that held two men whose eyes bore no love for the Prince that approached them, Tae slowed his step by half releasing Yoongi. His hand lingering on the back of his elbow as the prince continued forward, like you would a paper lantern you just set in the current just before the river sweeps it from you.

The two of them moved in perfect synchronicity as they bowed deeply to the thrones before them.

“Your Majesty,” Yoongi projected his voice confidently as he rose, “May I present to you my Familiar, Taehyung.” he swept his arm back behind him as his eyes never left his father’s tight expression.

“May he guard you well.” The old man’s voice was broken, strained from age and illness.

Taehyung stepped past Yoongi, lowering his eyes and performing the royal bow he had learned long ago. He fluidly swept one leg behind him, his arm gracefully flitting his kimono sleeve through the air as it crossed before him to join palm to palm with his other hand. He stepped low, his knee almost grazing the step that rose to meet the stage before him, and there he lingered.

“With my life, Your Majesty.” Tae spoke loudly and reverently, allowing the energy to pour from him with conviction.

“What manner of beast has my nephew brought forth from the north?” The old man beside the king spoke gruffly and without manners as his eyes narrowed at Tae.

“I am a Tiger spirit, my lord.” Tae met his narrowed gaze with a smile, his fangs lengthening ever slightly, “I hail from the mountains near the eastern shores, my lord.”

“I did not know there was a Tiger spirit that guarded those mountains.” His tone was harsh, and his eyes appraised Taehyung suspiciously.

“I’m sure there is a lot you do not know about the ancient mountains of this kingdom, my lord.” Tae should have bowed his head, should have broken eye contact with the man. But he didn’t, he lingered there, watching the red creep up his neck and across his face. The man’s time was running out, and Tae would be the one to cut that cord when it did.

“A Divine Feline once again blesses the royal family,” The king weakly spoke as loud as he could, “-may this bring good tidings and act as an omen for tonight and a swift marriage for the Prince.”

Yoongi bowed low, matching Tae’s movements perfectly, and then they rose in tandem spinning from the pair to mingle with the crowd around them. The young ladies were easy enough for Yoongi to negotiate, politely smiling as they cooed and preened around him like birds. A few minutes in and Yoongi’s eyes sought Hoseok’s in the crowd, and Hoseok retrieved him a flute of mead that Yoongi thanked him for with a subtle squint of his eyes.

This is how it continued for some time, when Yoongi wasn’t trying to guide an untalented young woman through a waltz, he was surrounded by swarms of them all petting him. All vying for his attention at once. All the while Taehyung stood to his side, his eyes ever focused on the drinks he friends kept dutifully supplying him.

After several hours of this, Yoongi’s expression was growing heavy. His princely patience ebbing away, and Tae couldn’t gauge the state of his mind due to the haze of alcohol that swam through the prince. It was Namjoon that stepped up next with his sixth glass tonight, his nostrils flaring in disgust as he peered down his nose at a particularly unappealing young woman who had spritzed herself with fawn urine in hopes of wooing Yoongi. It was an old wives tale among humans that urine from a fawn in heat would attract a man, though all it did was smell sweet like a flower to other humans. Namjoon locked eyes with Tae, who returned the same look of disgust momentarily as the noxious scent of urine hung heavily around them.

“Thank you Namjoon-shi.” Yoongi turned and downed it quickly, likely hoping it would help him persist through this pointless charade. He had shown no interest in any of these women, yet nevertheless he persisted, and when he finally stumbled as he stepped away from the current group to engulf him, Tae instinctively held him by his waist against his side.

“I think... that will be all for tonight ladies, the prince has grown weak under the weight of all your beauty and must now recover his senses.” He smiled with as much charm as he could, happy when they swooned politely away from them.

Yoongi’s head hung against the shoulder furthest from him, his fingers pinching his brow.

“Are you okay, my prince?”

“Yoon, are you alright?” Hoseok lifted the prince’s chin so he could look him in the eye.

“I’m fine Hoseok-ah, just tired.”

Taehyung felt a tap against his right elbow and turned slightly to find Jimin bearing a chalice full of water, his blue eyes lingering on Yoongi and full of concern. He nodded his thanks and lifted it from his hands to turn and press it lightly to Yoongi’s lips.

“Drink.” Tae barked firmly but softly.

Yoongi’s eyes shot directly to his, his hand instinctively reaching up to hover over Tae’s wrist as he patiently held the cup waiting for him to comply.

“Please..” he exhaled, letting his eyelashes curtain his eyes as he peered down into Yoongi’s quickly melting composure.

Yoongi parted his lips, allowing the water to flow through, his eyes shifting back and forth between Tae’s as the pink gathered in his cheeks. Tae took a deep breath in, very deep, trying to inhale in and swallow down the heat that was starting to rise between them. His chest tightening at the slight shake of Yoongi’s fingertips across the bare skin of his wrist, his chocolate eyes swirling with so many emotions Tae couldn’t identify through the haze of mead. 

Tae felt Jimin’s fist ball in the silk that wrapped his back, and turned to look away from Yoongi only to spot the danger before Jimin could speak. In the absence of suitors, the politicians approached.

“Well, Well..” the woman spoke, her features sharp and broad, almost as broad as the man who trailed after her. Both of them stilled feet away from them, and Taehyung smelled what they were before, even recognizing the traditional leather and fur garb of the Ursidae clan. He passed the cup back to Jimin silently, still tightly squeezing Yoongi to his side. “It’s about time the Prince chose a familiar.”

Her eyes appraised him, clearly deciding he was not of worth to protect the future king. The man behind her garnished his attention as he rolled his shoulders back challenging Tae. Tae stood rooted, unwavering in the face of it. 

‘Fucking bears.’

Not that he minded their kind, in fact in his youth they were his favorite to spar with, as they never held back.

. They were a proud warrior race, but there is always a fine line between proud and arrogant, and more often than not they fell on the unpleasant side of that line. 

“It’s a pity you could not have bonded with a warrior from our tribe,” she spoke sweetly, though the form of her sneer and the arch of her brow did well to communicate her condensation, “-there’s no better warrior than a bear.”

Tae audibly scoffed, and he felt Yoongi shift to peer up at him as he glared daggers into the man whose body was challenging him again.

“I can think of a few..” Tae’s lips spread thin around a tight grin that revealed his fangs.

“The soul knows what it wants, your majesty.” Yoongi finally softly spoke.

“Oh?” she shifted her body to face him more as she spoke, “-can you who’s soul stood silent for so long speak of it’s desires so assuredly?”

Tae was frozen, his eyes fixed on the necklace she had adorned herself with that had revealed itself when she shifted. His jaw clenching so hard he thought his teeth were going to shatter, his eyes trailing over every dragon tooth she wore proudly across her chest.

“It’s one thing to call the General on his knowledge of the mountains, it’s another to challenge the Queen of the Bears on that front, and I have lived a long time and never heard of a Tiger in those mountains.” She narrowed her eyes suspiciously at Yoongi. “Do tell, where did you find him?”

“Asleep in a cave, near the eastern shore.” Yoongi said matter of factly, his irritation starting to find footing in his tone. “Where he had been sleeping a long time.”

She hummed thoughtfully, her eyes finally meeting Tae’s, her eyebrow knitting in irritation, “What are you staring at with eyes like

mouse hunter?” she spit at him.

…” He smiled as his words tumbled out in a snarl, a rumble starting low and quiet in the floor beneath them. He felt Jimin’s hand trying to soothe him as it ran circles around his back. just barely though. He felt the rage in him more, as it crawled murderously under his skin. Yoongi’s body hardened against him.

“Oh this ole’ thing,” her fingers glanced across the smooth bone, “-thank you, I collected them myself.” She returned  to peering wickedly up at him, and Tae could feel his control slipping. The candles in the room dimmed slightly, and Yoongi’s hand was around his wrist tightly.

“If you’ll excuse us, your majesty.”

"Stolen Child" by CLANN

He quickly spun and drug Tae from the room, and Tae let him, his anger boiling over and becoming more and more laced with soul aching sadness with every step. They walked with haste through several corridors before spilling out onto a darkened terrace. Yoongi released him to close and secure the doors behind them, and Tae trailed forward spinning to lean his back against the marble railing. He looked up at the moonless and starless sky above them, tears burning his skin as he wished to disappear forever in it’s blackness.

Until Yoongi was against him, pressed firmly against his chest, his hands splayed on either side of his face, his fingers working desperate circles into his tightened muscles. Then he remembered, he remembered why he stirred from the cave in which he laid down to die. 

He shifted forward, no longer caring to restrain himself as his soul sought comfort in Yoongi’s touch, wrapping his arms around Yoongi’s waist and pressing them ever tighter against one another. He let his nose trail across Yoongi’s brow and across his cheek, stilling there as a sob hammered it’s way through him.

“Tae-ah..” Yoongi whined, his hand trailing up Tae’s neck to wipe the tears that streamed down his cheek. “I’m so sorry..

“They are all gone..aren’t they..” Taehyung choked out, letting a lifetime of sadness finally pour out of him in Yoongi’s embrace.  Yoongi’s other hand wrapped around the nape of his neck, pulling Tae closer to him, and Tae weakly obliged. He had no will to deny this man right now, not when his touch soothed monsters Tae thought he’d die with.

He closed his eyes, the tears coming more slowly as Yoongi’s parted lips pressed softly against his collarbone.

“Shhh...shh my dragon...I’m here...I’ll always be here...you are not alone..” he breathed as the bridge of his nose traveled up the length of Tae’s exposed neck.

Tae dug his fingertips into Yoongi’s body through his kimono, growling possessively into the night. For a man who knew nothing of the courting rituals of dragons, he was playing a dangerous game running his open mouth across Tae’s neck. He thought to stop him, but he couldn’t find the will to as he melted into Yoongi’s desperate need to comfort him that radiated from him in waves, pouring over Tae like a drug. He knew Yoongi was drunk, acting on instinct without the self control of a future king, and Tae had never felt more alive.

he exhaled once more against the front of Tae’s neck. Tae pulled his head back in a moment of clarity, allowing the cool wind of the night to wrap around them more easily. He gazed breathless up at the clouds that hung heavy in the black abyss above them, his mouth parted and fangs extended. He admired the steam that danced, caught gold in dim candle light emanating from the windows around them, as it rose in the sky. 

This is not the bond of a familiar,

this is something more.

The realization washed over him clear and cool, like the night air around him, and it awoke a calm in him he’d ever felt before. He wanted to never let this beautiful, sweet and compassionate man go. He wanted to reward Yoongi for a lifetime of bravery, by sweeping him off this terrace and taking him to a world where he could be free.

He felt Yoongi’s lips and fingertips searching for reassurance from him and he tilted downward till his lips grazed the apple of his cheek. He lavished in the sensation like velvet against them as he spoke.

..I’ve always been yours..”

Tae peered through heavy eyes down at him, as his chest rose and fell more rapidly against him and red recklessly shaded his cheeks and neck. Yoongi’s fist balled in the hair he had tugged loose at the base of his neck as Tae lifted him from the ground to rest full against him. He snaked his arms across the length of him, splaying his fingers across Yoongi’s spine. He turned at the waist, peering in the darkness behind them, the cliff below them, the mountains that lingered on the horizon.

“Tae-ah..” he breathed shakily across his collarbone. “You smell

good..” and the dragon purred deep within him.

“Do you trust me?” Tae cooed, burying his face in Yoongi’s neck, thoroughly enjoying how willingly Yoongi rolled his head to the side and exposed it to him.

“With my life Tae-ah..” 

Tae smiled from ear to ear, taking one last look at the prison in front of them before leaning backwards to tumble them both head first into the night that hung black around them.

“All of my life, I have been so cold.

Everything was red, and as the sun began to light the sky before cresting the horizon, the more red everything became. It's like all other colors had left this world, and all that remained was the blood that stained the snow-covered mountain before his empty eyes.

Tae's gaze trailed across the death piled high around him for miles down the mountain side till the broken cries of the crows that circled above pulled his attention skyward. 

‘A red sunrise.’ 

As above, so below. It was a nightmare he knew too well, though none had ever left him quite this numb. The coolness pooling in his thigh brought him momentarily back to his body, his palm shifting to hold pressure where he could clearly see bone.

It was quiet, for the dead have no more tales to tell. Only the few left, trailing silently to take note of the fallen, would bear the truths of the night that bled into the daylight. 

Tae winced as he pushed from the blood-soaked earth, pulling his sword beneath him to lean on as he stumbled forward over the corpses. Corpses of men. Corpses of beasts. Corpses of those who had lived longer than the mountain that he stood on, and those who hadn’t lived long enough to yet know love’s warm embrace.

 All dead for a cause not their own. 

Despite his wounds he pushed forward, his heart beginning to grow frantic as he realized the silence hung heavier than it should around him. There should be something there, a vibration he had known since he was a boy.

Then his eyes fell upon them, the great stilled bodies of those who had raised him. There they laid, cold and breathless, coming to their final moments merely feet from one another. Both of his parents, now gone from this world. His feet sank into the muck, the mountain earth turning boggy from the life that had poured from their gaping wounds.

All he could manage was a whisper, as he stumbled through the muck to collapse at the muzzle of his father, running his hands across his ruby red scales.

"I-It wasn't your time…

… I'm not ready." Tears blinded him, turning his whole world a sort of blurry red, like he was drowning in the blood that painted the mountain. In truth he was drowning, the sorrow that filled him shattered his existence in ways he never knew sadness could.

sorry Tae-ah…" Rhe'Anna's crystal voice carried over the dead, despite how softly she spoke. Silent, unspoken, and all-consuming pain resonated from both of them as they kneeled in front of their fallen king and queen. 

Tae heard the gruff identifiable chuffs of the captain of the guard, of course that gritty old dragon survived.

"Tonis, find my sister."

"Last I saw her was down towards the valley Tonis." Rhe’Anna added, laying her palms across the emerald cheekbones of his mother.

“It won't be long now...the wind will soon take them..” she whispered, tears streaming down her face.

Tae wrapped his body around the face of his father, the silent cries of his soul shattering rattling his being as his fingers dug in, clinging tightly to what remained.

“I’m not ready..” he sobbed.

“Your Highness, your mother too, you have to say goodbye to both of them..” Rhe’Anna now ran her hand across his back, trying to sooth sense into him.

He nodded, pressing a kiss against his fathers great sculpted cheek before sliding from him. He crawled on his knees to his mother’s cheek and he ran his hand softly across it. 

‘So beautiful, even in death.’

“Goodbye..mother..” he pressed a kiss softly to the scales below her shining silver eyes. More sobs building in his chest, his breathing hard to reign in.

“It’s beginning,

, you have to say the words..”

He felt his throat closing, he couldn’t find his voice, even through his tears he could see the beautiful shades of emerald fading to ash in front of him. The sun began to chase the red from the sky, it’s golden beams now pouring heavily over the mountain face. Almost as if the Goddess herself was calling them. He closed his eyes momentarily as he felt the eastern wind rise to kiss his tear soaked cheeks and carry his parents home.

“As you were born, now shall you pass again through the grey veil. Forever to fly on the winds of our Goddess, as ash in the breeze of eternal life…” he spoke the words he’d hadn’t hoped to speak for another three thousand years, “-go now and know nothing but peace and each other.”

As he spoke, the wind rose ever higher, bending the pines on the edges of the battle field and racing past them into the rising sun. The bodies of the dragons that lay still around them, all fading to ash and flying one last time in it’s cool embrace. His hand lingered curled around the last piece of his mother as the rest of her journeyed home. He lightly kissed his closed fist.

he whispered, releasing her ashes into the golden light that danced across him. He watched them as long as he could, till they faded into the golden beams that blinded him. Never again would he know their embrace, or comforting words, not in this life. He had said too many goodbyes, and now he had no more left to give.

“M’lord, I found your sister..” The old dragon’s voice was gravelly and raspy.

There was a long moment of silence, “She’s gone home to the Goddess, M’lord. Home with your parents.” Even his aging voice conveyed the weight of sadness that hung heavily between the three of them.

Tae closed his eyes, exhaling slowly, his face wet and his body numb. He had grown cold, not just from the mountain air or the heavy blood loss, but the fire within him extinguished. He no longer had any will,

“Then I am the last.” He said, opening his eyes and staring with somber eyes into the land bathed gold before him.

“Who else still breathes Tonis?”

“It is... just us three M’lord.”

 Over thirty dragons lost in one night. The last armored battalion of warriors, and the King and Queen who had righteously ruled, all gone this night.

 All except them. 

His eyes fell to the castle that lay in the valley below them, it’s blackened spires piercing the sky above the cliff it sat perched on. The very same castle humanity’s coward of a king had retreated too mid-battle, leaving his familiar and Tae’s queen mother to lead the charge. It was at that moment he began to feel again. A thing that bubbled wretchedly inside him, a thing that seeped out of him and swirled like shadows and embers around his kneeling form.

He had the mind to fly down there and burn the gilded monstrosity to the ground, send it’s ashes into the river valley below it. That fool of a king started this war, and in it’s most vital moments left his dragon to finish it. A shallow man. A greedy man. A man who coveted the resources that were not bestowed upon his realm by the Goddess. 

“It’s over,” Rhe’Anna breathed, kneeling next to him.

“At what cost?” Tae growled. “They died for

“They didn’t die for nothing Tae, they died for the greater good and protection of this realm.”

. The greatest good we could do would be to burn that castle to its foundations, with him trapped inside it.” The embers swirled higher around him as he spoke.

“That isn’t you speaking, that’s your grief.” Her tone was firm, her jaw set tight in anger. “You are

now Tae-ah, you must learn to look past the haze of heavy emotions to the future of your kin. It is your burden,

“What kin, Anna?!” Tae spun on her, his eyes widened with anger. “Take a look around, we are all that's left. I am the King of Shadow and Ash.”

“There is still hope..we could..there could be new life Tae..”

“Would you have me take you as my mate out of necessity, instead of love Anna?” His tone was exasperated, and as he looked at the pain that washed across her silver eyes he felt regret at hurting her with the truth. 

It was likely that both of their mates had died in this war, died before either of them could feel the pull that would bind them together in this life and the next. But even if they were all that was left, he would not mate for anything less.

“What will you do now..” She asked after a long moment, her voice soft and sad, almost as if she knew this was goodbye.

He turned to look back into the ever brightening sky, his being once again turning cold.

“I’ll fly east, until I find the right place to die. The Age of the Dragon is over, Anna. No more will humanity use us for their gain, no more will they claim us as familiars and toss us to the wind like we are disposable.” He growled, fueled only by the hate that stirred as he spoke. He lifted the hand that had unconsciously pressed to the wound on his leg, not caring to contain the life that flowed through him any longer.

“That’s not why we bond to them Tae, we are not disposable. That’s not why we dragons chose to become the guardians of balance hand-in-hand with the first king of men.” She still spoke softly, despite the anger that spewed from him.

“There are none left like

deserving of such honor anymore.” He growled.

“You speak as if you knew him..” she laughed lightly and emptily.

He clenched his jaw. He had heard so many stories, in some ways he did.

“What will you do?” He spoke more softly now.

“I will do what you should do,” her voice turned bitter, “-and work to create a world of balance, and one that maybe one day... dragons will return to.”

“I’m sorry to have disappointed you on this day Anna, but too much of me has passed to ash like my parents. I am not capable of being the king you expect me to be. The king you deserve. I do not have the will to fight for a future I do not wish to see.” He rose from the ground, the shadows of his transformation already swirling around him.

the king we deserve.”

It was the last thing he heard from her lips as his wings swept heavily downward, propelling him hundreds of feet upwards and into the blue sky above the mountain. 

Yoongi didn’t know what drove him to wrap himself around Tae, all he could feel was pain. Wave after wave of endless, world-shattering pain. It radiated off of his familiar like heat from a roaring fire, soaking Yoongi to the bone, and he couldn’t stand it. He couldn’t bear that Tae felt this way. He had to soothe him, he needed to soothe him.

His body acted on it’s own accord, pressing him to Tae’s chest, intertwining his fingers in his thick curls. The more his body reacted instinctively to Tae’s sadness, the more aware he became, the more he acted on his own accord. The moment Tae’s arms wrapped around him, and his nose traveled softly across his cheekbone he sobered up and became intoxicated by something other than honey mead.

It was burning him, Tae’s touch. It was burning him and he craved more of it, wanting to curl up inside of the heat and linger there forever. He felt the sadness ebb from him like a great tide from the shore, and what washed in was heat and something...

His cheeks flushed as soon as he unconsciously spoke the words. Of course Tae was his familiar, but that did not make the dragon his. He felt embarrassed to have spoken so possessively, but it didn’t stop him from trailing his lips across the length of his neck. He was drawn to, an ache forming in his jaw, an urge to sink his teeth in and calm Tae. He didn’t know why, he didn’t understand what was happening, and surprisingly he didn’t care to understand. Tae was hurting, his dragon was hurting, and he would make that all go away if it was the last thing he did.

Tae’s head tilted momentarily away from him, and Yoongi almost lost his senses. He leaned forward, his fingers digging into the nape of Tae’s neck, lips parting against the front. Until Tae’s lips dusted across his cheek, and he felt his breath in his throat. 

“Yours..I’ve always been yours..”

Tae lifted him against his chest, so very easily. He balled his fists in his hair, resisting the urge to wrap himself entirely around this man. His breathing was slipping from his control, his senses  only feeling the heat that boiled the air around the two of him.

“Do you trust me..?”

Tae’s face brushed downward across his cheek and he rolled his head to the side, it was simply a reflex. Yoongi’s being melted when Tae’s mouth brushed across the veins that pulsed hard against flesh at his familiar's touch.

 ‘Are you really mine?’

“With my life, Tae-ah..” It was one of the few things in life he was sure about right now, and that was that Tae would protect him to the very end.

"Last of Her Kind" by Peter Gundry

He gasped as he felt the cool caress of wind against his face, the night air so much cooler than his skin that burned with a fire just below the surface. They were falling, free falling head first into the blackness that hung like doom all around them. He smiled, unafraid, even as Tae’s form shifted from man to shadow,  and from the shadow came the hardened scales of his true form. Yoongi opened his eyes, adjusting himself as he sat perched between the spines that formed where the dragon’s skull met his spine. 

His eyes adjusted quickly and he saw the dim glint of the river below them approaching fast, his hands instinctively finding smaller spines to wrap themselves around. The dragon spread it’s great wings at the last moment, a sound like wool sails caught taunt in an ocean gale echoed through the valley as they quickly shifted parallel with the river below.

Yoongi never felt more alive than in this moment, the ancient carved canyon landscape hurdling by faster than his eyes could process and yet he did. His mind was perfectly aware of where they were, how close they skimmed the ground, how many leagues they had already flown from the castle they left behind. The night air stung his face, but he leaned into it still, excitement and joy spilling out in a smile that painted all of his features. It all came naturally. It was familiar, like the echo of a dream he couldn’t remember. 

His eyes flicked to the river below, strangely wishing to touch the sparkling peaks that formed in the wind they created together. He felt Tae shift below him, a great wing curled tight to his body, and Yoongi shifted his heels to hook around spines that formed behind his jaw. Effortlessly the dragon spun, till it’s belly faced the darkened heavens above them. Yoongi released the spines he had gripped, letting his weight be caught by his heels as he reached above his head, his fingertips skimming the cool water below them. The sleeve of his kimono flapping elegantly behind them like a red dragon banner.

He returned his hands to the spines he previously clung to, the dragon swirled again in the wind like a dancer who mastered the waltz long ago. Yoongi's eyes trailed upwards and before he could even form coherent words in his mind, he was pressed into Tae’s neck by the momentum that shifted as his wings beat singularly with great force. Yoongi glanced down, in one wing beat they had already crested the canyon. He smiled, leaning tight against the dragon and peering excitedly ahead of them as he propelled them quickly upward. 

Yoongi couldn’t recall what he had always thought clouds would feel like, but he remembered spending hours gazing at them as a child longing to touch them. Clouds were cold, and wet as it turns out. They melted across his skin like snow as they pierced through them. He glanced around them as they evened out. It was quiet here, but the peaceful kind of quiet. There was only the sound of wind caught in the skin of the dragon’s wings, and it was oddly comforting. There was more light here, and Yoongi sat up to be able to more freely look around him. The tops of the clouds glowing softly in starlight like freshly bleached wool looking much warmer than they had felt against his skin. 

He splayed his fingers, running them across the scales in front of him, curiously exploring the spines that grew at the base of his skull.  His attention turned back to Tae as the dragon hummed long and low underneath him. It was a noise that sounded like he was enjoying the attention of Yoongi’s fingers, and it made him so very happy to hear.

“There’s someone I want you to meet.”

Tae’s airy voice filled him, and he leaned forward bracing himself when the dragon’s head tilted downwards. As Yoongi’s heels tucked tightly against the dragon’s jaw, the black wings beside them tucked snugly to Tae’s chest, and down they went. Yoongi pressed himself firmly to the dragon, lavishing in the sensation of their plummet, an ear to ear smile still painting his face.

He saw the mountain below them approaching fast, dangerously fast, but again he felt no fear. He giggled loudly when Tae waited until the last minute to spread his wings and change direction. The force of it flattened Yoongi’s body against the big black beast he straddled. Tae utilized their momentum to send them rocketing back up to the summit, the ancient pines below them bowing to the lord of shadow and ash as he passed.

Till finally he slowed, at the peak of the slope where curiously nothing had grown. Softly he touched down, arching his great neck towards the ground and tiling his face so Yoongi could easily step from him. Yoongi walked forward, peering curiously up at the two monuments that stood guard over the valley and the horizon from which the sun rose. Yoongi felt the wind pull past him, and he knew that Tae had transformed back to his human form, but still his gaze lingered on the two before him.

Yoongi stilled at the base of the statues, two beautiful people, standing hand in hand looking wise and compassionate. Tae walked quietly past him, running hands thoughtfully across the bases of both of them. His brow knitted, and Yoongi could feel the same tide of sadness that ebbed before returning quickly now.

“Mother...Father, this is Prince Min Yoongi.” Tae turned from the statue to gesture grandly at Yoongi who looked in shock back at him and then back up to the faces of the monuments before them.

Yoongi closed his eyes, his palm tilting out wide away from him as he gracefully swung the opposite leg behind him, his kimono fluttering in the mountain wind. He reenacted Tae’s bow from earlier perfectly, his knee hovering low over the ground, his head bowed deeply with respect. He rose again, looking softly over at Tae whose expressions and emotions were unreadable.

Yoongi stepped next to him, the back of his shoulder stilling against Tae’s chest as he ran his hands over Tae’s and across the statues. Tae’s eyes were starting to fill with sadness, the tears threatening to overflow as Yoongi saw him watch his hands trail across the stone. Yoongi peered upwards, and Tae shifted so that his arm was against Yoongi's back, his hand on his father’s statue near where Yoongi’s had come to rest.

“I’m very honored to meet you both, and to know the man your son is.” His voice was soft as he spoke up to them, “You would be proud of him, for he did the greatest good a being can do in this life, and saved the life of a stranger. For he knew nothing of me, and yet he pulled me from the grey veil that called me home, and for that I’ll never be able to repay him.” Yoongi’s voice was laced with reverence as he spoke, and emotion that crackled through it. Whose emotion, who could say. It was moments like this where they became blended, almost like one instead of two.

Tae’s forehead came to rest against his shoulder. Yoongi had tried to recall what he had learned of the magic of familiars, but every bond was different, he wondered if they were all this..intimate.

“I miss them…” Tae hands balled to fists, and Yoongi wrapped his own around them, rubbing little circles with his thumbs. Tae’s voice was barely above a whisper, and he could feel his shoulder growing moist.

“How did they die?”

Tae pulled away from him, sitting down on the earth below them, his teary gaze trailing off to the eastern horizon. Yoongi bowed his head once more, then settled himself beside him.

“There was a battle here, it was bloody and long. It had started just as sundown painted the sky, and carried on till just before sunrise.” he paused, his jaw clenching as he spoke, Yoongi reached up to run his hand down his arm. “The sorcerers of Renka are blessed by the ancient arts bestowed upon them by the goddess, and have done well to tend that knowledge and feed the flames of discovery. Age after age our kings have set themselves against Renka, and age after age they have repelled us, barely. Finally, they grew tired of the dragons that ravaged their armies and crafted new magic.

Tae’s hand spread across the barren slope before them, “There used to be forest here, until that black night fell, and the trees themselves came alive and hurled themselves mercilessly against us. There was no moon that night, and the fog that had been pulled heavily across the mountain blinded even our dragon eyes. All we had were our keen noses and ears, but those proved to be of very little use, as they burned the bodies of the dead and...

...I’ll never forget the noise…”

Yoongi squeezed Tae’s hand as his head fell to his chest.

“You were here?”

Tae turned, his glowing amber eyes were dark and bronze. Yoongi wondered if that’s what happened to them when he was sad. They travelled over the monument’s above them, from their faces to the base. He turned at the waist, his large hand reaching out to travel over a language carved there that Yoongi couldn’t read.

“Thank you Tonis..” he whispered, bowing his head.

“Did you see it..when they..” Yoongi paused, he didn’t know how to continue.

“No,” Tae’s voice was gravely from his grief, “but I found them in the grey of the morning, laying close to one another, pine limbs still hanging from their wounds.” He turned again, his finger pointing to the valley, “My little sister fell there, near the river…”

“I’m so..so..sorry Tae-ah…”

“I lost everything that night...So when the morning rose, and there was not even the ashes of my family left I flew into the sun till I found a remote cave to curl up in and die.” His eyes shifted to Yoongi’s, a spark forming in them that burned warmer that then cooled irises around them.

“Unfortunately my wounds did not claim me, but still I did not stir. Not once in all that endless time that passed, hoping instead I would starve and

my pain would end.”

Yoongi looked down from the intensity catching fire in his familiar's eyes, a lump forming his throat as Tae spoke. He hated the thought of it, the thought that Tae had to face so much all alone. 

“You speak like I did some noble deed pulling you from the river that day, but in truth it was you that gave me something I had not had in a very long time..” Tae’s voice was becoming husky, and the air between them was heating again.

“What was that..” Yoongi whispered, still unable to meet his gaze.

.” Tae spoke the words like a prayer, “-and it was a selfish act to keep you in this world. Simply because I could not bear to let you die.”

Yoongi swallowed roughly, “Why..why couldn’t you let me die?”

“I...I do not know.”

There was a moment of silence, a long one. Both of them staring thoughtfully at the barren stone and earth before them, lost in thought, sadness and heat mixing in the space between them.

“It will be the grey of dawn soon, we should return..” Tae spoke softly, though his jaw was clenched.

Yoongi nodded, dread blooming within him, but he knew he must return. If not for himself, or for his kingdom, then for Tae. The one being who needed him to be king the most in this world.

"Isolation" by Lucas King

Yoongi leaned against the great mahogany desk of his royal office, looking out over the courtyard that rose grandly from the stone below him. He twisted the ring his father had given him the day he made him crown prince, it was a simple ring, one that had been passed down from the first king to his descendants.  It was a dark metal, darker than any other Yoongi had seen, and had a singular amber set in it, one that always caught the light and glowed like flame. He always played with it when he was lost in thought, and lost in thought was all he really was these days.

He heard the clatter of iron and a familiar huffed laugh. He looked back downwards, his eyes falling upon the shirtless forms of His and Seokjin’s familiars wielding swords single handedly Yoongi couldn’t even lift.

“Not bad... for an old man.” Namjoon sneered, his great chest heaving as he tried to catch his breath. 

“I was going to say the same about you, what were you, huh? The

of the litter, pup?” Tae jeered, a shit eating grin spreading from ear to ear as Joon growled and lunged forward again. The sounds of their swords clashing together cracking like lighting through the castle around them. Yoongi watched as they matched each other move for move, neither one of them gaining or losing ground. Until Tae saw a hole in the wolf’s form and used it, sending him tumbling across the paved stone at their feet, landing with Tae’s blade at his throat.

“That wasn’t fair play..” Namjoon yielded with a frown.

is fair play?” Tae offered a hand and helped him effortlessly from the ground, laughing when Namjoon twisted him over his back and threw him across the courtyard.

“Point received, old man,” he growled, tossing a water satchel at the dragon still laying on his back and laughing. 

“Where did you go?”

Yoongi hummed as Seokjin’s voice broke his thoughts, he turned at his waist to glance over at him. He stood patiently in the office behind him, as Jimin kneeled in front of him, sweetly hemming  the pants he was wearing. 

“Last night, where did you go? Joonie and Kook searched the whole grounds for you.”

“We flew.” Yong chuckled as Jin’s eyes raised at his whispered statement.

“You did what!? Yoon, I thought I was the reckless one!?” He whispered his admonishments but it didn’t stop his ears from turning red as he spoke, leaning forward in his agitation until Jimin politely cleared his throat.

“I’m sorry Jimin-shi, here you are being so very sweet and helpful and here I am making it harder for you. Please forgive me.”

Jimin smiled and nodded softly, returning to his task at hand.

“Well,” Jin raised his eyebrows expectantly, “-where did you go?”

“He took me to meet his parents, or at least their monuments.” It didn’t escape him that Jimin stilled, his eyes widening slightly before continuing.

“Monuments? They must have done something great for them to have built monuments for them.” Jin mused, his fingers tracing the curve of his lips clearly trying to remember the history his uncle endlessly prattled on about.

“Yes and no,” Jimin spoke softly, “They were indeed great in character and in deeds, but it is tradition that called for monuments to be built in their honor.”

“Do dr-..do they build monuments for all their fallen? Like we create graveyards?” Jin peered questioningly down at Jimin who had stilled again, color draining from his slowly.

“If that was the case..” Yoongi said slowly, eyeing Jimin suspiciously, “His sister would have had one too...Jimin-shi..what do you know..”

“He told me not to tell you..” The sweet fae whispered, the agony of  being torn in his desires to both tell  and stay loyal to Tae written over his face.

“Then I will not force you,” Yoongi sat on the edge of his desk, smiling sweetly at Jimin to reassure him, “-he will tell me when he’s ready.”

“He won’t force you, but

will.” Jin placed his hands on his hips as he stared down at Jimin.

“Seokjin.” Yoongi’s tone was firm and when mixed with the look in his eyes Jin recognized this was not a point to be pushed.

“I was there, that morning, standing on that mountain as the ashes of the fallen dragons were carried home on the east wind.” Jimin’s hands and eyes fell to his lap as he spoke softly.

“Were you a survivor of the battle?” Yoongi asked, his voice turning soft as he spoke.

“No,” Jimin frowned, “My kin are not as proficient in the art of war as we are the art of healing.” He smiled up at the Prince, “If you ever are unwell Your highness, please seek me out and I will assist you.” Yoongi nodded as Jimin’s eyes looked past him out the window.

“My kingdom is in that mountain range, you see,” Jimin’s voice grew airy with the echoes of his memories, “It came in the night, this..unearthly noise.. an unholy groan accompanied by the rumble of the Earth itself and the crackling of bark. I peered from the window of my room, and saw the mountain glowing hellish under the blanket of unnatural fog.”

Yoongi moved to squat in front of Jimin, and Seokjin followed suit. He placed a hand on his shoulder as he spoke, and Jimin shifted his gaze to his.

“Next came these high pitch whistles, like an arrow cut hard against the breeze that pushed against it, ...but twisted. Twisted in a way what rose the hairs on the back of your neck….then came the screams..even two mountains away we could hear the screams of the dragons that pierced that black night.” Jimin’s voice was breaking as he spoke, horror painting his features.

He cleared his throat and swallowed roughly, looking back at his hands as he spoke, “My father gathered us, the most skilled healers of our clan, and we made haste. We knew the dr-..

needed us, we could hear it, every step of the way. But..by the time we arrived...it had long since fallen quiet..”

“It’s not your fault Jiminie..” Yoongi ran his hand through his hair, trying to soothe him.

“They have always guarded the magic lives of this realm..and when they needed our help..

we came too late..”

Silver tears trickled down his cheeks and dusted the backs of his folded hands like sparkling dew.

They all three jumped as Hoseok entered the room, loudly as usual, though he stilled as he caught sight of Jimin shyly wiping tears from his face.

“What did I miss?” He said softly, as the dark-headed man who stood behind him sweetly rested his chin to his shoulder. Kook’s golden eyes softened tremendously as he took in Jimin’s sadness that had poured from him and saturated the room.

Kookie brushed past him and squatted next to Jimin, smiling softly at him, “Jiminie? You wanna come help me find the right herbs for Hobi-ah’s tea? He’s not been sleeping well and I’d like to aid him with that. You’ve gathered quite quickly that I’m shite with herbs, I’d appreciate your assistance.” Jimin giggled softly, and nodded, placing his hand in the fox’s and allowing himself to be gently drawn from the floor.

“Thank you.” Hoseok spoke quickly, his cheeks flushing slightly, “For..uh..helping..Jimin-shi..thanks..” he awkwardly ran his hand across the back of his neck grimacing as he stared at the floor. Kook laughed as he strode past him hand in hand with Jimin.

Hoseok closed the door behind them and stilled in shock once he faced his friends again as they both stared at him skeptically.

“Was that..” Seokjin grimaced now, “-flirting? Cause

, that was awful Hoseok-ah.”

Hoseok closed his eyes and sighed and deflated onto the lounge, “Shut up, Jin-ah.”

flirting, you’ve spent too much time in the woods Hobi-ah.” Jin roared with laughter, losing his balance and landing on his rump.

Hoseok simply tsked and waved his hand in their direction.

Yoongi rose and leaned against his desk again, “How..do you guys

...around your familiars?” He was mindlessly playing with his ring again as he spoke.

“I suppose it’s like coming home, after a long time away,” Hoseok leaned his head against the leather back that rose behind him, “comfortable and safe. Like spending forever with your best friend.”

Yoongi hummed, his eyes trailing over Tae’s form as it became wet under the rain that fell outside.

“Do you ever get the urge to be closer to them?” Out of his peripheral vision he saw Seokjin’s face shift to peer up at him.

Hoseok furrowed his brow, “Well yea. I like to be near him, our bond tells me to do so, he’s there to keep me safe and sound and I take comfort in his presence.”

“That’s not what you meant by closer is it?” Seokjin had risen to stand next to him now, searching Yoongi’s eyes for the truth he was not sharing with them.

Yoongi shook his head.

“What do you feel then?” he prodded gently.

“There’s this heat that builds between us when we get close to one another, and not just in my skin. It’s in the air between us. In the cave, when we bonded, the air  heated so much that the water on the rocks at our feet turned to steam.” Jin’s expression was thoughtful as his eyes took in Yoongi.

“Maybe it’s because he’s..

..” Hoseok mused from behind them.

“Maybe..but I feel it so deeply..it’s like it’s

my bones..” Yoongi spoke softly.

“Is it..” Jin knitted his brows, “-painful?”

“No,” he said quickly, shaking his head, “-quite the opposite. I wanna curl up and live forever in it. I start to get anxious when a long period of time goes without the feeling of it across me. I just want to be close to him,

to him.” He paused, eyeing Jin’s unreadable expression, “I know every familiar bond is different, I was just trying to understand it..it’s all new..still.”

There was a long pause, then Hoseok broke the silence, “I want to be near Kookie, but I can barely make it through a night of cuddles before kicking him out. He’s too hot and breathes too damn loud.” he chuckled.

“Do you still have that book I gave you years ago?” Jin asked him quietly, “The one my uncle gave me to give to you, the one that transcribed the journalings of the first king?”

Yoongi nodded, “Somewhere..why?”

He shook his head, he hadn’t had the time.

“You should, I think you’ll find you have more in common than you realize Yoon.”

Yoongi hummed thoughtfully. What could he have in common with a man who lived over five thousand years ago?

The sun had fallen hours ago by the time Tae strode into Yoongi’s room like it was his own. Barefoot and shirtless, running a towel through his hair roughly, he stumbled over a pile of books carelessly tossed to the floor. He hummed curiously, and placed his feet more carefully in the clear spots on the floor around him, making his way to the big mirror Yoongi had in the corner.

He turned and appraised his body in the mirror, smiling and wearing the new cuts and bruises Joon had given him like badges of honor.

“Remind me to teach you how to knock.” Yoongi mumbled not looking up from his book. Tae sniffled and reached over to wrap his knuckles across the overly large dresser, his face spreading into a shit eating grin as Yoongi looked up at him unimpressed.

Tae laughed to himself, navigating the piles of books to throw himself haphazardly across the foot of Yoongi’s bed.

“Damn it’s been a long time since I’ve had a good row. That beast knows how to fight.” Tae closed his eyes, breathing heavy from excitement, relishing in the sensation of his sore body.

“That beast..’ Yoongi emphasized the word, “-has more manners than you.”

“It’s all an act to impress his fancy lord, he’s a true beast deep down and I’ll wrangle it out of him eventually.” He folded his arms across his body and nodded determinedly.

Yoongi pressed his small book to open to his chest, peering over his glasses disapprovingly.

“Did you walk across the castle like that?” 

Tae hummed and peered through slitted eyes up at him, feeling quite amused as he laid in Yoongi’s disapproval.

“Don’t you have shirts in your room? Or do dragons not believe in those?” Yoongi swirled his hand gesturing to his topless figure and Tae couldn’t help but smile wickedly up at him.

“We much prefer the nude, my prince, cloth against our skin makes us burn for release..”

Yoongi’s eyes widened and his cheeks flushed while he busied himself in his book again, but Tae was in too fine a mood to let him off that easily.

“Wouldn’t you prefer I exist that way?” He propped himself up on an elbow, his wicked sense of humor swirling in his expression as Yoongi refused to look at him, choosing to hum questioningly from the pages of his book instead.

“In the way I feel most comfortable, Yoon?” It was the first time he spoke his friend's nickname for him, and he loved the reaction that rippled through him when he did.

Alas the prince kept himself well composed, much to his disappointment, all his years at court paying off no doubt.

“Yes, you are my familiar and I wish you to live your life comfortably. Though I fear nothing would get done around here as the staff already finds you too much of a visual hinderance to their duties.” Yoongi mumbled flatly, turning a page in his book.

Tae fell forward slightly, leaning himself onto Yoongi’s legs as he laughed, he felt the spike of amusement echoed in Yoongi even if it never reached his lips. That alone satisfied him, he knew the truth, even if the world did not.

Tae looked up at the book he was reading after he composed himself, there was no writing on it’s weathered exterior he noted as he reached up and ran his index finger across it’s spine.

“What are you reading, My prince?” 

He curled his head into Yoongi’s lap, wrapping his arm around his legs and tucking in the blanket on the other side of his thighs, letting his fingers linger there. Enjoying the heat that was building again between them, he wondered if he’d ever grow tired of this feeling, quickly deciding he would not.

“It’s a transcription of the private journals of the first king of men.” Yoongi said flipping another page, he read quite fast as Tae was learning, maybe another skill arising from years at court. 

“Oh and what have you learned so far?” Tae smiled, squeezing Yoongi’s thigh as he did so, anything to make the heat increase in the air around them.

“He had a dragon as a familiar, the first dragon to grace the royal family in fact.”

Tae hummed curiously, encouraging Yoongi to keep sharing. His breath caught momentarily in his throat though, as Yoongi fingers mindlessly carded through his damp curls. He closed his eyes, relaxing into the touch, already trying to devise more ways he could make this man touch him more.

“It was the very dragon who made the oath in front of the Great Tree with him too..” Yoongi talked slowly, clearly lost in the book and his own thoughts.

“It would make sense for a familiar to take such an oath with their master…” Tae mumbled, and Yoongi hummed in agreement.

“Do you feel that too?” Tae spoke softly, Yoongi’s eyes shifting down to his. “The heat that is..”

“Yes,” His cheeks pinked slightly, and he returned his gaze to the pages before him, “I wanted to understand more of the bond between us, and Seokjin recommended I read this. I’m glad he did, it’s nice to find familiarity in it’s pages.”

“What else have you learned..” Tae smiled, wanting him to keep talking, to keep running his nails across his scalp.

“Well apparently he gained something from their bond..somethin-” He paused his gaze shifting to Jimin as he bowed and entered the room.

“Good evening, my lord.” He smiled sweetly at the two of them.

“Good evening Jiminie.” Yoongi returned the fondness, the smile hanging heavily in his eyes.

“I brewed a tea to aid in sleep for Lord Jung and made extra for you as well, would you like a cup?” He looked down at the silver tray in his arms adorned prettily with a porcelain teapot and  matching cups settled neatly on top.

to Jiminie, thank you.” Jimin smiled from ear to ear, his blue eyes sparkling with unadulterated joy, turning from facing them to set the tray on the bedside table, busying himself with setting and pouring a cup.

“The Prince was just teaching me about the First King, and his dragon..” Tae cooed at Jimin, who smiled as he poured the tea delicately.

The one he was mated to?”

Yoongi hummed questioningly, in an octave higher than normal, blinking rapidly and Jimin.

“I thought the dragon was simply his

..” he cleared his throat.

“Oh well yes, that too,” Jimin poured a second cup, “-but according to the stories my father told me they were also

. Twin flames born across the veil from one another, and that love is what brought such a long peace to this world.” Jimin turned to hand Yoongi a cup, pausing when he saw them both perfectly frozen.

Yoongi swallowed roughly, snapping from his thoughts and shifting forward under the weight of Tae’s head to kindly accept the tea from Jimin’s patiently waiting hands.

Tae sat up quickly, leaning over the foot of the bed, the gears of his mind shifting as he replayed so many of their moments in his mind again in a new light. Their bonding in the cave, the steam that rose from the water boiling at their feet, the cord that pulled taunt between them on the rocky shore. The fact that even after being bound to this man in this way, it still didn’t feel

. The way it felt to watch him court others, and being powerless to stop it. The feeling of their first flight, sheer ecstasy as they moved in tandem through the sky.

He lurched forward, feeling his breath get knocked from him, he ran his hands roughly across his face, his hands supporting the weight of his head. Familiars he might not have remembered much about, since it was so rare among the dragonborn. But when it came to finding one’s mate,

was something he should have recognized from the moment his dragon stirred after eight hundred years of sleep in the prince’s presence. He felt like everything was spinning around him, his head was light, his breath was becoming hard to catch. He drug his hands back down his face, a sweat forming across his skin, his fingers beginning to shake.

“Di-Did they not teach you that, your highness?” Jimin’s voice was tinged with concern at the mood that pooled in the room around them.

“No,” Yoongi spoke softly, and Tae felt the cord pulling taunt between them. He felt it so clearly now he could almost wrap his fingers around it. Fuck, how had he been so dense to not see it sooner. Had he been numb for so long that it took him almost two months to recognize what most of his kin had recognized immediately in the course of their own lives.

“They didn’t teach me anything about dragons, nothing. It is forbidden in this castle to do so.” 

“Well one day I will take you to meet my father, he has a portrait he had commissioned of the two of them hanging in our library.” Tae turned at the waist, bowing lightly as he accepted the tea Jimin had poured for him. He watched as Jimin shifted, lightly brushing Yoongi’s hair from his face.

like him.” Jimin smiled with admiration at Yoongi, who’s eyes were full of curiosity, “-your ancestor. ‘Part from the hair, he had long hair that he wore back in a ponytail.” They both looked, their expressions riddled with shock at Tae as he dropped his tea and unconsciously rose from the bed, his eyes un-blinking. 

“If you’ll excuse me, my prince.” Tae bowed slightly in Yoongi’s direction, he felt the confusion that waterfall out from his body, but Tae didn’t stop as he made for the door. 

"Fjorgyn" by Osi and The Jupiter

The cool night air blew his dark hair across his eyes, and he paid no heed to the tickle of the strands across his cheeks. His claws dug into the stone precipice which he had claimed as his perch, his amber eyes peering intensely over the night that clung to the castle below him. He squeezed the iron spire tightly in his hand, the aged metal crumbling in flakes of rust as he did. His jaw clenched as he relaxed his mind to bring the vision floating in the dark parts of his mind into focus.

He had been struck in that room, the memory of the dream he had the first night Yoongi laid inches from death in front of him. He had watched him for hours that night, curiously trying to figure out why he had been so compelled to save this man. He watched the fever forming across his skin as he laid before him panting with effort, knowing the infection would claim him soon, and when Tae closed his eyes that night he dreamed for the first time since he entered that cave.

But it didn’t feel like a dream, it felt real, vivid, like his skin grew damp under the touch of the fog that clung to that grey meadow. The long dark hair that stirred in the breeze that swirled the mist between them, the memory of someone he had left behind, so long ago he had forgotten the features of their face.

Why he had seen this he needed to know, and he would know.

His eyes shifted downward, settling on the dim glow of candle light that poured out of the windows to Yoongi’s room. Yoongi was pacing, like a beautiful tiger caught in a gilded cage. 

He let out a long breath through his nostrils as they flared. After all this time he’d finally found his mate, and he was trapped here. Bound by duty. Bound by fate, in the one place Tae hated more than anything in this world. He chuckled darkly at the irony of it. 

Their goddess truly had a sense of humor.

He rose when he saw that the prince had blown out his candles, leaping from rooftop to rooftop till found himself above his quarters, and there he settled again. Tonight he would not watch him sleep as he always did, but he would linger nearby, carefully listening to all the stirrings of below. Ready to pounce in a heartbeat, spread his black wings and spew death upon the entire world if he needed to.

His whole body was on edge, he suddenly felt as though Yoongi was so very vulnerable, and so very precious. Tae’s body vibrated uncomfortably as he began to realize his whole being was now hinged on Yoongi’s very existence in this world. Before him there was nothing, and after him there would be nothing. 

So many emotions took their turn crawling across his skin, anger, grief, confusion, lust, and many other dark and possessive urges. This man that slept soundly below him, probably thanks to Jimin’s tea, belonged to him, and he would be damned if anyone else would ever dare to claim or hurt him again.

So Tae lingered there on the rooftop, the waxing moonlight glistening over his form as the night breeze cooled and pulled the steam from him and swirled it  into the night.  He focused on Yoongi’s breathing as it started to shift into something more unsettled, desperately to ignore the smell of death that rose upwards from the ground below him.

It had been a week since that night, when Jimin had brought them tea. There had been so much silence between them everyday since, and a tension that Yoongi couldn’t read. He held papers in front of his face, but he wasn’t looking at them. Instead his eyes peered over their ragged tops at Tae who stood still in the corner of the room, as he had done every day. 

‘He’s clenching his jaw again..’ 

His eyes narrowed when Tae immediately relaxed it and rolled it forward as if trying to rock the soreness from it.

‘So you can hear me, but not talk to me...funny..’

Tae rolled his shoulders back, his tongue trailing the inside of his bottom lip as he adjusted in place, still not looking up at him. He hadn’t, not once since that night, and as uncomfortable as he might feel with Yoongi projected his thoughts across the room at him. Yoongi didn't care. He found himself unexplainably bothered at the distance between them, and the fact that those beautiful amber eyes hadn’t looked at him once was driving him mad.

‘Why won’t you talk to me?’

Yoongi felt a wall come up, but he focused harder, clenching his jaw as he thought.

‘Do you hate me now?’

Tae flared his nose, his eyes immediately meeting Yoongi’s, he felt relief to finally be in their hold. Then he felt the wave of anger and..fear that radiated off of him momentarily, before Tae’s focus returned and he peered back out over the small office again. So he didn’t hate him, that was a relief.

‘Are you afraid? ...Don’t be, I’ll protect you Tae-ah.’ 

Tae closed his eyes and hung his head, his leg bobbing slightly below him.

“Oh look, a visitor.” Seokjin called from where he sat next to Yoongi as a young messenger boy stared up at the dark and looming Tae who guarded the door. Clearly the boy was terrified, most likely having heard the story of what he did to the guards who had displeased him.

“Come here boy,” Yoongi waved his hand, “-he won’t bite unless I ask him too.” He smiled as Tae audibly scoffed with amusement. Who would have thought that sound would bring him such joy.

The boy hurried over, bowing low and handing the letter to Seokjin, before turning sheepishly to peer over his shoulder at Tae.

“A-are-aren’t you afraid m’lord?” he stuttered.

“Why should I be?” Yoongi leaned over his desk as the boy turned back to face him, “ I’m the

tiger in this room..” He smiled as the boy swallowed roughly. 

“It looks like you are invited to dinner today, and he wants you to be dressed presentably for the lovely ladies who will be in attendance.” Seokjin feigned enthusiasm well; Yoongi sat back in his chair rubbing his brow with his forefinger.

“Ohhh, would you look at

... I’m invited too!” He gestured with his index finger to his name on the page, raising his eyebrows high in sarcasm, and Yoongi couldn’t help but laugh at him.

“Go boy, tell your master we will be in attendance.” Yoongi waved his hand, watching the child scurry quickly by Tae who lifted his lips to playfully show his fangs.

“Maybe he’s hoping you’ll be more apt to choose a wife while you are stuffing your princely face.” Seokjin sang merrily as Yoongi continued to chuckle.

“My father’s getting desperate, he lacks the will to tell his brother his place, but will gladly decide my marriage for me.” Yoongi tossed his papers down with a sigh, he felt something that felt very akin to a cord pulling tight against his sternum. It was painful, and it made his eyes shoot directly to Tae, who stood with his eyes closed and jaw clenched so hard he might soon break teeth.

“Have we found a way around that decree yet?” he pinched the bridge of his nose.

regicide?” Seokjin hummed expectantly at the end, lifting his eyebrows as he bobbed his head in Yoongi’s direction. Yoongi rolled his gaze to meet him, anger unfiltered in his eyes as he did.

Joon hissed from where he was seated, clearly as unhappy as Yoongi was that he had so boldly spoken what they had all been thinking for so long.

Yoongi clenched his jaw. Seokjin was smart, very smart. But Yoongi was afraid he would say something so reckless one day that even Yoongi could not save him from it. That aside, it didn’t make the truth of his words weigh any less. Yet no matter how many times he had thought of it in passing, he couldn’t bring himself to start his reign in bloodshed.

Still not an option?’ Jin leaned forward, slapping  his hand roughly on Yoongi’s shoulder, “Well then I better go draw you a bath so we can snag you an unwitting and

wife for you to trap in a loveless marriage.” He squeezed Yoongi’s  shoulder tightly, unafraid of the darkening daggers hanging threateningly in the gaze that Yoongi peered up at him with.

“Have Jimin-shi attend to me, you are

” Jin bowed a bow that was dripping with copious amounts of attitude and turned to walk quickly from the room. Namjoon sighed, a small frown lingering on his lips, while rising to bow respectfully at Yoongi and follow after Seokjin. Yoongi could hear him calling after Jin in the hallway.

There was a long moment of silence that fell over the room, Yoongi tskd and flung  the papers from his desk in frustration, running his tongue across his parted lips. 

“He is right, you know.” Tae’s honey voice once again stirred his insides, Yoongi immediately closed his eyes. Anger welling up ferociously inside of him.

“Of all the moments for you to choose to speak to me again, this is not the one I wanted you to choose.” Yoongi ran his hand over his face, the heat of anger making his skin burn now.

‘Will you dismiss me too, for simply speaking things you do not wish to hear?” Tae’s calm voice irritated him more with every word he spoke, “ You are a better man than

Yoongi clenched his jaw and rose heatedly from his desk, walking around it to stand squarely in front of Tae. He lingered there, looking up into his swirling honey eyes, his resolved anger melting at the edges quickly under its intensity. 

know of the man that I am?” Yoongi’s voice was gravely as he spoke barely above a whisper.

Tae’s eyes softened and he leaned dangerously forward, making Yoongi glance down the length of his face, momentarily to his lips as he blinked rapidly to regain his bearings. He looked quickly back into the dragon’s eyes, rolling his tongue across his lips once more.

you,” Tae whispered, his eyes taking their time lingering in one of Yoongi’s eyes, then the other, “I've

Yoongi stilled, then scoffed, “What gives you the

... to ignore me, then say such things.” 

Tae’s brow furrowed slightly under Yoongi’s words and Yoongi turned from him to leave the room. He pumped his fists as he walked, trying to calm himself as he went. He was vaguely aware of Tae trailing behind him, but the idea of being away from him bothered him more than him being near at this moment. So he clenched his jaw, and set his course and demeanor in that of the prince of this castle.

“I’m sorry.” Yoongi whispered as Seokjin stepped up beside him and adjusted his robes as they waited to enter the dining hall.

“I know,” He mumbled, still adjusting the hem of his robe before peering over at him with a smile, “Me too Yoon.”

Yoongi smiled, reaching over to discreetly squeeze his hand as Hoseok stepped up to greet them.

“Are you ready, Your Highness?” Yoongi nodded and Hoseok looked over at Seokjin, “Lord Kim?”

“Yes, Yes Hobi-ah, I’m fucking starving let’s get this charade over with so I can go back to my room and have my real meal.” Jin leaned forward and hissed at him, and Yoongi had to bite his lip to keep from laughing as Namjoon cleared his throat from behind them.

“First of all, It’s Lord Jung to you, my lord.” Hoseok raised an index finger in front of Jin’s face as he batted his eyelashes playfully at him, “and secondly,

” Hoseok grimaced, and turned from them as they snickered, nodding at his familiar to open the doors.

Yoongi peered over his shoulder at Tae who stood not looking at him, a few steps behind.

“The Crown Prince, Min Yoongi and his caretaker Lord Kim Seokjin.” Hoseok’s voice sang out, as captain of the guard he had lots of practice projecting and his warm voice echoed down the dining hall.

They walked in, both of them looking very princely if you asked him, nodding at the gathering of Ladies and their fathers that lined the table. Yoongi noted, as he always did, no fae daughters were ever invited to these events. He scoffed under his breath as he arrived at his seat, Seokjin’s next to his, a noble lady placed on either side of them.

Namjoon stepped up to do as he had always done, and draw out Seokjin's chair for him. Tae was adapting quickly, always watching Namjoon and moved to do the same.

“Ah-ah-ah.” Yoongi peered across the wide dark table into his Uncle's disgusted expression. 

“We have servants, not beasts attend to us here.” He sneered with a smile so vile that it made Yoongi ball his fist in his sleeve. “You’ll stand over there quietly, and pretend you don’t exist.” He motioned vaguely to a darkened section of wall in the corner of the room.

Namjoon bowed and took a step back, but Tae stayed rooted, his fingers extending to wrap themselves around the back of the chair. Yoongi caught the fear in the woman’s eyes next to him as she craned her neck to look back at the darkening gaze that loomed over Tae’s features.

“I’ll be fine.” Yoongi said softly, and Tae’s fingers froze mid air.

‘Do you trust me?’

 Yoongi let the thought pour from like a waterfall as he pulled Seokjin’s chair from the table for him, then his own.

This time the dragon’s breathy voice answered him, and it brought a warm wave of relief with it.

‘With my life, My prince.’

Tae bowed and followed Namjoon to their place in the room. 

“He is too wild to be roaming these halls, you better teach him some manners before someone gets hurt.” His uncle's voice quite literally revolted him, Yoongi grimaced down at the table as he adjusted the silverware. 

“That simply will not do, Uncle.” Yoongi smiled politely as he folded his hands in a most princely manner across his lap, “You see unlike you, I surround myself with those that challenge me, because that means they respect me enough to be honest with me about my shortcomings.”

“It is no man’s place to tell a Prince nor King their shortcomings, let alone an uncultured beast.” He squinted his good eye at Yoongi,  the scar across his face twisting horridly under the weight of his expression.

“It’s the true place of any counsel a leader holds, a counsel that placates and blindly feeds  hollow pleasantries is one of little use to me

this kingdom. I am not one with so huge an ego to think that I am infallible.” Yoongi spoke flatly, unintimidated by disapproval that seeped out of the man before him.

“What a wise sentiment from someone so young in years.”

Yoongi let a smile pull at the corners of his mouth as an older Lord down the table found the courage to speak.

“Thank you, Lord Gwan.” Yoongi spoke loudly, eyes never leaving his Uncle’s.

The doors spilled open to the room, and the servants poured in with the first course, to set before them. Yoongi kept up pleasantries, but nothing more, exchanging occasional looks of annoyance with Seokjin. By the time the third course had rolled around he had grown weary of this game, and the truth of Seokjin’s words were starting to weigh heavily on him. The woman next to him was very beautiful, nice and smart, and would make someone a wonderful wife. But what business did Yoongi have marrying her if he couldn't get through a single dinner by her side and keep his sanity. 

She laid her fingers across the back of his hand, and he felt it again, the sharp pain of the cord pulled excruciatingly tight against his sternum. He winced as he retracted from her so quickly he dropped his fork on the floor and bumped into Seokjin. Seokjin rose quickly to retrieve it, kneeling on the floor between them, laying his charm on heavily as he peered over his shoulder up at her.  

“You’ll have to forgive his Highness, today’s work weighs heavily on him still.” The woman swooned slightly under the weight of Seokjin’s charisma.

“All is forgiven, do not worry Lord Kim,” she giggled, turning away from them.

Yoongi looked over at his closest friend, fondness filling his eyes as he gratefully accepted the fork Jin handed him, and his kindness. Seokjin always found ways to save him, when he felt suddenly out of his depth in the more social aspects of his duties. Yoongi was not near as social as Seokjin, and the interactions took a toll on him much faster. But Seokjin was always a natural, swaying others easily to his caus; he would make a hell of an ally and counsel member when Yoongi was king.

Yoongi’s eyes widened at the word, his eyes were still on Seokjin who glared venomously from where he knelt to the vile excuse of a human that was seated across from them.

Yoongi turned slowly, running his tongue across his lips as he did, “Excuse me?”

“You have spent more time this evening flirting with that man than focusing on your duties as prince of this realm.” He growled, and from Yoongi’s peripheral he saw the shadows on the wall shift, more than one of them that lingered there had dared to edge the light that fell around the table.

Yoongi slowly raised his eyebrows as Seokjin rose to stand beside him, indignation written disrespectfully all over his face as he glared at the Imperial General.

“I beg your pardon, Uncle..bu-”

“Don’t act like it isn’t true, I have eyes all over this castle, eyes that see the way you two.

Yoongi flared his nostrils, his jaw rolling forward as he glared over at him, his tongue pressed firmly to his bottom teeth while his knuckles turned white against the table.

“It’s disgusting, an

. The Crown Prince of this court, chasing men and faerie boys instead of applying himself to his duties. Is that why that new white haired fae boy is flitting around our halls with that disgusting smile riddled across his face.” The old man’s plump face grew red as he talked, spit flying in Yoongi’s direction as he spoke.

Yoongi peered over at his father, who simply shifted uncomfortably in his seat, a shell of a human focused on ignoring the world around him till he faded into non-existence. That wasn’t his father, not anymore, his father had died long ago with his mother.

“Look at me when I talk to you,

, but I’m not a boy,” Yoongi rolled his eyes back to meet his Uncles, his voice coming low and tense now, “I’m well into manhood and on the precipice of my throne and you’d do well to remember that

“Being Crown Prince is a privilege,

, and if you don’t want to see that privilege pass to my son, who is well and married to a good woman from a strong house,

, I’d start setting myself to the task at hand. Running this country and finding a

queen, not playing with some

“I’ll fuck whoever I want, a belief system taught to me by you Uncle, made clear by the bastard boy you claim as your heir and deigned appropriate to sit at our table while our honored familiars wait like dogs at the foot of it.” He smiled wickedly from ear to ear as his uncle’s mouth moved to make words his throat would not give him, “As for running this country, as I have attended more war councils than you as of late, ask any of the Lords who serve you in this room my capabilities on that front, and if they are any counsel worth keeping they will tell you just how far you have fallen short of your responsibilities to this kingdom.”

His uncle leaned forward to speak filth into the air between them when the doors to the room flew open, in spilled a young and  frantic looking boy who quickly found Hoseok and ran up to him. Hoseok’s eyes widened, and he nodded singularly as he moved to approach the head of the table.

“Your Majesty,” He bowed to the King, “Tanith has been sacked. The city is burning.”

Yoongi rose immediately, that city was very close to the outskirts of the capital near them.

“Hoseok, notify the fourteenth battali-”

” His uncle's fist came hard against the table, as his voice echoed through the room, as many of those gathered there lowered their heads. The woman who sat beside Yoongi started to sniffle.

“There are more important things for you to handle tonight, we will send some soldiers in the morning.”

“That city is burning, it’s citizens are in need of the crown's protection and assistance.” Yoongi pointed in the direction he knew it laid.

“There is nothing of worth in that godforsaken village.”

Yoongi's eyes widened to their max, “No-...

” His voice was soft with shock, “There are almost three thousand lives that reside there.”

“Beasts hardly count as lives of note.”

This time it was Yoongi’s fist that met the table with force, his glass tumbling away from him, a wave of reactions passing through everyone in the room.

“Mark my words Uncle,” He looked up at him as he leaned over the table, his voice rolling out of him deep and gravelly, “Your days are numbered. I’ll soon have my wife, and

throne, and I’ll pay you all the payment you are due for all the years you have sat silently by as our country slowly rotted, coveting my father’s crown.”

He turned to Hoseok, “Gather the fou-”

His uncle stood, “You’ll have none of my men to take into your folly,

,” Yoongi growled. “Gather my guard.”

“You’ll not take them either, they are needed to guard this castle and it’s guests.” He pointed his finger at Hoseok, “That means you too, Lord Jung.”

“With all due respect, General Min,” Hoseok spoke calmly through gritted teeth, “You do not have the power to give me orders here. I answer to the King, and his heir

Yoongi balled both of his fists, before turning slowly and pointing at his uncle, “You better hope I die tonight.” He spun from the table, eyes locking with immediately Tae who stood poised at the end of the table. His familiar's eyes were burning, all the muscles pulled taunt in his neck, Yoongi caught the glint of his iron claws in the candle light. Yoongi looked over at Namjoon who stood at his shoulder, the beast curled up defensively just below the surface, his eyes possessively trailing over Seokjin as they moved towards them.

Jungkook  swung the door widely open as they neared it, and they all followed their prince from the room. Yoongi was already disrobing as he strode with purpose back to his quarters.

“Meet me in the courtyard in ten minutes.” He said firmly, dropping pieces of his ridiculously over done formal garb as he wnt.

He heard Namjoon growl with delight, “Excellent, I've been

for a proper fight.”

“I knew you were holding back in that courtyard.” Tae smirked, nodding at them as he and Seokjin broke off from them.

Jimin jumped nearly out of his skin as they burst into Yoongi’s room, “Wh-What is it!?”

“I need my leathers and mail, with haste Jiminie.” He tossed his silk kimono on the bed, turning back to face Jimin who had paused in softened horror at the sight of his shirtless back. As everyone did the first time they looked upon his marred flesh.

“Jiminie..” He spoke softly, pulling the sweet man back from his thoughts and to his task.

Tae had continued past them, pulling Yoongi weapons from where they hung high on the wall, and placing them where Jimin could easily access them. The energy between them was swirling viciously, and he couldn’t tell if it was his or Tae’s that felt chaotic.

“I’ll help Hoseok with the horses.” 

,” Yoongi exhaled as he grabbed his wrist when he passed by him again. Tae spun quickly back to him, the tip of his nose brushing against Yoongi’s cheek and Yoongi gasped and closed his eyes. The place of pain on his sternum, shifted to heat, it felt like the base of a great tree had made its home there and it’s roots had grown deep into Yoongi.

“I won’t let you die, Yoon.” He whispered before turning again and disappearing from the room, taking the heat with him as he went, leaving Yoongi gasping in its wake.

‘Let me come.” Jimin's hushed voice was confident, even though his voice shook as he dressed him.

“Jiminie, You already said you can’t fight.” he spoke softly not wanting to hurt him.

“I can do other things, like keep you all alive.” Jimin paused looking up at him with a stubbornness that he recognized in all those he called friend.

“Very well.” He turned and grabbed his dagger from the bed, “At least wear this.”

“Thank you, Your highness.”

, call me Yoongi.”

Jimin smiled from ear to ear. “Thank you, Yoongi-ah.”

“Where are all the bodies?” Hoseok breathed as they stood quietly bewildered at the city gates opposite the ones they had entered through. The city was destroyed, clearly attacked as the bones of it’s buildings burned bright into the night, but the more they walked the more questions they had instead of answers .

“There are no signs of looting... not a war raid..” Namjoon lifted some blood stained earth in his large hand as he squatted down, shaking it loosely while he sniffed it then the air trying to catch a scent they could use. “What you got, Kook?” He called as his hardened gaze peered back over the torched ruins.

“Nothing yet.” Jungkook called from the edge of the forest on the other side of the gate.

“They took them..” Jimin spoke so softly, his voice riddled with sadness, “-it’s the only thing that makes sense..” His eyes were filled with tears as he looked up into Yoongi’s.

“Why would someone take three thousand magic folk and fae? For what purpose?” Yoongi furrowed his brow as he spoke.

“I do not know..” Jimin shook his head, his voice barely a whisper as he kneeled down to pick up a little fawn shaped doll that had been crushed into the dirt.

“It's been happening for years now, and has escalated significantly in the last few months.” Jimin continued, brushing the dirt from the doll.

“What do you mean this has been happening for years?” Yoongi’s brow is knitted fully together.

“Is this something else you don’t know?” Jimin gazed back at him, his expression sad and voice merely a whisper, “What else aren’t they telling you in those war councils.”

“What else indeed.” Seokjin spat, folding his arms across his chest in clear anger.

“I bet you that is why he didn’t want you to come.” Namjoon spoke again, the rage inside of him evident in his deep voice. “Think about it, if he sent the guard in the morning he could say whatever suited his agenda. But

, you are a witness.” He tossed the dirt to the ground as he clenched his jaw.

Hoseok walked through the center of them, kneeling beside Jimin and wrapping an arm around him.

“There were children here..” Jimin’s voice broke in a sob, peering into Hoseok’s soft gaze with blue eyes swimming in the silver of his tears. Hoseok pulled him tight against his chest, running his free hand through the white hair that glittered in the moonlight.

“We will find them."  he said trying to soothe him, but the look the rest of them exchanged told the truth they all knew.

“My prince..” Tae spoke softly from behind him, “something isn’t right here..” 

Yoongi turned to face him, his eyes glowing like embers in the night as they looked across the city and then to the forests beyond.

“The air...smells..

.” Tae flared his nose, shaking his head slightly, “I can’t place it..but

I don’t like it..”

“I got something!!” Jungkook called from several yards into the forest, “It’s faint...but I think it’s worth trailing.”

They all hurried to him, following him quietly for several miles, tension building silently in their bodies with each mile that passed. Finally he stilled as they poured into a very small clearing, his long curly hair blowing in the breeze as he tilted his nose up into the wind. The moon lit the tall blades of grass and wildflowers that grew rampant before them, and they flitted silver as the current of night air danced around them.

..like it just disappeared..” Jungkook furrowed his brow in frustration, a puff of black smoke and a few moments later the black fox had its nose to the ground frantically sniffing all the blades it could for a clue. 

The air chilled and shifted small flakes of snow kissing Yoongi’s cheek as he took in the meadow before them. Namjoon quickly joined him, the massive grey wolf glowing silver in the light of the moon. They moved off several yards ahead of them, moving methodically in overlapping circles. This wasn’t the first time they had worked in tandem like this, each of them balancing each other's strengths and weaknesses. Jungkook had a nose like no other, and Namjoon always backed him up when he inevitably sniffed out trouble.

Yoongi felt Tae’s body shift, even though it wasn’t against him or even near him for that matter. He had felt him shift, the energy that radiated off of him changing rapidly as they stood there. He glanced over to him, his back was to him, his eyes scanning the tree line. Tae took a step backwards, his arm protectively wrapping around Yoongi.

Seokjin turned, his eyes fixed on Tae, drawing his sword slowly. Hoseok turned with them drawing his too, shifting Jimin between the two of them as they watched Tae spin Yoongi slowly, always keeping himself between him and the woods as he moved. Yoongi reached out, balling his fist in the black shirt that hung loosely from his familiar’s back. His hand on the hilt of his own sword, as he tried to see something, anything in the woods. 

A snarl erupted from Tae, his fingers digging into his hip as he tried to shift Yoongi quickly, but it was too late, they were already flying backwards. They crashed hard against a tree yards away, Yoongi felt his skull smack hard and he felt instantly dizzy. Tae shook his head and groaned in front of him, Yoongi tried to focus his vision on what was happening in the distance as Kook’s black form flew through the air and landed on the face of a giant brown bear that hurdled towards his friends.

They didn’t have much time to react as a snapping of thick branches came loudly from behind them. Tae wrapped one arm behind him cradling Yoongi against him as he rolled sideways, using his body as a shield as he raked his extended claws across the muzzle of another extremely large bear. A blood curdling snarl poured out of him as he kneed the jaws that trailed after the pair of them closed in an iron like snap.

Tae spun his lower body, landing a kick on the side of it’s massive skull and sending the beast rolling sideways. His body continued his roll, almost feline as it twisted in the air above Yoongi, landing on all fours over him. 

“Can you move?” Tae growled.

“I don’t know..” Yoongi still felt so dizzy, he pressed a hand to the back of his head, the warmth of blood spilled over it. He pulled it back around between them, it was dripping in the moonlight. Tae’s eyes widened horrifically as he watched it stream down Yoongi’s fingers.

“Shit.” Tae glanced over at the scene behind them, and went to scoop Yoongi up, “We gotta go.”

Yoongi called as yet another bear sprang from the brush, it’s great claws sliding down Tae’s back in a single swipe. Drops of blood landed light and warm on his cheek, and Yoongi saw his whole world flash before his eyes. Tae’s expression as he pulled his eyes closed tightly, his fangs extending as he grimaced, his blood glowing like rubies as it rained through the moonlit sky.

“Fuck!” Tae cried, rolling quickly to face his attacker, as gleaming white fangs bigger than Yoongi’s hands quickly closed the distance between them. There was a flash of silver, and the bear's face was pinned into the dirt beside them in a mighty thud that rumbled the earth like a landslide. The wolf ripped the bear's ear from its skull in one fluid moment, flinging into the night as his fangs went about tearing at the muscle that lined the beast's throat.

Blood, more blood. It painted Namjoon’s fur as he moved closer to the life source that ran through the creature that struggled below his massive paws.

Tae rolled again, slower than before, lifting and cradling Yoongi to him as he made his way back to the others. Yoongi’s hand draped over his shoulder and could feel the warm wet that drenched it. He lifted it to see it over Tae’s shoulder, tears pooling in his eyes as it was covered in the dragon’s blood.

“I’m fine, don’t worry about me.”

He laid Yoongi at Jimin’s feet, pulling his sword to assist Kook in the battle he was fighting beside them. He leaped over them, spinning through the air as he drove the blade to the hilt into the ribs of the beast that dove after the snarling fox.

“Where are you hurt, Yoon-ah?” Jimin spoke hurriedly, his sapphire eyes trying to appraise him quickly.

Jimin flinched only slightly as Hoseok jumped over them, his twin blades cutting the air as he struck another bear that had emerged from the dark, lunging at the pair of them.

Jimin rubbed his hands together, and pulled them to his lips, his eyes glowing with a light of their own like the lights Yoongi had seen painting the roof of Tae’s cave. He breathed slowly across his palms as they started to glow and glint like his flesh was made of luminescent diamonds. He leaned forward, his hands creating a trail of glowing air in their wake, he gently placed his palms against the back of Yoongi’s skull. Yoongi immediately felt the pain ebb, his thoughts clearing as Jimin’s cool magic poured through his veins like ice.

“Namjoon!” Seokjin’s voice was shrill as a canine cry pierced the night. Yoongi turned to see  the wolf’s limp body being tossed side to side in the jaws of a particularly big brown bear, the sounds of bones popping and snapping sickeningly filling the night around them. The bear casually tossed Joon’s lifeless body to the side, it’s gaze now set on Yoongi.

“Is it just me..or are they getting bigger..” Hoseok mumbled, panting as he tried to catch his breath behind them.

“They are getting bigger..” Tae growled, his eyes fixed on Joon.

“I-I..I can't feel him..” Seokjin lunged forward and Tae caught him hard against his arm.

“Stay.” He barked, sprinting forward and dodging more bears that lunged from the darkness at him.

Jimin gasped, pulling Yoongi to his chest, he saw Hoseok lunge in his peripheral and turned to see him slicing the jaw from a bear before driving his sword through its eye. He turned back to them with a wink, before another massive paw sent him flying.

“Hoseok-ah!!” Jimin screamed into the night, the black fox already flying through the air after him. Seokjin, refocused on the next bear to lunge at them, just barely missing it’s swipe. Jimin shifted under Yoongi, drawing the dagger he had given him and holding it shakily in both hands in front of them.

“Jiminie..”  Tae spoke softly as he set Joon’s bloodied form next to them, there was barely any of his silver coat that still held true to its hue. Yoongi’s eyes trailed over Joon, who was still just barely breathing. Barely. Yoongi looked up quickly as he noticed the new wounds to Tae’s chest, bone clearly visible below his tattered shirt.

Jimin instantly leaned forward, the glow increasing ten fold as he laid his hands across Joon’s wounds, the blue light pouring from him and creating new flesh everywhere it flowed. The light arced from him intensely, spilling over Joon’s body and licking the ground all around them.

Jungkook arrived next, bearing Hoseok in his arms, and several gashes across his tattooed shoulder. Jimin’s eyes flitted over to them.

“I’m fine Jimin-shi. Focus on Joon right now.” Hoseok grinned through his pain, his arm tight against his ribs, and by the sound of his breathing Yoongi figured he had at least three broken ribs. Jimin nodded and closed his eyes to focus.

,” Seokjin cradled the wolf's head in his lap, petting him softly as tears streamed across his cheeks, “Stay with me, my love.”

"Master of Death" by Peter Gundry

“They aren’t done.” Jungkook spoke in hushed tones, his muscular shoulders heaving as he tried to catch his breath, his eyes fixed on Tae.

“I know.” he panted in return, his hand pressed against the open wounds that stretched across his stomach.

“I can hear them coming.” Kook said more softly this time.

“I know.” Tae exhaled again, his eyes scanning the trees, the sounds of branches snapping and small trees tumbling to the earth rumbling ever more loudly with each passing second.

“When they arrive..there will be too many…” Jungkook’s voice cracked as he looked down at Hoseok.

There was a groan that emerged from Namjoon as the wolf opened his eyes, and Jimin turned from him to press his hands to Tae’s back and front. Tae closed his eyes, breathing in slowly, almost pulling Jimin’s light more quickly into him as he did.

Suddenly the night was filled with roars, as several new beasts lunged from the darkness at them. Yoongi gasped, then covered his eyes as a bright white light blinded him. He blinked rapidly, his eyes adjusting to the new light. Jimin sat next to him, whispering softly as the light poured from his hand that was raised above him, it cocooned over them repelling their attackers. It would have been breathtakingly beautiful to see under different circumstances, and as the bears spiraled around them, Yoongi was glad he allowed Jimin to come.

“Your Majesty,” Yoongi looked back at Jimin, whose voice was strained, but he was not looking at Yoongi but at Tae. Yoongi glanced quickly at Tae, whose eyes were full of fondness and understanding as he looked back at Jimin.

“I can’t... hold it...for long..” Jimin groaned as the shield repelled another strike. Tae’s hand softly removed the hand that lingered on his abdomen.

Tae smiled, “It’s okay Jiminie, focus on the barrier.”

Tae leaned over Yoongi, his hand landing on Jungkook’s good shoulder. “Listen Kook, when this barrier falls, You are gonna get them out of here.

His voice was firm, filled with more authority than Yoongi had ever heard in it before. “You are gonna grab them and run, and you are

no matter what you hear.” Jungkook knitted his eyebrows together, bowing in respect to the orders Tae had given him.

“Y-Y-You..can’t take them all by yourself.” Yoongi stammered, panic filling him.

 Tae shifted, cupping Yoongi’s face in his hands, “No. I can not. But I

buy you time.” He smiled tightly as he ran his thumbs across Yoongi’s cheeks. His chest was hurting, not from any wound, but from the roots of the tree recoiling in terror inside of him.

Tae ignored him, “The Future king is your’s now. Guard him with your life, Jungkook-shi.”

Jungkook nodded, “With My life.”

“No..Tae-ah..You can’t..come with us..

..” Yoongi begged, tears kissing his cheeks.

Tae held him more firmly now, “

. You hear me? You promise me that you'll live and you’ll burn that fucking castle down to the ground, Yoon.”

“Your Majesty..” Jimin groaned.

Tae leaned forward, pressing a kiss firmly to Yoongi’s forehead, before rising. 

“Your majesty... Kim Tayehyung ...

..it’s been an honor to serve you..” Jimin spoke softly, tears pouring from him as he gazed with admiration up at Tae.

Tae turned one last time and smiled softly, “The honor has been mine, Jimin-ah.” and he stepped purposefully through the light that separated them all from death.

"Mephisto's Lullaby" by Xtortion Audio

The wind instantly shifted, they could feel it now as Jimin’s barrier failed, the bears felt it too. There had to be twenty of them now, and they stepped cautiously back from the being that strode towards them boldly. Shadow and embers started to pour from him as the winds ferociously whipped the trees that lined the clearing in vicious circles.

Tae growled, “-that one among you is a prince. One of her treasured sons. For you will be the first to fall, and I will pull your teeth and bones from your body and fashion a crown from them for my king.”

There was movement amongst them as several shifted to stand protectively in front of a smaller one in the middle of the pack.

He snarled, the shadow consuming him and spreading like wicked arms into the clearing around them.

His great head sprang from the swirling cloud of smoke first, his teeth glistening in the moonlight as he snaked forward and snatched up the small bear they protected, craning it above his head into the sky above them. The night was filled with it’s agonizing cries until it fell silent and limp with a single bone chilling snap. Then with a flick of his head he hurdled the corpse back into the earth, smashing it with his mighty paw as he curled the rest of his black armored body over it and roared mightily at the army of bears that growled back at him.

Then they were on him, all at once, and he spun and rolled. The dragon grabbed them with teeth and claws and flung them screaming in agony into the night. But they did their damage as they leapt onto his neck, ripping big holes in his armored skin with their iron jaws. 

Yoongi stood, “Tae-ah!” 

Jungkook quickly pulled him back down against him as the dragon angrily spun, his thick and long tail barely clearing the top of them as it swept across, taking several bears and trees with it as it went. The snap of their great trunks was deafening, the air around them filled with leaves and fur.

Jungkook hoisted Yoongi over his shoulder, with Joon’s wolf form tucked under the other arm and moved quickly away from the clearing. Seokjin and Jimin supported Hoseok as they followed closely behind. Yoongi craned his head upwards, his eyes blurry from tears as he tried to hold Tae in his vision as long as he could. Every mark they carved into his body, ripping a piece from Yoongi’s soul.

It was mostly downhill back to their horses, the whole time the night being filled with the sounds of the battle that raged behind them. Trees breaking, earth shaking thumps and thuds, agonized cries and ferocious roars. 

The sound of the dragon's roar was the loudest of all.

When they reached the city gates and their horses, Jimin paused, his hands dancing in front of him, his fingertips glowing white as he pulled fog from the river nearby to blanket the forest they had retreated from.

“I don’t think they are following us.” Jungkook said as he pulled Jimin to sit behind him on his horse.

“Just in case.” Jimin said as he wrapped his arms around Jungkook and laid them across Hoseok’s chest, his healing light now pouring into him. Hoseok’s hand came to rest on Jimin’s forearms, his head leaned weakly against Jungkook’s broad chest as he struggled to breathe around the blood that had started to fill his lungs.

Soekjin leaned over and gave Yoongi’s horse a good smack on the rump, sending it careening away from the noises echoing down the mountain. They barreled through the city the fastest the horses would carry them, Quickly passing across the long stone bridge over the river, finally stilling on the edge of the woods on the other side.

"Sociopath" by Lucas King

Yoongi turned finally, they all did, and collectively gasped up at the mountain behind them. As the sun started to turn the sky grey, the fire that burnt across the mountain's face glowed orange, painting the sky the same color above it. The tall aged pines that lined it’s stone slopes gave themselves over quickly like wool tinder, igniting quickly, flames dancing high into the sky above them.

“I had forgotten..” Namjoon spoke softly, pain still lingering in his body, “-how quickly dragon fire catches.”

“It’s quiet…” Yoongi breathed, “I..can’t..I can’t

him.” Tears poured shamelessly from him. His mind couldn’t even begin to process the idea that Tae was no more. He closed his eyes, searching, searching the numbing silence that surrounded him desperate for even an echo of the vibration he had grown used to feeling between them.

He opened his eyes, determination painting his features, his eyes scanning the face of the rock that rose burning before them searching for a path back to him.

“We can’t go back, the flames alone are impenetrable.” Jungkook spoke softly.

“That’s probably why he did it.” Jimin whispered. "So nothing could follow us.."

Yoongi let out a long breath, unable to retreat any further from the scene before him, unable to move forward and rescue the person who had come to quickly mean so very much to him. He said he would protect him, but he had been rendered useless at the first threat they had encountered. Yoongi failed him, and he had almost failed all of them had it not been for Jimin. Who was he to try to be king? What good could he possibly do for a country if he couldn’t protect those he loved most?

There was a great crack and snapping of limbs and trees distantly behind them, all of their horses were terrified at the events of the night, and reacted accordingly. Yoongi tried to hold on with his thighs as his horse reared, but with a soft buck he was sent flying into the dirt. The breath knocked from him hard.

Seokjin drew his sword as Namjoon’s large hands soothed their mount, “What was that?” he hissed.

Yoongi rose in the dirt, drawing his secondary weapon, twisting his foot for leverage as he raised his blade above him into the sky. He would not fail them this time.

It was faint, so very faint, like a whisper cast into the sky on a windy day. It was a plea, it was desperate, it was pained. He was searching, Tae was searching for him. He could feel it, feel it all the way to his core.

“Tae-ah!” Yoongi cried, dropping his sword to sprint recklessly into the pitch black pine that spread before him. He sprinted for several minutes, desperately trying to pick up his energy somewhere in the darkness. Until he tripped and fell, the twisted roots at his feet gashed his knees to the bone, but he pulled himself up quickly, he paid it no mind as he continued forward. Tae was alive, he was alive and needed him.

“Tae! I’m here..where are you!?” Yoongi spun wildly, trying to get his eyes to adjust to the night that still clung heavy under the cover of pine. Fear started to creep into him. What if he would arrive too late? What if he could never find him in these woods. What if-

Yoongi spun, he was close, so very close. “Tae-ah,

, tell me where you are!?” he called as he ran towards the part of the forest his heart called him too. He barreled through, paying no heed to the pine needles and rough branches that scraped his exposed skin as he did.

‘Here..I’m here…’

Yoongi spun again, feeling a cord caught rigidly taunt between them, and he turned willingly following the pull it had as it tugged mercilessly at his sternum. He followed it to a clearing the dragon's body had formed as he crashed through the canopy, taking several trees with him as he slid against the earth. He was shifting now, but not before Yoongi could see the large pieces of flesh missing from him and the blood that already stained the pine needles below them.

“Jiminie!!” Yoongi’s voice broke as he screamed for him, he rushed to cradle Tae’s broken body against him. “Here!

” He could hear the sounds of horses approaching, likely Kook was following his scent through the brush.

Tae’s blood was cooler than it should be as it seeped into Yoongi’s clothes, it didn’t take long for him to be soaked in it. He was mangled, how he had managed to fly was beyond Yoongi. He extended a shaking hand over his chest, instinctively trying to hold some of his life force inside his body. It was a vain effort, but he could not help but to do so, his urge to do something was bringing waves of anxiety crashing over him like a tsunami.

“I’m here.” He sobbed, carding his fingers through his messy curls. “I

Tae’s breaths came few and far between, and too shallow. The glow was all but gone from Tae’s eyes as he reached weakly up to caress Yoongi’s cheek, a fondness lingering in them in a likeness that Yoongi had never experienced before.

“Yes,” he smiled, “you did.” He breathed out slowly, closing his eyes.

“Rest now, my love. It's all right, the dark is gone...

I am here. I hold you…

I'll face down the world with you”

‘I Hold You’ by Clann

“Goddess…” Jimin breathed as he kneeled next to Taehyung's broken and mauled body.

“Jimin-shi...” Yoongi firmly called, seemingly snapping his scattered thoughts back into focus. Yoongi watched as he closed his eyes, rubbing his hands together, starlight beginning to pool between his palms.

 “He’s stopped breathing…” Yoongi croaked, rocking Tae in his arms, his own chest feeling like it was about to split open worse then the one he pointlessly tried to hold blood in. Seokjin’s arms were around him in a flurry, his large hands pressed against Yoongi’s chest as he wrapped himself around Yoongi’s back. His body gave no resistance, only support as he swayed with Yoongi. His face pressed against Yoongi’s shoulder he desperately tried  to take breaths through the pain.

Jimin leaned forward, his hands hovering over the twisted tissue that remained across Taehyung’s abdomen. Hoseok kneeled down on the other side of Tae’s lifeless body, his hand trailing up and down Yoongi’s forearm as he watched the dim light pour from Jimin’s hands.

A long moment passed, and then another. Yoongi’s eyes flicked to Jimin, who knitted his brow together completely, the veins of his neck starting to stand on attention.

Minutes passed like eons.

..” Yoongi whispered, the front of his body soaked with tears and blood, growing cold as Tae’s heat left them both.

Jungkook and Namjoon appeared, Jungkook wrapping himself around Jimin as tears started to leak from his closed eyes.

Hoseok’s hand landed lightly on Jimin’s hands “It’s...okay Jimin-shi…”

“You should stop..You're going to drain yourself completely..” Jungkook whispered.

Jungkook wrapped his hand swiftly around Jimin's dainty hand, “No,

, it could kill you..”

“Then so be it.” Jimin breathed, trailing his fingers down to his chest, a white  line of light forming as he drew his nails across his skin. Jimin tilted his face to the dawn kissed sky above them, his fingers dipping into the pool of light that had formed just below the surface of the skin. They all looked on in awe as starlight balled and sparked from where his fingers met his sternum.

Jimin sharply inhaled as he removed his fingers, a small white sparking flame cradled between them, his hand shaking as he collapsed weakly forward over Tae’s form in Yoongi’s arms. 

“My king..” He whispered, lightly pressing the small flickering flame into Tae’s sternum. It danced momentarily across it, before melting into him and disappearing. Jimin’s eyes closed slowly and his body went limp. 

“Jimin-shi!” Hoseok breathed, his hand squeezing Jimin’s as Jungkook hastily leaned  forward to press his hands to his face.

“He’s okay, he’s just fainted.”

There was another moment of silence, the weight of the situation seeping down around them like an ocean. Yoongi felt the black void of it suffocating him as he peered up into the pale yellow sunrise that had stretched up from the horizon. Soft white clouds played in the sun’s first light, glowing warm under its touch, and Yoongi finally stilled. His shaking hands came to finally rest on Tae’s chest, his mind taking him back to the moment they pierced the clouds together. He closed his eyes, lingering in that moment again with him, the caress of the wind against them, the calming sound of it across his wings. He felt the tears bubbling up from the spring of emotion welling up uncontrollably inside of him.

‘Goodbye..Tae-ah..’

He squeezed tight his eyes, a singular silent sob wrecking roughly through him, and Seokjin’s embrace grew tight around him. His hands ran circles across Yoongi's chest and his lips pressed into Yoongi’s hair as he tried to soothe the pain that rolled through him.

A sharp intake of air broke the silence that hung around them.

Yoongi’s eyes popped open, His mind focused on the two of them laid across his lap. Jimin had regained consciousness, his eyes full of tears and fondness as he peered up watching as Tae’s hand shifted to trail his fingers across Jimin’s cheek weakly.

“What...did you do..” he barely whispered, pain still evident in even the breathy tones he managed.

“What I had to do, my lord.” Jimin smiled.

“Jimi-” Tae’s exhaled.

“Lecture me later,” Jimin tried to rise, but faltered into Jungkook’s waiting arms, “Right now we need to get him to my father. I have nothing left to give and without further attendance we will lose him again.” He sounded exhausted,  rubbing his face as he spoke. 

“Where is your home Jimin-shi?” Hoseok shifted, pulling Tae’s arm around him to lift him from the floor of the forest and Yoongi’s arms.

“A hard day’s ride, North, the furthest peak in this range.” Jimin’s voice was so very strained, his ivory skin looking lifeless as he leaned weakly against Jungkook's chest.

“Half a day for me, I’ll bear him on my mount. Seokjin, help me lift him.” Seokjin rose quickly, Namjoon following, the pair of them lifting Tae into Hoseok’s waiting arms.

Yoongi remained frozen in place as he sat in the bed of bloodied pine needles, his mind and body still in a trance, unable to process everything that was happening. Suddenly Seokjin’s hands were on his face.

“Your highness, we have to go now…Yoon..” his thumbs sweetly trailed his cheeks as he peered into Yoongi's unseeing eyes.

Tae winced and groaned as Hoseok shifted him to take the reins Namjoon had presented. Yoongi felt a spark surge through him, and his eyes flicked to Tae.

“He’s alive..” Yoongi whispered, relief starting to wash over him, the daze ebbing quickly from his being.

“For now..but we must make haste.”

Hoseok urgently nudged his mount and they careened quickly into the pines ahead of them. Yoongi set his mouth in a straight line, rising quickly with purpose as he closed the distance between his horse and himself. In one swift movement he was in the saddle, and the pair of them were hot on Hoseok’s heels.

They rode hard. No rest for their horses as the sun climbed through the sky above them. Eventually they had managed to gather together again as Hoseok’s horse had slowed in it’s exhaustion. 

She finally refused to take another step as they broke the line of the last pines that grew at the base of the northernmost mountain. Choosing to lay instead, she dumped Hoseok and Tae roughly from her back as she laid panting against the dirt at their feet.

“Thank you, you’ve done well.” He ran his hand across her cheek softly.

Yoongi peered up at the silver mountain that towered above him, the white form of a stone castle carved into its face catching the light of the evening sun beautifully. Surrounded by snow-covered blue and silver mountain peaks, it was breathtakingly beautiful just like the fae who called it home.

“You can take my horse, I’ll carry Jiminie there.” Jungkook spoke quickly, already adjusting himself to pull Jimin and him from his mount.

“No,” Namjoon said gruffly, hopping from behind Seokjin and making his way to Hoseok, “it’ll take you another whole day to scale that mountain in human form, and your horse is already too tired to bear Tae’s weight. I’ll take him.” He turned and gestured to Seokjin, “Hoseok, ride with Seokjin.”

“Joonie, can you do that? You are not yet fully healed.” Seokjin’s voice was soft and riddled with worry.

“I've recovered enough for this.” He shifted, little shards of ice playing on the breeze as silver fur poured from him and he shook it loose.

“I’ll ride with him,” Jimin slid from Jungkook’s embrace before he could stop the fae, “I’m the lightest, and this is also my home. They won’t let Namjoon-shi in without me.” He waited patiently as Namjoon slid his muzzle under Tae’s body, delicately shifting his unconscious form till he was draped over his back. Then Jimin climbed onto the wolf's broad back himself, wrapping himself around Tae, his fingers twisting around handfuls of fur. The wolf tilted his muzzle to peer back over a shoulder at them both.

“He says hold on tight, pretty boy.” Seokjin chuckled.

Before Jimin could retort, the wolf lunged forward, already taking a pace faster than their horses had. Yoongi could tell by watching the way he ascended the sheer faces of the mountain before them, that he used to run wild in mountains just like these.

“He’s so fucking beautiful like that.” Seokjin whispered.

Yoongi leaned forward on his mount, nudging him ahead urgently, and off they went.

Clearly they had arrived safely before them because the city guards did not question their arrival. Instead they turned quietly and elegantly from the city gates, their brilliant silver armor catching the light like mirrors as they moved. They left their horses behind when motioned to, and followed in silence deeper into the city.

They passed quickly through the streets that layered their way up the mountain to the inner gates, where a new set of guards led them further still. Yoongi couldn’t help but admire the floral designs etched into the metal armor that twinkled like crystal. He found himself distracted, and to some degree he welcomed it, his body feeling almost drained from the events of the night. The worry that was still wreaking havoc on his insides met little resistance in his muscles at this point. He was bordering on exhaustion, only the sheer desire to ensure Tae was still breathing kept his feet moving.

Streets gave way to palace halls, aged white stone giving way to the pure white halls of it’s interior. The halls caught and reflected all the natural light that poured in from the plethora of windows. Yoongi squinted, somehow finding the inside glowing brighter than the evening light that had wrapped it outside. His eyes trailed over the ornate carvings that lined every column, trailed every window sill, and encased every grand doorway they passed through. Carvings of fae, carvings of men, carvings of magical beings that Yoongi did not recognize, and carvings of dragons.

Finally they spilled through a pair of thick wood doors painted the darkest and most beautiful blue Yoongi had ever seen in his life, his hand trailing across it lightly as he stepped through.

“Namjoon!” Seokjin exclaimed, hurrying forward.

Namjoon laid on the floor, presumably where he had collapsed, a white light pouring over him from the hands of an elderly man clad in a snow white kimono. The man moved his hands methodically up and down Namjoon’s form, his waist-length crystal white hair pouring over his shoulders as he moved.

Jimin shifted from cradling Joon’s head to allow Seokjin to take over, choosing instead to relax back against the stairs that led to the thrones behind him.

“You must be Lord Kim,” The man’s voice still held a surprising amount of youth  despite his demeanor and appearance. His eyes flicked to Hoseok and Jungkook who kneeled slowly next to Jimin, trailing after Hoseok’s hands as they carded through Jimin’s hair as he lay panting across the steps. “and you Lord Jung. How honored I am to have lords of men as guests in my home again.”

He removed his hands from Namjoon, smiling fondly down at him, “You have done well this day young man, your father would have been proud of you.” 

Namjoon blinked up at him. “Th-thank you, Your Majesty...Di-...Did you know him?”

“Oh yes.” The man smiled from ear to ear, leaning back onto his heels. “He was one of the King’s favorite generals, a ferocious warrior. Though it appears you have gotten your mother’s calm temperament. How is she?”

He patted Namjoon’s broad chest, “Good, good. I hope I’ll see her soon, it has been too long.” His kind pale blue eyes flicked up the Jungkook, who was inspecting the wound across his shoulder. The look on the fox's face clearly stated he was debating on the morality of licking it in this beautiful throne room.

“Come here child, let me tend to that.” He motioned in the air for Jungkook to move closer, and he did once Jimin smiled up to him and urged him forward.

“And you?” He spoke softly, catching on quickly to the timid nature of Jungkook’s being.

“Just a fox, My Lord, hailing from the marshes south of the great tree. My family is not one of note,” Jungkook mumbled, his eyes cast to the floor shyly.

“I have never met a Fox spirit that was not worthy of noting.” He smiled softly, looking very much like the sweetest uncle a person could have, as the white light ebbed from his hands.

A smile pulled at the corners of Jungkook’s mouth, “Thank you, Sire.”

“Where is he?” Yoongi called softly, his hands twisting in front of him. Clearly Tae had made it here or there would not have been such calm in this room, but that didn’t abate the anxiety rippling through him.

The man had leaned over Jimin, his hands reassuringly running over him, checking for wounds. Jimin raised a hand to still one of them.

“Father, may I introduce Prince Min Yoongi.” Jimin’s eyes shifted to Yoongi’s, smiling softly over the man’s shoulder at him.

“So you brought not two, but three princes home this day.” The man chuckled softly, turning on his heels to face Yoongi.

“It is a plea-..” He stilled his eyes growing wider as they took in Yoongi’s form before him. It was at that moment that Yoongi remembered his current state of appearance, covered from head to toe in mud and blood. His eyes shifted to the floor, and the mess he had left on the white floor around him. What a great first impression he was making.

Jimin’s father wordlessly rose, his son's eyes curiously trailing after him as he closed the distance between Yoongi and himself. Yoongi’s mouth moved to form more words, but before they could there were hands cradling his cheeks. The elder tilted his face up to look into his eyes, one after the other, so many emotions pooling in them. Yoongi should have been put off by the touch of a stranger, recoiling to somewhere safe, but he was not afraid. Without understanding why, he knew he was safe in these halls, and in this man’s embrace.

“Goddess be blessed…” The elder’s eyes trailed down the front of him, clearly taking in the copious amounts of blood that covered both skin and cloth, “Are you hurt child?” 

Yoongi shook his head, “It is not my blood,” he mumbled, tears starting to form in his eyes.

“Where is he?” Yoongi softly asked once more.

Jimin’s father knitted his brow together, his expression measured and thoughtful. “He is safe, our most skilled healers are mending his broken body. But it will take time, a lot was lost.”

“Your Highness, your knees!” Jimin moved so quickly, it was just a flurry of white as he kneeled in front of Yoongi, his hands hovering over his knees as he tried to summon light to them.

“Enough, you have done too much today,” his father admonished him, quickly brushing his hands aside to tend to Yoongi’s wounds himself. “I could have lost you..”

“Better me than him..” Jimin mumbled as he looked at the floor, clearly growing shy under his father’s admonishment.

Once his father had mended Yoongi’s shredded knees, he turned to face his son, his small aged hand caressing his cheek. “You are reckless like your mother.”

Jimin chuckled, “I’ll take the prince to his familiar now Father.” The elder nodded as Jimin rose and grabbed Yoongi by the wrist to lead him from the room.

“Tae-ah!” Yoongi breathed once Jimin led him into the room in which he laid. The healers surrounding the bed moved to the side as Yoongi barreled across the room to sit beside him. His hand immediately found its way to his chest, his heart only finding peace as he discovered Tae’s heart beat against his palm.

“We have done all we can, the rest is up to him.” They bowed to Jimin, and he bowed back as they silently left the room.

Jimin stood in silence as Yoongi sat staring at Tae, afraid to blink in case he might be gone from him once more.  Yoongi’s fingers shifted, noticing a difference below them, he peered down to Tae’s chest as his fingertips trailed across the new scars that drew pink acrossd it.

“It was the one thing he said as they started to work on him,‘leave them’..” Jimin’s voice was soft and full of reverence.

“Why?” he breathed.

“I’m not sure, but if I had to wager a guess from what I know of him and the warrior he is, I'd say he is proud of them.” Yoongi could hear the smile in Jimin’s voice.

he mumbled, his brows knitting slightly in the center.

“Why would he not be? He earned them protecting

Yoongi closed his eyes, his hand splaying across Tae’s ever warming chest.

‘Live. You hear me?’

Proud? Yoongi was the one who was proud, he had never felt more pride and fear than in the moment Tae stepped forth from them. The moment Yoongi saw a side of him had not seen before, the warrior. Sitting in that meadow and watching his black wings unfurl into the night as embers danced in the winds they crafted, watching the moonlight pour beautifully over his obsidian scales, filled him with a with possessive pride. Until the pride faded, and was replaced completely with a monsoon of fear and shame. He feared for Tae’s life, and he felt such shame at how powerless he was to aid him.

Instead of being strong enough to stand by his side and face all that threatened them together, Yoongi had to be pulled from the battle like a child and his heart was bitter from it. 

“I couldn’t protect him..when he needed me most..” he mumbled through a clenched jaw.

“He is more than capable of protecting himself, Yoon.” Jimin’s voice was surprisingly firm yet gentle. 

“I have to be able to do..

he is vulnerable because of...

Jimin moved to sit on the other side of the bed next to Tae, his hand laying gently on top of Yoongi’s, “He’s made stronger because of you, Yoon, and you

do something. But for the world to know balance, there needs to be more than just warriors in it.”

“But you atleast are a talented healer..”

, I am.” Jimin smiled, bobbing his shoulders with confidence, “-enough so it makes up for the fact that I am a

leader. Which is unfortunate seeing as how I am a Prince.” Jimin shrugged one shoulder lightly, as an eyebrow lifted slightly when he pulled his mouth downwards in mock dismay.

Yoongi gapped up at him, realization finally seeping in, “Shit..you are aren’t you? And I’ve been letting you wait on me hand and foot. Jim-”

“Oh shush,” Jimin squeezed his hand, “ I chose you, remember? I have been happy to serve in your household, my lord.”

Yoongi craned his eyebrows upwards curiously, “You chose me, Why?”

Jimin looked into his eyes now, they sparkled back at Yoongi, fondness and admiration swirling beautifully in them, “Because you are the leader I always wanted to be Prince Min, and one day you’ll be the King this world needs to be whole again.”

Yoongi turned his face away from him, his eyes trailing over Tae’s flushed face. The heat of embarrassment grew on his own under Jimin’s praise.

“You don’t know that.”

“I do, and I look forward to standing behind you the day You know it too.” The cheer in Jimin’s voice made him chuckle. He spoke with such confidence, Yoongi wondered what it was that he had seen in him that made him believe it so.

Hoseok craned his head up to bask in the moonlight that poured cooly across him, running his hands across his forearms as goosebumps formed under the caress of the mountain night air. He loved the mountains, though he had never been this far north in this range, which is a feat all in it’s own as he had travelled all over this continent. He paid no heed to borders or policy when he travelled, the world was made one by the goddess and broken by man, and it was not man he prayed to every night. She had made this world in all its glory, and Hoseok would be damned if he didn’t enjoy every scene she had generously crafted.

But of everything he had seen in his travels, the scene before struck him even more than even the great tree had. His eyes peered out over the glaciers rising high into the night and glowing icey blue under the moonlight. The icy mist clouded over the side of the mountain and twinkled like starlight as it rolled in the silver beams that pour generously over the landscape. 

‘Goddess, this is beautiful.’

He jumped only slightly as a white fur came to drape itself around his shoulders, turning his head to peer down with surprise at the fae who moved too quietly for even his deft hearing.

“You’ll catch a cold hanging about outside like that..” Jimin muttered shyly, turning to lean against the railing of the terrace next to him.

Hoseok smiled, pulling it over his shoulders more and leaning forward across the railing as well. He took it back, the thought he had just had. The sight of Jimin caught under the silver beams of the moon, the great snow capped stone mountain rising behind him with his eyes glowing blue into the night. That was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. 

“Thank you Jimin-shi, and Thank you for what you did for us, all of us the other night. Without you, we all would have not seen the morning. I realized... I never thanked you..” Hoseok trailed off as he saw pink forming on Jimin’s cheeks.

“And I never thanked you Lord Jung, for saving me what..two..

times that night?” Jimin turned his face slightly towards him, his lips pulling up in their corners as he spoke.

“Please call me Hoseok,” He turned to more fully face him as he spoke, “and it was nothing.”

“It most definitely was not nothing, the way you move,” Jimin peered up at him through snowy lashes, “-is

Hoseok blinked rapidly down at him, it was his turn now to feel his face growing heated against the night air. He caught his bearings quickly, reaching forward timidly to caress one of Jimin’s hands in his.

“I was going to say the same about you, that light that poured from you, I’ve never seen anything like it..”

Jimin’s turn to lose his train of thought, as he blinked rapidly down at their hands, his eyes following every movement of Hoseok's fingertips across them. 

Hoseok peered behind them back into the dinning hall they had come from, the ruckus that Seokjin was making as he was playfully admonishing Namjoon for hiding that he was a prince catching his attention.

“It’s been three nights,” Hoseok mumbled, “-he hasn’t joined us to eat.” Hoseok shifted towards the door, his fur falling from his shoulder as he did. “I should take the Prince some food.”

Jimin’s hands were quick from his, wrapping his fingers around the fur that had slipped from his shoulder. Hoseok turned his face back to him as Jimin stepped up close to him, adjusting the fur back over his shoulder, his hands lingering against his chest longer than they needed.

“I already did, Hoseok-ah,” Jimin spoke softly, his eyes glued to the bit of collarbone peering up from the neck of Hoseok’s tunic, “He’ll join us when he’s ready.”

“I’m worried about him.” Hoseok mumbled, his eyes all too focused on Jimin’s full lips as he spoke so closely to him.

“I know,” Jimin whispered, “He is your closest friend...he’ll be fine..once Tae-ah wakes..” Jimin’s eyes moved slowly to Hoseok’s mouth as he spoke. The fae shifted in front of him, seemingly rising on the balls of his feet. Then their whole world lit up green.

They both tilted their faces to peer up into the sky as great green and blue rivers of light began to run through its deep blue.

Out of his peripheral vision he saw Jimin smile ear to ear, his eyes fixed on Hoseok’s face.

“Wanna see something beautiful Hoseok-ah?” He cooed, leaning against Hoseok’s chest slightly as he spoke.

“I’m already seeing something beautiful.” Hoseok murmured, peering down at him from the corner of his eye.

Jimin giggled, balling his fist in Hoseok’s shirt for support as his other hand reached up into the air above them. His fingers moved gracefully through the air, pulling the streams of color from the rivers that ran above them, they danced effortlessly across the terrace surrounding them in light.

Hoseok’s eyes followed them, smiling from ear to ear as they danced playfully around them, before looking fondly back at the white haired fae before him. Jimin’s hand returned to resting next to the other against his chest, his blue eyes seeming to glow on their own as they gazed up at him.

“Kookie tells me... he thinks you're in love with me..” Jimin smiled coyly, his eyes returning back to Hoseok’s lips.

Hoseok smiled, raising his hand to caress Jimin’s face with the back of his finger tips, lavishing the sensation of being wrapped in his gaze, “You believe everything that Fox says?” he murmured with amusement.

Jimin craned his eyebrows upward playfully, “Should I not?”

Hoseok leaned closer to him, his attention on the pink lips that hung parted before him, “I never said that..”

Jimin closed the distance between them eagerly, their lips meeting roughly before subsiding to something much more gentle. Hoseok snaked an arm around Jimin’s tiny waist, pulling him tight against his chest, tilting his head back with his other hand to deepen their kiss.

Jimin’s touch was cool like the mountain air against him and Hoseok relished in it. They lingered there, the lights fading around them as they ran their hands across one another.

“It’s about damn time..” Jungkook’s voice came to them gruffly as he clearly talked around the third helping he was chewing on. 

Jimin laughed, pulling away from Hoseok’s mouth to peer shyly over the furs on his shoulder at Jungkook who leaned against the doorway to the terrace chewing on a hunk of chicken without manners.

“It was a lovely moment,

for interrupting.” Hoseok spoke flatly as he frowned at him

Jungkook raised both of his eyebrows as he ripped off another hunk of meat, “If you..didn’t want-” he sniffled as he spoke, “- an audience..you shouldn't have put on a pretty light show..” his lips smacking in between words.

Jimin giggled, squeezing Hoseok tightly,

Jungkook smiled widely at them both, as Hoseok wrapped his arms around Jimin’s shoulders and swayed them back and forth.

“The Prince just left,” both of their attentions shifted quickly back to Jungkook as he hurled the bone from the balcony and strode towards them, “-he grabbed more chicken and left... Must really like it.”

He draped his arms around both of them, his chin resting on Jimin’s head as fae giggled between them.

“Good, I’m glad he’s finally eating again.” Hoseok sighed, a smile forming as he nuzzled into his familiars cheek.

“I’ll make sure they make chicken every night till he asks for something else.” Jimin mumbled from between them.

“The lights were beautiful, though not as beautiful as you Jiminie.” Jungkook spoke softly as he swayed them both in his large arms.

“Stop it, you're making me blush.” Jimin cooed and they all chuckled, their breath rising like mist into the deep blue sky above them.

“Damn…” Yoongi exhaled as he savored the bite, “That’s a good bird.” 

Even after four nights of it as the main course at dinner, Yoongi was still spellbound by its flavor. He held a drumstick in front of his eyes, trying to see if he could recognize any of the herbs they had basted it with. His thoughts were broken by the bell like giggles of Jimin, he looked curiously over at him.

“I can get you the recipe if  You’d like Yoon.” Jimin smiled from ear to ear at him as he held the piece inches from his eyes.

He cleared his throat, adjusting in his seat to sit back and returning the poultry to his plate.

“Uh..yes..please..Thank you.” He mumbled, a little embarrassed.

“Jungkook reported today that he had spotted Royal Patrols in his travels,” Hoseok’s warm voice poured across the table at him, “-must be search parties.”

Yoongi sighed. He really hadn’t thought much about his home, or his throne since they had arrived. He’d been too focused on Tae’s recovery, waiting for him to awaken, till he couldn’t stand it. Until his worry as he sat near Tae’s sleeping form crawled under his skin to wrangle his heart and drove him from the room. But instead of focusing on what was awaiting him back home, he had found himself in a pile of books with Prince Jimin by his side teaching him the true history of this world. 

Jimin was a patient and thorough teacher, and they talked about everything, unfiltered and unbiased. Whenever Yoongi asked a question, Jimin never hesitated to give him an answer, and if he didn’t know it he would rise and wander off till he procured a book that held it. 

This uninhibited knowledge was something he had never experienced, he found his mind growing raw under the expanse of it all, but he loved it. He wanted more, wanted to know everything he could. He would point to creatures carved on the walls, or art of beings and places that hung around them, and Jimin would sweetly tell him everything he could. Jimin had even begun teaching him the language of the fae, which as Yoongi had discovered, was a common tongue used amongst most magical beings. It was also the language Jimin used to summon the starlight to his hands.

“It took them a week to reach this mountain..” Seokjin’s annoyance was not filtered from his voice as he rubbed his long fingers across his brow.

“Well, they likely didn’t start looking right away,” Namjoon poured the rest of his ale into his mouth, swallowing it all down at once, “probably only once the right lords started asking questions.”

Yoongi smirked, finding a little amusement in the fact that his absence was  likely causing his Uncle as much annoyance as it was Joy. 

“Those bears, They were a trap Yoon.” Namjoon’s heavy brow furrowed as he stared at Yoongi across the table from him. “You know that right, they set a trap for you.”

“I don’t think it started that way, I think there is something else going on, but the dynamic of what was happening in that clearing changed drastically once they identified the Prince was among us. He may not have started as the target, but he was in the end..before..” Soekjin trailed off, they had all been avoiding talking like this, all of them. Their eyes hinged on Yoongi like he was a stray cat that might recoil quickly from the room to never be seen again.

“Before he shifted and revealed he was a dragon..” he mumbled, “definitely a more valuable prize than the Crown Prince..”

He knew they were hesitant because Yoongi had grown anxious again. It had been over a week since that night and Tae had still not awakened. Today during his lessons Jimin paused mid sentence to rise, then wrapped himself sweetly around Yoongi’s shoulders, taking a long while to pet him soothingly till the tension in his body lessened under it.

A thin delicate hand appeared before him, as a small framed fae woman reached politely past him to retrieve his plate.

“Would you like more, My Lord?” she asked, her accent heavy in her use of the common tongue of man.

“No, Thank you.”

He responded with a bow, smiling up at her wide eyes as she tried to process that he had just spoken in her language. She smiled brilliantly from ear to ear, spinning smoothly from the table to place the dishes on a cart behind them.

“Seokjin, Send a raven to the Capital. Inform them that a member of our party was injured during our travels, and we will not be returning till all members are able...also another to Lord Gwan, tell him I want him to take my seat on the war council till then, and I’ll expect his true counsel upon my return.” Yoongi finished the ale that had been poured for him.

“That’s a bold move..” Hoseok’s eyes narrowed skeptically, “-can we trust him..”

“Only one way to find out.” Yoongi replied flatly, “We will have to root out the infection soon or later.” He ran a hand over his face, the weight of the reign that would be his started to creep back over his shoulders, making him feel fifty years older than he was. 

“You will, I know you will Yoon.” Jimin’s bright voice was full of light whenever he spoke, and he couldn’t help but smile when he heard it. There was a scrape of chairs and a clatter beside him and he turned to watch with amusement as Jimin slid himself around the table towards Hoseok. Yoongi glanced at Hoseok, who’s eyes smiled wickedly up at Jimin around the hand his face was resting in as Jimin drew near to him.

“What are you doing..” Hoseok quietly mumbled at him, a smile forming heavily on his lips as Jimin smiled ear to ear back at him.

“Whatever I want.” Jimin bobbed his head.

“Clearly.” Hoseok chuckled as he leaned back in his seat to make room for Jimin in his lap. Yoongi chose to look away as Jimin decided stradling Hoseok’s chuckling form was

“Goddess be blessed,” Seokjin exhaled, clearly amused and annoyed, “-get a room would ya?!”

Jimin pulled himself  from Hoseok's lips to peer wickedly down the table at the mockingly perturbed Seokjin, “I’ve waited a

long time to kiss this man, I’ll kiss him where I please. Plus,

,” Jimin raised both eyebrows gesturing around him as he spoke, “-this is

castle. In which you have been given a room you can retreat to if you do not like the view…

Namjoon snorted, choking on the remains of his ale, scooting away from the table to try to clear his throat as he laughed.

“Great now you killed my future husband, whatever shall I do? I’m too young to be a widower.” Seokjin dramatically waved his hand in the air as he spoke, though his comments did nothing to abate Namjoon’s laughter.

Namjoon composed himself, his large hand reaching up to squeeze Seokjin’s, “If anything’s gonna kill me my love, It’ll be your smart mouth and poor attitude.”

This time it was Yoongi and Hoseok who snorted, Hoseok having to lean Jimin back against the table as he rolled in laughter. Yoongi couldn’t help but laugh harder as Seokjin sat and looked utterly aghast at his familiar.

“You can sleep on the terrace tonight.” Seokjin hummed at the end.

Namjoon smiled from ear to ear, leaning forward in his chair to bury his face into Seokjin’s neck, “Only if you’ll keep me warm.”

“Quit it..” Seokjin giggled, batting him away.

The laughter faded from Yoongi, his happiness turning bitter sweet as his thoughts returned back to Tae. He smiled fondly to himself, glad at least in all of this, those he loved were finding happiness. That alone made every burden he’d carry worthwhile.

“Well,” He pushed himself from the table and rose, “I’d better turn in.” He looked poignantly over at Jimin who had craned his head backwards to quizzically look at him, “ Thank you for the chicken again tonight Prince Jimin.” he bowed and turned from the room.

It had only been a week here, and he had learned the palace halls well already. Retaining knowledge of it’s inner workings had come very easy to him, having explored many of them when Jimin had been occupied with other things. Which was quite often for a man who said he wasn’t a fit king. Yoongi chuckled to himself.

He hummed, pausing as he passed a door that hadn’t been open before. He concluded it must have been left open by accident and stepped through the threshold to close it. A flash of bronze in the candle light he had shifted as he moved caught his eye and he looked up at the very large framed painting across the room. The bronze dragons that were carved into its thick frame drawing his eye first, then those who stood depicted across the canvas claimed all of it.

He stood there in that doorway for a long moment, his eyes growing wider and softer with each passing moment, his hand lingering on the handle to the door. Finally he smiled to himself, looking back at the floor as he turned from the room and drew the door closed behind him.

"I Hold You" by Clann

It didn’t take him too much longer before he was at Tae’s side again, settling down on the large lounge that lingered under the windows across from his bed. He groaned too much when he moved now, something he had identified in the stillness of this particular palace. Clearly being almost thirty was starting to have an effect on him, one that made him unconsciously groan whenever his knees or lower back needed to complete any task at all.  He chuckled to himself, wondering what forty was going to feel like, until a groan claimed all of his attention.

He rose quickly, seating himself on the edge of Tae’s bed as he rolled uncomfortably in it. Tae’s brow was furrowed, a sweat forming across his skin as he tossed and squirmed. Yoongi looked down at his form, his hands hovering over him unsure of what he should do, taking note of Tae’s fist balling tightly in the bedding around him. Tae let out another long and pained moan, his teeth gritting and fangs extending as his lips pulled tight in a grimace.

“Shhhh..I’m here..” Yoongi moved before he could think, his hands on either side of Tae’s face, his body momentarily calming below them before another wave of whatever Tae was experiencing rolled through him. Yoongi's chest became so tight like he had swallowed a whole pound of iron and it was suffocating him as it rusted his insides. He felt helpless, and he was so very tired of feeling helpless.

“Yoongi.” Tae groaned, an expression of fear and pain forming on his face. Yoongi felt his whole being still, everything down to his core, his name on this man’s lips hit him differently than anything else ever had.

Then it all came rushing back at once, and Yoongi couldn’t stand it, the way Tae was moving, the pain that was radiating off of him, and when his name left Tae’s lips again he found himself moving without thought or care once more. He crawled across the bed to him, wrapping himself around Tae’s body, his leg draped over his waist and his hands in his hair. He placed his nose against Tae’s neck, running it upwards till the tip grazed his ear, relief washing through him as he felt Tae’s being relaxing under him.

“I’m here Tae-ah,

Tae’s lips parted, a long slow breath escaping them as his head tilted back revealing the length of his neck below Yoongi’s lips. Yoongi closed his eyes, taking in a slow deep breath as the heat he had missed so much the last few weeks began to roll over them both. He furrowed his brows, because as nice as it was, it wasn’t hot enough. He felt an itch forming in his skin, and a new kind of anxiousness in his chest, a craving to be burned alive in this moment.

He opened his eyes, and they fell on the red that had painted Tae’s cheeks, becoming acutely aware of the heavier rate of his breathing against him. Yoongi moved again without thinking, parting his lips to lightly sink his teeth into the side of Tae’s neck, a breath shuddering through both of them as he did. Yoongi closed his eyes again, his tongue lightly trailing across Tae’s skin that he held gently between his teeth, thoroughly and intoxicatingly out of his mind as the scolding heat burned through him and licked his soul. Instantly Tae stilled, all the pain in his face fading to peace, though his breath still came heavy and staggered. 

Yoongi released him, his consciousness returning to him and embarrassment flooding him once more. He tilted his face to rest the bridge of his nose against the moist skin where his teeth had been.

Tae whispered now, his chest rising and falling dramatically as he lay in Yoongi's arms.

Yoongi pulled a hand from his hair, splaying his fingers across the skin of his chest. He loved the warmth of Tae’s skin against his palm.

"Ssshh...I'm here...it's okay...you're okay…" Yoongi chanted against him, continuing to do so as Tae's arms wrapped around his waist and his breathing started to slow.

The heat was even between them, burning slow and hot  like a well tended to fire, it's sensation poured over Yoongi like an opium cloud. He felt his eyes growing heavy as the rhythm of Tae's breaths and matching heavy heartbeat started to lull him to sleep.

Tae sat up quickly, too quickly, he winced with a sharp intake of breath as he rapidly blinked to adjust his eyes to the brightness of the room around him. He looked down across himself, his fingers trailing the faded pink scars that decorated his torso. He found no healing wound, and yet his body ached, even when he had slept all that time unmoving he hadn't ached like this.

He took a deep breath in, his nose flaring as he caught the scent of the still fresh breakfast sitting on the nightstand beside him. He smiled, leaning slowly over to pick up the sunny side up egg and toss it back into his mouth.

"He brings you food, everyday, before

He paused mid-motion of adding another egg to the back of his throat, his eyes scanning the room to find the source of the familiar voice. The old man sat leaned against the back of the lounge, his face in his hand as he peered thoughtfully out the window to the courtyard below.

Tae swallowed roughly, trying to clear his mouth of food, "Your son is very sweet, Your Majesty and tends to me very well."

"He is as tender as he is reckless, like his mother," he spoke flatly, eyes still fixed out the window, "-but he is not the 'he' I am referring too." His eyes finally rolled slowly to peer out their corners at Tae. "-and call me Uncle, child, you wound me by using such formality."

Tae smiled, shoving more food in his mouth as he shifted painfully slow to sit on the edge of the bed. He looked around the room with wide eyes, taking in all the familiar details, "I know this room.." he mumbled as he chewed.

"It was your mother's, I thought you might take comfort in its familiarity." The elder let his gaze fondly trail across it's features along with Tae, "I left it untouched, all these years it's remained as she left it, besides what your curious prince has touched of course."

Tae's eyes met with his again, anxiety starting to pool in the pit of his stomach realizing he had no idea the outcome of the night before and what kind of state Yoongi might have been in.

"Funny," the elder smiled with his eyes, though his voice didn't portray amusement as much as it did curiosity, "-that was the first thing he said to me too."

The man's gaze drifted back out the window as the sound of Jimin's bell-like laughter mixed with Yoongi’s and fell upon Tae's ears like music.

"You know he never stopped believing you lived, which was fueled of course by how passionately Rhe'Anna would claim it so, between the two of them it kept the fire of hope burning in me for so long." He rubbed his aged fingers across his lips and down through his long straight white beard as he spoke, "I had selfishly hoped that this fire that drove my son from this castle to find you was stirred because he was your mate called to bring you home, but when I beheld Prince Min in my gaze I knew that was never the goddess’ plan."

"Why do you think that?" Tae smiled ruefully over at him, even though the old man gave him the most unimpressed look.

"Why? Your eyes tell me why. The scars across your chest tell me why. Goddess, I'm too old for games child, so let's just admit we both know the truth of your heart even if your mind can't yet will your lips to speak it." His tone grew exasperated and admonishing, and Tae's smile grew wider under it.

"Well I'm sorry to disappoint you, Uncle." He said the title sweetly kicking his feet like a child and the old man couldn't help but swoon under the endearment. When his eyes softened like that all Tae could see was the reflection of his son.

"Don't be, My heart still swells with joy as it seems as though my son has found his match in another." He smiled again as he peered out the window, and another round of bell-like laughter drifted in on the breeze that filtered through its crack sill.

A long moment passed of them enjoying the happy noises that filtered in from below them before he spoke again.

"I never thought I'd see you again child.."

"I never meant to return.." Tae spoke softly, his gaze on the fur rug that lined the floor between them. "What point was there, I was alone.."

"As long as I breathe Prince Taehyung, you will never be alone or without family." His tone was very firm as he spoke and Tae felt himself cringe at the guilt his words brought to his heart.

"I didn't want to burden you.." Tae was whispering at this point, " I was just an orphaned boy, orphaned once again, I had no place in this world when they passed."

"I loved your mother like she was my very own sister, child, we grew up in this castle together and I was there the day she became queen and I was also there the day she came back from the forest with you in her arms. It doesn't matter how you came to them, you are their son Kim Taehyung and your place is on the throne they left to you." The king shifted on the lounge to full face him, kindness wrapping around the wisdom that radiated off of him. His hands had stilled in his beard, his fingers playing with the jewel Tae knew his mother had given him an age ago.

"I'm a warrior," Tae said gruffly, running his hands across his face and through his hair, "-not a king."

"Who said that isn't exactly the kind of king we need in the world we live in now."

Tae sighed, "My sister was meant to rule, not I. She was the politician, she was the born child."

"And yet, the Goddess sent them you, and when the time came she chose to call them home and not you." The King thoughtfully paused, "-no matter how much you wanted to die she would not claim you. Even when my son brought your broken body back into this castle, you still breathed."

Tae tsked, knitting his brow as he leaned forward onto his knees, "I still breathe because your son foolishly chose to call upon ancient moon magic."

"We have both now agreed he is reckless, but you've missed the point child." 

"And what's that?" Tae spoke more harshly than he meant, tsking and frowning at himself as the words left his mouth.

"Who do you think inspired him to leave the only home he'd ever known to find the rightful king no one had seen in almost eight hundred years?" He raised his eyebrows expectantly at Tae, "Who if not the goddess herself?"

child, it's high time you finally stood your ground and faced the truth of your destiny." The King's silver brow knitted fully together as he spoke, a frown pulling at the corners of his mouth. 

They sat in silence for a long moment, before the old man sighed long and low, sliding his hands across his thighs as he rose from the lounge. He came and sat gently beside Tae, his hand lightly wrapping around Tae's as he peered back out the window.

"Take the Crown, child. Take the crown and become the king you were born to be." His voice was soft and low, pride oozing from every word.

"I never wanted to be king."

"Neither did I, but I looked around one day and realized those I loved needed me to be king, and a good one at that." He chuckled.

"No one needs me to be king, Uncle Park."

"Not even your prince?" He turned to face him, his light blue eyes swimming in a gentle fondness that reminded him so much of his mother's.

Taehyung sighed. He wasn't wrong. If he was king, there would be so much more that Taehyung could do to support Yoongi. So much more he could do to protect him.

He ran his free hand over his face roughly, “Who would pledge their allegiance to me now? After so long…”

“You’d be surprised.” The elder smiled coyly, reminding him very much of Jimin in that moment.

Tae raised an eyebrow, “I’m assuming you have it, don’t you?”

“Have what, child?” His eyes smiled and portrayed his game.

“I thought you were too old for games, Uncle?”

The king laughed lightly, his eyes sparkling in the natural light that poured over him, “I’m too old for your games. Not my own.” He laughed harder as Tae heavily rolled his eyes at him, “Yes, Yes. Your father’s crown resides here. Tonis brought it to me after Rhe’Anna passed, before making the journey across the veil to join those he missed so desperately.”

Tae’s eyes fell heavily closed, the emotion of the truth he already knew flooding through him. Now he was truly the last.

“How did she die?” Tae asked, though he was unsure of if he wanted to know. Rhe’Anna was his first friend, his truest one over the ages. They had fought through and survived to still breath at so many mornings side by side.

“We don’t know,” The Elder’s brows knitted fully together in the center, his eyes growing narrow as he spoke, “-all we know is what we were told.”

The King sighed, his free hand combing through his beard again, “That she was executed for the crime of regicide, having slain her Queen and master in her very bed..whi-” He quieted his eyes following the shadows that grew and arched across the walls of the room around them. A soft rumble started to build upon itself in the floor beneath them.

“They...what…” Tae’s voice was simply a snarl as he spoke from his hand that draped over his face.

and told the world she had burned her master alive in the bed in which she slept.” The king’s voice had grown thick with anger itself.

“Child…” The elder finally spoke after a few moments of heavy silence, “-there have been many atrocities upon your kind, my kind, and all other magical beings in this world since you laid down to rest. You will hear them, and you will mourn, and you will feel the poisonous call of hatred. But you must remember, the weight of your crown is both a blessing and burden.”

“What is the blessing..”

“That you will have the power to change everything...to protect us that have needed you for so long now…” The king paused again, “-to protect

“I will be a shite King..” Tae chuckled.

“Aye,” The king laughed as well, “Your father had a foul temper himself, and when I saw the disdain you held for this world already as a child I knew you would be the same. But you know what made him such a great King?”

“What was that, Uncle?”

Young Prince.” The elder turned and smiled with his whole being at him, “His mate made him the king we would, and did follow, anywhere.” He squeezed Tae’s hand and rose from the bed, making his way to the door.

“Uncle?” Tae called softly, and he paused in the door humming back at him.

“It’s what family does, child.”

“So let me get this straight,” Yoongi held up a hand and Jimin smiled as he paused mid sentence for him, “-the language of fae’s..

per say, but more like a tool. A conduit if you will. Through the word we channel intent and give it life.” Jimin raised his eyebrows, a smile forming on his lips as Yoongi’s expression was one of concentration.

“Let me show you..” Jimin waved his hand over the stones of the courtyard that lay below them, he spoke a singular word, a word that Yoongi recognized as ‘flower’. He watched as beautiful little bushes bloomed up from between the cracks in the stone, each little branch adorned with little flowers that looked like white wool in the light. Jimin picked a little twig from the small flowering bush, and smiled to himself.

“Hoseok-ah!” He called, and Hoseok immediately turned from sparring with Namjoon to walk over and squat near them.

“Yes beautiful?” His smile was layered with charm as he peered fondly at Jimin. Who only smiled bigger and leaned forward to tuck the twig in the hair behind his ear.

“For luck.” Jimin chimed, the smile he wore squinting his eyes.

“I’ll wear it proudly.”

 Jimin giggled as Hoseok winked at him.

“So the word is the thing?” Yoongi said through a smile.

Jimin nodded, “Some of us need only think of the word and fill it with intent for the magic to flow, others need to speak it out loud, and some others need to yell it with conviction.”

They shifted slightly as the clink of metal against stone caught their attention, they turned with curious eyes to see Jungkook setting down a tray full of tea and muffins.

“I made your favorite Jiminie!” He spoke brightly like an excited child.

“Oh you did, did you?” Jimin leaned forward blinking sweetly up at the fox spirit who may or may not have blushed as he poured the tea politely.

“Where’s my favorite?” Hoseok flatly mumbled.

“I didn’t make you any,” Jungkook passed the tea to Jimin who smiled as he glanced between them and blew on it to cool it.

“Huh,” Hoseok chuffed, rolling his tongue across his lips as he stared at his attitude filled familiar, “-you seem to be

on Jimin-shi lately Kook.”

“Can’t help it, I feel what you feel Hobi-ah.” He said with a small smile.

“Oh?” Jimin raised his eyebrows playfully, “-is that the only reason?”

Even Hoseok smiled as Jungkook blushed a deeper shade of red.

“What an interesting dynamic you three are forming.” Yoongi mumbled amusedly as he accepted the tea Jungkook passed him with a small bow.

Jungkook frowned, tossing a goat skin full of water at Hoseok, “If you are sparring you should drink water instead.”

Hoseok feigned being touched, “Awe, you

“Of course I lo-..” he trailed off as a sword came to meet his throat. His eyes followed it up to a rather intense looking Namjoon.

“Hoseok is too busy flirting to spar, why don’t you test your metal against me Kook?” He growled with a smile.

“Are you sure?” Jungkook smiled ruefully at him, “ Last time you got mad because you were too slow..”

Namjoon snarled, shifting his blade, but Jungkook was indeed fast, rolling backwards and out across the courtyard they went.

Hoseok continued to mutter sweet nothings to Jimin, who giggled louder and louder under them as he sweetly shared some tea with Hoseok.

Yoongi picked up a different book and thumbed curiously through it. This was one he had pulled from Tae’s room when he had recognized the word for dragon etched into its spine. He paused, eyeing Seokjin as he shifted slightly in his lap, but he stilled and  returned quickly to his nap.

Yoongi stilled on a particular page, one that depicted two beings interbound. The faded paper was painted with words he couldn’t quite understand, but he couldn’t pull himself from the curiosity that washed over him as his eyes trailed over the pair arched beautifully together. 

“Jiminie?” He called setting the book between them, “What are these pages about?”

Jimin hummed as he turned, his face slightly pinking as he looked down at the book, “Oh, well that’s-”

“looks like fucking to me..”  Hoseok mumbled tilting his head to the side as he peered down at it.

Jimin’s eyes flicked quickly to him, blinking several times, “That’s um,

” He pointed at Hoseok who smiled though he didn’t look away from the book. Jimin returned to looking at Yoongi as he picked the book up and flipped it to be rightside up for Yoongi.

“This isn’t sex,” Jimin said giving Hoseok side eye, “these pages depict the mating ritual of Dragons.”

“So..Sex..” Hoseok mumbled, chuckling as Jimin swatted him.

“No. Mating is different, though not necessarily separate I’ll admit.” Jimin bobbed his head as he spoke, “Mating is an old magic ritual in which two beings bond their souls together. All magical beings have their own ritual they complete when they have found their mates.”

Yoongi hummed thoughtfully, his eyes still appraising the pages.

“It appears as though dragons,” Jimin continued, “include the act of penetrating the skin of one another’s necks with teeth to mark their mates and blend their souls.”

“Blend their souls?”

“Yes,” Jimin paused, considering his words, “-when one takes a mate it’s sacred. It binds one’s self to another in ways no other could ever possibly break. Not even death itself, as they will find each other once more in the grey meadows that await us. So in that moment, when the pair perform the ritual, a piece of themselves is poured into the other, and vice versa."

Yoongi hummed thoughtfully again.

"So what do Fae do..when they um.." Hoseok bobbed his head to the book, clearing his throat.

Jimin rolled his eyes as he smiled at him, "Think of the lights on the terrace, but

." He made a little explosion with his hand as he giggled at Hoseok's raised eyebrow and smirk.

Yoongi ran his fingertips across the aged pages, his mind wandering back to how quickly Tae had relaxed under the pressure of his teeth the night before. Then he quickly closed the book, his cheeks flushing slightly as he drummed his fingers across the hard leather cover. He scolded himself internally for unconsciously and inadvertently doing something not only incredibly intimate, but also bordering on sacred to Tae's restless sleeping self.

Tae was simply his familiar, nothing less nor nothing more. He needed to remember not to pervert the bond between them, and take it for exactly what it was. A bond between Master and servant.

'Yours...I've always been yours…'

Yoongi squeezed his eyes closed tightly, trying to push Tae's heated words from his mind before they did what his honey voice always did, and melt him from the inside out.

“Oh...You’re awake..” Yoongi remained where he had frozen in place, just inside the threshold of the door to Tae's room. His heart started to beat faster, a smile forming without thought across his face as he stood staring at Tae.

He was propped up against the headboard of his massive bed, piles of papers and scrolls layered around him, a thick black velvet robe hanging loosely from him. 

"Yes,  for most of the day now.." Tae sighed lightly as he tossed the stack of documents to the side and fondly smiled at Yoongi.

Yoongi cleared his throat, the realization that he was standing and gawking like a fool hitting him hard. He bowed his head to hide the heat rising in his cheeks as he moved to set the dinner he had plated for Tae on his bedside stand. 

"How do you feel?" Yoongi asked as he set the tray down lightly and sat on the edge of his bed, turning once he sat to run his hand across Tae’s forehead and cheek.

“Sore.” Tae said flatly, a smile pulling at the corners of his lips, Yoongi looked at them a moment too long and pulled himself back from Tae. He cleared his throat and went about tearing off a chunk of chicken for Tae, he leaned back towards him holding it with his fingers in front of Tae’s lips.

“You should eat..” Yoongi paused, raising his eyebrows in surprise at Tae’s smirk, “What!? It’s really good. Try it..” Yoongi pushed his fingers closer to Tae encouragingly.

Tae leaned forward slightly and took the offered meat gently, chewing slowly as he smirked at Yoongi.

“Is this really the treatment of a familiar?” Tae softly teased him, leaning his head on his own shoulder as he watched Yoongi tear more chicken for him to eat.

Yoongi could feel embarrassment threatening to crawl across his neck and cheeks, but he swallowed it down quickly. He turned again with more chunks of meat for Tae, avoiding his eyes as he held it out for him.

“It is for the Prince’s familiar, especially when they almost die..” Yoongi paused, his decision to watch Tae’s mouth proving to be a perilous one as his lips brushed against Yoongi’s fingertips.

“Correction,” Tae smiled, “I

Yoongi looked away from him, between the weight of sadness of the memories that still felt fresh in his body and the heat that was forming between them again he felt like he was spinning. His eyes fell to the bed around them and the mountains of documents and aged paper that surrounded them.

“What’s all this?” Yoongi asked softly.

“This?” Tae gestured to the piles, “Oh this, Well, King Park brought them for me. They are all the records of the time that passed since I..left.. All that time ago. He thinks it’s prudent of me to read all of it, so here I have sat reading everything that has occurred in my kingdom in the last age..”  he smiled fondly as he held up a scroll. 

“Your kingdom..” Yoongi whispered, the fact that Jimin had referred to him as ‘my king’ suddenly refreshing itself in his mind.

“Well..not yet,” Tae leaned forward to grab a scroll as he spoke, and Yoongi found himself very much distracted by his shoulder that became exposed under the movement, “-but soon if that old man has his way.” Tae laughed lightly to himself.

Yoongi closed his eyes, the sound of Tae’s laughter swept through him like a tsunami. Relief and sadness poured over him again as he began to process the fact that it was a very real possibility that he could have never heard it again. Tears came hard and fast to his eyes, spilling over their thresholds and waterfalling across his cheeks. He leaned forward against Tae’s shoulder, his hand finding Tae’s that had set itself next to his thigh.

“I thought I lost you..” Yoongi choked out, he squeezed Tae’s hand tightly as a sob rattled him.

Tae’s hand gently cupped the back of his neck and he was moving before his mind could recognize it, but  he quickly realized he didn’t mind in the slightest. Tae pulled Yoongi’s upper body across his chest, Yoongi’s cheek resting just below his collarbone on the farthest side of him. Tae wrapped an arm around his shoulders, the other carding fingers through Yoongi’s straight dark hair as he sobbed gently against him.

“I know..” Tae whispered against Yoongi’s forehead.

Yoongi stretched up his arm, wrapping his fingers around Tae’s neck as he shifted himself upward to press the bridge of his nose against Tae’s neck. The touch of it against his nose brought him such comfort, ebbing the sadness that rippled through him so much it was intoxicating. The air did as it always did between them and grew hot, seeping into Yoongi like the sun on a hot summer day. HIs skin burning everywhere Tae’s fingertips met skin.

“I missed you..” Yoongi breathed, nuzzling his nose slightly.

Yoongi could hear the smile even in Tae’s hushed tones, he nodded as his fingertips lightly swirled the curls at the base of Tae’s neck around them.

“So much it hurt.”

Tae’s face shifted as he pressed it into Yoongi’s hair, leaning them both back against the headboard behind him.

“Well..we can’t have that can we..” This time he spoke with a deep rich voice, one Yoongi hadn’t heard before. He found his heart rate and breathing changing quickly as it washed over him like a hot bath. Tae’s freehand moved from his hair to running itself up the outside of Yoongi’s thigh and across his side, splaying itself between his shoulder blades before working itself back down his spine.

Yoongi swallowed roughly, retracting his nose from Tae’s neck. There it was again, that tone, it was covering every inch of him in a heat that had him feeling the need to gasp for air. His movement from Tae didn’t go unnoticed, as his whole body went rigid below him. He felt the twinge of guilt as it pierced through him. He was being careless, borderline using Tae for comfort after everything he had been through. It was a selfish train of thought to take so much from his familiar, knowing he would oblige because their bond beckoned him too.

He leaned up and away from Tae, a different kind of sadness gripping him tight in its clutches now. The idea came to him that one day Tae would find a mate, and it would never be him. It hadn’t escaped him that Jimin had mentioned very fervently that a mate is something instantly recognized, and that was never a moment Tae encountered with Yoongi. After almost four months by each other's sides, the bond that they had was all they were meant to have. So to lay in his arms, and let his familiar comfort him in the ways that Yoongi wanted him too, was self indulgent and not fair to either of them.

The image of Tae intertwined with another in such a beautiful way popped malignantly into his thoughts, and he leaned forward to rub his face hard enough to press them from his consciousness. He had no business being bothered or concerned about such matters, and he needed to pull himself together.

“I’m..sorry..” Tae spoke so very softly, concern and confusion layering his voice. Yoongi tilted his head in his hand to peer one eye over at him. Tae lingered behind him, with his back still pressed against the headboard, his hand hovering unsure in the air between them as his eyebrows pulled together in the center.

to be sorry for.” Yoongi spoke sternly, Tae’s eyes flicking immediately to his as he lowered his hand slowly, “I was reckless, and powerless, and you saved me and everything I have ever loved.”

“I am the one who is sorry,” Yoongi breathed hard against the tears that threatened to return to his cheeks, “I am your master, and I am their future king. I should take care to make wiser choices so as to not cost any of you your lives. I am sorry Tae, I am sorry I was powerless to aid you. Powerless to protect you.”

Tae’s eyes narrowed, a fist forming in the hand Yoongi could see.

“It is not your job to protect me, I am the servant here remember..” Tae’s tone carried an emotion with it that Yoongi couldn’t identify in the swirling heat and sadness between them, but he knew he didn’t like the way it felt. It made him want to reach out and soothe Tae, to run his hands across him and reassure him of his heart. He tsked to himself, curling his fingers in his own hair tightly as to keep them in place. “If I die for you then I will have done my duty, no need to shed tears over a dog who’s done it’s bidding well.”

Hurt. It was hurt. Yoongi’s eyes widened and he sat up quickly, shifting to reach for Tae but he retracted subtly from him and it gave him pause. Tae’s eyes drifted out over the darkened room, their glow burning bright like candle light.

“I should rest more, my lord.”

It was polite, so very polite. But his words cut through him, because they were empty. The heat fell flat between them and left the air around them cold and uninviting. Yoongi let his hand fall, turning to rise from the bed. 

“Please at least eat your dinner Tae-ah..” He mumbled glancing at the chicken before turning to head for the door.

“As you wish, my lord.”

Yoongi felt his face physically wince as he closed the door behind him.

That was the first night he dreamt of Tae. It was a dream that burned through him slowly, the sound of the large fireplace they had laid near crackled still in even his waking mind. He was gasping for air as he leaned forward across his knees, his skin moist from the heat that had burned through him under his covers. None of it stemmed from fear, but from arousal, an arousal that consumed him whole.

He ran his hands across his face, the vividness of his dream still playing clearly through his thoughts. How Tae had laid him out across thick furs, the feeling of his skin as it pressed against Yoongi’s. His long fingers digging into the flesh that incases Yoongi’s body as his hands methodically rolled across him and easily made his back arch under them.

His hand lingered with his fingertips shakily trailing across his lips, closing his eyes as he thought of the feeling fresh in his mind of Tae’s wrapped passionately around them. If that’s what Tae’s lips actually felt like, then their embrace would be sweeter than anything Yoongi had ever felt against him in his life. His mind continued to replay the scene it had imagined for his sleeping self, his thighs starting to ache as he recalled what it had felt like to have Tae wrap them around his waist.

He let out a shuddered breath as he ran the heel of his palm across them, trying to soothe the ache gnawing at his muscles and making his skin turn way too sensitive to touch.

The part that had him the most breathless, beyond Tae’s husky moans against his skin, or the glow of his eyes as they burned through him. Beyond the feeling of the dragon’s tongue across all the sensitive parts of his chest, or his nails that dug into flesh of his upper inner thigh. The part that had sent him gasping for air was when Tae’s free hand carded then curled around handfuls of Yoongi’s hair, pulling his head back to press his teeth into Yoongi’s exposed neck.

The pressure of his fangs across his throat had made him arch against Tae, calling out his name fervently begging him to sink them in as deep as he could.

Yoongi opened his eyes, they trailed across the room but he was not seeing what they took in. Instead he was searching his memory as the heat of embarrassment caught like fire across him. Had he called that out loud? 

He clenched them closed tightly as he realized that in fact  he had, that act of it bringing him from his dream. He looked at the door, noticing it was still locked and he hoped no one was near enough to hear him call Tae’s name so passionately.

The wind shifted in the room, cold mountain air kissing his skin and bringing him goosebumps. He hummed questioningly as he turned to face the wall of windows, noticing one slightly ajar. He frowned a little, rising to shuffle sleepily to it. 

He reached through the sill grabbing the handle to pull it close, but he paused furrowing his brow. Try as he might, he couldn’t remember when he had opened it. In fact he was cold when he went to bed, so he wouldn’t have opened it to let in the icy air around the castle.

‘It must not have been latched.’

He shrugged, coming to the conclusion it had likely not been closed all the way and had been pulled upon by the playful breeze outside. He turned from the window, grogginess starting to seep back into him as he made his way back to his bed.

He paused momentarily, his fingers moving feather light across the ivory keys of the piano positioned there under the windows.  He mindlessly played the tune he always played,  the one he was never taught but always knew.  His mind returned to its original track of torturing him with his hedonistic imagination. 

He flopped down onto his bed in a huff, the waves of sleep starting to catch hold once more. He lifted his fingers to his lips, tracing across them feather light as the only words Tae had spoken to him in his dream played over and over in his mind.

“All that you are is all that I’ll ever need”

The forest was alive around them, alive and wild. Taehyung could feel it’s electricity sweep across his skin as the spring mountain air pooled heavily around him, he could feel it vibrating in the loose dirt and new baby blades of green grass beneath his bare chest that lay pressed against the earth, and he could hear it in the orchestra of fauna that filled the forest with the sweet sounds of their own heavenly songs.

Even though spring had begun to warm the lower altitudes of the mountains, the forest growing greener by the day, it was still cool enough that you could see your breath caught white in the sun. He felt Yoongi's small body shiver against him, his teeth slightly chattering as he exhaled. Sometimes he really forgot just how hot his blood ran that such things failed to phase him, choosing to wander the woods in nothing but his black silk pants. As much as he enjoyed the spring air cooling his body, he enjoyed the flustered looks that often painted Yoongi’s features as he tried to cope with his shirtless form more.

He had found such joy in the last week, teasing Yoongi every chance he got. He had never realized just how much fun the chase could be, never having found any worthy pursuit before. He had several partners over the ages; they were occasional, and they were superficial. All of them garnishing his kindness and respect, none of them coming even close to touching his heart. None of them were able to stir his soul from it’s long  darkened slumber. None, but the man who lay quietly shivering beside him, stomach pressed into the spring earth, eyes scanning the mists around them. That fact alone solidified the one truth Tae had ever been certain of in his entire long existence.

Prince Min Yoongi was his mate.

He watched as Yoongi perpetually tried to keep distance between them, constantly denying himself of the cord that was continually pulling them together. This pull was so very strong between them, and became even stronger now that Tae had set his mind and heart in the same line, like two stars caught in orbit together swirling ever closer to one another in the void of life. This urge, this energy, this cord pulling so very taunt between them, was so strong that when Yoongi wasn't mindful his body would start unconsciously leaning towards Tae's until his mind caught awareness of it and he would shift awkwardly away.

All the while Tae watched on amusedly, at this point he was growing curious as to how long Yoongi could deny himself, could deny the truth and sheer depth of their bond. He didn't mind, he was a patient beast. He waited over fifteen hundred years for him to stumble into his life, and they had so much time still. He would wait, wait for Yoongi to fall willingly into his embrace and even more willingly into his bed. At least, he would try. 

He smiled as Yoongi clenched his jaw to keep from chattering his teeth as they laid on their stomachs in the underbrush. He eyed him out of the corner of his eye, then smirked wickedly to himself as he thought of a new game to play.

He silently shifted till his arm was around him, pulling him tightly to his chest, encasing Yoongi as much as he could. He glanced down, his dragon purring at the layers of pink that poured out over his features as Yoongi desperately tried to disassociate from Tae's existence. Clearly he was indeed thoroughly chilled from the morning air, because he was reluctant to pull away from Tae's embrace. Choosing instead the torture of the heat that burned through the two of them the closer the drew to one another.

"The sound of your teeth will scare away our quarry, my prince." Tae intentionally leaned closer to him, his lips brushing Yoongi's temple as he spoke in whispered tones.

"S-S-Sorr-rryy.." Yoongi sounded like a breathy maraca and Tae had to roll his lips between his teeth to keep his composure from lapsing into laughter.

He tucked himself tighter around Yoongi, his face falling cheek to cheek with him as they laid against the dew covered baby grass. It was a conscious effort to try not to smirk as Yoongi's eyes fell slowly closed, the rate at which his breath came to him slipping slowly from his control, the pinks deepening to reds across his cheeks.

He turned his face slightly so his lips grazed the apple of his cheek as he spoke, "Are you warmer now, my prince?"

"Yes." Yoongi exhaled, and Tae instinctively flared his nose. It was all fun and games till actual arousal started to drift into Yoongi's voice and expression, then it turned into an act of denial on Tae's part as he tempered his animalistic urge to claim him the second his voice got all airy like it just had.

Tae's body instantly tightened around the most precious thing in this world to him,  as the only thing that could drown out the urge to make Yoongi his, was to protect him at any cost. 

All of his senses heightened. He felt the temperature shift in his skin. He heard the crickets settling deep into the leaves around them for their daily slumber, and he could smell them now.  The very reason they were in those woods that day. Their odor was a thick musk that clung to the mist and wafted heavily around them now.

The corners of his lips pulled upwards as his keen eyes saw them break the wall of fog and brush across the clearing from them, each of them bigger than the last, and every last one of them bearing tusks like sabers arching high above their slacked muzzles. But the boar who last stepped timidly from the mist, now that was the prize he would claim that day. He smiled widely and crooked an eyebrow, the excitement of the hunt starting to eagerly dance across his muscles.

"Goddess.." Yoongi breathed, "I've never seen one that large before.."

"You should have seen them a thousand years ago," Tae whispered, his lips still against his cheek, "-one boar could feed a family of dragons for a week."

Yoongi looked at him with what was quickly becoming one of Tae's favorite expressions: curiosity. He loved to watch as the light of it burned bright in his eyes, this man was hungry for knowledge and he looked at Tae like he was the keeper of every drop of it in this world.

They watched as boars cautiously poured into the clearing, relaxing after a few moments to graze and burrow their great tusks into the earth to root for their meals. They sent red earth flying everywhere, their blade-like teeth meeting no resistance in the still winter hardened ground they bore into.

“I’m glad Jimin came along..” Yoongi whispered, his eyes fixed on the eldest boar of the herd whose tusks twisted terrifyingly away from his face.

“Are you worried about me Yoon?” 

“I’m always worried about you,” he breathed, Yoongi’s cheek turning shades warmer against his own.

Tae closed his eyes, the words washing over him in ways he never knew words could. He took a deep, slow breath in, opening his eyes and fixing them on his quarry. He adjusted slightly off of Yoongi, all of his ancient muscles coiling up like a snake ready to strike.

“You shouldn’t be.”

Then he sprang. He was off the ground and flying forward before Yoongi could blink and gasp. His bare feet dug deep into the earth as they propelled him forward at an ever escalating pace, the scenery of the meadow almost becoming a blur around him. The boar bolted, and the chase began.

He closed the gap quickly, the elder of the herd falling quickly behind the others as they broke from the clearing and into the thick underbrush of the forest around them. Tae effortlessly weaved himself in and out of the great redwoods that towered high above them, easily leaping over any massive downed trunk or thick brush that lingered in his path. The boars were not hard to track by sound as he lost them in the thick brush, braying loudly as they tumbled recklessly away from him. The sounds of their hoof beats, and snapping limbs spiraling wildly into the forest.

He glanced quickly to his left, a flash of silver came barreling out of the brush and landed squarely shoulder to shoulder with him. He went tumbling through the air, laughing as he twisted himself to land smoothly on his feet. His gaze flicked up from his squatting position at the large wolf that playfully bared its teeth back at him. He smiled wickedly from ear to ear at Joon, his fangs extending as his toes dug into the earth ready to spring fully ahead again.

A streak of black came flying past them, as they had both forgotten about the third member of this game. The fox yipped happily as it disappeared in the brush after their prey. Tae was starting to discover that the young fox was very competitive, and very very fast.

Tae was already moving before the wolf could spin to follow, he shoved Namjoon’s shoulder lightly as he passed, laughing as the beast huffed back at him, and away they went. The pair of them catching up rather quickly with the fox spirit as he had slowed to scent track the wild hogs that had quieted in their escape. His shiny black nose pointed upwards towards the canopy, hoping to catch wind of them in the breeze. He was bigger than a typical fox, more so the size of an average wolf, but where he lacked in size and muscle he made up for in cunning and his sharp nose. Tae always found himself admiring the thick silky black fur he bore as it danced in the light.

They stilled in another small clearing, the smell of the boars hung thick with their fear in the air swirling around them. Tae flared his nose, taking it all in, every scent that lingered here. He could smell him, his musty ancient hide having its own strong individual odor, like aged moss and river clay. He turned away from the canids, following the breeze as it shifted. 

Goddess, how long had it been since he had hunted, let alone hunted with friends. Tae felt so alive, his whole body was tingling, it’s hypersensitivity scanning the forest around him for his prey. He closed his eyes, his toes wiggling into the dirt, allowing everything else to fall away from his mind.

The quieted huffs of an old beast, too ancient to keep pace with his herd, choosing instead to turn and fight. He heard them, he heard them before they turned to rumbles and the brush was full of the sounds of small trees snapping. He crouched, his claws extended as he opened his eyes to watch it spring forth from the brush, it’s yellowed eyes fixed on the massive mountain wolf.

Tae leapt forward again, colliding with the beast before his tusks could meet Namjoon’s flesh, just barely missing their mark as the wolf curled defensively. They hit the dirt hard, Tae wrangling his arms around its neck, his legs trying to grip it’s abdomen. But it threw him easily, Tae rolled across a down log, its rough bark tearing at his back. He laid still a moment, wincing as he felt the blood trickle down his lower back. His concentration quickly came back to the task at hand as the boar rose and spun to face him. The wolf and fox were on him quickly, and he shook his massive body under them knocking Namjoon loose. It’s wise eyes took quick note of its surroundings as Jungkook’s sharp teeth managed to tear hide, choosing to tactfully crash itself against an ancient tree trunk with Jungkook in between. The fox yelped loudly and stayed where he fell.

Tae breathed, he tried to rise quickly but stumbled back downwards as his hand slipped from the blood covered bark of the tree behind him. The boar was spinning its great body inwards towards Jungkook’s stilled form and Namjoon more ferociously leapt upon their quarry before it could fully turn it’s tusks onto their smaller young friend. But try as he might, he couldn’t get a grip on its thick leathery hide, and he was tossed again, this time a tusk catching his rump as he went. Another yelp of pain filled the forest around him.

Tae rose, a low rumbled growl pouring heatedly out of him, he let it roll loudly in the space between them. The effort to rapture the boar's attention worked, as it turned to face the new threat and bore passionately and wildly down on him. He planted his feet wide, his hands extended open in front of him, bracing for impact.

A whistle pierced the air, and an arrow landed true in the boar's eye. Tae’s face lit up with a shit eating grin, as it miss stepped, twisting just enough that Tae could grab it’s tusks and twist it into the red earth below them. They rolled together and collided with the ground with so much momentum that one of its lengthy aged tusks broke free in Tae’s hand. The beast roared while it tumbled over him as another arrow pierced the soft skin on his jaw. Tae turned his fist, angling the tusk towards the soft exposed flesh and moved quickly to end the beast's pain.

It stilled quickly, it’s breath shallowing rapidly as it’s life emptied out over Tae and painted the earth and even deeper shade of red. Tae leaned forward running his hand over it’s muzzle soothingly, looking with admiration in it’s large golden eye.

“Thank you, you fought well..” Tae spoke softly, his fingers gentle across it’s cheek. “Go, rest now in the grey meadows that await you.”

He lingered there, reassuring the beast until all the light had  faded from it’s eyes and it had finally journeyed home. Once it had he collapsed forward across it, trying to catch his breath. 

“Tae-ah..” Yoon’s voice was thick with concern as his hands laid onto his opened back, “-you said I shouldn’t worry.”

He smiled as he panted, “It’s just a scratch.”

, I can see bone.”

“Then close your eyes,” he laughed as Yoongi tsk’d at him, clearly not as amused as Tae was right now.

“I’m fine,” Namjoon huffed just feet from them. “Tend to Kook first, Jimin-shi.”

Tae opened his eyes as Hoseok gently lifted the upper body of the whimpering fox from the forest floor, cradling him in his lap as he whispered words of comfort and softly caressed his thick black fur. Jimin came to rest over him, his blue starlight pouring beautifully across him, and the whimpering soon faded to happy chitters.

Hoseok smiled, “Yes, yes, I saw you, you did well.” 

“You’d think I’d get over seeing you bleed with how often it happens.” Seokjin mumbled, helping Namjoon add pressure to his thigh as they waited for Jimin to close the distance between them once more.

“You knew what you were getting into when you chose me as your mate.” Namjoon smiled, winking at him.

“Who said I had a choice?” Seokjin rolled his eyes, and stared down in wonder at the magic that poured from Jimin.

“It really is so beautiful to watch, I understand why they call your kingdom the Kingdom of the Moon.” Seokjin smiled sweetly at Jimin.

“Thank you Jin-ah.” 

Tae shifted slightly, his face still covered in a large satisfied smile.

Yoongi hummed questioningly at him.

“May I have some water my prince, I’d use my hands, but it appears as though I’m pinned under this great beast.” He chuckled, as he lost sensation to his thighs minutes ago, and was using his hands to try to support the weight of the boar's massive head across him. Yoongi shifted hurriedly, setting his bow on the ground next to them to pull his goat skin pouch free of his shoulder.

His fingers were soft and warm as they cradled the underside of Tae’s face tilting it so he could better access Tae’s mouth. Tae looked past the fur of the pouch, his eyes falling on the want growing in Yoongi’s eyes as he tried desperately to concentrate on the task at hand. The water poured easily past his parted lips, and Yoongi was very observant as to when Tae needed a moment to swallow it’s coolness down. He pulled it from Tae’s lips, his thumb delicately gathering any errant drops that lingered willfully on his bottom lip before he released him. Here Tae lay pinned under a massive boar, covered in dirt, mud and blood, and Yoongi was worried about tidying up water droplets on his lip. The corners of his lips turned up in amusement, and Yoongi caught himself and pulled unwillingly away from him.

“Your Highness,” Jimin breathed as he stood over Tae’s back, “-how are you not buckled in pain right now.”

“As I said,” He smiled a shit eating grin at Yoongi, “-it’s just a scratch.”

“Just a scratch my ass, old man.” Namjoon closed the distance between them, rolling his tongue across his lips as he inspected Tae’s battle wounds.

“Oh, you mean the ass you got split open?” Tae chuckled.

“The very same.”  Namjoon winked down at him.

“Well do you mind using it to help get this pig off of me?”

Namjoon made a face of ‘oh’ and squatted quickly to try and lift the carcass. 

“how did you... toss this thing?”

Tae grimaced as well as he tried to help,

“-it was easier... when I could use his own momentum. against him.”

he spoke through clenched teeth as he strained.

Namjoon growled, pushing hard.

The black haired boy appeared from thin air, his hands resting under the boar's neck next to Namjoon’s and all three of them yelled as they rolled the beast from Tae’s legs. The pair of them fell forward with it as they all collapsed huffing, and laughing.

“This was fun!” Jungkook exclaimed, his tattooed covered chest heaving greatly.

Namjoon reached up and smacked it roughly, making him recoil and laugh as he rolled away from Joon, “Welcome to your first hunt pup.”

“You did well Jungkook-ah.” Tae smiled as he spoke, leaning to his side to allow Jimin’s worried hands to mend his flesh, “I cannot believe how fast you are.”

Jungkook smiled up into the sky so fiercely his eyes disappeared and his nose scrunched, “I am..

“Very fast.” Jimin cooed from behind Tae, and he smiled as he watched the fox spirit turn away blushing.

“Now..” Seokjin place his hands on his hips as he stared down at the beast, “-how the fuck are we gonna move it?”

“With prayers and the grace of the Goddess.” Namjoon exhaled, and the clearing filled with the sound of their laughter.

“You never got a chance to tell me,” Yoongi mumbled, adjusting the placement of the logs in the firepit Hoseok had built, “What you found?” 

Hoseok frowned as he leaned to the side to ferret his flint from his pocket, he held it a moment rolling it between his fingers, his eyebrows knitting together thoughtfully.

“I found nothing..” he was clearly lost in his own thoughts as he murmured the answer back at Yoongi.

“Nothing?” Yoongi paused, looking at him confused as to what he meant.

“There was nothing there, every place I went, abandoned and burned like the city you saw.”

“What?.. I don’t understand..” he craned his eyebrows downward, squinting at Hoseok.

“Neither did I, so I went to Attana..”

“There was a skirmish with the rebellion on the outskirts there.” Yoongi pursed his lips.

“That’s what I remember too, that’s what the reports said, all those papers laid out during the war council depicting the details and losses.” Hoseok’s mouth turned downwards, his knuckles turning white as he squeezed the flint in his fist.

Yoongi hummed at him, he remembered reading the reports.

“They were lies,” Hoseok’s gaze darkened as he stared over the unlit pit at Yoongi, “-all of it. Lies.”

“Wh-wha?” Yoongi’s eyes widened.

“There was nothing there Yoon, a battle like that leaves a mark for months. There was no trace of death in that valley.”

Yoongi clenched his jaw, running his hand over his face roughly. How much more did he not know about his own god damn kingdom. Every moment spent from that palace he began to recognize that his father was not the only puppet in those walls. Unbeknownst to him, Yoongi had been raised to be the very same, they left him ignorant and isolated so as he wouldn’t have the mind to question the ways around him.

“Yoon?” Yoongi peered through his fingers at Hoseok, who’s gaze had darkened even further, “Do you remember who drafted and submitted those reports to the counsel?”

Yoongi searched his memory, unable to pull that knowledge from whatever dusted shelf his brain had stored it on.

Then he felt the small audible click in his brain, the night of the dinner and the subsequent trap that followed, all the rumors of rebellion that could never be traced by his father and himself. How many more reports were falsified, where was the truth? 

Two things he did know, One is that fae and magical beings were disappearing, though he did not know why. Secondly, his Uncle was a traitor.

His eyes flicked to the sounds of laughter as his friends sat nearby prepping meat to eat, gathered around one another laughing and shoving one another playfully. His eyes drifted from Namjoon, eyes full of love as he watched Seokjin squirm as he handled the raw flesh, to Jungkook staring with eyes flooded with fondness at Jimin’s happily laughing expression. Finally they fell on Tae, who sat amongst them dripping with happiness and amusement like they had been family all this time and never knew a world different.

Tae would be King, King of all the magical beings this side of the veil, and just as Yoongi must, he would be then responsible for building a world where they were safe and prosperous once more. It was clear to Yoongi that he needed to root this toxic weed from the world of men, or such a world would never exist, and those he loved would never be safe. But how, how would he help Tae create a world that was balanced, one that would remain balanced when his short life came to an end.

“What am I going to do?” Yoongi mumbled, rubbing his hand across his lips.

“I say you burn it all down,” Hoseok said simply, leaning forward to strike his knife across his flint and send showers of glowing sparks over the tinder at his feet, “-start your kingdom anew from the ashes.”

Yoongi glanced over at him, “You know I can’t do that..”

“Why not?” Hoseok leaned forward even more, blowing the small embers to life, “-isn’t that what the goddess does? When a forest grows too old and it’s life begins to stale, she wipes it clean with fire, allowing new and healthy forests to grow from the ashes.”

Yoongi blinked several times, he wasn’t wrong. Hoseok always had a way of explaining things that resonated with Yoongi, it’s one of the things that Yoongi had always appreciated about their friendship.

Hoseok sat back up as the small fire took on a life on it’s own no longer needing his help, “It’s the way of this world. When a cycle is broken, begin anew.” Yoongi’s eyes fell to Hoseok's chest that had become a bit exposed under his loose shirt as he moved. There was what looked like a new tattoo added alongside the vining mark of his familiar across his chest, except it was different. It looked like liquid silver, glowing and swirling in the catching firelight. 

“What are you two talking about all serious over here?” Jimin cooed, wrapping himself around Hoseok’s shoulders, his hand trailing downward over the markings as he kissed his cheek. The lines began to glow slightly under Jimin’s fingers as he lovingly trailed over them, and as he was bent over Yoongi could see the matching lines glowing dimly on Jimin’s chest as well. Yoongi smiled as he admired the pair of them as he peered around his fingers, happily in love, and beautifully mated.

“The benefits of breaking from cycles that no longer herald prosperity and balance.” Hoseok murmured his hand running itself across Jimin’s forearm.

“Oh,” Jimin breathed, his blue eyes dancing in the firelight, “-you mean like a forest fire?”

Hoseok smiled up at Yoongi, “Exactly.”

Tae smiled to himself wondering if he'd ever taken this much time in his younger years to just stare at the night sky, but here halfway up the silver mountain peak that laid at the northernmost reaches of this range, he found them to be particularly stunning. Especially as the higher elevations allowed for clearer views, and his sharp eyes could see the errant ones that streamed wildly from their homes across the deep blue abyss that stretched endlessly away from this world.

The sound of Yoongi breathing heavily across his cupped hands drew his attention. He shifted his head where it lay in his hands that reached up behind him to cradle it, to peer amusedly over at him. He sat nestled dangerously close to the dying fire trying to grow warmer over the embers. They had run low on big logs hours ago and were too tired to trek to find more after they cleaned and hung the hog.

Which he found Hoseok’s skill in that department as fascinating, as it was terrifying. He made quick work of the process with his twin blades, and after he was done it made the meat so much easier for the three of them to haul. But they were too tired to make it back to the castle tonight, so they inevitably chose to make camp when they decided they could move no more.

Yoongi shifted to run his hands over his arms, and Tae could see the ungodly large goosebumps forming across his skin as rocked in place casually adding little twigs and leaves to the low burning pit. It was a vain effort to increase the heat, and as Tae could see him starting to shiver he grew tired of watching him suffer.

"You know.." Tae let his voice grow husky, trying not to smile as he saw Yoongi jump a little in surprise, "I could keep you plenty warm." 

Yoongi's eyes widened oh so infantismally, the gears of his brain weighing his options heavily. Tae watched as he glanced at the other cuddle puddles that had formed around the fire, all the while Yoongi had tactfully positioned himself ten feet away from Tae on it's opposite side. Yoongi pulled his large fur up around his ears, still feeling very unsure about taking Tae up on his offer.

"Don't worry...I won't bite.." Tae flicked an eyebrow wickedly at him, watching him turn three kinds of cherry red and ignore him.

"I'm fine." He mumbled

Tae whined and squinted his eyes dramatically, "I can see you shivering from here. Please, let me help you."

Yoongi eyed him suspiciously, his eyes narrowing as he again weighed his decision.

Tae breathed, extending an arm as an invitation and knitting his brow together.

Yoongi rose silently, clearly too cold to put up much of a fight, to Tae's ever growing delight. Tae shifted on the pine bed he had made on the ground making space for Yoongi to curl up in the nook of his arm against him. Once he had settled, Tae pulled his fur over them both, essentially cocooning them tightly against the cold night air.

Tae winced slightly as Yoongi’s icy fingers came to rest on his bare chest, "Shit!" He exhaled as he grabbed up Yoongi's hand in his.

"I'm f-f-fine.." again with the maracas.

"No, stubborn is what you are.." He held Yoongi's fingers to his lips, exhaling long and low over them, allowing the dragon's heat that rested inside of him to flow out over them till they began to warm.

Yoongi hummed softly, his body starting to relax against Tae's warmth. Tae returned Yoongi's warmed fingers to his chest, wrapping an arm around his waist as he shifted the furs over Yoongi's face, letting them fall just shy of his own lips as he tilted his face into Yoongi's bangs. He did the same as he had done with Yoongi's hand, breathing deep and slow, filling the cavity between the fur and their bodies with his heat. 

After a few moments, after all the shivers had ceased and Yoongi had melted fully against him, he shifted to peer down the length of his face. He laid so very sweetly with his eyes closed, his breath ran shallow and several shades of dusty pink hung heavily over the apples of his cheeks, even coloring the rounded tip of his nose.

"You are so beautiful.." he mumbled the words before he had thought the act through, feeling his chest tighten slightly at the idea that he may have to patiently wait idly by as Yoongi sprinted from him.

Yoongi's full lips turned up at the corners, the pink ever increasing across his features.

"Do you think so?" He nuzzled his cheek ever so slightly against his chest, his voice taking on that airy tone that stirred dangerous things inside of Tae.

Tae blinked slowly as he clenched his jaw in an act of sheer self control, taking another deep breath and letting it pour slowly out into the night air. This time, to cool them off instead of warm them.

Yoongi shifted his thigh to drape over his waist, and Tae felt his fingers twitch as he started to count the stars in the night sky to stay sane in this moment.

'One. Two. Three…'

"Yes, I do." Tae said, trying to control his tone as he spoke.

Yoongi hummed deeply against him, the vibration rippling across his whole body, the dragon inside of him purring ferociously in return.

'Four. Five. Six. Se-'

"You are far more beautiful than I, my dragon."

Tae blinked rapidly, trying to remember what numbers were as Yoongi's fingers swirled slowly across him. But every number he ever learned was very suddenly replaced with Yoongi's possessive term of endearment.

The words were just on a vicious repeated cycle in his brain. Goddess, he loved it when Yoongi talked possessively about him, and in this moment he wondered how Yoongi could claim him so willfully with his words and still shy so much from his embrace.

He peered again down at him, his eyebrows knitting together softly as he fondly looked over all his round edges,

'Why are you holding back?'

"Tae-ah?" Yoongi mumbled, and he hummed in return looking back at the stars that dotted the dark blue sky above them.

"Why don't you have a mate?"

Tae's whole face fell into one of shock, and he was sure Yoongi likely heard his heart skip a beat before crashing into his ribcage. He blinked rapidly, trying to peace together his mind and articulate a decent answer to such a bold question.

"I never met a creature who spoke to my heart.." he paused, "..until you." 

He hoped his point had hit it's mark as he felt Yoongi still momentarily.

"I'm glad to have finally found my familiar...my life was," Yoongi paused, and Tae could feel his lips rolling with thought before continuing, "-empty before you. Not just empty, but painfully silent. And lonely,

suffocatingly lonely.

Tae clenched his jaw, for that he understood more than Yoongi may ever know, for that was him as well, all of his life.

"Then I found you, and now I feel truly alive for the first time in my life..and I hope..one day..you'll find them..and they will do the same for you." Yoongi did well to hide the sadness in his voice but Tae could feel it in him regardless. He felt Yoongi's jaw clench as he pushed down the emotions that Tae acutely felt rippling through him.

'How do I make you see that it's you, that it's always been you? Without making you run from me?'

Tae's turn to clench his jaw, unsure of how to respond or what to do next. He closed his eyes, playing out the different scenarios in his mind.

"Tae-ah?" Yoongi whispered, shifting to peer up at him, "Are you asleep?"

He stayed silent, unable to decide what to say to him, his thoughts running a thousand miles a second. Until they stilled.

Yoongi traced the tip of his nose along the length of his neck, his parted lips coming to rest softly against it, "Goodnight, my dragon."

This man was his, and one day he would know it too.

Yoongi played out so many scenarios, of how he could confront his Uncle, the course of action he could take when he returned. All the ways he could uncover the truth of the last thirty years. That red string now dripping in blood and demanding Yoongi rip it from the tapestry of death his family had woven over generations.

He felt such disappointment, it weighed heavily over him. He had spent so much time over the last few weeks, soaking up every bit of history of this world, every ounce of truth he could absorb. While the balance his ancestor and his mate had set into place had crumbled slowly over the ages, it had become rapidly undone in the last few decades.

Disappearances. Death. Dissipating magic.

Like the goddess herself leaving this world.

Reports of the great tree showing signs of disease, it’s roots growing dry. Even Hoseok said it hadn’t bloomed this year. He was trying desperately to piece it all together, they had to all connect, he just needed to figure out how.

His fingers hung loosely from his sleeves of his blue and silver embroidered robes, trailing mindless over the porcelain keys. They played the tune he always played when his mind wandered, his fingers knowing it’s course before he knew what music was. He sat gazing out the window, trying to pull the loose ends of the events that hung endlessly challenging him in his mind.

He felt the stool shift beside him and he turned quickly to see King Park leaning over the piano, his hand placed lightly and playing the accompanying line his free hand was not.

“I remember this melody…” The elder mumbled softly, his eyes awash with the fondness of memories he clearly treasured.

“You do?” Yoongi asked, confused.

The King stilled, his hand returning to his lap as he smiled at Yoongi, “Clearly, and I think.. One day you will too.”

Yoongi tilted his head, even more confused than before. The old man laughed lightly, patting his shoulder as he did so, “What is bothering you child?”

Yoongi frowned, looking back at the keys, the ring on his finger catching his attention again, “I’m trying to figure out how it’s all connected. The disappearances, the lies of rebellion, the Great Tree…”

The king turned down his lips thoughtfully, his aged fingers trailing through his long beard, “Do you know why men have fought for so long to claim the Great Tree, Prince Min?”

Yoongi shook his head.

“Because, it is the source. The source of all magic in this world, and from it all of us that are bore from the grey meadows sprang… Have you ever beheld it, child?”

Yoongi shook his head once more.

“Oh, it is a sight. Her bark is dark and green like the richest pine needles, her roots growing possessively away from her down the mountain side. Her massive leaves glow green with the ancient and untainted magic that runs through her veins. That magic is pure, and more powerful than anything in this world, that is why the mages of Renka protect it so fiercely, to keep it from being tainted by those who wish to turn black the goddess’s life blood in this world.”

Yoongi frowned, “I thought my ancestors waged war on Renka for resources..”

“What a greater resource than magic itself?”

Yoongi leaned his face into his hand, it was greed then. Greed, painted as the need to ensure the life of the land of man. He always knew it was, but it didn’t ebb his feelings. It was disgusting, it revolted everything inside of him, made him ashamed to be who he was.

“They say that,” Jimin’s father pursed his lips as he considered his words, “-if a mortal were to drink the blood of the Great Tree.. it would grant them immortality.”

“What?” Yoongi breathed.

“Though no record exists of such a gift given, it was a tale told from the time before the written language of my people. Long before King Azrah’s blessed reign.”

King Min smiled sweetly at him, brushing his bangs from his face, “Your ancestor, who was the first to bind himself so intimately to one of our kind, and because of that love we finally saw that a world of peace and balance could exist on this side of the veil.”

There was a long pause, everyone he had met outside of his castle had spoken of the first king of men with such reverence and adoration. How could he ever live up to that legacy, what could he do to rebuild what had been so devastatingly undone.

“How did he do it?”

The kind older man leaned in close, “He didn’t do it alone.” 

Yoongi hummed curiously.

“He relied heavily on his mate, a fierce warrior and respected dragon immortal. So respected for his wisdom and beyond generous heart, we recognized that of all of us he should be the one to lead us. So we bowed to him, trusting him and his chosen mate to create the balance we had sought for thousands of years.”

“You knew them?” Yoongi whispered the words, awe consuming him.

“Oh yes,” the King smiled warmly, “Haakon-ah and I both counted them as treasured friends. I was much younger back then, and not half as lovely looking as my son. He takes after his mother on that account.” He chuckled lightly to himself. “Azrah was a man unlike any I have ever met, the goddess poured much of herself into him when she crafted him, which made me think she crafted him with purpose. The more time I spent in his presence, the more I admired him, and began to understand why Lars had bound himself to him.”

“I hope I can honor him, and restore the balance he made.” Yoongi said after a long moment of silence between them.

The elder smiled widely, running his hand across his back soothingly, “You will, I know you will.”

“How do I look?”

Tae shifted back and forth in front of the mirror, it had been so long since he had worn the traditional regal garb of his kin he felt like a stranger in it. He adjusted the large neck plate that draped over his collarbone and dipped in between his chest muscles, it’s ancient bronzed metal glowing gold in the candle light. Jimin had chosen his favorite color for his sleeveless kimono that draped elegantly from his shoulders and spilled across the floor, black. It was made of many layers of fabric, topped with a thin chiffon that fluttered slightly when he moved, and across its length were little gold jewels that had been hand sewn into it’s woven face.

“Like he won’t be able to think straight.” Jimin said with a smile as he eyed Tae’s exposed torso, he reached down retrieving Tae’s wrists to add a pair of bronze cuffs to match his collar.

Tae chuckled breathily, a smile forming on his lips as he peered down at the beautiful and sassy man who knew him too well. 

“You think?” Tae mused, adjusting the placement of his cuffs slightly, appraising himself in the mirror.

“Oh,” Jimin paused for dramatic effect, knitting his eyebrows together matter-of-factly as he nodded,

“Well the point is to make him think, not to empty his mind.”

“Oh, I never said his mind would be

, Your highness, just not

..” Jimin smiled wickedly up at him and he couldn’t help but laugh. 

Jimin’s expression softened as he reached up and adjusted the golden crown that sat intertwined with Tae’s curls, it’s twisted metal horns grasping onto their wild waves easily.

“You look like a King, Tae-ah,” Jimin retracted from him so he could fully take in his image in the mirror, “-and what a King you’ll be.”

Tae’s eyes traveled up and down the length of his reflection, he did look like a King, and for some reason it didn’t make him wary as it once did. He tilted his chin ever so slightly up, admiring himself just a little. His thumb trailing across the hem of his pants that hung probably indecently low.

“Not straight, huh?” he mumbled with a smirk.

Jimin tsk’d and playfully rolled his eyes, “This whole night is for you, and here you are thinking about what kind of damage you can do to that poor man’s mind.” He crossed his arms in a display of mock disapproval.

“Says the man dressed in just chainmail and chiffon.” Tae craned an eyebrow up and gestured to the egregious amounts of skin that Jimin had on display, the silver in his floor length metal gown matching the sapphire studded dainty crown he bore. There was just a thin layer of white chiffon that gathered in just the right amount in all the right places to leave a little to the imagination, but besides that he was all metal and ivory flesh. 

“That’s different..” Jimin huffed, returning the raised eyebrow in his own expression.

“How?” Tae bobbed his head at him.

“I’m not about to attend a ball celebrating my return to society and my up and coming coronation,” Jimin paused licking his lips, “

-and I’ve made my move,

Your highness.” He added a small bow for effect. Tae’s eyes drifted down to the silver lines that glowed ever so slightly under the metal.

Tae turned from him, frowning slightly, “He’s running from me.”

He glared darkly at Jimin, who shrugged in return clearly unphased by the intensity of the being that Tae was. He rolled his lower lip across his teeth, running his tongue heavily across it as he continued to glare at Jimin, who gave him literally no ground. Damn he admired this man, even when he was irritating him.

“I don’t want to scare him.” Tae mumbled looking back at the floor.

Jimin sighed, “How could you possibly do that Tae-ah?” 

Jimin hummed questioningly.

“I don’t know..it’s a lot..a lot to take in..everything that comes with..it” Tae blinked more than he should as he searched for the words to say.

“That doesn’t answer my question... He is your mate right? Do you doubt that?”

“Then stop acting like you do.” Jimin closed the distance between them, wrapping his arms around him in a side hug, “-he’s just lost Tae-ah, help him to find you again.” His voice was much softer as he swayed them side to side.

Tae locked eyes with Jimin in the mirror, the fondness they felt towards each other in this rapidly deepening friendship echoing heavily across  both of their features.

“Though,” Jimin reached down and playfully tugged at the waist of his black silk pants, “-if you want him to be able to think tonight, I should probably re-tie this.” 

Tae smirked at him and Jimin laid his cheek against his shoulder as he giggled.

“Let’s leave it.”

Jimin breathed mischievously. 

"Dance of the Damned" by Peter Gundry

“Damn..this mead is fucking strong..” Hoseok looked down into his goblet like it was a riddle to be solved, swaying slightly as he spoke.

Yoongi winced as he swallowed down the last of his first cup, already feeling it’s warm tingle spread across his body.

“Yea..” He exhaled, feeling it’s fire in his throat despite how deliciously sweet it was, he turned and looked Hoseok up and down who stood still eyeing his empty goblet.

“How many is that now?”

“My third..” He mumbled, looking very full of regret as his eyes trailed up to meet Yoongi’s widened realization. He grabbed his goblet, quickly glancing into it to see it was empty, and Hoseok weakly let him as his eyes trailed off full of worry and alcohol across the packed ballroom.

he breathed quietly.

“What’s wrong?” Seokjin asked brightly as he entered the situation that was forming between the two of them.

“Hoseok-ah just finished his third goblet of the lovely honey mead.” Yoongi said quietly, now eyeing Hoseok's disassociated stare.

Seokjin hissed, leaning to peer into the empty cup.

“Mhm,” Hoesok hummed again.

“Ohh..nooo..” Seokjin’s eyes grew wide as he drew out the words, “I’ve been nursing this one glass for almost an hour and I’m still starting to trip over my feet.”

“Mistakes were made.” Hoseok said softly.

Yoongi opened his mouth to speak more, but stilled when the doors of the ballroom opened. The whole room did, every being in it turning to watch the two that entered last, the two everyone were waiting on. The silence hung heavy around them with reverence and awe, like the goddess herself just stepped in among them. 

“His Highness Prince Park, and the Crown Prince Kim Taehyung.” The palace guard's voice rang out, filling the whole room as the pair of them came to pause at the top of the stairs that waterfalled down towards the grand and ancient ballroom below.

Hoseok’s eyebrows knitted together as his eyes trailed feverishly across Jimin’s form in his glittering silver gown.

“Fuck..” he growled, “is that just...

He tilted his head to the side, the alcohol clearly affecting his ability to articulate what was likely a full blown mental meltdown.

“It appears so, yes.” Seokjin nodded as he pursed his lips.

Hoseok said, his eyes still not leaving Jimin.

But Yoongi was too lost in his own hedonistic train of thoughts to be of any help to Hoseok, as his mind tried to take in the sight of Tae standing confidently, looking very much like a King, scantily clad in black and gold. His eyes trailed down the front of him, lingering an inappropriate amount of time on the placement of the waist of his trousers.

There was a shift in the crowd, as all in attendance fell into a deep bow. The three of them realized too late, and bowed comically out of sync. Yoongi rose, catching the tail end of Jimin snickering into Tae’s shoulder. Tae smiling amusedly over at him as Jimin whispered something up into his ear while he laced his arm through Tae’s.

They looked so beautiful together, more beautiful than Yoongi could ever look at his side. That was the kind of mate Tae deserved, someone who could stand side by side with him as his equal as they moved through this world. 

Yoongi felt a sadness bubbling up in him and he swallowed it roughly down, this night was not about him and he’d be damned if he spent it being morose over things he could not change. He turned quickly from the beautiful image of the two of them descending the stairs and poured himself another glass as the room broke out into applause around them.

Hoesok turned, albeit wobbly, to face him, “What are you doing Yoon?” he whispered and watched in horror as Yoongi threw back the whole goblet of mead.

Yoongi licked the foam from his top lip, “Making mistakes.” He went to pour another but Namjoon’s hand gently interceded.

He said softly, his eyes sweetly appraising Yoongi. Even though Namjoon hadn’t known him as long as the other two Yoongi found him to be the most observant and in tune with Yoongi’s thoughts and emotions, his keen eyes picking up on the subtle changes in him the others missed. “This night will be about you just as much as him.”

“How?” Yoongi clenched his jaw, avoiding Namjoon’s eyes as he shifted the silver fur cape from his shoulder and leaned inwards.

“-because you are the future King of men and he is bound to serve you. Every being in this room will want to know your caliber before pledging allegiance to him. You will be tested tonight, and your every move will be watched.” Namjoon slid the goblet from him.

Yoongi felt his mind already growing hazey,

He turned to face the room again, all manner of magical being and copious amounts of royalty all gathered facing the pair that moved through the crowd slowly and as enchantingly as the moon moved through the black night sky. Every person they passed stopped them to bow and introduce themselves, pledge their allegiances, and even young princes and princesses being presented sweetly with eager hopes of a match. 

Yoongi clenched his jaw as a particularly beautiful fae man looked up at Tae through icy eyelashes, reaching out to touch his chest lightly. He broke his eyes from the scene, taking in the room, anything other than what he was watching and as he did he noticed Namjoon was right. Any eyes that were not on Tae, were on him. He swallowed roughly, closing his eyes and shoving aside his unnatural amount of jealousy to find the crown prince that was hiding behind two glasses of mead inside of him.

‘He will need you.’

Those words echoed again, and brought a strange sense of calm that washed over him like walking softly into the tide. Yoongi was not a warrior, at least it was not his strength. But this,

he could do. He’d been groomed to be a diplomat from birth, taught in the arts of conversation, wit, and etiquette. He may not be able to fend off a meadow full of bear spirits, but he could manage this room. This he could do, this he

Music started to play once more, and Yoongi opened his eyes, his mind centered squarely in the crown prince that he was. He adjusted his robes that hung elegantly from him, lifting his hand to twist his amber ring on his finger as he once again scanned the room. He glanced upward at the white stone terraces that were adorning the second floor of the room beautifully, taking note of all the eyes that lingered on him.

Seokjin shifted in front of him, brushing back some of his bangs from his face, “You look gorgeous, stop fidgeting.” 

He twisted his mouth slightly in response, not used to Seokjin seeing through him so easily.

“What kind of... fucking seasonings do..they...use in that kitchen..” Jungkook spoke through a mouthful of boar's meat as he came to stand next to Hoseok, his hand balancing a large plate full of hunks of steaming roasted meat. 

Hoseok sharply inhaled, turning quickly to clumsily grab some and stuff it into his mouth.

Jungkook eyed him suspiciously, “What’s wrong with you Hobi-ah?”

“Metal..” Hoseok mumbled, shoving more food into his mouth, likely hoping it would soak up some of the mead that was drowning him. Yoongi nodded, realizing he probably should too, and reached forward to grab some meat as well.

Jungkook furrowed his brow, pausing mid chew to hum confusedly at Hoseok.

Hoseok bobbed his head in Jimin’s direction,

he whined through an ever filling mouth.

Jungkook spun at the waist trying to identify whatever it was that Hoseok’s mind was melting down over, it didn’t take long for him to catch sight of Jimin swishing elegantly through the crowd creating a little orchestra of metal tinkles as he moved. His eyes widened significantly, and he turned to face the table behind them to set down his plate.

‘I need a drink,” he mumbled.

“Mhm.” Hoseok nodded with his whole upper body, following his familiar’s movements so he could still fill his face with food. 

“Here, eat this instead..” Namjoon’s soft deep voice caught Yoongi’s attention and he turned back to look at him, taking the roll of bread that he held extended in the space between them, “It will work better.”

“I have to admit the slits that high up the thighs are a nice touch..” Seokjin tilted his head as he eyed Jimin’s attire appreciatively. 

“Maybe we can have one made for you.” Namjoon smiled with a grand amount of charm as Seokjin turned three kinds of red and looked away from him.

Yoongi’s eyebrows twitched as he glanced in the direction of a familiar voice. He felt his expression soften tremendously when he saw him.

“Alerick-ah?” Yoongi breathed, leaning forward to rest his hand on the man's hand as it held his silver goblet at his waist.

The golden haired fae blushed slightly, smiling from ear to ear as his emerald green eyes sparkled down at Yoongi, “You remembered.” He whispered.

“How could I ever forget you Alerick?” Yoongi smiled, his happiness wrinkling his eyes, “How are you?” He stepped closer to him, his smile never leaving his face. Maybe it was the mead, maybe it was the joy of seeing this man again happy and healthy, but he found himself admiring him fondly. He reached up high, his fingers trailing across the golden velvet antlers that grew elegantly from his face, thoroughly entranced in their beauty.

“I see you grew into your antlers.” Yoongi murmured softly, utterly distracted by the feeling of them under his fingers.The pink gathered more heavily on Alerick’s cheeks and he leaned downwards, tilting his head to allow Yoongi to more easily access the length of them.

“I’m alive,” his green eyes shifted to Yoongi’s who had paused to glance at him, “

, and that’s all I can ever ask of this life.”

Yoongi’s turn to blush as he lowered his hand and tilted his face slightly away from the intense gaze that was forming in Alerick’s eyes.

‘It was nothing,” Yoongi whispered, clearing his throat, “-it was my fault anyways.”

“No,” Alerick stepped closer, tilting Yoongi’s face up to look at him, “I was the one that pursued you. I was reckless, and because of that we got caught, and you got..” He blinked rapidly down at him, sadness pooling heavily in all the shades of green that painted his irises,

“I’m sorry Yoon-ah..”

Yoongi paused, hearing the emotion that cracked his own voice, “-don’t apologize. You were the one shred of happiness I had in that life, and gave me so many little golden moments that carried me through so many empty black nights. Keeping you safe was the least I could do in return.

You owe me nothing, Ali-ah.”

“There’s the Prince I remember..” Alerick breathed, his face layered with so much fondness and admiration Yoongi was having a hard time concentrating under it.

"The Last Dance" by Peter Gundry

The tempo of the music changed, and Alerick glanced up and around the ballroom eyeing the couples spiraling elegantly to the tune. He leaned sideways, his lips near Yoongi’s ear, “Dance with me.” he whispered, his beautiful eyes amusedly admiring him from their corners.

“Ali-..I-” Yoongi smiled as Alerick craned an eyebrow at him, his beautiful face painted with a dazzling smile that was hard to turn down.

“Don’t make me beg Yoon-ah.”

Yoongi tsked, giggling slightly as he turned away from him considering his options. 

“You’re thinking for so long, it’s breaking my heart.” Alerick teased him, leaning even closer till all Yoongi could see was flashes of emerald afloat above big tawny freckled covered cheeks.

“Oh fine, but You are leading, I don’t know this one.” Yoongi set down his glass behind him and offered his hand to Alerick who lit up in a breathtaking smile before bowing low and taking it gently.

The crowd split for them, Alerick’s tall lean form confidently led them to the dance floor, his smile never fading. It was infectious really, and Yoongi couldn’t help but smile too. His mind playing over all their found moments together as young men, giggling happily in the secret corners of his palace. 

Alerick spun him grandly outwards before pulling him close, his form on point as he securely held Yoongi’s waist and hand, spinning them beautifully in circles across the white marble floor. The whole room might have been staring, but Yoongi didn’t see them, all he saw was emerald eyes and hair that danced in the candle light like the rays of the sun.

They kept spinning, only stumbling and bumping into each other a few times, not that either of them cared as they giggled every time. 

bad at this, can you tell?” Alerick mumbled as his smile scrunched his eyes.

Yoongi exhaled, beaming from ear to ear, smiling wider as Alerick threw his head back and laughed, resulting in them stumbling into one another again as the song died out. Alerick quickly snaked an arm around Yoongi’s waist to keep him from tumbling backwards, and he leaned against his chest as he joined him in laughter.

A rather gravely throat cleared very near to them.

Yoongi tilted his head in it’s direction, his heart immediately ramming itself against his ribcage. 

The whole dance floor had cleared, all except Taehyung who stood next to them. His expression tight as he stood with the most regal fucking stance Yoongi had ever seen is life, his eyes never leaving Alerick’s face as they shifted from each other.

Alerick’s eyes widened, clearly never expecting this moment, nervousness painted all his features and form as he wrung his hands in front of him, “My Lord, Your hi-highness..” Alerick stumbled on his words almost as much as he stumbled through a hurried deep bow. Several actually.

Yoongi stood staring at Tae, his eyes consuming every delicious detail of his dark beauty. His amber eyes glowing like fire light and swirling like rivers of lava, framed by thick black curls and well defined brows that only emphasized the angles of his perfect face. If you were to close your eyes and imagine what a dragon would look like as a human, your mind would think of someone who looked as magnificent as Tae did in that moment. Dark and brooding, his golden olive skin looking velvety soft under the glow that filled the room.

“I see you are acquainted with Prince Min.” Tae spoke tightly through what appeared to be a clenched jaw that he was consciously trying to relax.

“Ye-yes My Lor-Lord..” Clearly Alerick’s nerves were getting the best of him.

“He used to serve in my household, a lifetime ago.” Yoongi said sweetly.

“I see.” Tae said flatly, his eyes darting to Yoongi’s hand still lingering intertwined with Alerick’s. Yoongi released it quickly, too quickly really. He glanced at Alerick, hoping he hadn’t hurt his feelings, rapidly discovering Alerick was too lost in his anxiousness to have cared. 

Mood: "Bury My Heart" by Peter Gundry 

Tae shifted his face to make direct eye contact with Yoongi, and Yoongi stopped breathing under it. His whole face caught fire instantly, had Tae ever looked at him like that before? Yoongi’s lips parted unconsciously as breath finally came back to him, he felt like an animal caught tight in a trap, unable to break the hold Tae’s eyes had on him.

“May I have this dance,

 Tae’s honey voice poured out of him deep and sweeter than any honey mead Yoongi had ever tasted in his life, creating more of a haze in his mind than those two glasses had. The beautiful man that Yoongi had the pleasure of calling his familiar stood patiently in front of him, his hand extended in invitation. Were the candles around them always burning this brightly?

Yoongi’s mouth was dry, and he desperately needed to swallow in order to speak so he nodded instead, resting his hand across Tae’s open one. The dragon eyed the man beside Yoongi in a way that clearly said

‘you are dismissed’

as he pulled Yoongi closer to him.

“I- uh..” Alerick cleared his throat, “Thank you again Prince Min, for everything.” He bowed again and retreated quickly to the safety of the crowd.

Tae didn’t leave room between them as Alerick had done, instead he splayed his hand almost possessively across Yoongi’s lower back and held him tighter than he ever had before against his chest. His fingers met no resistance in Yoongi’s hand as he interlaced them together. Yoongi closed his eyes momentarily, trying to quell the pool of ache forming low in his stomach. 

“I leave you alone for two hours..” Tae growled his eyes rolling across the room as the music started playing much slower paced and deeper than before. 

“I was fine..” Yoongi whispered, having the hardest time of his life breathing in what would constitute as a regular rate at that moment, Tae was so very warm, and he was pressed so very tightly to the front of him, his mind acutely aware of what his skin could feel as the temperature around them starting to rise radically. “-he’s an old friend.”

“An old friend..” Tae’s voice was still tight as he emptily echoed him, continuing to avoid eye contact, spinning them effortlessly across the dance floor. There were no stumbles, no misplaced footfalls, Tae was skilled in the way he led them, the way he perfectly counterbalanced Yoongi’s awkwardness. Tae’s hand slid up his back slightly, pressing them tighter together, and Yoongi’s eyes wavered closed. How was that even possible, how had Yoongi not realized he was this strong, and why did he not mind the pressure in the slightest. Faint, he felt faint.

“If you wanted to dance, you should have asked me.”

“You were occupied..” Yoongi whispered, his mind was melting, his bones starting to dissolve in the heat that was pooling inside of him. He was starting to feel weak, and Tae’s body automatically compensated, holding him tighter still. The tighter he held him, the more Yoongi was losing his ever loving mind. It took physical effort not to go slack in his arms, and allow him to do whatever he wished with his perfect hands.

“I’m never too occupied to tend to your desires.”

It was an interesting choice of words and it lingered across Yoongi’s skin like a cold sweat.

Yoongi’s mind played a wicked game with him, flooding him with the memories of his very vivid dream, lingering on the feeling of Tae’s mouth trailing across every inch of him. Yoongi swallowed roughly, though it did him no good at that moment. Tae’s body felt so rigid against him, he couldn’t help feeling like he wanted it to soften and bend to mesh with his. He almost lost his footing, and he quickly shifted his hand that was resting on Tae’s shoulder to cupping the side of his neck to counter balance and catch himself.

A low deep rumble formed in the chest he was pressed so deliciously tight against, and Yoongi peered up through his lashes at him. Tae was now looking at him, his eyes filled to the brim with a fire that burned right through all that remained of Yoongi’s consciousness on that dance floor. Yoongi’s eyes trailed down to his hand that lingered on the side of his neck as they stilled in the center of the dance floor made just for them.

 His lips parted and he felt his eyes grow hooded as he ran his thumb lightly down the front of it The line of muscle that drew across the front of it, his adam's apple that sat beautifully defined in the center, Yoongi licked his lips as an ache was forming in his jaw once more. He suddenly became acutely aware of his body leaning forward against Tae, he swallowed again, pulling back and blinking rapidly as he blushed, looking away at all of the eyes that were on them. 

Tae’s lips were in the hair next to his ear, and he felt a shudder spill through his body in the dragon’s arms. 

He pushed lightly from him, creating distance between them, “Prince Kim.” He bowed in respect.

Tae clenched his jaw hard. “Where are you going?” he growled quietly.

Yoongi looked away from him, “I need water.” He bowed once more and walked from the dance floor.

It didn’t take him much time to rejoin his friends, the crowd splitting easily for him as he moved. He moved past Seokjin who sat leaning against the banquet table, reaching for a fresh goblet and the pitcher of water.

His skin was on fire, his mind was on fire, everything he was made of was burning. Would it always be his fate to want things he could never have? Is this the true fate of every king?

“Well,” Seokjin breathed as he leaned closer to him, “That was..

Yoongi glared daggers at him, not in the mood for his teasing at this moment. 

Haakon.” Yoongi heard Jimin’s dulcet tones ring out pleasantly behind him, along with the sound of solid sharp thuds against marble behind him.

“Prince Park, you look stunning as always.” A deep voice vibrated through Yoongi.

“And you are too kind as always. Might I introduce you to my special guest?” Jimin’s hand was on Yoongi’s shoulder and he reset his face to a princely one before turning to be introduced, “This is Crown Prince Min Yoongi, soon to be the King of Men.”

Yoongi looked up, shock and awe written all over his face as his composure fell at the sight of the barrel chested centaur lord that stood before him. His golden braided hair elegantly spilled over his shoulder, matching his golden eyes that appraised Yoongi suspiciously. The centaur shifted his massive hooves clopping loudly against the marble floor below them.

“I am honored, King Haakon, to meet one such as you.” Yoongi gathered his wits, and bowed low and deep holding it until Haakon chose to speak once more. This was one of the rules of etiquette he had learned in his time at this court with Jimin, and one especially important with one as ancient and revered as the Lord who stood before him. The very same lord who ran wildly across these lands five thousand years ago, and the very same one who bowed first at the feet of his ancestor and his dragon all those years ago.

“Bold of you,” Haakon bass filled tones rattled through Yoongi’s ribcage, “-to stand so carefree in the presence of so many your family has spent thousands of years destroying.”

Yoongi clenched his jaw lightly, pulling his mouth in a tight line as he rose to tilt his face upwards towards him.

“-Is more than capable of speaking for himself, Prince Park.” Haakon’s eyes didn’t leave Yoongi’s, their narrowed golden gaze reading every detail of Yoongi’s face for his reactions.

“Every single being in this room has lost someone, or everyone they loved, due to your bloodline and the atrocities they have committed. The oath that was broken so long ago it’s like an echo of a memory now, and so much blood is on your hands boy, your throne is drowning in it.”

“You are right.” Yoongi spoke clearly and loudly, leaving no room for misinterpretation of his intentions.

Haakon’s expression started rapidly, although minutely change, shock starting to pull at his taunt rugged angular features. The flower blossoms that dotted his braids did nothing to soften the sheer intensity that rippled off of the horse lord.

“Everything you said is true. The monarchy that exists in the world of men has rotted from the inside out over generations. The lust for power has grown like a wicked vine and choked the honor from the line that extended from King Azrah.”

Yoongi paused, watching as Haakon tilted his head and appraised the conviction of Yoongi’s words.

“When I am King, I will rip that vile weed out, root and all. Then one day I will call on you, and ask you to stand in my court as my counsel and guide me as I strive to be the king that my ancestor swore to be, all those years ago. I can not undo the atrocities of my ancestors, My Lord. I cannot even beg on my knees for forgiveness, but I can spend my life ensuring the world can never again fall out of balance.” Yoongi continued to project his words, wanting those that had quieted around them to feel the truth of his soul that hung to every word he spoke.

Haakon’s shoulders softened, his eyes filled with what seemed to Yoongi as something akin to recognition, becoming slowly painted with a sense of familiarity.

The great Lord took a step back, taking a knee and bowing low at the waist, “I eagerly await the day, Prince Min.” He rose and smiled with a hint of admiration down at Yoongi, who returned the admiration with a bow of his own. The centaur turned from him, crossing the room to bow at the seat of King Park, who rose quickly from his throne and embraced Haakon like an old friend.

Taehyung sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger, “How many more must I speak to tonight?” he grumbled darkly. His energy was running dangerously low, and his patience was all consumed for this evening.

“As many that call on you,” King Park said sternly. “As is your duty as their King.”

“Oh, you're just grumpy cause Yoon was dancing with a pretty boy.” Jimin giggled wickedly as Tae stared darkly past his fingers at him, the shadows on the walls of the ballroom started to dance around them.

Jimin lightly swatted his forearm, “Stop that or you’ll scare away all our lovely guests.”

Tae sighed again, closing his eyes trying to quiet the dragon that hadn’t stopped roaring in him since he watched Yoongi trace his fingers across that man’s antlers. Goddess, when did he become this possessive? How he hadn’t burned the castle to the ground with the rage that rolled through him like a tsunami was truly a feat of the goddess. He was actually quite proud of himself for how well he tempered himself to respond as respectfully as he did, though he felt sorry for the poor fae lord who had been standing in front of him as he darkly excused himself and strode with purpose towards the pair of them as they laughed and spiraled carelessly around the dance floor.

“Did you see,” his eyes flicked to Yoongi who was giggling against Seokjin’s shoulder in the corner of the room, “-how he runs from me..”

“Aye, that he did, didn't he.” Jimin said a little frown forming on his full lips as he spoke. “Maybe it was because you were being a big scary territorial dragon.”

Tae clenched his jaw and sighed heavily, “I think I preferred it better when you were simply a cute weasel.”

“Ouch.” Jimin giggled.

“The only thing that will challenge you more in this world than ruling, is love, dear child.” The elder’s voice was soft as he spoke, his eyes fondly admiring the happiness that poured from Yoongi. “And just like being a King, you will make mistakes and you will stumble.”

“ I do not know what to do..” Tae whispered, still peering around his hand at Yoongi, “I’ve decided the outcome of wars, lead man and beast to their death,

and yet this one man…”

“Have you told him the truth of your heart?” The elder pursed his lips.

“No, he runs from me every time I get close..”

“He runs because you let him.” His Uncle spoke flatly, and Tae sighed again. That was the second time tonight he was told that by the Park family, and he hated that he saw the truth in it.

“He’s lost, and he’s been alone all this time, both of you have.” Jimin’s voice was softer now, and Tae glanced over at him, his anger softening substantially under the softness of his expression. “You have the benefit of your age and knowledge Tae-ah, he knows nothing. They didn’t teach him

. He doesn’t understand the nature of the magic that flows between you.” Jimin ran his hand across his forearm, “You have to be his teacher now, Tae-ah.”

Tae hummed thoughtfully as he watched Yoongi walk from across the ballroom, his gaze wrapping around him protectively as he ascended the stairs and left the room behind him. He shifted forward, patting Jimin’s hand lightly, “If you’ll excuse me my friend.”

“Be nice!” Jimin called after him, and he felt a smile that pulled at the corners of his mouth.

It had taken him a minute, but he finally found a terrace that spilled out over the mountain side. The haze of the mead and the noise of the crowded room had started to take its toll on him, and he found himself in need of fresh air. He smiled to himself as he leaned over the stone bannister, taking in the beautiful moonlit sights that stretched before him. How magical this all was, how beautiful to be a part of. No one in that room had sneered, or retracted from the three human lords who stood shyly in the corners of it. There had been such respect, such peace, and from that peace sprung the ability to feel true happiness. The kind of peace that allowed Seokjin to linger in the arms of Namjoon, unafraid of the consequences. 

He smiled widely to himself, fondly locking away the memory of the two of them happily intertwined somewhere safe in his mind.

“You look happy.”

He didn’t have to turn, the swirling heat in the pit of his stomach told him who now stood on this terrace with him.

“That’s because I am.” Yoongi smiled drunkenly playful over his shoulder at Tae, who stood near the door behind him, a soft smile pulling at the edges of his beautiful lips as his eyes narrowed gazed with such fondness towards him.

Yoongi spun to lean his back against the bannister, his inebriated mind filtering his actions less and less with each passing moment as he openly trailed his eyes across Tae’s exposed abdomen. Goddess, he just wanted to fall carelessly and recklessly head first into this man’s arms. He licked his lips, a frown forming as the truth of his life started to sober him.

“But it’s just a dream,” He spoke so quietly, mostly to himself, “-soon I’ll wake and have returned to my own palace. I’ll marry, and claim my throne and spend a lifetime trying to clean up the havoc my family wrecked on this world.” 

His gaze rose, as he hesitantly appraised Tae who was slowly closing the distance between them. His eyes widening with every slow step he took, as Tae didn’t stop until he stood merely inches from him. Yoongi blinked up at him, his train of thought rapidly being derailed as Tae’s breath rolled over his skin and shifted his bangs across his brow. 

“You’ll marry?..”

Tae’s voice was so deep, so husky, and Yoongi imagined that’s what it would sound like first thing in the morning. Yoongi nodded slowly, his mouth running dry as his tongue tried to moisten his lips unsuccessfully. He was burning mercilessly again, the heat consuming him and swirling dangerously around them. He closed his eyes slowly, desperately trying to regulate his breathing as he had begun almost panting under the intensity of the dragon’s gaze upon his face.

Tae’s hands came to rest on the bannister on either side of him, his breath growing hotter by the second as it caressed every exposed inch of the skin of his face and neck. Hot, like it had last night under those furs as they laid tangled under the stars, and Yoongi was growing unhinged as he yearned for more of it. Yearned to feel it wrap around every ounce of everything that Yoongi was in this life.

“Is that what you want…?”

Tae’s voice was so low, and so very very sweet, it washed over him like hot liquid and made him want to roll his head to the side and present the dragon he felt stirring inside Tae his neck. The mere idea of feeling his fangs against his throat raised goosebumps across his sensitive skin.

“I don’t have a choice..” Yoongi breathed, there was no chance he'd ever find his voice in this moment. He was unsure if this ocean of heat that crashed over them was growing more intense everytime they drew close, or if his tolerance for it was just quickly evaporating. 

“That’s not what I asked..”

Tae’s nose brushed across his brow as he spoke. Yoongi’s hands trembled against the bannister, his body growing weak under the intensity of the energy between them. It was so very intense, he’d never experienced anything like it, even when they had shared the oath of a familiar bond it wasn’t like this. It hadn’t made his legs shake and his breath run ragged.

“It doesn’t matter what I want..” Yoongi’s voice was all airy, and he made the mistake of opening his eyes only to find himself eye level with Tae’s perfect chest.  A glow caught his attention, and his eyes trailed over the scars that lay over Tae’s heart. They were beginning to glow the same amber as his eyes, the very same amber as they had done in that cave.

Tae’s long fingers curled gently under his chin, lifting his eyes so they couldn’t avoid his amber ones.

“It matters to me.”

The breaths that were coming faster than they should, slowed instantly in his glowing gaze, Yoongi peering from one eye to the other, feeling so drawn in by them it made the hairs across his body stand on end. But not in a way that made you shrink from danger, but in the way that made your legs tremble in moments of passion.

“Tell me..” Taehyung drew his thumb across Yoongi’s bottom lip and he felt his heart skip several beats inside his chest. His mind couldn’t reconcile himself with how Tae was looking at him, with how Tae was touching him.

“Tae-ah..You’re my famil-”

“I’m not talking to you as your familiar,” Tae’s grip tightened slightly on his chin.

“-I’m talking to you as a man.”

Yoongi’s eyes bounced quickly between his again, surely he must be hearing him wrong.

Tae drew out his name in a low sweet breathy way that made his thighs ache so badly he could barely withstand it, “Tell me now, that all you feel radiating in your core is simply the love a master bares it’s servant and I’ll be content with spending your lifetime at your feet as your loyal pet.

Tae leaned forward, his eyes finally leaving his to peer full of want down at Yoongi’s parted lips. Yoongi’s heart crashed rapidly in his chest, his soul begging for him to act upon all the instincts rampaging their way through his body at that moment. Tae’s thumb was still rolling back and forth across Yoongi’s bottom lip as he spoke, occasionally dipping the tip deeper where moistness still lingered, and Yoongi was coming undone at the seams with every second that passed.

“-if you feel it too, this cord that pulls taunt every time you leave the space I occupy. If you feel the maddening emptiness inside every second you don’t feel this heat that radiates between us. If you dream at night of laying warm against my skin and passionately calling out my name, well then…”

Tae’s eyes flicked with flames as they now peered directly into Yoongi’s and conversed with his rabid, touch starved soul.

“-that’s a much different story..”

Yoongi swallowed roughly, his mouth had gone from dry to watering. He let his eyes fall to Tae’s lips that hung in the air so very very near to his own, rolling his tongue across his own. He was panting now, he could feel the blood and arousal that had painted his features for many moments now, and yet he did not care. His self control was rapidly leaving him, his doubt seeping out of his pores to be taken elsewhere by the mountain breeze that swirled around them.

Tae slowly tilted his head back more as he breathed his name once more, the distance closing even more between them as Yoongi felt his hot breath dancing across his damp lips, “Tell me what it is that you want...”

He exhaled the word before he could think it through, his back arching him willfully against Tae’s chest without his permission, his eyes never leaving Tae’s perfect mouth. He felt Tae’s hand card the hair at the base of his skull as he wrapped his large hand slowly around his head, cradling it gently as he tilted his face to be able to peer down into Yoongi’s eyes.

Yoongi practically whined his name, his body continuing to arch forward towards him as Tae’s shoulders curled down around him. Tae’s other arm snaked its way around Yoongi waist, his hand spreading wide as it trailed it way firmly up Yoongi’s spine. He was becoming encased by him, and Yoongi’s eyes fell heavily closed as he savored  the heavenly sensation of Tae’s hands across him. He opened them after a moment, purposely staring back into the dragon's waiting eyes that burned so brightly in the night his cheeks had started to glow under them.

“I want you,” Yoongi finally breathed, the truth of his soul that he had been denying all this time spilling heatedly from his lips as Tae’s gaze returned to his mouth, “You are the one thing...

I have ever wanted..

in my entire life.”

There was no reservation that lingered in Tae’s mouth as he wrapped it firmly around Yoongi’s, and Yoongi parted his lips willingly and obediently for his tongue as it ran deeply across the inside of his mouth. He was kissing him, Taehyung was kissing him and it was the best thing his body had ever felt in his entire life. He felt the sharp and gentle kisses of Tae’s fangs as they grazed his lips, and he felt a moan caught in his throat.

Yoongi moved eagerly forward, his hands fisting in Tae’s curls, his crown clattering to the ground beside them. He opened his mouth further, tilting his head back wickedly to allow Tae as much access to the inside of him as his tongue desired. Tae squeezed him tightly, lifting him from the ground as he greedily accepted Yoongi’s invitation, his tongue twisting in the most blissful ways with his own. Yoongi moaned into his mouth, finding the taste of him against his tongue both delicious and addicting.

There was a rumble deep in Tae’s chest, and it made Yoongi moan again against his lips. He loved that sound, he wanted to hear more of it, he was growing ravenous to do so. Tae lifted him more against him, resting his forearm under Yoongi’s ass to support him against his bare chest. He helped Tae bear his weight as he wrapped his legs around his waist, his thighs trembling slightly as they squeezed him tight.

Yoongi’s hands fell from his hair, pressing both of his hands against the muscles that rippled across his torso. His body felt better than it looked under his hands, and Yoongi wanted to run his mouth across every inch of it. He ran his hands downwards, not an ounce of shame as he let his fingertips careers the torso Tae had been teasing him with for weeks now.

Tae created distance between their mouths, leaning his forehead against Yoongi’s as they both gasped for air. His hand shifting from his hair to cradle the side of his face, his thumb caressing the apple of his cheek as he gazed lovingly at him. His irises were swirling with light, and Yoongi was immediately lost in them.

“You’re mine,” Tae breathed, “You’ve always been mine.”

Yoongi titled his head slightly, lifting his hands from the sculpted chest they errantly trailed themselves across to pet both sides of Tae’s wildly beautiful face,

  he cooed, delighted an ungodly amount by the rumble that returned to Tae’s chest as he spoke those words.

“Yes,” Tae pulled Yoongi’s lip slowly into his mouth, the sensation of him softly sucking on it made Yoongi’s eyes roll back, “I’m yours.”

“He’s more myself than I am.

Whatever our souls are made of,

His and mine are the same.”

  Mood:  "Baldur" by Osi and The Jupiter

He did not know how long they had been standing there, lost in the sensations of consuming one another slowly, time had no effect on his mind anymore. Between their mouths, and their hands, they took their time intertwining themselves with the other. He was breathless. He was burning. He was Tae’s. “Tae-ah,” He breathed, running the bridge of his nose across his jaw line, “I want to fly, let’s fly again..” He felt the smile that formed against his brow, shadow and ash already rippling through the air around them. “Anything for you, my love.” He left him with a soft kiss to his temple before taking several strides back from him, hoping like a cat to stand on the bannister, Tae’s whole face lit up in a wicked smile. Yoongi couldn’t help but to smile back at him, as he stood swaying in place and readjusting his robes from where Tae’s hands had disheveled them. He’d already seen it several times already, but he still found himself utterly enamored by Tae’s transformation. Clouded arms of shadow blacker than black, speckled like the night sky with little specks of embers and ash, emanating from him and swirling like torrents around him. Then he was gone, tilted his body ever so slightly and fell from the balcony. Yoongi stepped forward to peer over, his hand landing on the bannister the same time the dragon's black talons wrapped daintily around it. It’s black wings stretched out grandly on either side of him, all the lines across them catching silver in the moonlight. It’s great horned head snaking its way down to peer one amber eye into Yoongi’s as he stood admiring him on the terrace. Yoongi closed the distance between them, laying his hands flat against the scales of his necks. He ran them slowly across them, taking in every curve, and every divot. They glistened like volcanic glass in the moonlight and they were more beautiful than any gem Yoongi had ever beheld in his life. He kept moving, running his hands up the length of his neck, smiling as a deep rumble started to radiate from his chest, like a pur almost. He came to the edges of his jaw, and he took his time exploring the spikes and horns that twisted like black daggers from him. The dragon tilted his face, bringing it closer to Yoongi’s wandering hands. He turned, running them across the smaller smoother scales of his large chiseled cheekbone, his eyes staring into his swirling amber one the entire time. He reached up to run his hands up the small spikes that lined his brow, another rumble rolling through the beast below his finger tips. “Are you going to ride me? Or just pet me all night?” Tae’s true breathy voice poured sweetly into his mind, and he loved the sensation of it. “I can do both if you ask nicely enough.” He found it very amusing to hear a dragon sigh, Tae’s large fire filled eye rolling slowly closed next to his palms that lingered on his cheek. A smile stretched itself widely across his face, amused with his own wit and the reaction that rippled through the dragon before him. He giggled to himself, reaching for the horns he had clung to before, easily pulling himself upwards to straddle the wide neck of his black as night dragon. He hooked his heels tightly around the spikes that lined the corner of his jaw, pressing himself tightly to the back of Tae’s skull as he gently shifted from the terrace. Clearly trying not to do any damage to Jimin’s birthplace as he dismounted the castle and sent them both into the night. Upward, they were going upward, the clouds kissing Yoongi’s face once more. He closed his eyes, lavishing in every sensation, every moment they were together like this. Tae spread his great black wings in opposite directions from one another, making them spiral slowly as they ascended. Yoongi giggled, holding on to his horns tighter. Yoongi felt joy radiating from Tae. Sheer, unadulterated joy. It was so much more intense than any happiness that Yoongi had ever experienced with him so far, and it was intoxicating. They paused, hanging momentarily still in the air, Yoongi spread his arms from his body, as the dragon’s great form arched backwards. They plummeted head over tail downwards, Yoongi adjusted quickly, his body pressed tight to the dragon below him, his hands gripping the spikes that seemed made for him to hold.  He opened his eyes, not caring about the wind that stung them, and continued to smile widely as he watched the earth come careening back towards them.   'Faster.'  He grinned to himself, and Tae rumbled, tucking his wings so tightly to his body they seemingly melted into him. Their speed increased exponentially, they moved like a falling star recklessly fast towards the mountain earth below them. Yoongi could barely hold open his eyes now, he pressed even further still into Tae, his chin resting on the black skull he leaned against. Here he found refuge against the wind behind the spikes that broke it up some before it could burn past his face.  Tae’s black wings expanded away from him quickly, catching the air like beautiful kites, the back draft from their halted momentum making the ancient pines below them bow deeply. He loved it when he did that, he couldn’t help throwing his head back and laughing as they lingered there hovering. ‘It’s amazing,  it’s so amazing!”  he chanted, holding his hands outwards and twisting them in the spring night air as Tae flapped his wings to hover and rumbled back at him. He leaned forward, running as much of his upper body as he could over Tae’s forehead and brow, “You are amazing, my dragon. My beautiful dragon.” The beast closed its eyes, the rumble growing to vibrate across all of his scales, and all the way through Yoongi’s body. He had to close his own, the sensation washing over him and catching his breath in his throat. He leaned his face downwards, resting it on Tae as he tilted forward and beat his great wings to propel them southwards over the pine. He couldn’t help himself, the vibration that ran through his body had spiked admiration and arousal to new heights as it ran hot through his blood. He continued to run his hands across him, more slowly this time, more intentional. Tae was both beast and man, and both sides of him were breathtakingly stunning to behold, both sides of him were everything that Yoongi did not realize he was missing all of his life. He tilted his face, running his open lips across him now, a rumble building and washing over both of them as they flew. Goddess, his skin was so very hot now, a fire began to crawl over every inch of him and he wanted nothing more than to be consumed by it. The ever green and teal pines began to slow around them, Tae’s pace transitioning to a glide through the canopy. They were rising in elevation now, and Yoongi sat up to peer ahead of them. “I want to show you something.” Yoongi squinted, the form of an ancient castle cresting a long since eroded and rounded mountain summit. It glowed with white edges under the moonlight, it’s architecture familiar and yet not. Yoongi had never seen this place before, not even depicted in books like Jimin’s palace had been. “Where are we?” he mumbled. 

 Yoongi felt the word as much as he heard it echo through him, pouring bittersweet across him like a nostalgic memory. They circled once, Tae allowing him to look upon all it’s spires and dragon statues carved into its aged stone face. A sense of Deja-vu washed over him completely, it felt like a haze, like he was experiencing all of this for the very first time, and the very first time in a very long time.  They landed, Yoongi spilling from him and walking willfully forward, his hands trailing over the stone walls. He felt the wind shift back towards Tae, the shadows pulling at the fallen leaves that had gathered at his feet. His gaze peered down the halls that stretched in several directions from the courtyard in which they had landed. He knitted his brow, a curiosity, and an unanswered question he needed to seek out, calling him forward. He turned to the left, trailing slowly up a spiraling staircase, his body acutely aware of Tae slowly following him, while his mind grew more intently focused on the way this place was making him feel. The stairs spiraled seemingly endlessly, he paused as he passed a large window, his hands trailing over the earthen and weed covered bed that hung on the other side. He ran his hands across the dirt, his fingers digging into it as they went. “It’s a-” Tae's lovely hushed tones began, but he didn't need to tell him for he already knew. “Nest…. It’s a nest.” Yoongi mumbled, turning from it and gazing further up the stairs, the arch of the moonlit room ahead of them calling his name ever so softly in the darkest and most forgotten edges of his mind. He continued forward, ignoring the probing curious energy of Tae's that was wrapping around him, having no answer to give him. His hand unconsciously found the carved motif that ran like a ribbon across the walls of the stairwell, his fingers tracing over the dragons that were carved into it ages ago. The staircase spilled them out into a large stone room, lined with grand columns and arched windows that opened to large terraces on either side. That was a common theme that Yoongi had already identified, so many floor to ceiling open windows they had passed already, like the castle was designed to connect its inhabitants always with the sky.  On the far end of the room stood a massive fireplace, big enough for Yoongi to easily step into and walk casually inside, several strange colored stones resting neatly in iron on the soot covered floor of it. In the center of the room, was a hot spring, still steaming in the moonlight, it's waters the most lovely shade of blue. Yoongi couldn't help but to feel that the whole castle had been built around this singular room, around this singular spring. Yoongi's eyes moved on their own, finding quickly what he didn't know he was seeking, nestled between two of the beautifully open terraces was a statue. Before he realized it his body was already moving to look more closely at it. It was beautifully and ornately carved from a pure black stone, depicting a great dragon wrapped around the sitting form of a beautiful man, its head resting sweetly in his lap. His fingers trailed over the base of it, finding writing carved there. He knelt to examine it but found himself knowing too little of Tae's dragonborne tongue to decipher it properly. "What does this say?" He turned to look at Tae who had knelt silently before the fireplace, running his hand over the strange colored stone, fire taking life everywhere he touched with his glowing red fingers. It was distracting, and mesmerizing, to watch Tae's ancient magic pour from him so effortlessly. "For the flame of mine that burns brightest in this world." Tae's voice was rich as honey as he peered with glowing eyes over his shoulder at him. Tae rose, walking slowly around the spring that poured steam into the bath house around them, his glowing flame covered hand lighting the stone candelabras that adorned the pillars that held up the grand ceiling that hung high above them. "This bath house was a gift, from King Lars, to his mate.." "King Azrah.." Yoongi mumbled, rising to better take in the sight of the room glowing gold with fire light. His eyes wandered across all the dragons carved in flight across the ceiling above him. "So," He stilled on the opposite side of the steaming bath from Yoongi, his eyes appraising him amusedly, "I see you've been an attentive student for Prince Park." The corners of his perfect mouth pulled slightly upwards as he held his wrists in front of him. Yoongi took a moment to step from his dire need to understand the familiarity of this castle's halls, to linger fondly on Tae's very lovely form wrapped in fire light. He stood tall, confident and relaxed, his kingly kimono and garb still draped elegantly from him. He looked like he belonged here, the room complemented every feature of Tae that Yoongi had fallen in love with. Of Course to say ‘fallen in love with’ implied what Yoongi felt was something that had come to him slowly, like a blooming tree, built up and greening over time. But that was not the case, Yoongi had loved him from the moment his waking eyes had beheld him. It had simply taken him all this time to realize that it wasn’t the call of a familiar that burned him up in that cave. "I enjoy learning." Yoongi smiled, slowly starting to walk around the bath to close the distance between them. He reached up, taking his time undoing the front of his robes as he went, allowing the heavy outer layer tumble to the stone below him. But he didn’t stop there, peeling off more layers as he went. “Obviously..” Tae mumbled, his eyes growing wide as they darkened with an intensity that was making Yoongi’s skin heat deliciously under its touch as it wrapped around him. Tae’s eyes never left his though, as Yoongi kept slowly moving towards him, pausing only to remove his boots. Until he stood before him, his body only bearing the scars of his life, and the long white satin trousers he bore under his robes. Yoongi tilted his head, smiling sweetly up at Tae, who’s eyes had finally taken a moment to appraise him.“What are you doing?” His voice was so deep, it immediately began to melt Yoongi’s insides. He could listen to this man talk forever, but right now he wanted to draw much different noises from his perfect mouth. “Whatever it is that I want..” Yoongi smiled from ear to ear, reaching up to untie Tae’s kimono from his shoulder. Tae’s face followed him, leaning in closer to him ever so slightly, the heat they both loved starting to roll in the space between them. One side of the gilded black fabric slipped from Tae’s shoulders, and Yoongi moved to untie the other. “You see,” He began softly, his eyes on the task he set his fingertips too, “-all my life my decisions have been made for me. What I could learn. Who I could see. The kind of king I should be..” The other side released itself from Tae’s divine being and hit the stone below them with a soft thud. Yoongi placed his hands on Tae’s chest, the small clench that rippled through the dragon’s jaw as he ran his hand slowly across the front of him did not escape him. He reveled in the heat of Tae’s body under his palms, spreading his fingers wide. “You speak so often of the slumber you resigned yourself too all that time ago, where you laid down to die, till I awoke the will to live again in your heart.  But you see,”  Yoongi’s hands had made their way to the hem of his pants, and he took his time running his fingertips across the sensitive skin that lingered just above it, “  -it is you  that truly awoke something inside of me, something I  never  knew existed.” “What was that..” Tae’s voice had grown so very husky, and so very lovely. Yoongi paused, closing his eyes to collect himself, before opening them to look with all the fondness that resonated within him into Tae’s lovely fire filled eyes. “A King.”  He smiled as Tae’s eyebrows flicked ever so slightly, clearly confused as to what he meant. He moved from the front of him, trailing his hand across Tae’s body as he spiraled around him. “I never  wanted  to be King.” he spoke more softly now, as he stilled behind Tae, placing both of his palms flat against his back and letting them explore as they desired across the rippling muscles that defined him. “I never  wanted  this life, I only did what was decided for me, like the good prince they told me I was. I resigned myself to a fate that hung so heavily over me it drowned out my heart under an ocean I  never thought it would rise from.” He moved his hands upwards, unlatching the collar Tae bore and gently removing it from his shoulders before tossing it to the floor. He moved again, continuing his circle, his hand across him as he went. He stilled at his side, his hands running up then back down the length of his arm before raising his wrist and undoing the clasp of his bracelet.  “But then you pulled me from that river,” he breathed the words as he ran his hand across the large flat palm of Tae's, interlacing their fingers together and pulling the back of Tae’s hand to his mouth, “and you breathed life into me once more.” He kissed the skin that made its home on top of Tae’s hand, his eyes looking past their hands into Tae’s ever darkening gaze, his lashes hanging low and framing the swirling amber irises in black velvet.  “You pulled me from that ocean.” He released his hand, moving across the front of him to his other hand, raising it gently to remove the cuff from his wrist. “Now, I  want  to be king. I  want  to stand with you by my side and build a world where you and all those we love will never know the fear of persecution again.” He lifted this hand as well, kissing Tae’s wrist gently before releasing it to hang softly at Tae’s side. 

 Yoongi turned to face him once more, laying his hands on his broad chest, smiling softly to himself as he ran them across the length of the pink scars that decorated his perfectly sculpted torso. Tae’s scars he earned from saving his life, once more. How many ways, and how many times has this man saved him already? “That throne is mine, and I will have it..” He looked up, his hands trailing up the sides of Tae’s long neck, his thumbs now caressing the sides of his dragon’s face as he peered down at him with such heat and such love. The room had grown so very hot now, the steam from the spring starting to paint the air around them white. “-and You are mine, and I will have you too  . It is the most precious truth I own, Tae-ah.” he paused, lingering his gaze in one eye, then the other, “You are mine,  you have always been mine  , and even if you turn and flee from this room to bury yourself deep once more, never wishing to see the light of day again. I  will  find you,  I will always find you  , and unearth you on a moonless night with bare and loving hands. You can  never  escape me, Tae-ah..I..” he paused, his throat betraying him under the tsunami of emotions racing over him.  Tae leaned down over him, his eyes lingering on Yoongi’s mouth as he spoke,  “Say it..”  “I love you..” Yoongi breathed. Mood:  "Noodlot Proloog- Acoustic" by Sowulo

Then he was no longer standing, instead he was draped over Tae’s shoulders as he cradled his ass with one large hand, the other running passionately through Yoongi’s hair as Tae’s tongue filled his mouth completely. Yoongi moaned around it, the sensations rippling through his body casting the last of any shame or doubt he might feel into the flames that burned across them both. Tae's long fingers wrapped around the hem of his satin trousers that hung low on his back, pulling them quickly from Yoongi's body, all the while holding him pressed firmly against his chest. He carried Yoongi forward, his mouth wrapping around Yoongi's so desperately it was hard to breathe around, and Yoongi thought if this was the way he died he'd gladly embrace death as an old friend. He didn't realize Tae was entering the spring until the water wrapped around his hips, his thighs squeezing Tae's waist tightly as he gasped at its cool touch. He glanced downward, the water was steaming, it's surface disrupted by the heated vents bubbling up from the ground below.  "It's cold."  Yoongi exhaled. Tae's hand cupped itself around his chin, bringing their mouths together once more, "I know, it'll warm." Tae murmured, running his tongue so deliciously deep into Yoongi’s mouth, and Yoongi found himself absolutely enamored with how sweet he tasted. He moaned again, pulling at Tae’s hair as he arched against him. He wanted more, more of this man, anywhere and every Tae could exist in his world, he wanted it.  He needed it.  Even if, and it seemed highly likely that it would be the course of things, Tae made love to him till he couldn't walk or even breathe right, he knew it wasn't enough. It wouldn't be close enough, there wouldn't be enough of Tae lingering in him in the morning. He knew what he wanted. He knew what words to say, now he only hoped that Tae wanted the same. He pulled their mouths apart, resting their foreheads together while he peered, with what he knew were eyes full of need for what only Tae could give him, down into the crystallized and glowing honey colored eyes of the most beautiful man that existed in this world. "My name is what your heart called out into the long night,”  he spoke the words slowly, articulating every one with the deep intent his soul he wished to convey, watching Tae's face soften with realization as he spoke, “-and I have come.." "Do you..do you  know  what you are saying.." He whispered, so many emotions pooling in his eyes that Yoongi couldn’t tell what he was feeling or thinking. “I do.” Tae’s hands were free of his waist in the water and on his face in a flurry, his thumbs running rhythmically across the apples of Yoongi’s cheeks as tears started to pool in his eyes. Now it was Yoongi’s turn to soften, leaning forward to run parted lips across the cashmere lashes that had grown damp under Tae’s emotions. “How do you even know them?” Tae whispered, his eyebrow knitting tightly in the center. Yoongi smiled, running his fingers through Tae’s curls, watching the firelight catch playfully across his silky and wild strands, “King Azrah’s journal..” A few moment’s passed between them, an anxiousness starting to build in Yoongi’s muscles as he pressed a feather light kiss to Tae’s forehead. Tae leaned forward, running his lips across Yoongi’s collarbone, the tip of his nose grazing his neck as Tae moved. Yoongi closed his eyes, rolling his head slightly and baring his neck to Tae.  “Yoon-ah,” Tae started to drag his teeth upwards across the front of his neck as he spoke, “-you’ll be mine forever, even after this life has faded and the grey veil welcomes us home,  and even longer still  . Till time has ended, or the Goddess returns us back to the star dust that she bore us from.  You know that right?”  Yoongi opened his eyes, the sound of thunder rolling outside catching his attention, he watched as the rain fell hard against the stone terraces around them. The sound of it as it danced with the crackling fire noises and echoed from every arch in the room was so vivid he could feel it in his body. It was beautiful, it made him feel alive, almost as alive as Tae’s fangs pressed tenderly against his throat.  “It still wouldn’t be long enough to be yours.” Yoongi exhaled, smiling at the rumble that rolled into the water around them as it emanated from Tae’s chest. One of Tae’s hands came to cradle the back of his head, leaning them both forward till Yoongi floated in his arms on the surface of the water. He ran his tongue slowly and intentionally up the length of Yoongi’s throat, and Yoongi arched from the water towards him, moaning softly at the touch. He wanted this, he wanted it so bad his whole body was aching. Tae was the blissful release of a lifetime of misery, the home he had finally returned to, and he wanted nothing more than to belong to him till the universe was an afterthought. Yoongi let out a long deep shuddered breath as a wave of immense heat washed over him, but it wasn’t just one, the waves kept coming. They came rapidly one after another, wrecking the sandy shore that was his soul, washing away all the things he thought he was in this world and leaving the true him exposed and burning. The rate at which they were rolling over him was very quickly changing his ability to breathe, he found himself beginning to lightly gasp, his fingers tugging lightly in Tae’s hair.  “Yoongi-ah..” Tae’s voice was firm and strong, yet made of warm honey mead that burned as it spilled across him. “Say it again.” Yoongi tilted his face back towards Tae, who’s eyes were glowing even more so now. Yoongi found it amazing that he lingered in such heated peace in this spring, while a storm rattled the mountain around them. The sounds of thunder and rain rolling heavily through the room they embraced each other so passionately within. “It’s storming.” Yoongi whispered, his eyes avoiding Tae’s so he could collect his thoughts. Tae’s affections had temporarily wiped his mind of anything that wasn’t Tae’s fangs across him in that moment. “They say there’s never more magic in this world than during a lightning storm.” Tae spoke softly, a smile pulling at his lips, “Are you stalling now?” Yoongi pulled his lips tightly across his face, blushing three shades deeper than before, “No, just collecting my thoughts that you recklessly scattered.” He eyed Tae in mock annoyance, who began to devilishly smile at him.  “Oh?  Did you like my fangs against you that much?” His voice grew deeper much to Yoongi’s delight and surprise, he could feel it vibrating through the water around his thighs and sent another wave of arousal coursing through his veins. Tae shifted forward in a flash, lining his throat with open mouth kisses that trailed fangs lightly across Yoongi’s sensitive skin.  “Goddess..”  Yoongi exhaled, the thoughts he had gathered slipping from his grip to fly away in the winds of the storm that raged around them. “Do you think she will help you?” Tae grinned at him, “She’s the one that made you for me.” Tae grew more passionate now, his hands traveling across every part of Yoongi’s body, his palms pressing firmly and leaving nothing but heat with every pass.  Yoongi heard a new noise, and he cracked his eyes to peer curiously down at the water around them, it had begun to bubble. His eyes scanned the turbulent surface of the light blue waters that foamed white under the boil it had come too. Now that he thought of it, the water was no longer cold to the touch, but oddly enough he found it not hot enough. Yoongi tilted his face again, resting his lips against Tae’s cheek. "My name is what your heart called out into the long night, and I have come..”  Tae growled under him, pressing them tightly together, “You are the flame that burned brightest when my night was darkest..” Tae’s voice poured out of him smooth and low as he pulled back from Yoongi, his eyes appraising every inch of Yoongi’s neck below him.  “I am yours.” Yoongi whispered, getting lost in the heat that had intensified again, watching the light that arched from Tae’s eyes and kissed his cheeks. Another light began to pool between them, and Yoongi glanced downwards, his eyes falling on the amber light that had lit the form of their scars over their hearts.  “You are mine.” Tae growled, the light on his chest burning rivers of gold and red across his skin as he spoke. They snaked their way slowly across him, painting his body like the northern lights that had painted the mountain night sky above Jimin’s palace. Tae looked into Yoongi’s eyes again, and everything else fell silently away from him. It’s like they were the only two in existence, and they lived in a world built just for them. Tae cupped his chin, running his thumb across the length of Yoongi’s jaw. “To you, I willingly bind myself.” Yoongi’s voice was coming to him roughly, he trailed his fingers across the lines of light that lined Tae’s shoulder, delighting in their heat on his fingertips. They were so very hot to the touch, like little rivers of lava that flowed purposely outwards from Tae’s dragon heart. “Never to be unbound, even unto death.” Tae looked down at his throat, his fangs extending as he spoke, his thumb gently tilting Yoongi’s face back away from him. Yoongi’s head slightly dipped into the water, but he didn’t mind it's bubbling caress. This was it, the moment he’d been longing for all of his life. Yoongi closed his eyes, feeling the heat of Tae’s breath burning him like dragon fire in the most unearthly and blissful way as it washed over his throat and shoulders. Tae’s lips were hovering over the spot he had spent several moments admiring on Yoongi’s throat, almost like he was hesitating.  “Tae-ah..”  he breathed,  “-make me yours..”  He felt it, the small little pops of his skin under the sharpened points of Tae’s fangs, but that was all there was to it. No pain,  but Goddess , in its place was a rolling river of flames. Yoongi was finally burning, burning from the inside out with the intensity he had been yearning for so long now. He felt all that was Tae’s dragonborn soul pouring into him, and his mind became awash with his memories as they streamed through in a blur of sadness and agony like glowing rivers of light through his mind. It wasn’t like he was seeing it through Tae’s eyes, it’s like he was experiencing Tae’s life as the Goddess herself would, traveling invisible alongside him. All the while, their bond was deepening by the second as Tae’s soul ran rampant through Yoongi’s very veins, connecting him to Tae’s emotions in a way he couldn’t have ever imagined.  ‘Wait.’  Yoongi felt himself reach forward in his mind, plucking a singular one from the river he now had access to, and he found himself kneeling alongside Tae. He turned his face, watching the ashes that filled the air around them as they danced with the Eastern wind into the sunrise. His eyes trailed over the sadness that painted itself heavily over Tae’s features as he watched his parents in their final flight. Yoongi felt his own heart breaking inside of his chest. He looked up, his mind picking another memory for the river running beautifully through his existence blending the two of them. He knew that when this river had ran its course there would be no part left of Yoongi that wasn’t embraced by Tae. In his mind, his hand collected a little pool of light and pulled it down across the front of him spreading the droplets of memories through the air in front of him. The sight of Tae’s ancient and moss covered true form filling his mind, one singular eye popping open as the scent of blood filled the cavern in which he had dwelled for so long. It’s amber iris fixed on Yoongi’s lifeless form that drifted lifelessly past him. Yoongi felt the cord that was struck between them in that moment, a soft voice that echoed in the depths of Tae’s soul whispering  ‘Not him.’    More memories from their time inside the cave streamed rapidly in front of him, radiating off one droplet, then another. Tae standing curiously over him, watching the fever begin to claim him. Tae hurriedly scaling the cliffs outside the cave to harvest different herbs to brew to heal him. Tae coaching himself on how to gently touch another living thing before cradling Yoongi’s head in his lap to press the herbal tea to his lips. Yoongi felt the worry that consumed him that Yoongi would perish, perish before Tae could know why he’d been so drawn to keep him alive. But there was something else, something buried in all these memories that struck him, something faded and grey. A memory of a memory, so faded even Tae’s soul could barely paint it well. It was of a valley, shrouded in mist, a great tree tangling itself into the sky, it’s roots twisting recklessly away from it. A beautiful green meadow, so green the mist heavy air itself was the same color as the tall dark blades of grass that grew beneath it, saturated with magic and an ancient hum.  In it’s center, the silhouette of a man, his long black hair blowing elegantly in the winds stirred by big black wings.  “Yoon-ah..”  Tae’s voice brought him back to his own body. He opened his eyes, blinking quickly as it adjusted to the amount of light that greeted them. He looked down across his body, the light that had been burning it’s way across Tae’s body now covered his own skin. He held up a hand, admiring the light that swirled ivy-like rivers across his flesh. Finger tips grazed something in the air, and he tilted his face to see better. He couldn’t quite see it, but he could feel it, the essence of shadow that draped over them both. He flattened his hand, running his palm over the echo of Tae’s black wing that hung darkly over the pair of them intertwined in that boiling spring, little sparks and embers spilling over his finger tips at the touch.  “My love,” the back of Tae’s fingers caressed the apple of his cheek, and Yoongi brought his attention back to his beautiful face that was full of love as it stared down at him. He was caught instantly in the amber eyes of the Dragonborne King who held him so tightly, he leaned forward crushing his lips against Tae’s in a kiss full of desperate need. Tae indulged him, opening his mouth wide and letting Yoongi’s tongue run wickedly across all of his fangs.  There was an ache forming again, it built in the joint of his jaw and poured like hot iron down the length of it, pooling with intensity at the base of his canines. He pulled away from Tae, his mouth parted as he eyed Tae’s long neck. He now understood why Tae had spent so long appraising the form of his throat, Yoongi was filled with the strongest need to find the perfect place to leave his mark. He tilted Tae’s face away from him with the edge of his thumb along his jaw, his mouth literally vibrating at this moment. “My prince,” Tae breathed, looking back down at him and Yoongi found himself quite distracted by the pools of red that clung deeply to his cheekbones, “There is more you have to say.” ‘That’s right, we haven’t completed it yet.’ He had gotten distracted by the sheer magic that he was experiencing, enjoying every moment, every sensation.  “You’ll have to..” Tae paused, his eyes lingering on Yoongi’s parted mouth as he spoke, his eyebrows pulling softly together in the middle, “-break the skin.” His rand reached up, his thumb pushing gently past Yoongi’s lips at press against his canines. The sensation of Tae so willfully sliding his finger into his mouth made Yoongi’s whole body flush under it. Tae’s thumb withdrew, a bit of his blood pooling on the tip of it. “It appears as though..you have fangs now..” Tae mumbled, “and they are sharp like newborn’s.” Tae smiled widely, burying his face in Yoongi’s neck to grab his throat where he had bit him moments ago. Yoongi rolled his head back, a long heated moan pouring out of him. “My newborn Dragon prince..” Tae rumbled, the water vibrating around them once more, Yoongi’s thighs quivering again under the sensation that was quickly becoming too much for him to handle. Yoongi’s hands were in Tae’s hair, and he pulled his head back away from him, exposing his neck to Yoongi’s aching jaws once more. “You are mine..” Yoongi growled. Tae smiled wickedly from ear to ear, “I am yours.” Yoongi ran his tongue flatly across the point of his neck where Tae’s neck met shoulder and collarbone, the very same point he had bit when Tae called out for him in his sleep. He didn’t know why he liked that point so much, he was all instinct and pheromones in the moment. But that one spot he was quite fond of and he was desperate to see the marks of his teeth permanently staining Tae’s skin pink for the world to see.  “To me, you willing bind yourself.” Yoongi exhaled, extending his mouth to trailing his teeth across Tae’s skin, delighting in the shudder that rolled through him as he did. “Never...to be unbound...even unto death..” Tae whispered, his fingertips digging into the flesh of Yoongi’s back as he spoke. Then he did it, he bit down, hard. Felt the same pop of skin that Tae had given him moments ago, the taste of Tae’s iron blood kissing his tongue as he rolled it across the flesh he grasped in his mouth. Yoongi watched as the light that Tae poured into him spread back across Tae from their point of contact, from their mating mark that Yoongi had just given him. It danced quickly across him, spreading as devastatingly fast as Yoongi had seen Tae’s dragon fire eat up that mountain side. Yoongi released him, his tongue running sweetly across his dragon's wounds and they turned to scars beneath it’s caress.  There was so much steam that filled the room around them from the torrent of boiling water that bubbled viciously around them, Yoongi could no longer see the ceiling above them, but he was caught mesmerized in its orange glow, orange because it reflected the lines of lava and light that danced across them both now. He caught sight of the shadow of Tae’s wings once more, as they stirred the thick air around them and he reached for them. The tips fingers once more glowing and sparking as he trailed them across their form. The room was filled with the dragon’s rumble, and Yoongi melted completely under it. He was still burning, burning from head to toe, but instead of being wrapped in a sort of anxiousness that made him want to crawl from his own skin he found comfort in it at last. It was like slipping into a bath after a long day and discovering it to be the perfect temperature for you.  It was perfect. It was everything he had ever wanted in his life. It was home. Tae was right, he had brought him home. He felt tears pooling in his eyes, and for the first time in his life he found himself crying not from despair, but from happiness.  He could feel it, Tae’s soul running beautifully through him, all the while he swam blissfully through Tae’s being. It’s like they were no longer two, but one singular and bright flame. Tae’s lips were against his cheek, kissing the tears they poured across it, “My Yoon-ah, my mate..” he chanted breathlessly. Yoongi wrapped his arms around Tae’s neck, the light across their bodies starting to dim now as he ran his open lips across the length of Tae’s jaw. “My dragon,” Yoongi cooed,  “-My king.”  Tae tilted his face away from him, his flame filled eyes admiring every feature that was Yoongi’s expression peering full of love and lust back at him.  “You found me.” Yoongi smiled from ear to ear, “I did.” he breathed, pulling Tae’s bottom lip into his mouth to suck on it sweetly. “Tae-ah?” Yoongi mumbled, peering up through his lashes at him. “Yes?” Yoongi ran his tongue across the inside of Tae’s lip, enjoying every layer of darkening need that pooled in his eyes at the sensation,  “Are you gonna fuck me now?”  Tae growled and clenched his jaw as Yoongi released his mouth to look at him playfully, “If you ask nicely..” He spoke deeply, his arm tightening around his waist and pulling Yoongi tightly to him, making Yoongi’s eyes roll back in his head.  “Please…”  he breathed. Tae moved quickly, with no hesitation or reservation, just as he had before. He lifted and adjusted Yoongi effortlessly around him, their lips crushing into one another like they had waited for eons to feel each other. Between the heat that was still rolling over him, and the passion of their kiss, Tae was inside of Yoongi before he was fully aware of what was happening. He pulled away from Tae with a gasp, “Tae-ah..” he moaned his name, and in this moment he was unsure which felt more pleasurable to him. Tae’s soul that had beautifully intertwined with his own or the way he moved his hips as he rhythmically rocked the rest of Yoongi’s consciousness from his body. He rolled his nails down Tae’s spine, gasping for air as he felt his face and chest flushing with pleasure, the heat of arousal pooling deliciously between his hips. His thigh was shaking as Tae firmly ran his hand across it, his lips lining his throat in open mouth kisses that sent waves of flame licking across him in a wickedly pleasurable way. “Yoon-ah,” He growled against their mating mark on his neck, “You feel so fucking good.” Yoongi’s head lolled back, dipping into the water once more as he started to have an out of body experience because of just how good his mate was as a lover. Tae was skillfully, and rather rapidly sending them careening to the cliffs edge of sheer ecstasy and release, and Yoongi was just a willing passenger begging him to never stop. Yoongi pulled his head back up with what strength he could find lingering in his body, pressing his forehead against Tae’s as they both moaned breathily over one another. “I love you, Tae-ah.” Tae smiled widely, kissing Yoongi deeply, filling his whole mouth with his tongue till Yoongi could barely breathe around it. Yoongi couldn’t help but moan, the pools of arousal were beginning to bubble over like the spring they laid in. His body tensed in Tae’s arms, the first wave of an orgasm crashing over him like a Tsunami. Tae released his hold on Yoongi’s mouth, “Look at me my love.”  Yoongi could barely keep his eyes open, could barely breathe as his mouth hung ajar in the enormous secondary wave of pleasure that swept across him, but obediently did as he asked and stared with pleasure addled eyes up into Tae’s that mirrored the same pleasure he felt. “I love you.” Tae whispered, leaning over to quickly press his teeth into Yoongi’s mark as a third wave wrecked Yoongi’s entire existence. He rolled his head back once more, his nails breaking Tae’s skin as he cried out into the night air. He felt Tae throbbing inside of him, in that moment realizing he could still feel everything Tae felt as the waves of his pleasure rippled through him. The sensation brought on the fourth and final wave that drowned what remained of his sanity in the flames of pleasure and pure unadulterated heavenly bliss.  They lingered there, intertwined and panting, Tae taking a moment to run his tongue across the place he had just bitten. Yoongi lifted his arms to run his fingers slowly through his damp curls, a smile laying sweetly across his own lips. His body was vibrating, humming with a song he only dreamed it would one day sing. His body was numb, his mind even more numb. His whole being felt utterly spent in the loveliest way. “Fuck, I love you so much.” Yoongi spoke deeply and gravely, twisting his face to bite Tae’s mark once more. Tae growled back, “Careful, keep doing that and I’ll fuck you again.” Yoongi smiled around his hold before releasing him, “Sounds like a fine idea, but can we eat first? I’m ravenous.” Tae laughed wholeheartedly, standing up to spin them both in a circle in the calming water around them. “What a beast you are.” He murmured, kissing the edges of Yoongi’s jaw. Yoongi just hummed contentedly, feeling for the first time in his life like he was complete, like he was a whole person. “I’m never letting you go again.” Yoongi whispered. “I don’t want you too.” 

He took a deep breath in, out of all the things he missed of the mortal world, smell was the most important thing. This meadow was full of wildflowers, but all he could smell was the aged moss that grew across the trunk of the ancient Great Tree and clung so fervently to the heavy mists around him. It was the only smell that persisted in the sanctuary of magic the Goddess had created for the immortals she loved so deeply.  He tilted his face, peering down at the buds swaying slightly in the breeze at his waist, he trailed his fingertips across them. Maybe if he asked nicely enough, she would at least grant him the smell of his mate once more. A great shadow passed over him, and the corners of his mouth turned down slightly as he regathered the length of his hair to tuck it behind his ear. He felt the winds shift around him, the mist swirling like clouded liquid in a cup, and he knew the dragon was now a man. “Here you are..” his mate’s lovely deep tones poured sweetly between them. “It’s a small world, It’s not like I was hiding from you.” he said flatly, looking back out over the meadow. The noises of the world around them were so very loud now, whereas this sanctuary had once been quiet, now too many immortals had traveled home. He knew what it meant, they both did. “But you are.” His mate was closer now, he could feel the dragon’s breath rolling across his shoulder, even through his thin silver silk kimono. That fire would always burn him, and he was forever intoxicated and yearning for its heat. His mate’s arm wrapped around his shoulder, as his chest pressed into his back, his fingertips trailing the mark he had left on his neck nearly four thousand years ago now. Had time really gone by so fast? He never lingered on the idea of immortality in his youth, life was precious when it was fleeting, but when he did he assumed he would have felt time crawl across him like an insect. He closed his eyes, lingering in the sensation of warm fingertips across the scar that decorated his flesh pink still, a desperate sadness pooling in him he had not felt in such a very long time.  “Azrah-ahh” the dragon cooed quietly.  “Don’t,”  he breathed, the feeling of tears pooling dangerously in his eyes,  “-Don’t go.”  “I have to..” his mate whispered, pain evident in his voice as his long black curls kissed his cheek when he leaned down to plant a soft kiss on their mating mark, “She needs me too, she needs us too..” “We lived out our time already.” his voice broke under the waves of sadness rippling through them. “Azrah-ah, listen,”  he paused, the noises of the magical beings and beast rumbling across the meadows, “listen to how many have returned home, all too quickly. The mortal world isn’t safe anymore, it’s out of balance..” He spun in his arms, his hands landing firmly and hard against his chest as tears streamed down his face, “But why us Lars-ah, why do  we  have to go!?” His mate’s large hands cupped his face sweetly, all to use to the intensity at which he felt things, he tilted his face up so that he couldn’t avoid the tender gaze of his amber eyes any longer. Lars smiled ruefully down at him as he gently caressed the apple of his cheeks. “Because I’m her favorite.” He scoffed and rolled his eyes, pulling his face from Lars’s hands as he chuckled down at him, “Just because you are the  first  does not mean you are the  favorite. ” “That’s exactly what it means,” Lars tilted his face to look him in the eyes again, he turned his face even more as he wiped the tears from his cheeks, “-just like our first born was  your  favorite.” “Tiah is a magnificent dragon, and I am simply proud of her for how she defended our peace.” He pulled his lips tight, pouting internally. “And she came home, at too young of an age. Azrah-ah..” He closed his eyes, the truth of his words hitting home harder than he wanted to at the moment. “-I must go... we must go …” He turned back to his dragon again, pressing his face tightly into his chest, “No one’s ever been sent back before..” “I know…” Lars whispered. “How long until I join you..” “I do not know,” his mate pressed his lips into his hair, “she says there are things she needs me to see first.” Azrah felt the singular tear that kissed the top of his head and squeezed down tighter unto his other half, praying if he squeezed them together tight enough they could be the singular flame she bore them both from once more. “What if I can’t find you again?” he breathed, tears spilling over and rolling down Lars’s chest as he rocked them both back and forth. “You will,” his dragon breathed,  “I know you will.”  “My King?” Azrah tilted his face, pressing his lips to the mating mark that lingered almost red on his lovely olive colored skin, his tears running more rampant as he tried to absorb every detail of the man he loved so fervently, “-kiss me.” he breathed, tilting his face upwards. Lars’s mouth was around his, their marks glowing hot like they did the night they bound themselves to one another. They kissed now like they had that night, full of desperate need and passion. Then they felt it, the wind rising, the energy of the Goddess sweeping past them as she called for her dragon lord in the mist. Azrah broke first from it’s embrace, soft sobs shaking his body. Lars’s hands cupped tightly around his face, his lips swiftly pressing away his tears. Azrah reached up with desperate hands, running them across his neck, his hair, his hands. “This isn’t goodbye my love..” Lar’s whispered, and even that was tight and broken. “It is..” he choked out. Lars pressed a firm kiss to his forehead as the wind grew in intensity, releasing him quickly and turning from the meadow. Azrah reached out to grab for him, but then let his hands fall to his sides as he watched that shadow and ember spin viciously around him. 

 His mate’s true breathy voice washed over him for the last time as the great black dragon spread its wings and sprang from the meadow, leaving his heart behind him as he flew. “I will.” he whispered, watching the black fade to non-existence in the mist. 

Yoongi blinked his eyes open, the grand arches of the ceiling of the bath house coming slowly into focus. He reached up, running his hand through his hair, pulling it quickly through the length of it, and discovering it was still short.  Was it a dream? But it felt so real, and that man had looked so very identical to Tae, besides the scar on his cheek and his more unruly mane. Suddenly he recalled the painting he had seen hung so preciously in the library of Jimin’s palace. The one surrounded so reverently in a bronze frame with carved dragons guarding it. The one that had depicted a beautiful man with long black hair, that bore a striking resemblance to Yoongi, coupled with a taller darker man with curls covering his face as he pressed a kiss to the other’s temple. His mind was falling silent as he souls began to whisper his truth. Tae stirred from his sleep, it was the first time Yoongi had known him to sleep since they met months ago. He propped himself up on one elbow, caressing one cheek with the back of his hand. “What’s wrong? What are you thinking.” he murmured with a voice so thick from sleep it made Yoongi have a heap of hedonistic thoughts he needed to squash down to focus on his current realization. “I’m..I’m Azrah..” Tae knitted his brow together, blinking a few times and humming questioningly. Yoongi rolled on his side to better look at him in his almond shaped amber eyes, the very same eyes as the dragon from his dream, “at least I’m him, born again. It’s a new body, but the same soul. And you,” he reached forward, running his fingers across Tae’s lips, “You are King Lars, the first dragon ever crafted by the goddess, born again.” Tae pulled slightly from him, confusion heavy across his features, “I-..how do you know this..” “I’ve been having these dreams, an-” he began. “A dream is not the truth Yoon-ah” He frowned slightly, irritated to be interrupted, “Then tell me if this is true, Lars bore a scar across his left cheek that he earned defending Azrah from a griffon the day they met.” Tae’s eyes widened to their max, “How..how do you..know that?” he breathed. “Exactly, how do I know that, if I have never seen a painting of his full face.” He hummed questioningly. “Maybe you read it in that journal.” Tae offered, he scoffed. “Azrah never made mention of that scar, you can read it yourself, but think how also did I know that earthen window bed was a nest, how did I know this room was here? How did I know immediately how to fly with you?” He was getting flustered and it was reflecting in his tone. "Coïncidences.." Tae mumbled his eyes falling to the floor as his mind tried to understand the weight of what Yoongi was saying to him. “I thought so too,” Tae’s eyes flicked back up to meet him again, “-until last night and I pulled the very same images of the very same meadow from your mind that poured through me.” “That was..” Tae was mumbling. “A dream of a memory, of a goodbye your soul spoke before this body was born. A promise made to the being you have loved most in your entire existence.” Yoongi reached forward, feeling the weight of his own being, blended beautifully with the weight of who he was before this life. He felt so calm in his body now, the true strength of his soul radiating through him. No longer did he question who he was, or what his purpose was. He knew, and he was angry. So very angry at the way the world had become. It was like a huge part of him had awakened from the deepest slumber last night, only to look around in despair feeling like his very home had been destroyed. “I dreamt that, the night I pulled you from the river..” Tae whispered, his eyes rolling over the soft expression that Yoongi knew painted him. “I did too.” He breathed, “-and so many nights since.” “No one has ever reincarnated before..” Tae furrowed his brow again, though Yoongi could feel him fully relax into this new knowledge, his body and mind accepting what his soul assured him was true. “She sent us back, to balance the mortal world once more.”  Tae rolled his bottom lip between his teeth, chewing on it lightly, and Yoongi felt an ancient being stir within him, his eyelashes curtaining his eyes as he’s breathing became ragged under the intensity of the energy he felt flowing through him. “Maybe that’s why I was born already a boy, and not an egg..” Tae mumbled, though Yoongi barely heard him. He leaned forward, running his nose up the length of Tae’s neck, letting it linger where his sharp jaw met it. This is where his scent lingered the heaviest, and he smelled just the way he remembered it.  ‘Just the way he remembered it?’ he laughed at himself internally, guessing that was a sentiment he was just going to have to get used too. He trailed the tip of his nose back down the side of Tae’s throat.  “Yoon-ah.. we- we were talking..” Tae’s breathing was coming erratically, Yoongi glanced up at him and almost growled with delight at the red that was pouring itself recklessly across the bridge of Tae’s nose and cheeks. He looked back down at the mating mark he had left on Tae’s body, the same place he had left it before, all those thousands of years ago. He smiled, opening his mouth wide to bite down on it, delighting in the deep moan that rolled through Tae’s entire body under the pressure of his teeth. He retracted still smiling, lifting his fingers to trail them across the mark, stilling the instant he saw them. They were glowing, just his finger tips, the same way he had seen Tae’s hands glow so many times now. “Wh-what?” He mumbled. Tae’s eyes popped open and he shifted quickly to glance where Yoongi’s eyes had fallen. He grabbed Yoongi's hand in his, pulling it closer to examine it. “This is.. my magic..” he whispered. Yoongi looked past the furs they laid naked across, his eyes quickly finding a leaf wiggling in the morning breeze next to them. He lifted it with his fingers, smiling widely from ear to ear when it caught flame between them. “Tae-ah! Look, Look what I can do now!” He was bouncing excitedly like a child, and Tae smiled with pride leaning forward to place his lips against Yoongi’s mark.  “Just like a newborn.”  he mumbled. Yoong grabbed him without thinking, moaning under the pressure of Tae’s teeth against him, then he retracted quickly. “I’m sorry, I forgot..are you okay?” He was examining the area his fingers had grabbed when Tae’s hand wrapped around his fingertips, and he paused watching the steam rise from the contact. “What kind of dragon would I be if I was burnt up by my own flames.” Tae smiled from ear to ear with a shit eating grin. “Want me to show you something?” Yoongi smiled, nodding excitedly once more. Tae chuckled, lifting his hand, his fingertips glowing red hot. “It’s an emotion, and emotion that runs through you like a flame, and if you feed that flame you tame it. Do you understand?” Yoongi nodded as he watched the glow spread across the flesh of Tae’s hand till it consumed it whole. He looked back at his own, it had faded some, lingering like embers on the edges of their tips. That’s because he hadn’t fed it, but what was it deliciously consuming before? He closed his eyes, thinking back on how he felt when he was possesivly running his nose across Tae’s throat. That fire, that heat of passion that he so desperately loved and craved. He let that build in him again, spreading across him in the loveliest way. “That’s it my love,” Tae cooed, his lips against his cheek, “You are such a good pupil.” Yoongi opened his eyes to find his whole hand glowing as Tae’s was. He smiled widely, turning his hand in the morning light to admire it. He looked back into the pride that poured from Tae’s being, and melted under it entirely. Tae smiled, looking down across Yoongi’s bar chest, he slowly brought his flame and light covered hand to be placed gently against him. Yoongi braced himself, expecting pain, but receiving none. What he did feel however made him roll backwards onto his back, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath as the same level of heat they had been consumed by last night rippled outward from Tae’s touch. It felt absolutely divine, pleasurable and comfortable, and he was very glad to feel it radiating over him again. He peeked open his eyes, chewing on his bottom lip as his cheeks grew flush, his chest starting to heave erratically under Tae’s palm. He followed suit, wrapping his hand around Tae’s throat and sliding it down his chest. Tae closed his eyes, the rumble that Yoongi was so madly in love with echoing through the room once more. “I’m so very glad you can do that..” Tae spoke with his eyes closed, “ I was afraid I’d never feel that heat again.” “Me too” Yoongi breathed, Tae looked down at him from the corner of his eye, a smirk forming on his lips. “You look in desperate need of something my love.” He mused. 

 Tae rolled over the top of him, Yoongi meeting him halfway, wrapping his legs around him and running his fire hot hand everywhere it could reach. Tae cradled one of his knees to his chest and pressed them tightly together, Yoongi already chanting his name as the flames dancing from his long fingers kissed the skin he so lovingly caressed. He feared they’d never leave this castle and carry out the wishes of the Goddess who sent them here. But at the very same time he also figured they were due this little moment of paradise, after fifteen hundred years apart. He ran his hand across Tae’s face, “I love you, I have always loved you my dragon.”

“ I never asked you,” Tae called from where he stood, re-clasping the cuffs to his wrist, “Why is your Uncle not king? He is the older of the two, correct?” Yoongi frowned, already in a poor mood at the idea of finally dressing and leaving this place, “I’m not sure, but he did something. Something very wrong, and my grandfather took the crown from him and gave it to his younger brother instead.” Tae hummed, his lips pursed in thought, “That was wise, can you imagine if he had been allowed to be king.” “Yes it was, and My grandparents died shortly afterwards for it.” Yoongi adjusted his robes and then grimaced, deciding he was too hot and sliding them back from his form. He felt so much better shirtless and shoeless, like his skin could breathe. He smiled to himself, finally understanding Tae's disdain for clothing.  “He was the one that discovered them, their bodies burned in their beds. My grandmother’s dragon familiar, the only dragon to grace the royal family in generations, kneeling at her feet wrecked with grief. He slayed her where she knelt. He told the world she had done it, that dragons lusted only for power and should be purged from this world.” Yoongi paused, looking over his shoulder at the crackling clatter occurring behind him. Tae stood rooted darkly in his spot, his kimono fluttering in the wind that swirled from the shadow that poured from him in his rage, spreading itself across the stone around him and cracking it as it went. Yoongi closed the distance between them, unafraid of this darkness, no hesitation remained in his being as he walked with purpose through the rivers of ember and ash. He cradled Tae’s face in his hands, stroking his cheeks rhythmically in with his thumbs. “A dragon would never.. .Anna would never..” Tae glowered, his eyes pooling with tears.  “I know,”  Yoongi whispered, “I know, and he’ll pay for it.  I swear it, Tae-ah.  He’ll pay a heavy price for all the life he’s taken.” The shadow riddled torrents around them calmed, and Tae’s anger subdued under Yoongi’s comfort. This brought him joy, endless joy that they could communicate so easily now, even without the use of words. Every point their soul wanted to make landing true in the other’s heart.  “I think,” Yoongi paused trying to find the words, “I think she saw through him. I think she saw the monster that he was and told my Grandmother he would destroy this kingdom and he killed her for it. Then he set the kingdom against what lingered of her kind to keep them from undoing his plans.” His hands fell from Tae’s face, as his own sadness welled up inside of him, “My mother died unnaturally in childbirth. My father slowly lost his mind over the years, and my brother died mysteriously three days before his coronation. That palace is a dangerous place for me, but I have to go back, Tae-ah. I need to go back.” Tae stepped closer, cupping his face and tilting it to peer deeply into his eyes, “You are not alone, You will never be alone again. Whatever it is that we must do, we will do it together.” Yoongi smiled, hoping the smile reached his eyes, “Together.”

end of chapter

moodboard design by: EveeOT7

"In the Darkness there was only you and I, and that was enough."

Mood:  "Sol" by Geadldyr

“You smell.” Jimin wrinkled his nose as he untied his kimono from his shoulders.

Tae drew his mouth downwards, frowning at him, “Thank you Jimin-shi.”

Jimin’s face instantly spread wide in a smile, “Well I’m not saying you smell bad,” Jimin shrugged dramatically, “Just intensely like sulfur...and sweat.” 

Jimin paused, eyeing him suspiciously. They had been together two hours now and Tae was enjoying not giving Jimin a single morsel of information. He sighed ferociously in front of him, stomping his foot like a toddler than the almost one thousand year old brilliant fae he was, and Tae had to roll his lips over his teeth to keep from smirking.

He looked up past Jimin, deftly ignoring his tantrum. If he only knew how very close he was to the answer he’d been trying to dig from Tae with his eyes since they first landed on him.

“Taaee-aahhhh” Jimin pouted with his whole body, wiggling loosely and stomping again.

Tae slid his eyes over to him darkly, feigning a very unamused look. Jimin righted himself immediately, bringing his finger up to chew on it as the gears in his beautiful head turned. Tae could almost hear them, and he wondered just when they became best friends instead of master and servant.

“I could ask Yoon-ah..” Jimin peered bashfully up at him.

Tae hummed sternly, arching one eyebrow, “Ask him what Jimin-ah?”

“What happened last night.”

“I told you already, We took flight together.” He looked back away, purposely being vague.

“Oh you did you?” Jimin popped his lips, not believing him for a moment, “All night?”

“Mhm.” Tae shifted in place, turning his lips downward and raising his wrist to remove his own cuff. It was so very hard not to smile when Jimin aggressively snatched his wrist to just as aggressively remove the cuff and throw it into the closet across the room.

“Excuse my ignorance My lord.” 

Oh, he was salty. Tae’s dragon purred, absolutely delighted to give Jimin the hardest of times. Especially after his brazen ‘big scary dragon’ comment last evening's ball.

“I just wasn’t aware of the fact that a flight through the night air,” he quickly removed his other wrist cuff, and Tae winced as it pinched him. But it didn’t deter Jimin in the slightest as he reached for the collar once more, “-would arouse a human so much that you would come back smelling like you’ve slept in a brothel all night.”

“Smelled plenty of those, have you?” Tae caught himself as he was about to smile, catching the daggers Jimin was glaring at him from the corner of his eye. Jimin paused, his fingers already unclasping the collar, rolling his tongue across his teeth.

‘Don’t drink the wine tonight, it might be your last.” Jimin muttered.

Tae coughed to cover the laughter that snuck passed him, did this wicked little fae just threaten to kill him. Goddess he loved this man.

“You know... it’ll be winter soon, I could use a new pair of gloves..” Tae growled, a shit eating grin now spreading across his face and Jimin's eyes held the most murderous expression. Jimin held eye contact as he roughly ripped the collar off, and Tae winced once more.

“Try it. I dare-”  A small gasp escaped him, “Hellloooo..” Jimin drew out the word as his eyes finally took in the new scar circling the base of Tae’s throat.

Jimin’s hand rose, his fingers hovering over the marks as he leaned closer, his big blue eyes now full of curiosity. He didn’t dare to touch it, he was far too respectful for that, despite how rudely he had just undressed him.

“Ho-how?” Jimin furrowed his brow.

Tae hummed at him, it was such a broad question he wasn’t sure what he wanted to know, “How?”

“How did you did leave my castle with a man so far in denial about his feelings for you I thought his hair would be white before he confessed them,” Jimin leaned back away from him, resting his hands on his hips, “and return with him as your fucking mate?”

Tae smiled and shrugged, “I guess it was a  very  good flight.”

Jimin’s face fell, clearly unamused with him today, “I think I preferred you when you were the strong, brooding,  silent  type.”

He smiled, mouthing the word  ‘ouch’ .

Jimin’s eyes fell to the mark again, “That..doesn’t look like a mark a man would leave..” he mumbled.

“That’s because it’s not.” Jimin glanced back at his expression, trying to gauge his seriousness, “He grew fangs.”

Jimin leaned forward, his eyebrows shooting up across his face, “He grew fangs?!”

Tae nodded, “It’s like my magic poured into him, then lingered and made a home within him.”

Jimin sat onto his bed, his mind clearly trying to understand this information. Tae moved to sit next to him, “Jiminie, did Hoseok possess any of your..abilities after you mated?”

Jimin shook his head, “Why? Does Yoongi?”

“Well your kind have so very rarely ever taken a mortal as a mate. So there is very little known about the… effects of it for mortals. Also, out of all the magical beings the Goddess crafted she blessed the dragonborne with the most of her magic running through their veins. So it makes sense that it would be..different than most rituals we are more familiar with.” Jimin ran his hand over his mouth.

“There’s more,” Tae whispered, now looking at his hands as they twisted in his lap, “Yoon-ah believes we are the reincarnations of King Lars and King Azrah.” He eyed Jimin from his peripheral vision, expecting the same reaction he had to this idea himself.

“So does my father.” Jimin said matter of factly, and Tae’s mouth hung open, “Actually he knew you were Lars when your mother pulled you as a boy from the forest she found you in.”

“He knew that the moment he saw him too. He says you both not only act and look like the ancient souls you bear, but you also have habits you both can’t explain that were theirs.”

Tae twisted his eyebrows upward in the center, “Ha-Habits?”

“Yea, When Yoongi’s mind wanders and he’s at a piano his fingers unconsciously play an old dragonborne lullaby..” Jimin eyed him as he twisted his face, suddenly remembering where he had heard that song before. His mind flooded him with long forgotten memories of sitting on his mother’s lap in this very room so very long ago when she first found him, her long porcelain fingers playing the same tune.

“And you..” Jimin smiled, “-are the only dragon, besides Lars, to ever manipulate shadow and ash.”

Tae looked off past Jimin, his eyebrows knitting tightly in the center, “Really?” he breathed.

He searched his memories, all the dragons he knew in his youth, he tried to remember them. The more he thought, the more he realized it was something he never saw any other do. How had he not realized that before, had he really been so unobservant all this time.

Jimin leaned against his shoulder, “Do you know what the lullaby is about?” he asked softly.

“I’m sure at one point I knew, but I can’t recall it now..” he whispered, his mind trying to comprehend the depth of new knowledge he was swimming in now.

“It speaks of a mother, green and true,” He began, his tone soft and sweet, “- who molded a being with bare hands from fire and mountain clay. She pulled the bark from her own being to give him armor against the world.”

“She pulled two pieces of sky from the black night so he could forever fly free.” Jimin reached up, mimicking pulling a piece of the sky down, light forming around the tips of his fingers as he spoke, “She poured her own blood out so that it could run in his veins, breathing life’s fire deep within him that would never dim. She bore him from the grey lands and blossomed with pride as he took flight.”

Jimin shifted to look into Tae’s eyes now, “But one day he returned, finding no equal in the wild lands that sprung from her. So she reached into him, and from his spark she pulled another, and once where there was one now there were two. This new flame was his equal, but not his twin, bearing everything he needed that he was not.”

“It’s a lovely story..” Tae whispered.

“But is it?” Jimin smiled sweetly at him, “..A story, that is.”

“Goddess!” Seokjin exhaled, his eyes fully on Yoongi’s still red scar across his throat, towel hung in his grasp between them. All the while Yoongi was shivering in the air that licked icy across him outside of the volcanic embrace of the bath water.

“Se-S-Seo-Seokjinnn-ahhh” Yoongi’s teeth were chattering but Seokjin was clearly malfunctioning mentally, he leaned forward and grabbed the towel from him, hurriedly draping it over his shoulders as he stepped from the tub.

Namjoon rose from the bed, closing the distance quickly, grabbing up more towels to wrap around his shivering Prince.

“Yoon-ah..” Seokjin breathed incredulously, clearly worried for Yoongi’s wellbeing, “Did he  do  this to you!?” He leaned forward, his hand extended as he reached in concern for the marks.

Yoongi saw the movement from the corner of  his eye, and he felt his whole body retract from Seokjin’s intention, a growl budding deep in his throat. But before his body could fully react, or Seokjin’s curious fingers could make contact, Namjoon’s large hand wrapped firmly around it.

“Do not touch that.” 

Seokjin suddenly grew very bashful under Namjoon’s stern gaze, and Yoongi's body instantly relaxed with his intervention. Goddess he felt so very, very feral. It’s like he had a sudden over awareness of his surroundings, and it was all too much for his mind.

His eyes snapped to the open window, his mind acutely aware of the bird’s nest lingering below it, the little baby birds scuttling around inside it echoing heavily in his mind.

Namjoon’s large brow knitted slightly, “Would you like me to close it?” He spoke softly and gently, like he understood that Yoongi’s nerves were on hyper alert. Yoongi nodded, one it was cold, and two he’d never be able to concentrate with that noise in the room.

Namjoon quickly moved to shut it, and returned back to standing in front of Yoongi again, “Do you want me to dress you, or to dress yourself?”

“No.” Yoongi muttered, burying his face in the towels.

“No?” Namjoon tilted his face to peer into Yoongi’s eyes questioningly.

Namjoon nodded and hummed, glancing at a very disconcerted Seokjin who Yoongi could tell felt utterly lost and useless in that moment. Namjoon appraised Yoongi, still shivering, and turned from him to grab a large fur blanket from the foot of the bed, returning to drape it gently around him.

“Would you like to move to the bed, or is it okay if I carry you?” Again Namjoon spoke sweet and soft like you would to a small child, it was the first time he’d ever spoken in these tones with Yoongi, and he really didn’t mind. It felt very soothing to his fried existence. Yoongi looked down, his body starting to relax in the heat trapped by the blanket, considering his answer. He really didn’t want to be touched, but if he moved he would let cold air in and that was a more displeasing idea.

“Carry.” He mumbled, tucking the lower part of his face into the fur.

Namjoon tucked the fur tight around his legs, already piercing together that it was too cold in the room for Yoongi right now, before sweeping him up bridal style as gently as he could. He laid Yoongi sweetly onto the bed, and turned immediately from the side of it to lay more logs into the flames of the fireplace. Yoongi realized though it would be so very long till that fireplace warmed the room to his desired temperature when suddenly he remembered the heat his hand had put off. He  lifted it to peek from the furs in front of his face, closing his eyes to focus on what Tae had taught him.

“What..”  Seokjin began slowly,  “-is going on?”

“They mated.” Namjoon still spoke quietly, adding more logs to the fireplace still by the thumps that echoed in the room.

“They...mated?”  Seokjin still sounded very confused, “How do you know?”

“We don’t mark others for no reason, Jin-ah.”

“M-mark?..” There was a small gasp, “ So that was intentional?”

“Of course, it’s not like you can really bite someone accidentally can you?” Namjoon spoke heavily with sarcasm at the dumbstruck Seokjin.

“Well okay so they mated, how is it that you know what to do right now and I don't?” There was a pout in Seokjin’s quiet voice, clearly he didn’t like feeling out of the loop after tending to Yoongi for a decade.

“It’s quite normal to feel...overwhelmed by your environment after a mating. I can only imagine that’s even more compounded when you are a mortal and even more so if the magic that just embraced you was that of a dragonborn. So it’s like he’s...a newborn...experiencing his world again for the first time, this time through his mate’s eyes. That’s just the best way I can describe it.”

Seokjin hummed thoughtfully, “I wonder..” he mumbled.

Yoongi heard Namjoon pause, “What is that you wonder?”

“It’s nothing.” Seokjin’s soft steps now approached the bed, “Well now, that’s new.”

Yoongi popped open his eyes quickly taking in the sight of his glowing fingertips. He smiled from ear to ear, happy to have manifested it once more.

Namjoon rose, appraising them along with Seokjin, “I should fetch his Majesty, Yoon-ah really shouldn’t be without his mate for long right now.” He turned from the foot of the bed, opening the door wide to leave.

“Your Majesty!” He almost gasped, bowing quick and deeply.

“You are a very perceptive being Kim Namjoon.” Yoongi heard Tae mutter.

Yoongi sat up quickly, “Tae-ah, Look!” The fur fell from his shoulder as he held up his hand for Tae’s fond eyes to appraise now. Tae smiled widely from ear to ear, and he walked to sit on the edge of the bed next to him.

“Very well done, my prince.” Tae cooed, pressing his forehead against Yoongi’s. Yoongi instantly wrapped himself around Tae, starting to shift to climb into his lap.

“Well, We will see ourselves out.” Seokjin declared, turning quickly from the passionate sight that was beginning before him. He hooked his arm in Namjoon’s and they retreated quietly from the room.

“Are you well?” Tae knitted his eyebrows as he spoke sweet like honey to him. Yoongi leaned forward and ran his face across Tae’s.

“Everything is so cold, and loud, and much. .just too much.” Yoongi mumbled, tracing his glowing fingers across Tae’s shoulder. Tae shifted him to be fully in his lap.

“I know,” he whispered, “It’ll pass soon my love.” His lips pressed against Yoongi's shoulder.

“I was fine in our home, but now.. Now I feel like..” Yoongi frowned, unable to figure out how to describe it.

“Like a bird pushed from it’s nest too soon.” Tae finished it for him, and it was very fitting.

Yoongi nodded, pressing himself tighter to Tae, his body badly craving the heat that radiated between them and Tae brought the fur up around his shoulders.

“I did say we should have lingered there another day or so..” Tae grumbled, running his hand up and down his back soothingly. Yoongi’s skin formed goosebumps everywhere his hands were not. Tae tsk’d loudly, turning from him slightly to extend his hand behind him, flames spilling forth and dancing through the air to land ravenously on the logs that had smothered the embers in the fireplace. They caught quickly again under the sharp kiss of dragon flame, and Yoongi watched on completely enamored. 

“Timber just doesn’t burn as hot..” he grumbled under his breath, clearly unsatisfied with their living arrangements currently.

Tae shifted, rising with Yoongi still draped around him like a willful child, he lifted all of the blankets and laid Yoongi underneath. Then he curled up behind him, the hand that flames had sprung from still glowing as he ran it across Yoongi’s chilled skin. Yoongi could have purred in that moment, with his dark dragon wrapped tightly around him caressing him with his heat. It was sheer ecstasy.

They lingered there, under all those blankets and furs, Yoongi getting more and more lost by the second. 

“I love you Tae-ah.” Yoongi mumbled into the furs tucked around his face.

“I love you too Yoon-ah.” Tae pressed his lips into the crook of his neck, their soft curves catching the edge of the mating mark Tae had placed there, and Yoongi moaned, rolling his head to the side for Tae to access him more easily.

“Such a beast..” Tae mumbled heatedly, reacting to Yoongi’s rapid change in mood very eagerly, pulling him tight against his chest and layering the length of his neck with open mouthed kisses.

“Says the dragon in my bed.” Yoongi smirked, and the room was filled with the rumble he knew would soon be his undoing.

“Why haven’t we  mated? ”

Namjoon stilled, his heart feeling heavy at the question Seokjin so willfully tossed out into the air between them.

“Seokjin..” He began slowly.

“I mean, Familiars don’t typically make ferocious love to their masters regularly, so you can’t say that's the depth of what you feel for me..” There was hurt ringing loudly in Seokjin’s voice, even though he had turned from him in the hall, he knew his love was crumbling emotionally. 

“Seok-” He reached out but Seokjin stepped away once more.

“Hoseok and Jimin are mated as well, and it occurred to me that  I think..”  He paused, emotion pulling at his voice and cracking it, and Namjoon’s heart was being torn under the sound of it. Soekjin cleared his throat, “-I think, this is something your kind recognize  ..immediately.  .So the fact that we’ve been together five years now..and  you  haven’t..  we  haven’t..” His shoulders were shaking now, and Namjoon could no longer take it.

He wrapped himself tightly around Seokjin’s shoulders, burying his face in his neck, “You think I haven’t wanted to? Hmm? That I haven't wanted to run away with you to the mountains and make you forever mine?”

Seokjin sniffled, bobbing his head lightly, “You do?” He mumbled.

“Seokjin, I knew you were my other half the day you threw my ass into the snow.” Seokjin laughed lightly in his embrace, and his heart felt some relief from the noise, “-and you are a fool if you don’t think that I love you with everything that I am.”

There was a long pause, both of them swaying together.

“Then..why?” Seokjin whispered.

“Look at Yoongi, isn’t it obvious in his behavior that something is different now? How long do you think he would have been able to hide that or his mark before it was discovered?” He turned Seokjin in his arms, cupping his face and running his thumbs across his cheeks, “ My love, you plucked me from those mountains and brought me to live at your side in a viper’s nest. I wouldn’t dream of marking you and making you a target in your own home. Especially when I wasn’t strong enough to protect you.”

“But you have,” Seokjin breathed, leaning forward to press their foreheads together, “-you’ve protected me so well.”

“I’m glad you think so.” He smiled, pressing a kiss to his temple.

“I thought you were gonna kill the General the night we left, when I caught sight of you at the end of the table.” Seokjin smirked.

“I thought I was going too as well, my claws were extending and everything.” Namjoon chuckled darkly.

“What stopped you, hmm? Big strong wolf like you?” Seokjin mused, running his lips across his jaw.

“That fucking Harpy eyeing me down.” Namjoon growled, a noise rumbling in his chest.

“Ah” Seokjin frowned, “She is a nasty creature isn’t she.”

“I think all of the Goddesses' creations are beautiful and wondrous, but some of them stray too easily from the light of her love, and that vulture unnerves me.” Namjoon narrowed his eyes. In all truth he would have lunged that night, he would have sprang like a silver death and spilled over that grand table to rip that man’s throat from his body. But the sharp eyes of the large golden eagle that sat perched on the back of his chair gave him pause.

He’d never seen one, in their true form in the flesh, he just knew they were large and deadly. It was a foe formidable even for dragons, and when he glanced at his King that night he knew that those amber eyes were appraising her with just as much caution.

“Joon-ah..” Seokjin whispered from where he had nuzzled under his chin, the bridge of his nose running along Namjoon’s jaw, “Make me your mate, please?”

Namjoon couldn’t help but smile, he sounded so sweet, “Soon my love, right now our friends need us, I don’t have the luxury of disappearing with you at this moment.”

Seokjin hummed happily in his arms, “Planned it all out have you?”

“For five years now..” He leaned down and kissed the velvet cheek of the beautiful man he loved so dearly.

“Seokjin-ah!” Hoseok’s voice was full of panic, and broke their happy day dreaming quickly.

‘What, What is it Hobi-ah?” Seokjin pulled from him, his eyes on the piece of paper Hoseok was extending to him.

 “What’s this?”  Seokjin appraised the worry that creased Hoseok’s face as he took the paper, flipping in his long fingers to read it. Namjoon leaned forward to read it as well, his heart stopping in his chest.

“We should tell him..” Hoseok’s strained voice whispered.

“Not now,” Namjoon’s voice was tight and hushed, “Let's give him till the morning.”

Tae’s mind suddenly became aware of the golden ray of light trying to burn it’s way through his eyelid.

"Mm." He grumbled, smiling as he shifted in the bed rolling on to his side and reaching for Yoongi's waist.

His hand fell against silk and fur, cold to the touch. His eyes sprang open, quickly adjusting to the light in the room, he scanned the bed identifying it was most definitely empty. He frowned slightly, rolling back over to peer across the room at the bathroom.

He tilted his head, his mind now focusing on listening for his mate, the little sounds of his existence in the room around him. He rose from the bed, hurriedly closing the distance between him and the closet, leaning against the door frame as he peered in.

He paused for a second, focusing on the vibrations running through his body, acutely aware of Yoongi’s cord not being struck. It felt quiet, too quiet. 

He shook his head, grabbing a pair of silk black pants from the shelf in the closet and pulling them across his body roughly. He had to be at breakfast already, he laughed to himself. They must have made chicken again.

He shook out his curls with his hands as sauntered barefoot down the halls, chuckling as he remembered how much his mate had loved the roasted chicken. He shouldn't be so worried about the difference in energy, things were bound to be irregular right now as remnant magic from their mating settled out.

He stepped into the dinning hall they had all so regularly used.

What remained of his denial went quickly with the wind. 

“Where is he!?” Tae snarled as he threw open the doors to the grand throne room. He was a being of just sheer rage, rage and panic.

"He left this morning."Hoseok stood closest to the door and when Tae turned his body to face him as he spoke he took a step back, his hands in the air with a don't shoot the messenger look on his face.

"Why!?" Tae was still growling, his fangs extending.

"His father is dead." Hoseok spoke flatly, clearly he felt no grief at that loss.

"And you let him go by himself?" Tae's lips upturned on that one, the snarl lingering heavy on every word, stepping towards him as Hoseok backed across the room.

"He's not by himself, and Yes, I did." Hoseok stopped retreating, squaring his shoulders and looking Tae dead in the eyes.

At a different moment, Tae would have held so much respect for him, but right now all he could feel was rage. He tilted his face in a very serpentine way, stepping closer still.

"He's your king.." Tae growled low and deadly.

"He's my friend, and he asked me to stay to protect you." Hoseok flicked an eyebrow at him.

"Damn it!" Tae snarled and flared his nose, anger rippling through him like a tsunami. The walls around them started to be painted black as a rumble low and deep like a landslide rolled within them.

Why did Yoongi feel so compelled to protect him? It's like he had no concept of the fact that he was the more vulnerable of the two, and he had just returned to the most dangerous place on this earth for him, without his greatest weapon.

All of the sudden Jimin was by his side, his hands running themselves across his chest as he placed himself between Tae and Hoseok.

 “My King..” he said softly, “I know you want nothing more than to protect him, and trust me when I say that is a sentiment echoed heavily in every soul in this room. But if you take one step closer to my mate..” Jimin’s hand started to glow against him, and Tae finally looked from Hoseok to Jungkook who had stepped up darkly behind him and finally to Jimin’s intense blue eyes that were swirling dangerously in front of him. He left it there, yet Tae still understood him. He understood that undying desire to protect your mate at all costs, and the expression on Jimin’s face was begging him not to force him to do so.

Tae clenched his jaw and took a step backwards, he’d been so lost in his own panic and rage he had inadvertently triggered that same instinct in someone he treasured dearly and for that he felt a tremendous amount of guilt.

“I am sorry...I-..I just can’t be without him...again..” Tae’s throat tightened, as he rapidly blinked away the tears that were building in his gaze.

The glow of light faded immediately and Jimin was at his side again, his soft hands petting his face soothingly, “I know, I know,..” He mumbled up at him sweetly.

"Why did you let him go alone?" Tae choked out.

“My place is here, my king, by your side.” Jimin smiled sweetly, “-and he’s not alone. Seokji-shi and Namjoon-shi are with him.”

"You're asking the wrong questions." A deep and thick voice filled the grandness of the throne room, and it was one Tae was all too familiar with. Tae shifted his gaze, the shadow of his rage still hanging heavily on his features, his eyes meeting the gaze of the ancient centaur Lord who laid at the base of King Park's throne.

Tae, composed his features the best he could, and bowed in respect to his first and most loyal mentor.

"The question you should be asking is, how will you bring him back?" Hakon smiled widely from ear to ear, his thick and calloused fingers running themselves across his braided beard.

Tae walked forward towards them, "I'll go myself."

"That’s a boy’s answer." Hakon's tone was firm, "You are a King, Taehyung. It's high time you act like it."

Tae clenched his jaw, trying to reign in the dragon in him roaring to burn down the world just to have Yoongi safe by his side again. He stood still, closing his eyes, centering himself with a long deep breath.

“What would you have me do?” He spoke slowly and calmly.

He spun on the voice, instantly recognizing it, the walls around him once more groaning as the shadows poured heavily from them to swirl viciously  around him as he closed the distance between them. 

“Tae-ah!” Jimin exclaimed, with a sense of desperation in his voice.

He stilled merely feet from her, fangs and claws extended, and she fell to her knees before him. She was shaking, her fierce demeanor abandoning her in the rumbling shadow of his rage, bowed over completely and balanced on her palms was her necklace full of trophies.

“Forgive me.” she breathed, and Tae could see her tears that kissed the marble below her face.

The Queen of the Ursidae, on her knees, trembling as she begged for his forgiveness, gave him pause. Only a pause, till his warrior rage flared once more, he reached down with iron claws and tilted her face to his, snarling already. But as he envisioned ripping her jaw from it’s home and donning her teeth as proudly as she had done his kin, he felt him.

Suddenly Yoongi’s energy was around him, pooling like a warm flame on his hand that held her face tight, and with it came a sense of calm.

“Kill me if you wish, to die by your teeth would be only fitting for the crimes I have committed for the survival of my clan,” She spoke quickly around his fingertips that dug into her cheeks, “-but before you do My King there is something you must know. Something you must know about that castle..”

He narrowed his eyes, releasing her face and gazing instead at the necklace that draped over her palms. He lifted it free of her embrace, his long fingers trailing over several of their teeth. His rage was quickly fading, his mind was focused on what was happening within him as all of Yoongi’s energy that flowed through him still pierced through the raging shadows like a bright white flame. It poured through him like a river of peace allowing his mind to think clearly, chasing back the demons of fear and doubt. 

He met her eyes once more, “Speak.”

“Does anyone else feel like that was too easy?” Seokjin mumbled, eyeing the castle from the courtyard they dismounted in.

Namjoon tied off his mount, and stepped up behind him, his eyes flashing silver as he wrapped an arm around Seokjin’s waist.

“It’s quiet,” He growled, “-too quiet.”

“I know.” Yoongi spoke softly as he peered straight ahead at the grandiose doors in front of them.

“Yoon, this feels like a snare..” Namjoon set his big hand on Yoongi’s shoulder.

He rolled his shoulders back, he knew what he needed to do. This was his throne and right now there was an infestation that needed to be purged from it. He marched full speed ahead, throwing open the doors with a level of regal confidence he’d never had before. He felt like a new man entering this castle's halls. No longer did this place feel like a prison to him, it was just a place, just layers of stone and hate to be pulled down and crushed. This wasn’t his home anymore, this simply a monument to the crimes of mankind. His home was on that mountain, in that castle that embraced the sky as openly as it embraced the stone that touched it. His home was in his dragon’s embrace.

“Your Highness,” Lord Gwan spilled from a room lining the corridor to the throne room, he reached forward with his hand resting on his forearm, “You should not have come.” There was panic and concern for Yoongi written all over his elderly expression.

Yoongi smiled softly, lifting a hand to rest it on his loyal lord’s that had embraced him, “ I had to.”

“Where is he?” Yoongi spoke softly looking down the hall.

“Exactly where you think he’d be,” Lord Gwan squeezed down as Yoongi went to take a step, “You highness you need to know, Your father was poisoned.”

Yoongi rolled his tongue over his lips, “You are sure?”

“I swear it on my daughter’s life, your Highness.” Lord Gwan leaned forward, “You should leave, as a father myself and old friend of your father, I cannot condone you continuing forward. I don’t know what he’s planning but this place isn’t safe for you, your highness.”

Yoongi smiled softly again, patting Lord Gwan’s hand, “I’ll be fi-”

So much happened in one moment. The sound of metallic scrapes and clangs, Namjoon’s ferocious growl, Lord Gwan’s gasp as he dove forward to protect Yoongi from whatever had snuck up behind them. He didn’t get time to react to any of it as his world was met with a sharp pain to his skull and faded quickly to black.

Mood:  "Shades and Shadows" Peter Gundry

All around him was grey mist, he could feel but not see the moss at his feet, and the water caught suspended and cold in the air around him was glowing. Glowing from him. He lifted his hand, it was glowing white hot with flames, pure and burning brightly. Before his night on that mountain top he might have been afraid to see such a thing, but when he lifted his hand and saw the steam that formed in its wake. He was not afraid.

‘Where are you?’

His dragon. His mate. The breathy voice washed over him in the mist and he felt such relief under it.

‘I do not know.’ 

His mouth didn’t move but his voice still filled the space around him.

‘I’ll find you.’

A hand wrapped in shadow reached from the mist, meeting him in the grey air between them, interlacing their fingers slowly. Yoongi looked into the white swirls of steam and mist and met the glowing amber eyes that were suspended there bound in shadow, the faint outlines of dragon and man defining them.

‘Live, you hear me?’

He reached forward with his other hand but Tae was already dissipating into the mist.

‘Tae-ah!’ the name of his mate echoed louder off him now.

Then he was gone, his last words reverberating with a growl in the void that now only embraced Yoongi’s soul.

“Fuck.” He grumbled, he tried opening his eyes but they didn’t work well when he did. He had to blink them several times. His head was pounding, literally pounding. He lifted his head from where his chin had rested on his chest, rolling it over his shoulders trying to alleviate the new ache he discovered in his neck now.

“Yoon!” Seokjin’s voice was rough, like he’d been in a desert for a week. He lifted his hand to rub his neck. The kiss of iron and the sound of metal scraping marble gave him pause. His eyes finally opened as he looked down at his wrist, clad in shackles, that bound him kneeling in his cushioned chair that laid on the floor. He twisted his wrist in them, indentations in his skin from where they rested heavily against him.

He looked off to his right, Namjoon and Seokjin sitting beside him, and to his left was Lord Gwan with his daughter next to Yoongi. He looked her up and down, she was dressed in the traditional bridal garbs. He looked across himself, and he donned the same. He glanced up at the banquet table that was laid before them like it was set for a  King and Queen, and clenched his jaw. 

This was a trap, but it was not for him. He closed his eyes as his hands started to shake with the heaviness that consumed his heart. He had returned aiming to make the world safer for those he loved, but now he had only managed to put them in harm's way once more.

“How long have I been out?” He mumbled, goddess his throat was dry, his eyes scanned the table in front of him.

“Two days.” Namjoon spoke deeply and it was laced heavily with a growl as his eyes never left the door to the throne room.

Yoongi reached for his goblet, as the young lady beside him started to sniffle.

“Don’t,” Seokjin reached forward but caught the end of his teethers, “don’t drink or eat. It’s all laced.”

Yoongi finally looked at him, his eye and cheekbone would bear a new scar when all this was over and his lips were so very dry, indicating how long he’d been without water. Yoongi swallowed what spit he had roughly, reaching over to rest his hand on Seokjin’s thigh. His oldest friend. His truest friend.

“I’m sorry..” Yoongi’s voice came to him so very roughly and Seokjin smiled.

“What could you possibly be sorry for?”

“This is the second time I have gotten you into a mess.” Yoongi lowered his head.“Yoon-ah, Look at me.”

Yoongi raised his eyes to meet Seokjin’s once more.

“You are my King, I’d follow you anywhere. Even unto death.” Seokjin’s eyes held the conviction of his words.

Yoongi squeezed him once more, releasing him to turn and appraise the floor to ceiling windows that lined the western side of the throne room. They were glowing red. Sunset was upon them.

“Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.” Yoongi grumbled.

“From your lips to the goddess’s ears,” Namjoon watched with narrowed eyes as a guard turned and retreated quickly from the room, “I’ve plans for a certain mountain cave.”

“I love you.” Seokjin whispered hoarsely, a smile on his lips and goodbye in his eyes.

Namjoon’s hand reached and Seokjin’s met his in the middle, both of them pulled tight against their chains to embrace the other’s hands.

“I love you my beautiful Lord Kim.”

A loud creak of a long since oiled door broke the tension in the room.

“Finally awake I see.”

Yoongi clenched his fists, rage building more wildly in him than it ever has in his life. His eyes flicked to the shadowed corner of the room where the red rays of this bloody sunset did not reach and from the emerged the weathered and mangled being that was his Uncle.“You killed my father.”

Lord Min smiled wickedly from ear to ear, “Yes, I did.”

“And my mother, and my brother, and even your own parents..”

The General paused in his approach, arching one of his white and silver eyebrows high, “You are smarter than I gave you credit for boy.”

“What I don't know is why..” Yoongi growled, “Why did you kill them?”

Yoongi didn’t think such a wicked smile could grow even more, but it did and it disgusted him to his core. The man looked borderline unhinged and loving every second of his madness.

Yoongi clenched his jaw, his rage burning through him hot like fire.

His uncle pursed his lips, pulling a dagger from his waist, “Do you know what this is?”

Yoongi didn’t answer, he just glanced at the small blade in his hands then back to his eyes that were soulless and empty.

His uncle smiled once more, drawing the steel from his scabbard, a sickening green glow pouring from it as he did. Everything that was his dragon mate in him retreated from it with a hiss, he felt sick, revolted, his being spinning in disgust. From where Namjoon sat he growled, low and feral, his eyes set in the same look of disgust on the blade the General bore.

“Would you like to see what it does?” The twisted expression of  Lord Min lit up in amusement as he motioned towards the snarling wolf ahead of him. He quickly closed the distance between them.

He knelt across the table from Namjoon, ignoring Seokjin as he fought against his teethers and hissed at him, he lifted the blade to Namjoon's bare chest and he cried out before the metal even met skin. Tentacles of green wickedly arching from the glowing steel, almost eager to take life, reached him first causing deeper lacerations across his large chest then the blade itself could ever do.

"Leave him!" Seokjin cried, tears streaming down his face as he watched Namjoon’s expression twist in agony. In a flurry the General shifted, smashing the hilt of the blade into Seokjin's unmarred brow, and his body went limp as the blood poured freely across his face.

"I'll fucking kill you.." Namjoon snarled as he huffed through his pain.

Lord Min smiled, twisting the tip of the blade with his fingertips, "There. You see Prince Yoongi? That's all a beast is good for, violence. It's all their animal minds can manage." He reached down and grabbed a halved blood orange from the platter in front of him, holding it in the air between him and Namjoon who had slumped forward heaving in pain. “Well that and squeezing every last drop of magic from their wretched forms.” He squeezed the fruit, red juice pouring over his fat fingers and splattering across the oak table below him.

“Squeezing the magic..” Yoongi mumbled furrowing his brow, his eyes on Namjoon as blood trickled from his lacerations, “What have you done Uncle?” He needed to distract him, to pull his attention back to him once more and away from his friends.

His uncle didn’t take his eyes from Namjoon, almost reveling in the pain that rippled through his large body, “That’s what my father said too, when I showed him my discovery. He was an Idealist you see, just as you unfortunately grew up to be.” He turned to look at Yoongi now, and he felt his lips twitch, the heat that rippled through his body was building, and he wanted nothing more than to devour the man before him.“I figured it out you see,” Lord Min smiled, “How to replicate that old magic the Mages of Renka had used against us all those centuries ago. All I needed was magic, pure magic-” He reached up again, pressing the tip of the blade into the flesh of Namjoon’s shoulder and he roared once more beneath him, “-straight from the source, the foul blood runs through these beasts.”

“How?” Yoongi said it quickly, hoping to keep his attention on talking instead of torturing Namjoon, which he seemed to have too much fun doing.

“I developed a device,” He pulled the blade back out, Namjoon’s blood splattering across Seokjin and the lovely white linens that decorated the table between them, “-an iron yolk of sorts. Surprisingly the constitution of Renka’s Mages are weaker than I had thought they would be, it didn’t take long for me to peel the spell I needed from his flesh.”

He rose once more, striding slowly down the length of the table, the bloody dagger clutched firmly in one hand, “But that fucking dragon found me, found it before it was ready. She went to my parents first, poisoned their minds against me, and when I watched my crown get passed to my weak and useless little brother I knew..” He kneeled down in front of Yoongi, “-that they would never understand. You see, my father thought we should live in harmony with all magic in this world, that the King of men should kneel before these beasts and the monstrosity that birthed them. Forever second place in this world.”

Yoongi rolled his tongue over his lip, “She’s our creator too.”

“She’s nothing more than a swamp witch that thought she could play god.” His Uncle said flatly.

“Blasphemy!” Lord Gwan hissed.

“Aye, it is, isn’t it.  That’s what my mother said too.” he ran his tongue across his twisted smile as he narrowed his eyes. He rose again, walking away to the center of the room.

“I made a mistake though,” He turned and raised his eyebrows at Yoongi, “-want to guess what that is?”

“The dragon.” Yoongi growled.

His Uncle beamed, “If only my own son was half as bright at you. Yes Prince Yoongi, it was the dragon, I should have done my research before ordering that purge. If I had then I would have known that there is no riper fruit for harvesting in this plane than a dragon. If I had, then I would have had the power to uproot that gnarled bitch from that mountain and wipe her seed from the earth decades ago.”

“You are a disgrace to the legacy of our blood.” Yoongi spoke the words and he knew it was spoken from his soul, not his mind.

“Legacy?!" He scoffed, "What greater legacy than to create a world where our family rules unchallenged for generations?” Lord Min smiled proudly as he stared into the red stained glass windows.

His uncle continued to speak but all he heard was his heart racing like thunder in his ears. He thought he was going to pass out from the fear that clutched him, tears already forming in his eyes.

‘Go back.’ he screamed in his mind, hoping with all of his being that Tae would hear him. That Tae would head him.

A new sound formed in the room that held them, the sound of roaring wind, the way it roars through the sparse pines on a mountain summit. A black shadow streaked past the stained glass windows, blocking out the sun in each one it passed.

Tears kissed his cheeks, as he closed his eyes and poured his whole soul into the words that ran through his mind, ‘Leave me.’

‘I'll never leave you.’

“At last..” The general breathed, his eyes following the shadow as it roared back past, and he spun to watch it circle past every window that lined the throne room. The wind of his great wings rattling the panes in their frames.

Lord Min spun on his heel as there was a crash in the hall outside the oak doors that secured the throne room, the sound of wood and stone cracking paired with the tinkle of a thousand pieces of glass scattering across marble.

 He turned back to Yoongi, hurriedly closing the distance between them, crossing around the back of the table placing Yoongi in between himself and the door.

His large hand balled itself in Yoongi’s hair and he snarled and struggled against his hold, his uncle yanked him tight to his chest as he leaned his face down to his ear, “In truth it is you who will have made our legacy, for you are the one who brought home the last dragon.”

Yoongi’s lips parted as he felt the cool kiss of steel against his throat, all the while he watched the doors in front of him swing open hard, shadow and ash spiralling like a storm in it’s frame.

The shadow subsided and in its wake stood Tae, dark and furious, flanked by Hoseok and Jimin. Tae took a large step forward, his fangs on full display as fires burned across his irises, embers scattering across the marble below him.

"Ah ah ah.." His uncle tsk'd in his ear, the sharp edge of his dagger breaking the skin of Yoongi's throat, and they all stilled. Yoongi's vision was blurred, glowing green under the twisted magic that leapt viciously off the steel cut him. He felt like he couldn't breathe, he felt it seeping into him, chasing the magic that coursed through him and shredding him from the inside out.

"Throw down your weapons.." 

Hoseok glanced at Tae, who nodded once, then the room was full of the clatter of his double blades skidding across its floor.

Yoongi felt the cheek of his uncle twist under the deranged smile he knew painted his features.

"Leave me.." Yoongi exhaled, the pain rippling through him was almost unbearable, but the pain of losing any of them would surpass what tore itself through his veins.

Tae snarled, kneeling slowly and Jimin and Hoseok followed suit. The guards were on them in a heartbeat, the wicked green blades pressed tight to all of them. Tae winced, but swallowed down the pain as his eyes remained on Yoongi, blood seeping down the front of him.

“Jimin-ah!” Hoseok cried out, attempting to move towards him as Jimin’s head rolled back, a silent cry of agony rippling through him as blue and greenlight arched from his flesh.

“What do we have here?” The General threw Yoongi forward across the table, the skin around his wrists breaking as he hit the end of his chains. He walked around the length of the banquet table, crossing the room and coming to kneel before Jimin. His good eye carefully examined the light show occurring around Jimin.

“Well..” He breathed, “-aren’t you a particularly potent beast… fetch a collar for him.”

“Don’t you fucking touch him!” Hoseok roared, attempting to lunge but was subdued.

“Lord Jung, as Captain of the Guard I would expect more respect from you for your King.” Lord Min growled.

“You are no King of mine.” Hoseok spit  on the floor between them, his eyes held a murderous look. 

Yoongi laid breathless as panting against the table, his eyes watching as new guards poured into the room. It took several of them, but they managed an iron bib around Jimin’s throat, and when it met his skin Jimin’s scream echoed through the room. Yoongi balled his fist in the table cloth, the rage boiling once more inside of him, this time with more fervor.

Jimin collapsed forward, screaming and crying in agony as his collar lit up the room, an ungodly green, blue being pulled from his being and turned to green light that made it glow brighter by the second. 

“Jimin-ah!” Hoseok lunged once more, the guard behind him smashing his skull with the hilt of his sword, and collapsed onto his side on the floor.

“Hoseok-ahh..” Jimin whined, his hand reaching into the space between them as he sobbed uncontrollably.

“I’m here..I’m here..” Hoseok chanted breathily, his hand reaching back.

Yoongi pushed from the table, kneeling upright once more, the movement brought Tae’s attention from Jimin back to him. As their eyes met another arched light of green slid across his torso, opening his flesh in front of Yoongi’ eyes. Tae winced slightly, but grit his teeth and bared them instead. Yoongi’s skin was tingling, it felt like a fire was caught across it.

“Hmm..” The General rose, using his foot to push Hoseok onto his back, the light of his mating mark across his chest caught all of his attention. He stepped one foot over Hoseok and squatted over him, balling his fist in his hair to bring his face to meet his, a look of revolution painting all his twisted features, “Did you mate with this animal?” 

“Fuck you.” Hoseok choked out.

“Disgusting.” Lord Min tossed his head back to the hardened marble, rising quickly to slam his boot into his face.

“Hoseok-ahhhh!!” Jimin sobbed once more.

His uncle moved quickly towards Jimin, now picking him from the floor, and for a moment Jimin composed himself in the most murderous expression even though his lips still quivered in pain. 

“Silence you harlot,” he sneered, spit flying from his lips and Jimin blinked as it landed across his cheeks, “Is that what you thrive in doing, hmm? Seducing good men into your wicked animal ways?”Jimin licked his lips and arched a brow at him, “Uncollar me and find out..”

The General lifted the dagger, making for his face.

Tae’s deep voice rumbled through the hall.

Lord Min turned to face him.

“We both know your prize is kneeling right here.” Tae clenched his jaw, his eyes still meeting Yoongi’s.

The old man discarded Jimin’s body like a kid that’s grown bored of his new toy already. Rising and closing the distance between them.

“Do you know how long I’ve waited for a dragon?” He bent at the waist appraising Tae’s form.

“The length of your meaningless life is but a pebble of sand in the course of my own,” Tae spoke flatly, still not looking at him, “I can assure you I have waited far longer for things far more valuable.” His amber eyes glowed like lava as Tae finally peered up at him.

Yoongi’s eyes fell on his uncle. There was a calm that took the hand of his rage and burned bright across him. He watched him lean down and run his dagger across Tae, his dragon finally roaring. His hands were tingling, heat and blood pooling in them.

Yoongi was going to kill him. He let his eyes scan the room once more, his mind taking inventory of all the damage his Uncle had done to everything he had ever loved in his entire life. His on fire, he felt the familiar ache building in his jaw and he rolled it forward.

The heat caught his attention before the glow did, he glanced down subtly to see his hands glowing so hot at his sides the iron that encased his wrists was starting to glow like irons fresh from the forge.

“Yoon..” Seokjin breathed, his blood covered and squinted eyes watching on in awe.

Yoongi’s voice rang out clear and true, and his Uncle turned to face him, his hand that was torturing Tae stilling. Yoongi heard the iron beginning to drip to the marble.

“Kneel.” He snarled, feeling his own fangs starting to kiss the softness of his own lips as he spoke.

 “You think you can give me orders boy?” His uncle straightened and furrowed his brow,  “Who do you think you are?”

Yoongi felt the fire that ran wildly just below his skin, and he focused, he focused on feeding it’s flames and pooling all his rage into his hands.

“I am Min Yoongi, Crown Prince and by right of blood, King. I am the reincarnation of the First King of men as Lord Azrah’s proud soul lingers in my body, and  you will  kneel at my feet and honorably accept the consequences of your crimes against the oath that runs through your veins, the same as mine.” Yoongi tilted his chin upwards, smiling as he watched the anger that ran itself chaotically across his uncle's face.

“Y-Y-You..” He stepped forward stammering.

“You see Uncle you’ve made another mistake,” He smiled widely, pride radiating from every feature in his being, “-not only have you underestimated all the magical beings the goddess in all her glory bore from the grey lands,  but you have underestimated me.”

“You are just a boy..” The old man snarled, waving his dagger wildly in the air at him.

“Not anymore,” Yoongi licked his lips smiling, he felt the magic that stirred deep within him, and it wasn’t Tae's, “-and tonight you will die.”

He saw it, the moment his Uncle caught sight of his fangs, his eyes flicking to the base of his throat. He relished in it, the fear he could smell radiating off of him in that moment. He spoke no truer words, he wasn’t a boy anymore, nor was he quite simply a man. Tae’s love had awoken a King within Yoongi, and his dragon embrace had awoken something more ancient than that. 

Suddenly, there was a rumble, built low and deep at first, then it grew exponentially. The dishes on the banquet table started to vibrate off its oaken surface. He watched his Uncle spin wildly in the center of the room. Panic. Fear. Hate. All things unbecoming of a King rippling off the old man as his composure was chipping away.

“Yes..” Tae smiled wickedly from ear to ear, shadows starting to pool round him once more, his eyes full of pride as he met the gaze of Yoongi across the room, “-tonight  you will  die.”

The General hummed down at him questioningly, then turned, caught a light in the growing orange glow that was careening towards the stained glass windows.“Wha-”

He dove to the side, rolling out of the way of the flaming mass that broke through the wall and rolled devastatingly through the room.

“Your Majesty!” A Soldier clamored  into the room, almost dropping his sword, “We are under siege!!”Another ball of flame ricketed across the roof of the throne room revealing the evening sky in its wake, pieces of stone and wood clattered all around them.

“By Whom boy!?” The General growled from the floor.

“By...ev-everything..my lord…” There was such fear written on his face.

The old man heaved himself from the floor, storming from the room, “Bring me my armor.”

“What of them, Your majesty?” The Captain that stood next to Jimin’s writhing form spoke, nodding his head to the room of prisoners.

“Bring the dragon and the fae below, kill the rest.” and he disappeared down the hall, and Yoongi watched another flaming boulder pierce the wall and wreak havoc on the castle interior and the sight of it brought him joy.

The soldiers that lingered set themselves about their orders, one coming to rest over Hoseok, his sword held high in the air. Yoongi looked down once more, his wrist almost free of the iron, white and amber flames burning brightly over his palms.

“Do you really want to do that..” He spoke flatly, his eyes on the soldier who paused, appraising him, “Move and you die.” Yoongi pulled his mouth tight, he felt the beast that stirred deeply inside of him, coiling like a snake ready to strike.

The soldier looked back down at Hoseok, rising up on his tiptoes to pull down his sword hard.

Yoongi moved fluidly, rising from his kneeling position, the tinkle of iron links filled the room as they sprang everywhere. He extended his hand in front of him, a torrent of white flame spilling forward from it, twisting like a river of lava across the room to ravenously consume the man who dared to end his friend's life. 

He turned his palm back to himself, appraising the flames that dance so easily and freely across him. He glanced at the other soldiers in the room, who all threw down their weapons and ran from the room, leaving their comrade screaming as he writhed in his final agony. 

He turned to Seokjin and Namjoon, squatting down to grasp their bindings, lifting the chains in his hand and watching their white hot glow spread quickly. He yanked them hard, sending links flying.The two of them rose quickly, stumbling as they made their way to Jimin and Hoseok. He turned to his left, repeating this for Lord Gwan and his terrified daughter.

Mood:  "The Darkness of Light" by Secession Studios

Then he rose, turning to face his dragon who was kneeled, beaming with pride at him. He closed the distance between them, stripping his clothing until he lingered in simply his leather pants. He kneeled before Tae, his flame covered hands reigniting and wrapping around the iron chains they had bound him with. They disintegrated quickly under his heat, and he yanked them from his mate. Tae’s arm was around him, their lips pressed tightly together, Tae’s shadow and ash pouring from him like rivers of blackness all the while Yoongi’s white flames danced from his skin and wrapped around every part of Tae they touched. 

Yoongi pulled his mouth from Tae’s, “Let’s burn this fucking castle down.” he whispered.

Tae smiled from ear to ear, his mortal form disappearing as his dragon unfurled into the room around him. Yoongi quickly mounted him, like he and his mate had flown together as one a thousand times,  looking back over his shoulder at his friends.

“Get out, get to safety.” Seokjin nodded, tossing Jimin’s collar far away from the Fae, then lifting him from the floor.

The black dragon mounted the wall of the throne room,  his wings shifting forward to push through the hole made by the flaming projectile. It didn’t take them long to pierce through it’s crumbling structure. The red light of the dying sun painted them both as they lingered on the roof of the hall.

Yoongi’s eyes took in the sight, the mountains around them alive with all manner of magical beast and kin. Wolves, Bears, Faes, and many more ebings of magic he hadn’t even seen before. His eyes quickly took notice of the Giants who loaded the catapults, his eyes trailing after the flaming projectiles as they shot like shooting stars through the sky and bounced across the prison of his youth. 

There was a great bellowing of an ancient horn and Yoongi shifted on Tae’s neck to peer downward at the Centaur Lord that led his vanguard of horse lords into the mass of soldiers that poured like ants from the castle below. Yoongi smiled, catching sight of white painted beautifully with black, as the ancient tiger spirit charged side by side forward with Lord Hakon. 

Yoongi shifted once more, his eyes scanning the parapets that still stood, looking and searching for his prey. The battle had cost so much life already, and the castle was looking less and less like a fortress and more like a ruin by the second. Yoongi smiled, feeling his fangs press against his lips as he reveled in the moment. His mate, His dragon, His King had brought a whole army to find him. The fact that Tae was willing to burn down the world to protect him made him feel so very alive and so very endeared to the dark dragon below him.

The grizzled old voice caught his mind, and his sharp eyes quickly found the General and his brigade who manned giant iron cross bows, and on his command they fired metal spears into the vanguard that smashed against the castle walls and swept so easily through the army of man that dared to stand against it.

Tae was already adjusting himself on the roof, and Yoongi knew that he had found him too. Yoongi leaned forward, running his white hot hands across Tae’s black as night forehead, taking a singular moment to close his eyes and press his cheek to the armored volcanic glass scales that encased his dragon form. 

He twisted his face and narrowed his eyes as his uncle caught sight of the pair of them, quickly ordering the great bows to point to a new target.

“His life is ours,” he whispered.

Tae snaked his great head forward, opening his jaw wide, all of his sharp sword-like fangs glowing red in the last light of the sun as he roared so loudly it echoed into the mountains around them. Then with a singular wing beat, he leapt.

Mood:  "The Stolen Child" by CLANN

“Ugh.” Jungkook groaned, lifting his foot from the muck that formed at the base of the great drain that poured sewer run off from the castle.

He looked up over his shoulder at the sky behind him, it was just now turning pink as the sun began to set in the western sky. He didn’t have much time, the siege would begin soon. He turned back towards the stone opening that laid before him, pressing his palms flat into the muck covered base of the tunnel to pull his body inwards. He would be covered in it, and his face lingered in one of disgust. Then he chuckled at the kinds of hell Jimin would give him before he would let him into bed with him and Hoseok again.

He pulled his feet beneath him, rising to stand and slink inward to the castle. He didn’t know what he was looking for exactly, the bear queen had been vague when she said ‘You’ll know when you see it.’ But Tae was right, this castle smelled of death and old magic. He hadn’t noticed it before, but as he headed even deeper into the darkness of this tunnel his mind couldn’t escape it as it overpowered the smell of sewer so easily Jungkook quickly forgot it was a part of the concoction. 

The tunnel spilled out into a room with several halls, he didn’t have time to search them all. He closed his eyes, turning his face upwards flaring his nose to gather as much as he could from the thick air around him. The smell of death poured heavily from the tunnel to his left, but it was now spiraling through the darkness with a new scent. Life.

He hurried forward, his keen ears now catching the little sounds of movement and breathing. There was a glow forming in his vision at the end of the tunnel, a green glow clinging to the wet stone like an infection. Jungkook paused, the fox spirit that lived just below his flesh begging him to turn from this place. But then his ears caught a noise that echoed heavily down the hall, and into his heart.

He rushed forward now, stumbling as he spilled into the room that towered above him. He caught himself on his palms, turning them quickly to appraise the broken skin and fresh blood as he knelt. Then he realized that a wicked green glow was pouring heavily over him now. He looked up, his mouth falling open at the glowing glass sphere in the middle of the room, twisted ancient magic swirling it’s tentacles inside.

There was a shuffle and his keen eyes flicked to the right of the sphere’s base, where a mage hovered over a pale fae boy that writhed on the stone. The boy was pulling at the iron around his neck, as the green tentacles vined outward from the glass and wrapped around the metal and his cry filled the room. The boy looked so very much like Jimin, and it triggered a ferocity in Jungkook he hadn’t ever felt before. He didn’t know how far the men of this castle had fallen from the Goddess light to have been able to create such evil, but he knew one thing. He wasn’t leaving this place without that boy.

He lunged forward, quick and quiet, the mage didn’t realize it was the end of his life till it was too late. Jungkook kneeled over the boy, who reached out and gripped onto his shins, his eyes begging for release, either from his bindings or from life.

“I got you.” he breathed, reaching forward to unclasp it. He snarled as the magic that wrapped around the iron bit his fingers easily to the bone. But he didn’t retreat, he lingered as blood poured from his hands until the collar was free of the boy's throat. He tossed it across the room, grateful to watch the light arching away from them now. He gently scooped up the Young Fae in his arms, running the least bloodied parts of his hand over his face to push back his white hair.

The fae nodded, and then lifted his small hand to point behind him.

“I’m not alone.” He whispered hoarsely.

Jungkook turned, but could hardly see into the dark past the green glow. 

“Over here!” A small voice called and Jungkook’s eyes caught the reflection off the eyes of another fox spirit in the dark. He rose with the boy in his arms, stepping towards the walls of the room, finally able to see the several floors of cells that lined the room.All full. All bearing children.“The levers are behind you!” The thin framed dark haired adolescent boy pointed to a stone square that contained a multitude of leavers. He hurriedly went to stand before, setting the fae boy standing before him and leaning against his chest. 

There was a rumble that rattled through the room, followed by a boom several hundred feet above them. Large pieces of stone are starting to fall, Jungkook leaned over the child to protect him from errant rubble in the air.

“It has begun.” he whispered, his eyes trailing over all the levers, he started pushing them forward, snarling at the pain in his broken hands as they flipped the switches. The fae in front of him leaned forward, his small round hands helping him flip all of them quickly. 

He turned from the stone pedestal, gathering the boy in his arms once more as the other fox spirit directed all the children out of their cells and cascaded down stairs and across the room towards him. There had to be nearly two hundred of them.

“This way!” he bellowed, turning to lead them from the room as more large pieces of stone tumbled down around them, the siege above them only increasing by the second.

They moved quickly down the hall and down the sewer drain,  he paused at the entrance of it, hopping out to set the boy down and turning back to help the children hop down. The young fox hopped down first, assisting him in helping the magical babes quickly pour from the drain.

“Into the woods!” he yelled at them, continuing to assist them. He looked up at the blood red sky that was darkening by the minute, his golden eyes catching sight of the flaming boulders that were dismantling this castle quickly. 

The last of them spilled out, and he checked the tunnel one last time before grabbing out the pale fae and turning with the young fox to run up the hill side that rose away from the castle. A loud creaking of aged wood and metal caught his full attention and he turned at the waist to see the gate that opened wide, soldiers spilling from it like a wave of insects, all bearing swords that lit the growing darkness green.

He stopped, the young fox freezing alongside him, he looked back over his shoulder at all the youth that was still fleeing into the woods. He looked at the brave young fox spirit, who lingered next to him, his eyes set in determination as he looked upon the horde that ran towards them.

“What’s your name?” Jungkook said softly.

“Dante, my family is of no note.”

“Well Dante,” He handed the fae boy to him, “I never met a fox spirit who wasn’t worth noting.” He smiled and placed his hand on his shoulder, looking into his golden eyes and seeing himself reflected in them.

“You must lead them now, head north, there you will find a castle on the northernmost mountain of the range. There you will be safe.”

“What about you?” His young brow furrowed in concern.

“I must stay,” He turned from the boy, “You see the two people I love most are in that castle, and I won’t leave without them.” He felt his claws and fangs extending, the black fox within him already starting to break the surface of his flesh and unfurl ferociously into the evening air. 

He looked at the boy one more time, “Go now.” The boy nodded, turning quickly from him and climbing through the wet earth up the hill and into the woods.

Jungkooks massive paws landed with a thud, his golden eyes appraising the waves of death that climbed up the hillside towards him. He dug his claws in, opening his mouth wide and snarling down at them. Then he paused, looking down as he felt the vibration before he heard them, then he looked back up and felt the corners of his lips pull up in a foxen smirk. He charged forward as the ancient horn blared behind him, the centaurs he had watched in awe in his youth bursting from the pine behind him and catching up with him quickly. Their screams and hoof beats echoing off the crumbling stone of the castle below them. 

As he neared, the line of terrified men broke their ranks to flee the charge. He leapt, his sharp teeth having no trouble making short work of their lives. He bounced quickly from soldier to soldier, utilizing the horse lords around him for shelter or platforms to vault from onto new prey. 

He landed on a captain, riding him down to the earth, ripping his throat easily from him. The sound of heavy muffled footfalls next to him made him spin quickly, and he pressed himself tight to the body below him as the white tiger's great paw stretched past him to send the soldier fixated on ending his life flying into the sky. She hoped to the right, quickly dodging a long metal spear that was propelled deep into the earth where she had stood.

They made eye contact and he bowed his head in respect to the ancient spirit she was, before a sound he had never heard in his life filled the sky around them.

All of them did, the battle stilled and they all craned their heads up to the castle that had begun to burn above them.

There he was in all his glory, their King, his great black wings extended like sails made of the night sky. A roar emanated from him that filled Jungkook not with fear, but with pride, as it echoed across the mountains around them. Upon his neck was Yoongi, his hands burning bright with white flames, as Tae lifted them from the roof of the castle.

“Our King fights!” Hakon roared behind Jungkook, “And so shall we!”

Mood:  "A New Century" by Jessica Curry

They twisted together through the air, dodging the iron spears that pierced the sky and whistled a deathly tune as they cut the air around them. Tae beat his wings and they rose high, flipping head over tail and diving like an arrow back at the castle. Yoongi bore down with his thighs as he sat up from Tae’s neck, if they were to get close to his Uncle they needed to get rid of those massive cross bows that lined the castle walls. He closed his eyes, extending his hands and placing them shoulder width from one another as he concentrated on pooling all of the rage that ran through him in the space between.

Tae banked, ‘Now.’ his breathy voice purred in Yoongi’s mind.

Yoongi opened his eyes, quickly identifying his target, and he threw his arms forward sending the ball of white flame careening into the parapet that held the weapon, smiling from ear to ear as it burned and fell from the castle walls. Tae’s opened his mouth wide, his red dragon fire spilling forth over the stone as he passed it.

‘Yes!’  Tae hissed with pride,  ‘Again!’

The dragon banked once more, Yoongi’s hands easily forming the mass of flame and rage between them and as he hurled it into the weapons that stood before his Uncle, he caught his expression and their eyes met, and he knew that his Uncle realized this battle was already over.

Tae’s great body turned another direction, circling back.

“Take out that beast!” He heard his uncle roar, another volley of iron screaming towards them. 

Yoongi gasped, they were too close, Tae wouldn't be able to dodge them all. Tae hurriedly tucked his wings, and Yoongi pressed himself flat while all his muscles bore down tight to his dragon as they spiraled side over side in an effort to avoid the metal death that whizzed by.

Tae roared as two hit home, one in his shoulder, and one in his hind leg. 

“Tae-ah!” Yoongi screamed.

But the dragon didn't still, didn't retreat, instead he charged forward. Yoongi swallowed down his panic, realizing as well that this was their moment, it would take too long to reload and now their prey was vulnerable.

Tae landed against the castle wall, his horned face arching up into the red glow of sunset as he glared down at the terrified man at his feet. All of his soldiers scattering and abandoning him there.

‘Die!’  He roared, lunging forward with his jaws extended wide.

A shadow caught Yoongi’s attention, he looked up searching for the source of the shrill scream that spilled from heavens above them.

“Tae-ah, Quick!” Yoongi leaned forward, his eyes on his uncle, “She’s coming!”

Tae’s teeth snapped shut around the General's body, and he beat his wings hard lifting his body with them as they ascended high above the castle. They paused several hundred feet up, Tae rocking his great head back and forth and all Yoongi could hear were the snaps and pops of bones and flesh. Then the dragon released the mangled corpse and Yoongi watched it drop. A smile forming on his face, relief washing over his body.

“It is done.” He whispered, and Tae rumbled below him.

Mood: "Quiet Moon" by Colossal Trailer Music

A Shadow consumed him, like all of the sudden it was completely night.He coughed, blood trickling over his lip. He turned his face downwards, his hands wrapping around the talon that hooked through his torso. His hands turned red at the blood that spilled from him and over Tae’s black body below him.

‘No!’  Tae roared, snarling and arching his head backwards to snap his jaws and the large eagle that had latched onto his back. Yoongi watched on as the cold caress of death began to sweep over him as her talons ripped at Tae’s black wing, her sharp beak ripping easily through the armored scales that defended his throat. Tae’s blood was pouring into the sky, and in that moment he feared the end of Tae’s existence more than his own. He couldn’t, he couldn’t linger idly by and watch as Tae gave his life once more for him.

He closed his eyes, he was cold.

He was calm, still like a tideless ocean. His mind easily allowed him to venture back to their night on that mountain. How they had embraced one another in that spring, what it had felt like to feel that flow of Tae’s magic pour blissfully through him. He let that, that memory, that undying and deep reaching love wash over him. He let it pool heatedly in his heart, his soul catching fire under its intensity, he felt his soul rising within him it’s white flames burning just below the surface of his skin lusting to escape him and protect his mate.

So let it, and oh how bright he burned.

The clouds around him glowed white with the light and flame that emanated from him, all of him, he reached up and laid his hands on the eagle above him. She screamed into the almost completely darkened sky, her golden feathers catching quickly under Yoongi’s flames. She released Yoongi and Tae, retracting from his white light and burning touch.

Tae twisted to chase her, his jaws snapping closed around her.

But Yoongi did not move with him, all of the strength in him was gone as the flames died quickly. 

He was falling, and as he watched Tae end the last threat to his life in the sky above him, he smiled. His mate was safe, His mate would live, even if he did not. But even that thought did not bring him fear as he knew that they were bound together now through all of time. He closed his eyes, the cold consuming all of him as the wind rushed icy past him.

Tae would find him again.

And he would be waiting.

“I ask you to pass though life at my side

-to be my second self and best earthly companion”

"Ancient Fairy" by Invadable Harmony

“Prince Taehyung!!”

Tae rolled his tongue between his teeth, biting down on it for concentration as he climbed up and over the massive roots that spilled down the mountain. His caretaker was still calling after him, only slightly panicked, but that didn’t stop him. 

His hands were just big enough to fit tightly into the cracks in the aged and bowed bark that lined the great vining roots. He glanced up, the mountain breeze catching his curls playfully against his rounded cheeks of youth, his eyes fixated on the branches of the Great Tree his parents had brought him to visit.

“What’s the big deal..” He grumbled, now hoisting himself up the trunk, “-it’s just a tree.”

He really didn’t understand why they had to dress up all fancy and fly all the way here just to look at a dead tree. Granted, it was the biggest tree Taehyung had ever seen in his short life so far, but still a tree nonetheless. His mother had said the tree was special, it was the Goddess’s home on this side of the veil, and that it was important to pay her homage as she made the world as it was. 

Tae frowned as he pulled his body onto the first branch he came across that he thought was large enough to support him. Shadows rippled above him, and he craned his eyes upwards to gaze in awe at them, the dragons that played on the mountain breeze. They were so beautiful with all their colors and horns, and Tae found himself envious of them and their massive wings.

“Cecilia?” He heard his mother’s voice and he shifted to look back down the mountain and the mass of well dressed dragons that were gathered at the shrine below. The Queen of dragons stood with her arms outstretched, waiting on the small silver dragon that fluttered chaotically towards her.

Even Cecilia had her wings, and she was much younger than him. Though his mother had tried to comfort him, telling him that one day his body would remember what his soul is, he still felt the twinge of pain as he watched them all. He was just an orphaned boy surrounded by dragons.

“Very Good Cecilia.” His mother cooed while cradling her born daughter in her arms. Tae tsk’d, his chest tightening. He turned to reattach himself to the bark of the trunk, crawling around it’s circumference to now cling to the side of the great tree. He tried not to think about it, the fact that he would never know who his true parents were. He would never know their embrace when he was sad or hurt, he would never feel them when they watched him with pride. 

The breeze blew across him hard and he turned his face towards the setting sun that painted the sky red and blue. The landscape of their kingdom spilling wide below this mountain. He glanced downward, at the drop that hung just the other side of his massive tree he clung too. For a moment he wondered, if he just jumped, would his body remember what he was before death claimed him?

He shifted his grip, focused on the cliffs below, a loud snap filled the air around him and by the time he realized the bark had given way under his hands he was already falling. He tumbled hard against the trunk, hitting the twisted roots below even harder before settling into a bed of soft moss. 

He twisted, wincing in pain as he grabbed his knee, blood already seeping into the torn white silk around it. He didn’t want to cry, but he did. Hard. 

Here he was surrounded by his kind, and he never felt so alone. He felt incomplete, like he had left something important to him as a whole somewhere and couldn’t remember where he’d left it.

He heard a twig snap, and he shifted his face to peer into the golden rays of sunset looking for the source of the sound. He squinted, unable to block out light to see, until a figure did it for him.

He should have shrunk away hissing from a stranger in the mountains, but he did not. Instead he lingered in awe as he looked up at her. She was tall and slender, her olive skin peeking through her waist length black curly hair as she moved. She was adorned simply, in a thin as sky black gown, the ancient markings that ran up the sides of her arms and down the front of her legs held more black than her hair or gown. And when she squatted down next to him, her mud covered small feet wiggling into the moss, pushing her wispy curls from her large green eyes, Tae knew he would never be afraid of her.

Tae blinked. He had heard her and yet none of the beautiful features that made her face had moved. He watched her crane her head forward, tilting it to the side and knitting her brow together as she looked with concern over his knee.

“I’m fine.” He said stubbornly with tears still drying on his cheeks.

She looked back into his eyes, her emerald irises glowing and dancing, her expression painted with fondness and amusement.

‘Always so willful.’

She dipped her ink covered hands into the pool of mountain spring water that had gathered in this pocket among the roots. Tae watched on captivated as bright green and white light poured from her hand, filling the entirety of the pool until it glowed. She cupped some drops in her palm, lifting it slowly and pouring the contents out over Tae’s knee. He leaned forward and gasped as he watched it heal.

‘What have they called you?’

A shadow caught his eye, and he looked off at the Dragons that still played on the breeze.

 His emotions returned quickly to him as the tears poured heavily over his cheeks. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the woman shift to look up at the dragons, then back down at him.

‘Why do you cry child?’

‘I’m alone..so alone..” he sobbed.

Her voice, her energy, hit him differently, it washed over him with such a sense of safety and warmth. He blinked again, turning to face her once more. She had leaned closer to him, her eyes filled with such soft fondness, the same he had seen in his mother as she cradled Cecilia. She reached up and cupped his face tenderly, running her tattooed thumbs across his cheeks to dry his tears.

‘You are never alone.’

The sky around them darkened, as the sun began to dip behind the horizon and she turned to appraise it, her eyes glowing even more so now. She smiled at him once more, rising to step slowly into the water, it’s glow starting to seep into her as her tattoos began to radiate light as she stepped deeper still. Tae rose, standing at the edge of the pool watching her magic seep into the roots of the tree, lighting up the cracks of the bark and traveling up the trunk.

‘Never forget, Taehyung..’

She turned to face him in the waist deep water, cradling her hands in front of her, a large white bloom forming between her palms. She leaned forward presenting it to him and he waded into the water to take it from her.

‘-That you are loved, in this world and the next.’

She ran her hand across his cheek once more, and Tae was held captive by the love that swirled in her eyes as she looked over all of him. She smiled, running a hand through his curls, before righting herself once more. She held her arms away from her, Her palms now glowing in the twilight that hung heavily over the mountain. Her eyes turned to white light as the glow of the pool grew so bright that he had to turn away from it.

When it had subsided, he discovered she was gone. He turned back towards the tree, watching the light travel across it, white blooms cascading from every branch it touched, the same as the one he held so gingerly.

He heard a noise to his right, and turned to see the familiar sight of a large white fox, it’s blue eyes watching him curiously.

“Uncle!” He called stumbling from the pond, and raced up to him, “There was a beautiful woman here just now, and she gave me this.”

The fox peered down at the flower in his hand, his eyes shifting to the blood stained hole around his knee and the healed flesh below it. 

‘The Goddess favors you child.’

The fae fox smiled with his eyes.

“She does?” Tae mumbled, his thumbs playing with the flower bloom.

‘Aye, and I look forward to the day I see why.’

The fox hopped playfully forward, sniffing hard into his ear and Tae giggled away from him,

‘Come child, before your mother has us both for dinner.’

Tae obediently climbed onto his presented back, taking one last moment to peer up at the white blossoms that glowed in the moonlight as the green magic under the bark still pulasted.  He smiled as her words washed over him in his memories once more.

‘You are never alone.’

Sheer unadulterated pride.

That’s what consumed him as he watched Yoongi rise from his bondages, his hand swaying forward in front of him and the white hot flames of a dragon that danced through the quickly eroding throne room to consume those who threaten the lives he held dear.

When Yoongi came to kneel before him, his hands glowing hot against his chest as the iron gave way under them, Taehyung had never felt such pride in his entire life. He could have taken him right then and there in that burning room. Then he pulled from their kiss and uttered the most delicious phrase to him and Tae purred on the inside at the beast that was his mate.

He shifted quickly, ready to burn the broken world of men till nothing remained but earth and ash so they might begin anew. Ready to taste that man’s blood on his tongue and savor the sweetness of it down his throat. Too long had he waited for this moment, too long had he yearned to rip the evil rot of this kingdom from this world.

He lingered on the roof of the castle, Yoongi’s heat radiating down his spine as he watched his army spill down the mountain and wipe it clean of the crimes that had stained it’s ancient face. 

The sound caught him in an iron grip, he felt his whole body tighten and the energy that spilled forth from Yoongi as he straddled him told him Yoongi felt it too. He shifted to face the old mangled man, his claws breaking through the stone with how hard he gripped them. He felt Yoongi slide himself forward across the top of his head, an almost lustful heat pouring from him across his mind and body. His mate, purring against him, lusting for blood.

“His life is ours.”

The words ignited a fire in him, it rippled through his entire being and filled him with a desire to satiate that lust. He opened his mouth wide, letting his power bellow out across the mountain, reveling in the fear that wrecked the man that had dared to marr this world with his wickedness. Death would come for him this eve, it would come on black wings with fangs that were sharp and long.

He launched forward, and Yoongi melted into him. They moved as one, they thought as one, and when Yoongi began to pool the fire between his palms Tae felt that too. Pride filled him once again as he watched it explode and crash over the walls of the castle, he opened his mouth once more letting his own red fire dance alongside his mates. 

He banked, they banked together, and he couldn’t shake this soft echo of a memory that  lingered in his bones that told him they had done this before. They had flown together in battle, they had let their fire consume the earth below them and purge the world of the weeds that consumed the light that bloomed here.

He saw them, even before Yoongi cried his name, but it was too late and he couldn't dodge them. He roared as they drove deep into his muscle, but he didn’t stop. He saw his hole, and as he landed and watched the wretched soul before him shrivel in fear he felt a smile pull at even his dragon lips as they exposed his fangs to the red glow of sunset.

He had been so consumed with the delicious act of observing the final moments of the vile man that stood before him, he had forgotten about his familiar till Yoongi reminded him. He lunged forward, snatching the man, and launching himself upwards. He knew she would want to attack from above, so he kept rising into the clouds, allowing them to embrace them as he shook the limp body side to side. 

The man wasn’t even worth consuming so he spit his carcass out onto the earth below him, where it would lay uncovered to be consumed by insects and beasts. Unmarked. Forgotten by time.

"Sacrifice" by Sharon Lyons

Tae froze as a sickening crunch filled his ears, he felt the warmth of Yoongi’s blood that poured over him.

He roared it, the noise escaping him and echoing through the clouds.

He leaned back, trying to reach her, trying to pull her from his mate. He was desperate, he needed to end her quickly, to get Yoongi to Jimin quickly. She ripped his wing and they fell several hundred feet, her beak tore at his neck and she felt how deep she cut. His own blood hung in the air around them now.

Then he blinked, the clouds around them burning the brightest white he had ever seen in his life. As he felt the immense heat that poured over his whole body in the sky, he knew. He knew why Lars had referred to Azrah as ‘his flame that burned brightest in this world.’ 

The sky was filled with the roar of his mates' flames, and the shrill scream of the eagle that was consumed by them. Tae twisted quickly as she released them both, bearing down on her with his teeth and ending her suffering.

It took him a second, too long really to realize that Yoongi was no longer astride his back. He shifted his head down, fear consuming him whole as he watched his lifeless body plummet to the earth.

He roared once more, tucking his wings tight to him and diving. He dove hard and fast, yet he wasn’t gaining ground quickly enough. Yoongi was going to hit the mountain before he could reach him. He beat his wings twice, propelling him, he shifted at the last second extending his claw to grasp Yoongi in it gently. Then he pulled his closed paw to his chest, tucking his wings defensively as he smashed into the mountain side. He tumbled and bounced across its surface, trees snapping and breaking against him. The night sky sprayed with dirt and blood.

He lost Yoongi in the landing, panic filling him as he tried to right his dragon body. He wanted to shift but he couldn’t, not yet. He curved his head back to his hind leg, wrapping his teeth around the iron spear lodged deep into his thigh, pulling it painfully slowly from his flesh. He roared once more as he threw it away from him, shifting to be able to do the same with his shoulder, yet he couldn’t grip it.

“Here.” Namjoon’s voice called out, and he looked down to see him standing below him with his hands outstretched. 

Tae crouched, getting his shoulder closer to Namjoon’s height, and the large man wrapped his arms around it to begin to pull. There was a burst of shadow and from it stepped Jungkook, who ran to stand next to Namjoon and pull at what was lodged in Tae’s shoulder.

“Hobi-ah!” Jungkook growled loudly through the effort.

Hoseok turned from Seokjin, letting him support Jimin, to run quickly to their side and assist them. They began to move it, slowly, all of them yelling into the night as they pulled. Jungkook lifted himself, placing his feet against Tae’s broad chest, utilizing his legs in the effort and the spear came clear of him.

  He shifted quickly, wincing and grabbing his arm, his bone exposed to the night air. Namjoon had his hand on his shoulder, “We should treat that.”

 He hurriedly scanned the hillside before him, finding Yoongi’s still body in no time. He scrambled upwards, falling into the earth almost immediately as his leg wound hindered the way he intended to move. But he persisted, rising once more and sprinting forward, his own pain was meaningless to him.

“Yoon-ah!” He cried out, scooping him up into his arms, tears beginning to pour down his face as he appraised the hole in his body.

“Oh...Goddess…”

Namjoon breathed, squatting at Yoongi’s face, running his hands across his cool cheeks.

Tae sniffled, turning over his shoulder to stare pleadingly at Jimin who was leaned against Seokjin and hobbling their direction slowly.

“Jimin-ah!” He cried, his eyes growing blurry with tears as he felt Yoongi’s heartbeat slowing against him. But Jimin’s expression said more than words ever could, the fae was spent and there was nothing he could do.

“Please..” he whispered, tears rolling over his lips and into his mouth.

Jimin draped himself over his shoulders running his hands sweetly through his hair, his cheek pressed tightly to Tae’s.

“I’m sorry..I..I have nothing..” Jimin’s voice was cracking.

Tae shook his head back and forth, rocking with Yoongi in his arms. He pulled their faces together, pressing his lips to his temple.

“-please don’t go..don’t go Yoon...stay…”

He felt his soul shattering as more and more time came between his mate’s ragged heartbeats. He squeezed Yoongi tighter to him, maybe in the back of his ancient mind he hoped he could hold Yoongi tight enough he would be able to leave his body.

“Don’t leave me alone..” he choked out, an audible sob wrecking his existence in that moment.

‘You are never alone.’

Taehyung’s eyes shot up, his keen dragon eyes catching sight of her twisting limbs that pierced the sky on the mountain in the distance. He sniffled, wiping his face, and gently laying Yoongi down. He rose from Jimin’s embrace, stepping back from them the best he could with his wounded body.

“Tae-ah, what are you doing?” Jimin mumbled.

“Whatever I must.”

He shifted once more, his dragon form hitting the dirt roughly as his limbs were beginning to betray him. He pushed himself from the earth, hobbling over to scoop up Yoongi’s body gently in his mouth.

“Where are you going?! If you leave you’ll die my King!” Jimin called after him as he beat his wings as hard as he could to lift himself, the hole in his wing making flight difficult.

He let the words pour from him over the mountain as he left it behind him.

It did not take him long, but longer than he wanted, to reach the Great Tree that claimed the southern mountain as it’s perch. He shifted as he landed, curled up around Yoongi in a moss pocket between the roots. He leaned forward, Yoongi’s existence was barely there, quickly fading to a memory. He turned at the waist, peering over his shoulder up the hillside towards the base of the tree. He pushed from the moss bed, scooping Yoongi up and began to ascend.

It felt like he had been climbing for years, barely managing the two of them over the roots as his own body grew weak from blood loss. 

Yoongi’s final shallow breath left him as Tae crawled over the large gnarled root that cupped the mountain spring pool that he visited all those years ago. He grew frantic, tears rolling across his cheeks once more as he dragged them both into the water. There he laid, with Yoongi pressed against his chest, heaving for breath himself as he stared up at the night sky.

He ran his hand through Yoongi’s hair, “Please..” he breathed, “-help us..”

He laid there hoping, and praying with everything that he was. But as the water began to turn red from the life that flowed into he resigned himself to their final resting place.  

He felt his own life slipping from him now, and he closed his eyes, turning his face to press a soft kiss to Yoongi’s cooling lips. Death would claim him this time, and he was ready to go willingly with it’s cold embrace. The wind would come for him soon, to carry him home like it had his family, and part of him hoped it couldn't reach him in this tangle of roots. That way his body would forever lie here, intermingled with his other half.

“I love you Yoon-ah..” he breathed against his soft skin, the sound of the wind rising bringing more tears to his eyes.

“-in this life and the next.”

It was bright. Goddess it was bright, the back of his eyelids glowing gold. Yoongi blinked them open, till they finally adjusted to the golden sunset that hung heavily over him. He peered quizzically up at the deep green branches that pierced the sky above him. He’d seen these branches before, he rolled onto his side in the moss, his eyes taking in the sight of the massive root next to him. He’s seen all of this before, but instead of being covered in blood and death, everything was covered in moss and small wild flowers. 

He looked around him, spotting Tae still half submerged in the little pool that Yoongi lingered in. 

He crawled over to him, running his hands across his beautiful face, his eyes looking across him witnessing the love of his life broken once more. He started to sob as he hovered over him in the water.

“My dragon..wake up..” He whispered, his lips against his cheek.

Yoongi froze as a hand came from above him, the tips of the dainty fingers dyed a deep green black. He watched as the hand gently brushed the curls from Tae’s face, in the most loving and gentle way. He tilted his face away from Tae’s, meeting the soft gaze of the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen in his life. Green irises glowing and dancing with the golden sunlight that bathed them in that nook between the roots. Her long black curls playing with the wind almost like a dragon that dances with the breeze over a mountain, and for a moment Yoongi caught a likeness to his dragon that laid below him reflected in her.

‘He brought you home.’

She smiled, no words left her but all of her energy wrapped around him, soft and safe. She stood from her squatting position and climbed to the top of the root next to them, sitting down and staring out into the sunset.

Yoongi looked down at Tae, brushing his fingers across his cheekbone. Then he pushed himself from the moss, and slowly climbed up the root, crawling to be able to sit next to her.

He blinked once more, the land before him was unfamiliar to him. While it was similar to the kingdom he had known all his life, it was not the same, this world was wilder. More free, it’s large trees craving into the orange sky for miles around, heavy grey mists settled deep within them. 

Large birds flew overhead and he craned his face up to peer at them. Not recognizing them and their colorful plumage. The sounds all around him brought him back to the noises he had heard in his vision of the meadow the night he mate with Tae.

“Where am I?” he mumbled.

He turned to face her, and she smiled sweetly at him. He looked at all her markings that ran down the length of her arm.

“So I am dead..”

‘In a manner of speaking, yes..’

Yoongi hummed, turning to peer over his shoulder down at Tae.

“Why isn’t he moving?” The worry seeped into his voice.

‘Because he lingers still.’

“Are you his mother?” Yoongi looked directly at her, and she smiled as she fondly looked back at Tae’s from below them.

‘Yes...and no..’

She lifted a hand, new green roots forming under Tae’s body to wrap gently around him and pull his body from the water.

‘Did I birth his physical form? ..No.’

‘Did I pour my own life into him to bring him into existence? ’

She turned back to face Yoongi now

She leaned forward, tucking a strand softly behind Yoongi’s ear. 

‘Just as I pulled you from him.’

Yoongi’s eyes widened, “So you are our mother then..” he whispered with a smile.

‘In a manner of speaking..’

His face fell, a frown forming on his lips, “So what happens now?”

She leaned back away from him, her smile growing as she folded her hands across her lap.

‘Now you choose..’

He knitted his brow together, “Choose?”

She nodded, waving her hand over the root below them, smiling as flowers and moss spread below it,

‘You can choose to stay. Soon he will join you and you can spend the rest of time enjoying the rest you have more than earned together.’

She paused, looking back up at him curiously,

‘You can go back.’

“Go..back?” He pursed his lips confused, and she simply nodded.

He thought of his friends, how much more of their lives he had yet to witness. He thought of his kingdom, now it was in ruins and there was still so much yet to be done to rebuild. He thought of all those who still need them, who needed their Kings to guide them to peace.

He looked at her, determination blooming inside of him as she beamed with pride at him, her eyes crinkling at the edges just like Tae’s did when he smiled grandly.

‘You should know,’

her markings began to glow as she lifted her hand and placed it on his chest,

‘-You will be different my child.’

“Different? Wh-what?” He fumbled with words, unsure of what she meant.

Her eyes began to glow,

‘You’ve begun to remember my child.’

He felt heat rolling across him, the world around him was fading to black as her eyes began to glow white, “Remember what?” he breathed feeling light headed.

‘Who you truly are.’

Then everything was gone and Yoongi was falling into black, and yet he was not afraid, for she was right. 

"Breathe New Life" by Peter Gundry

Death was coming painfully slow to him. Never in his long lifetime did he think he’d be annoyed because he wasn’t dying fast enough, though that did seem very on point for him and his temper.

He peeked open his eyes, the grey light of dawn was starting to spread itself across the sky and he clenched his jaw, angry he had to see the light of day once more.

He heard the snapping of twigs and heavy footfalls, and honestly didn’t have the urge to defend himself. He rolled his head upward, his eyes widened to their max as he took in the sight before him.

The beast that approached was beyond breathtaking, a sight he had never seen before. It’s long green hued fur caught with silver edges in the light of the dawn that peaked the horizon and the moon that still hung in the sky opposite. Its body was broad and toned like a great mountain stage, with horns reaching high into the sky above it’s beautifully sculpted wolf face. It’s long canine tail swished elegantly behind it as it’s hooves sank into the moss with every step.

It’s eyes began to swirl with green light, and in that moment Tae recognized her.

He reached up, and she tilted her muzzle down to press it to his palm, and he could have sworn he saw a smile pull at her eyes. She pulled her face from his hand to run the soft parts of her face across Yoongi in his arms. She stood straight once more, gazing down at the pair of them before stepping over them and into the pool they lingered in.

He watched her, as her form dissipated into green light that filled the pool and glowed brightly around them. He looked down at his thigh that peaked up from the waters embrace, the light mending flesh as it had in his youth.

He turned his face to peer down at Yoongi, watching it pour across his wound, and he smiled as he cupped Yoongi’s face in his hand. The light subsided as Yoongi’s wound finally mended, and Tae took his time running his hand through his hair as he felt the warmth of his mate spreading like wildfire across his skin in his arms.

Yoongi blinked open his eyes, and Tae stilled for a moment, for they were different. Yoongi looked up at him with pale eyes, leaning forward to kiss Tae heatedly, and the difference was immediately forgotten as Yoongi climbed atop him to straddle him as they laid in the damp moss.

Yoongi pulled at his hair, tilting his face backwards to be able to deepen their kiss. Tae adjusted for him, running his hands across every part of him that he could. Yoongi stilled as the light of dawn broke over the top of the roots and bathed them in it’s glow. 

He sat up, looking at the sky above them with such admiration in his eyes that Tae was caught prisoner by how simply stunning Yoongi looked with his pale eyes painted with the pinks and blues of sunrise.

“Yoon-ah..” He exhaled, reaching up to caress his face.

Yoongi looked down at him, his eyes scrunching in the wake of the smile that washed over his whole being.

“Tae-ah..” He cooed down at him, his fingers running across Tae’s lips. He turned his face, peering up the hillside to the sky not yet as lit. He glanced back down at Tae, rolling his bottom lip to bite it as excitement poured over him.

He climbed from Tae, scurrying to the root and crawling up it, once he stood on top of it he turned back and extended a hand to Tae. Tae rose and hurriedly joined him, standing next to him, their fingers interlaced as they peered out over their kingdom. The eastern wind caught against the cliffs below and rushed wildly to the clouds high above them, their hair dancing in its wake.

Yoongi bit his lip, leaning forward and Tae tightened his grip, sure that the Goddess wouldn’t give them a third chance if Yoongi slipped. Yoongi turned to face him, pulling his hand free of Tae’s to run them across his face and neck heatedly once more. Yoongi stood on the tips of his toes to run his tongue deep into Tae’s mouth and Tae growled down at his mate, very close to scooping him up and taking him on the moss below them.

Yoongi pulled quickly from him, and before Tae could put together what was happening he leapt. Tae felt his chest tighten to the point of splitting as he watched Yoongi fall down the cliff side.

"Life" by Ludovico Einaudi

As much as he had loved free falling with Tae every time they had flown together. As much as he had loved pressing himself tightly to Tae’s dragon body and feeling the wind rush coldly past the pair of them intertwined.

Yoongi smiled as he fell, he was unafraid of the ground that was rapidly approaching. He squinted down at it, smirking as he tried to time everything like Tae had done. He felt them, the felt them as they rippled just below his skin, and they were longing to spread wide.

He closed his eyes, relaxing as he let out a long breath, giving himself over to their need. There was a flash of white light, paired with the sound of hardened armored skin against claws, and Yoongi opened his eyes once more.

He spread his wings wide, and they caught just as Tae’s had done, like giant sails in the wind. His dragon chest purred as he watched the pines below him bow for him this time.

His mate’s breathy voice washed over him and he looked upwards as he hovered there, admiring his obsidian form caught in the growing light of dawn as he spiraled playfully down to join him.

Yoongi turned his face, taking in the pale white of his scales, the length of his silver claws that curved from his feet. His heart smiled, feeling finally at home within his own skin. 

’ He called, beating his wings hard to join him in the clouds above him,

Tae nuzzled his face down the side of his neck as they rose into the clouds,

‘Yes, you did, didn’t you.’

Yoongi let his new eyes soak up every feature of the dragon that Tae was, seeing now that his scales were not just black as all the colors were caught in them and shimmered as they swam across him. He looked into Tae’s amber eyes, seeing such a depth within them he never knew eyes could possess, and he felt his chest tighten with love and with need.

Yoongi chorted a huff, playfully nudging Tae with his face before bending backwards and careening towards the earth below once more. He felt Tae’s joy radiate through him, and he could hear his mate diving behind him, gaining ground with every second.

He felt his soul giggle, and he brought his wings tight to his chest, reveling in the momentum his body gained as he spiraled down to the earth like a shooting star. He was filled with pride as he pulled away from Tae, until Tae boldly beat his wings and overtook him, nipping playfully at him as he passed. 

They banked at the last minute together, their wings spread wide and the forest bowing below them as they blazed past it. They kept low, spiraling around one another as they raced each other between mountains. 

Yoongi looked out to their left, and turned that direction, beating his wings as hard as he could into the golden sky to their east. He roared with joy as he heard the growl of the beast that flanked him. 

He felt such joy when he saw it once more, their castle in the sky. He circled down around it, picking a terrace up high to land on, shifting as he drew close. He rolled, definitely not sticking the landing and laughing as he slid across the stone on his back. 

He felt the rush of wind and heard Tae’s bare feet come against the stone. He jumped up quickly, spinning on him and closing the distance between them in seconds.

“Yoon-ah” Tae breathed against his mouth as he wrapped his lips around him. He jumped, wrapping his legs around Tae’s waist, and Tae caught him tightly. Yoongi’s hands were lost in the curls that framed Tae’s face, his tongue hungrily exploring every detail of Tae’s mouth as he moaned into it.

He pulled Tae’s face to the side, leaning forward to sink his fangs into Tae’s neck, breaking the skin of their mating mark once more. Tae moaned into his shoulder, deep and breathy, and Yoongi didn’t realize he was practically panting until he tried to moan himself and it came out as a breathy whine.

He felt Tae’s claws wrap around the top of his leather pants and they sat snug against his back, and in one swift movement his mate had freed him of them. He turned and walked them towards one of the columns that rose grandly above them, pressing Yoongi’s back into it’s carved stone face as he tore the remnants of leather from his legs.

“Tae-ah” He whined into his open mouth, his eyes watching Tae’s fangs extend as they both gasped for air, “I need you..” He arched his back, rolling himself into Tae’s hips.

Tae shifted his hands below him, growling as his eyes fell to Yoongi’s mark. Yoongi eagerly moved his head to the side, desperately wanting Tae to claim him once more. Tae slid himself quickly inside of Yoongi, then leaned forward and bit down hard into their marks on Yoongi’s throat. Yoongi rolled his head back against the column, crying out in pleasure at every sensation that washed over him.

He lifted his hands, burying them in Tae’s curls as he rocked his hips against Tae, lavishing in being filled by the man he loved with every ounce of who he was. 

Tae released him with a gasp, running his tongue sweetly across the new wounds on the mark as he moaned against his skin.

“Yo-Yoon-ah..” He growled, his hand tilting Yoongi’s face to be able to look into his eyes. “ You feel so good..” He groaned, his amber eyes growing more and more hooded by cashmere lashes by the second. 

Yoongi growled now, pulling himself tighter to his mate, Tae’s hands spread wide across his ass helping him maintain the passionate tempo his hips set for them. He closed his eyes, pressing their foreheads together as their moans increased in volume and frequency, the heated waves of orgasm starting to build rapidly inside him. 

“Ta-Tae..Tae-ah..” He chanted mindlessly, his thighs starting to tremble. Tae shifted them again, leaning Yoongi more heavily against the stone at his back so that he could take control as Yoongi was coming quickly undone around him. 

Tae moved hips in the most divine way, long, hard, deep strokes that were making all of the muscles in Yoongi’s body tighten blissfully. 

“Tae-ah!” He cried out, biting down on his lip, his whole body trembling as he felt Tae begin to throb inside of him.

“Do it,” Tae exhaled against his lips, “Let go my love.” He pulled Yoongi into a deep kiss, his tongue filling his mouth as Yoongi moaned loudly around it, the heat of orgasm rising dangerously close to spilling over. He was covered in goosebumps, he reveled in the sensation of Tae’s tongue flicking across the back of his throat.

Tae grabbed his hips, pulling him down roughly as he shifted to press his fangs to Yoongi’s mark once more. The sensation was all he needed, the waves of heat and pleasure consuming him whole under his mate’s skillful affections. He cried out loudly, a whining moan that almost echoed into the mountains around him. His orgasm only grew in power as Tae began to throb rapidly inside of him, filling him with heat.

“I love you.” He breathed, his body convulsing in Tae’s arms as he collapsed forward over him.

Tae ran his hand down his spine as they panted together, “I love you too.”

Yoongi smiled as he stretched his leg out behind them, Tae shifted his face to peer down with him at the bits of shredded leather that flapped in the breeze.

“Well,” he giggled, “You think we can find pants around here somewhere?”

Tae chuckled, “Pants are overrated.”

“Would you prefer we ruled in the nude my love?” Yoongi raised his eyebrows at him.

“Tae smiled wickedly back at him, “I don’t see a problem with that.

“Of Course you don’t.” Yoongi mumbled, kissing him as he rolled his hips forward.

Tae hummed, “Again?”

Yoongi nodded, “Again.”

Yoongi lingered draped over the edge of the spring, panting as he laid his face on his hands and Tae rolled away from him.

Tae leaned backwards over the stone edge of the bubbling pool, his neck red under new marks, his chest heaving as he tried to catch his breath.

“Do you think..” He exhaled, “-it will ever stop feeling this good?”

Yoongi adjusted the sterling silver broad necklace he wore around his collarbone, “Goddess I hope not..” He smirked as Tae chuckled loudly.

Yoongi chuckled too, raising a hand to set it in the water, letting it glow white hot to raise the temperature of the spring. Tae hummed in pleasure, and Yoongi smiled. He glanced to the stone floor just past where they laid, his eyes falling upon their crowns set next to one another.

“What time are they arriving?” Yoongi mumbled.

“If I kept that kind of knowledge in my mind, what do you think I need that wicked little Fae around for?” Tae smiled widely as he tilted his head back over his shoulders.

“For his wit and brutal assessment of your poor decisions..” Yoongi mumbled, smiling a shit eating grin as Tae rolled his head to the side to glare utterly unimpressed at him.

“Whose side are you on?” Tae flicked his eyebrows at him.

“The one that wins..” Yoongi shifted his face as he heard soft footfalls approaching, “Speak of the devil..”

“Devil indeed.” Tae muttered, smirking at the pale and beautiful man who they both had come to rely on so heavily during their reign.

“I’ll pretend I didn’t hear that.” Jimin said bluntly, and Yoongi snorted.

Yoongi rolled to face him, leaning his head against Tae’s shoulder as they bobbed together in the spring. Jimin stood looking very much like a mother who caught his kids playing instead of cleaning their rooms.

“Uh-oh,” Yoongi whispered, “I think we are in trouble.”

Tae laughed quietly, his amber eyes sparkling with love as he gazed up at Jimin.

“Might I remind you both,” Jimin began raising his eyebrows as he spoke, “That the deferral of power to a counsel of high lords was

idea and here you are moments before they are supposed to arrive rutting like animals.” He gestured vaguely to the puddle of post orgasm glow that was the pair of them.

Tae’s eyes flicked to the fang marks he could see peeking above Jimin’s kimono that was wrapped around his collarbone.

“Nice fang marks, Jimin-ah, did you get those making gentle love like the prince you are?” Tae muttered around a smirk.

Jimin pursed his lips as he crossed his arms, “How I chose to embrace the men I love is entirely my own business, and I always ensure my timing is better managed than the two of you!” He pointed admonishingly at them.

“That’s right,” Yoongi eyed him, choosing to pick his mate’s side today, “You prefer to sneak off into empty hallways in the night after a coronation ceremony..”

Tae smiled widely, lifting his chin as he appraised the recognition of defeat that poured itself over Jimin’s features as he suddenly grew very shy.

“It was one time..” He mumbled, rearranging his kimono.

“It was one loud time. You could clearly tell that you and that fox were.. How’d he say it, my love?” Yoongi turned his face slightly towards Tae, smiling wider as he watched Jimin blush.

“Rutting like animals.” Tae emphasized every syllable as he spoke, reveling in the heat of embarrassment Jimin was wiggling in.

“We had to have the band play louder and everything..” Yoongi giggled as Jimin huffed, exasperated with their teasing.

“Regardless,” Jimin spat, avoiding eye contact, “The Lords and Ladies you have invited will be arriving shortly and I would appreciate it if you were dressed and presentable when they do. I have run out of excuse to share with them as to why you arrive late, just shy of telling them you’re fucking.”

Tae and Yoongi rolled in laughter together and Jimin couldn’t help but smirk too. 

“Alright.” Tae sighed, making to sit up out of the water when a shuffle in the hall past their bath house caught his attention. They all three turned to watch as Jungkook shuffled past, his nose in the air, then spun to shuffle past once more huffing ferociously with his eyes closed.

“Jungkook-ahhh” Tae squinted his eyes as he drew out his name low and slow.

Jungkook forze immediately, clearly so lost in his thoughts he had no bearings on where he was. His whole body was rigid as his eyes popped open and he stared at the ceiling above him.

“You appear to be looking for something…” Tae’s voice started to be edged with a growl and Yoongi smiled as he watched Jungkook spin on his heel and wring his hands in front of him.

“I am not, I am most definitely not looking for anything.” Jungkook pulled his mouth tight, shaking his head, his eyes glancing at Jimin like he might help him with this situation. Jimin raised his eyebrows expectantly, drawing his index finger up to rest on his bottom lip as he watched Jungkook squirm with fond eyes.

“Oh?” Tae cooed, “Then tell me Jungkook-ah, where is the princess?”

Jungkook’s face drained of color as he stared expressionless back at Tae, “Oh..

“He lost her.” 

The young fox spirit leaned against the doorway, smirking with amusement as Jungkook shot daggers at him.

“Dante’s mistaken my lord, I did not lose her,” Jungkook growled, “She’s hiding, My son and I are playing hide and seek with her.”

“Jungkook-ahh..” Tae raised his eyebrows, the shadows starting to pool on the walls, “-did you lose my daughter?”

Jungkook bowed quickly, “No, Your Majesty. I will find her shortly.”

“That means you lost her.” Tae growled protectively.

Yoongi chuckled, running his hand over Tae’s chest, “Leave him be, my love. She’s in our home, surrounded by the most powerful men in this kingdom.

Yoongi pulled himself from the spring, wrapping a robe around him as he went. Tae turned and looked up at him.

“Yoon-ah, what if she falls, she’s not a dragonborn. She can’t fly if she does.” Tae mumbled through a pout up at him, worry creasing his brow.

Yoongi squatted, running his thumb across his brow, “She’s fine, my love.”

Yoongi rose and sauntered past Jimin, running his hand across him as he passed, “Please let Seokjin know I require him in my chambers.”

“He’s already waiting, Yoon-ah.” Jimin smiled at him, turning to talk with him from the bath house.

Jimin pointed at Dante, “You should be more respectful of your elders.” 

Dante straightened quickly, bowing rigidly, “Forgive me your majesty, I’m just a lowly fox spirit I forget myself.”

Jimin frowned, “You know, my mother was a Fox Spirit..”

Dante shifted his face to glance between Jimin and Jungkook. Jungkook just stood gazing at Jimin with pride and love as Dante’s face registered his disbelief.

Jimin smiled, trailing after Yoongi to still in front of Jungkook, he gently and lovingly rearranged Jungkook’s garments as they eyed each other flirtatiously. “Then one day she met a beautiful prince and became Queen Mother to all the Fae in this world.”

Jimin turned to Dante, “There is nothing about a fox spirit that is lowly.”

Yoongi patted Jungkook on the shoulder as he eyed him with a look of apology, “It’s okay Jungkook-ah. She’s as willful as her father though he’d hate to admit it.”

“I heard that!” Tae called from the mist filled room behind them.

He chuckled and turned from them, descending the stairs to the floor below them slowly. His hands trailing over the carvings of dragons once more, as he had done the night Tae had brought him here a decade ago. 

It had taken all this time, but finally they had reached a semblance of balance in this world. They worked hand in hand with Lords of Men and Magical beings alike to create laws that suit life as a whole. 

Now that their daughter, the blessed soul that Jimin’s magic had pulled from the two of them, had turned five, Yoongi had decided it was time. It was time for dragons to pass the mantle of responsibility and spread it wide across those who bore the wisdom and weight of positions of leadership within their kin.

He concluded long ago that the only way to ensure a lasting peace, once Tae and himself decided to journey home once more, and long after, was to build a world where all were responsible for it’s peace. Not just them.

Today was the day, they would be arriving soon, and Tae and Yoongi would set their crowns in the center of the round table never to bear their weight again. For in that room, on that counsel, there were no kings. Just wise minds dedicated to peace and balance, and the proliferation of the Goddess’s light and love across this land.

He paused, catching sight of little wiggling toes in the grass that grew high in the nest box that hung just the other side of the stairwell window.

“Yuki-ahh..” He cooed softly, but she didn’t respond and he smiled as he stepped forward.

He froze as he finally caught sight of the whole box.

“I swear,” He heard his mate grumbling as he stomped down the stairs behind him, “One day that fox and I are gonna have a go..”

Yoongi whispered as Tae stilled at his side, leaning forward to take in Yoongi’s frozen expression before turning to look out over the box.

he whispered, his eyebrows knitting together.

Yoongi smiled from ear to ear, lighting up with his entire being as he crawled into the box with his sleeping daughter. His beautiful dark curly haired and willful daughter, who had found and curled herself protectively around three eggs that lay nestled in the grass.

Yoongi ran one hand through her long curls, smiling down at her as she blinked her big sleepy green eyes back up at him.

“Papa,” She spoke softly, “Don’t be made with Kookie..” her eyes flicked to Tae.

“We aren’t mad dear,” Yoongi cooed at her, “but you did make us worry.”

She frowned, squeezing the eggs tightly, “I’m sorry..I just..I heard them...there was a hum in the halls and I had to find it..I had to find them..”

Yoongi smiled widely, recognition of what that felt like radiating through him like a familiar song. 

Yoongi turned his face, lifting his free hand to run it over the eggs that had grown warm under the sun, “What do we do with them?” His eyes grew wide, unsure of how he should tend to a dragonborn.

Tae crawled into the box as well, pulling Yoongi and Yuki into his lap before resting his hand with Yoongi’s on them, “We raise them, they are ours now.” 

Tae turned his face, pressing a kiss into Yoongi’s mating mark as Yuki leaned forward from his lap and ran her hands across the eggs alongside her fathers.

“I’ll teach them,” She began, excitement bubbling off of her, “I’ll teach them how to talk and how to dance like Uncle Jimin-ah taught me. I’ll teach them all the best hiding places and how to fight like Uncle Junnie.”

Yoongi leaned his head against Tae’s, happy tears forming in his eyes as he listened to her rambling.

“I’ll teach them how to hide from Uncle Hobi and how to be just sweet enough that Uncle Jinnie will let us out early from lessons.” She picked up the red one she lingered on the longest, cradling it so gently in her arms and swaying back and forth.

Yoongi pursed his lips, “I knew he was being too easy on her.” he mumbled to Tae.

“Which one of us here hasn’t been utterly under her command since she was born?” Tae whispered as he laughed quietly.

“That’s a fair point.” He kissed Tae’s cheek lightly, tears now kissing his own.

“-and one day..” She paused, resting her cheek against the ruby colored egg as she peered over her shoulder at both of them, “-maybe one day they’ll teach me how to fly.” she whispered.

Tae lifted his hand, running it across her face tenderly, “Maybe one day..” he cooed at her.

She smiled widely, squeezing the egg and closing her eyes, “I found you.” she whispered, kissing it softly.

Yoongi looked down at Tae, who was frowning, “She’s too young for love..” he mumbled darkly.

Yoongi chuckled, “Good luck stopping that now. You think anything would have kept us apart?”

Tae smiled widely, “Not even death itself.”

Yoongi leaned forward collecting his other two children in his lap as well, leaning back into Tae as they all laid in the grass cuddled, basking in the sun.

He closed his eyes, feeling his dragon purr with happiness within him.

“Not even death.”

Yoongi shifted nervously in his seat, his eyes flicking to the window in the dining hall that the eggs laid nestled in. He lifted his finger to his lips, chewing on them anxiously.

“Are you gonna fidget all night?” Seokjin mumbled next to him.

Yoongi sighed heavily, pinching his nose between his fingers, “I don’t like not having them where I can touch them.” he mumbled.

He heard Tae chuckle next to him, his mate ran his hands soothingly down his back, “They’ll be fine, Yoon-ah.”

“May I be excused?” Yuki called softly, a pout heavy in her voice.

Yoongi nodded and she sprang quickly from the table and rushed over to the window box, and Yoongi smiled as he watched her climb up into the box and gather them all up in her lap.

“What a joy it is,” Hakon spoke softly from his seat down the table, his eyes fondly lingering on the princess and the eggs she tended sweetly too, “-to live long enough to see the age of dragons return once more.”

Lord Park smiled widely next to him, reaching up to gently pat the back of the horse lord's hand,

“What joy indeed..”

“Can we be excused too!?” A little chorus of voices rang out and Seokjin eyed the liter of heathens that were his sons down the table from him, his mouth opened to admonish them when Namjoon spoke first.

“Yes.” He mumbled around a mouthful of food, and Seokjin’s mouth fell open as the pups squealed and poured chaotically from the table. All of them ran to stand behind the princess and peer curiously at the treasures she cradled.

“Their plates are barely touched..” Seokjin mumbled darkly.

“They are good pups.” Namjoon reached over and squeezed Soekjin’s hand, “They’ll eat when they are hungry, love.”

“Goddess save me from your stubbornness.” Seokjin sighed with a smile forming on his lips.

“You knew what you chose.” Namjoon winked at him, shoving more food in his mouth.

“Did I ever have a choice?” Seokjin was smiling now as Namjoon rolled his eyes back in thought, humming as he ran his hand across his chin.

“No.” he leaned forward kissing Seokjin’s cheek.

“How do you do it?” Yoongi mumbled, eyeing their four boys as they bounced eagerly in front of his daughter as she introduced them one by one to the eggs. Her hands lingering the longest on the ruby one once more.

“Prayers mostly.” Seokjin exclaimed, reaching for the honey mead as Namjoon heartily laughed next to him.

“You love our little pack and you know it.” Namjoon eyed him playfully.

“Oh love and patience are drawn from two different wells my handsome husband.” He smiled and licked his lips as he emptied his cup and peered with a growing attitude back at Namjoon.

“So..” Namjoon leaned forward, a shit eating grin spreading across his face, “What I’m hearing is..you want more pups?”

Seokjin pushed him away, laughing, “Oh fuck off, Joon-ah!”

The sound of the great oak door sliding closed caught Yoongi’s attention and glanced over to see Jimin and Hoseok shuffling back into the dinning all after their particularly long excursion to unearth another few bottles of mead. Jimin discreetly rearranging his kimono with a smirk pulling at his lips as he eyed Yoongi and Tae in a way that said

‘don’t say a fucking word.’ 

Tae chuckled darkly next to him, “Hypocrite.” he smirked as Jimin took on an expression of innocence and sat next to him.

“I’m afraid I do not understand what you're referring to Tae-ah.” He spoke matter of factly as he laid his napkin back into his lap.

“Uh-huh,” Tae rolled his tongue across his lips, “Where’s the mead Jimin-ah?”

Jimin’s eyes widened as he blushed, clearly an expression that reflected the panic at the realization that they had returned empty handed and slightly disheveled. Jimin looked down at the table, then back at Tae, “There was none.”

“There was none?”

“Not a single bottle.” Jimin blinked tightly at him, and Tae hummed, starting to chuckle.

Yoongi watched Hoseok drape himself lovingly over the shoulders of their adopted sons as Jungkook piled on more meat to each of their plates. Dante smiled widely at Jungkook before both the foxes started greedily stuffing their faces. Yoongi started to snicker as their adopted fae boy looked at the pair of them with the same look of slight disgust as Jimin while they watched them stuff piles of meat into their mouths.

Jimin grabbed up extra napkins and held them in front of his fae son, “Sven dear, will you pass these to those two heathens please.”

“Yes, Father.” He took them, passing one sweetly to Jungkook and smacking the back of Dante’s head with the other and Jimin had to bite his lips to not snort at the pair of them as they hummed curiously at Sven in unison.

Sven leaned forward as he began to heatedly whisper at them, “Every King and Queen in this kingdom is sitting at this table, would the pair of you find your manners,

Hoseok straightened, lightly smacking the back of Jungkook’s scalp with a smile on his face, “Yea, Kook.”

Jimin turned away from the scene, his hand over his mouth as he tried not to laugh at this boy who was so very much like him. 

‘Sorry.” They both mumbled in tandem around their food.

“For Goddess sake, don’t speak with your mouths full!” Sven hissed.

Yoongi found himself laughing hard with his friends as Jimin knitted his eyebrows tightly together in the silent agony of his laughter, mouthing the words ‘help me’ as he laid over the table.

Yoongi and Tae rose too quickly at the sound of her voice, Tae’s chair tumbling behind him as Yoongi pushed passed and rushed towards the window.

“What is it baby!?” Yoongi ran his hands across her looking for anything that might be wrong, before checking over the eggs.

“Look..” She whispered, holding the ruby eggs so sweetly to her chest, it’s shell starting to crumble as the life that moved inside pushed against it to break free.

“She’s coming..” Yuki cooed, reaching up to peel the shell aside for the garnet colored newborn that curled shyly inside.

“Don’t be afraid,” Yuki spoke soft and sweet, and Yoongi curled behind her to peer over her shoulder at their new family member, “I’m here, I won’t let anything ever hurt you.”

He smiled, hearing his own ferocious nature reflected in his child's voice. He rested his head on her shoulder, swaying from side to side as the ruby beauty tumbled from it’s confines and curled sweetly in his daughter's waiting hands.

“Yuki-ah?” He whispered as Tae squatted next to them in between the curious wolf faces that peered up at the little creature, “What’s her name?”

Yuki smiled, “Alma..”

Tae reached forward, running his fingers across her scales, “Hello Alma, I’m your Papa now.”

Yuki beamed at him, and He leaned forward to kiss her forehead. 

He looked past her into Yoongi’s waiting eyes, all the love they have ever felt for one another across the expanse of time since they were split from one another radiating between them and Yoongi felt the air of the room grow warm around them once more.

They heard crunches next to them, and they both turned to glance at the other two eggs as they began to shake. Yoongi smiled leaning forward to pull the shell from them, lifting them one by one up against his chest.

“My beautiful babies..” he cooed, and he felt Tae’s lips against his cheek.

“Our beautiful babies.”

Yoongi smiled and closed his eyes, so very happy in that moment, treasuring the sensation of his children in his lap.

“My love,” Tae breathed next to his ear, “You are glowing..”

Yoongi opened his eyes, and Tae was right, he was glowing. The room around them danced with shadows that played in the white light he exuded. He loosened his arms as Yuki shifted in his lap, standing as she turned to face him. Her green eyes grew wide, a light like her fathers starting to swirl in them. Yoongi smiled as she leaned forward and placed her tiny hands to his cheeks, his white flames dancing down her arms as she watched on in awe.

“Papa, you are so pretty.” She smiled, her fingers playing in his light.

“So are you my sweet.” He pulled her against him, and she giggled loudly as he peppered her with kisses. Their new babies were dancing and tumbling in the grass around them.

Yoongi gazed out over the mountain, “Yuki?”

She hummed sweetly, reaching up past Yoongi to play with Tae’s curls.

“How would you like to fly with your papas?” He smiled down into her wide eyed excitement.

“Really?” She breathed.

He smiled even wider, standing up in the box as he slid her onto his back, “Hold on tight.”

He heard Tae growl behind him, “Don’t you lose my babies again Kook.”

He laughed as he began to shift, and thought to himself for just a moment, why he had been foolish enough to believe he would only ever know sadness in this life all those years ago. Though he was thankful for that sadness, it made him treasure all that was his now, and it was that sadness that drove him from his castle in search of what his soul knew he was missing.

 Ten years ago he set out into this mountain a broken and lost man.

Now he soared over them, his white wings bathed in moonlight, his soul secure in the knowledge of who he truly was. His daughter giggling as she held tight to his horns, his mate playfully spiraling around the pair of them as the pines waved below them.

He let his dragon eyes linger on the beautiful black dragon by his side. Words would never be able to express the love he felt for the soul burned within him. 

His mate. His love. His dragon.

For he truly had been saved by the Lord of Shadow and Ash the day he floated into that dark cave, and because of him, Yoongi now burned the brightest he ever had in his entire life.

