
    Chapter Text
    
  Burlington County, New Jersey, US

  Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst

  Fort Dix Federal Correctional Institution

  Night
 Fort Dix, also known as FCI Fort Dix, was the largest single federal prison in the United States, boasting over four thousand offending male inmates. Registered as a low-security federal institution with a minimum security satellite camp, inmates enjoyed a dormitory style housing, with no bars or towers to oversee their 12-person pods.Their cells, if you could call them that, also had no locks and other than making sure to be in their assigned beds at lights out, most prisoners had free reign of the compound. Most civilians had never heard of Fort Dix, though many knew of the famous prisoners that called the place home. In 1995, drug trafficker George Jung arrived at Fort Dix, having been sentenced to 19 years for directing shipments of cocaine into the US during the 1970s and 1980s. Jung would be a household name in the early 2000s after actor Johnny Depp portrayed him in the movie  Blow.A more recent name to arrive was that of Martin Shkreli, the “most hated man in America”, as people would call him. Shkreli was instrumental for the price gouging of the AIDS medication Daraprim, making it nearly impossible for patients to acquire the pills.These were true lowlifes, degenerates who only thought of themselves and went out of their way to get what they wanted at the expense of others.It made Tyler Hayward sick to his stomach.He was a former major and chief warrant officer in the Army before being selected to join the Sentient World Observation and Response Division or S.W.O.R.D in 2011. The world was a strange place then – the thought of aliens on other planets or aliens living on their very planet was something writers came up with for comic books, TV shows, and movies.But within a year, that would all change. The Norse God Thor arrived, bringing along his clearly unstable and highly manipulative brother, Loki, who then proceeded to try and take over the world. Chitauri, they were called, monstrous beasts who planned to kill every person on Earth if the mischievous trickster had his way.But the Avengers… The Avengers …had saved the day. At least, that’s what they wanted the public to think and believe. It was only a matter of time, literally a year, when the Battle of Greenwich occurred, right at the heart of the Old Royal Naval College in London. It was downhill after that – Ultron, the Battle of Sokovia, Lagos…And at the center of it all, were the Avengers or members of the Avengers.Thor.Stark.Maximoff.The last of those names filled Hayward with fire and disgust, his hazel eyes blazing in a near identical way to the red haired demon he despised. Wanda Maximoff was the reason he was sitting in a low security federal prison in the first place, despite all he had done to try and remove a global threat from the picture.And this was the thanks he got.That was the inherent problem with The Blip, the returning of people who had been taken during The Snap by Thanos. Five years had come and gone, with the world trying to go back to the normalcy that had been standard before the 'Mad Titan' had walked their grounds.Hayward had been a family man, somewhat; his wife was considering leaving him, though they seemed to be trying to work things out, if just to keep their children with two parents and not the blended family most of their friends had.He had been working with S.W.O.R.D at that time, when it was still under Maria Rambeau, when reports came in about mysterious objects coming within Earth's atmosphere. At the time, the organization was all about watching the skies and hoping to meet more friendly aliens, like the Skrulls, but there was some doubt.While Rambeau was a respected leader and former Air Force captain, there were questions from some of the younger members about the possibility of more hostile aliens, like the ones that had attacked New York years earlier. Rambeau didn't want to hear about the negatives; she wanted to look at the positives of alien life.It was funny then, that her alien friends weren't there for the captain when the cancer struck. Hayward had been placed as acting director, taking the mantle that her daughter Monica would've had if she wasn't ensuring that her mother got the care she needed.But then Thanos and his forces arrived…The first place they attacked was New York because of course they would. New York was home to Tony Stark and his Avengers, their fame having not only crossed the globe, but the different worlds that lived out in space. When the Avengers weren't destroying cities on their own, they were courting danger in the form of invaders bent on taking out the team.Monica Rambeau wanted to blame his actions on The Snap, believing his family returned during The Blip. But that's not what happened. Hayward's family hadn't been snapped.They had been killed when their car had been hit by another, when that driver had been snapped. That was just the start of a five car pile up that would see Hayward lose his entire family in one swoop.The Avengers had been nowhere to be seen.It would come out later that the entire team had been elsewhere - Iron Man and the boy spider had been on the planet of Titan, while Captain America had led the rest in the fight in Wakanda. Not one Avenger had been on the east coast, not one Avenger had even been on Earth proper to prevent the chaos that occurred in the aftermath.And for five years, the Avengers had been quiet, their members either scattered or snapped and no word on when or where they would return.In those five years, Tyler Hayward had kept the organization of S.W.O.R.D together. Aliens didn't just come from the skies and while the incident that brought Nick Fury into the scene and began the formation of S.H.I.E.L.D, intergalactic invaders didn't just visit Earth.That was until Tony Stark announced he was Iron Man.Stark's proclamation started a dangerous path for conquerors to take a chance against Earth's mightiest heroes. Hayward and others knew the Battle of New York was just the start and they had been proven correct. As Maria Rambeau languished in a hospital bed and her daughter snapped, Hayward was the de facto leader of S.W.O.R.D.In that time, the acting director completely revamped the organization - no longer would they idly sit by and wait for 'friendly' aliens to drop in; S.W.O.R.D would now monitor the skies for hostile aliens.But that's not all they would monitor.From the moment he was introduced, The Vision had been a troublesome entity for government officials. Stark and Captain America had been adamant that Vision presented no harm and was a proud member of the Avengers team. However, the walking AI was also a byproduct of Ultron, the AI that Stark had created to be a barrier against the alien threats that the team encountered daily.Secretary Thaddeus Ross had brought up a very important part during the drafting of the Sokovia Accords - as a sentient machine AI, Vision was a potential threat to national security. In fact, it had come to light that Stark's own AI had previously been used to interact with national databases and had a disturbing claim over the Internet.As an upgrade to that same AI and the version of Ultron, The Vision could potentially turn evil or could be taken over and used for evil. That was the main reason there was an entire section inked forbidding the creation of sentient AI weaponry.But The Vision was useful and could be used in the favor of the government, something Hayward knew would be incredibly beneficial. The very idea that a sentient weapon could have a living will that would forbid reactivation was laughable, in fact the former director had done exactly that when met with resistance from some members of his team.The Vision was government property, as outlined in the Sokovia Accords. Though many of the details of the Accords had been revised, the paragraphs going over AI creation hadn't been touched, maybe even looked at.Why bother when most of the important things dealt with actual humans and aliens passing themselves off as such?Not that it mattered in the end. Everything Tyler had tried to do, had tried to prevent, happened anyway; he hadn't been able to stop Wanda Maximoff and now, not only was she on the loose to try and take over another town, The Vision was out there with her.And he was in here.To be honest, he had been surprised by the verdict and by the trial as a whole. Why was he being tried for doing the right thing? Maximoff had taken an entire town hostage and he had tried to stop her, but yet  he  was the one on trial??His lawyers had even brought in a few of the Westview citizens that were more than willing to testify, giving their traumatic accounts of being submitted to horrific nightmares and having been made to act out Maximoff's sitcom fantasy. But what was that in the face of three unruly members of a rogue team?The judge heard the accounts of Woo, Lewis, and Rambeau, taking their word over his - his! - and sentenced him to three years. It wasn't as bad as his lawyers thought, but it was still three years. Three years where anything could happen, three years where S.W.O.R.D would be under the leadership of some idealistic runt who was probably working with her alien friends to gain the upper hand on the world.Three years.It took less than that for the Avengers to damage most of New York and destroy Sokovia. It was a waste.A god damn waste.Tyler Hayward would not let that happen. Not on his watch.  Night time in a federal penitentiary was as normal as it could get. The guards went around, bed checking each inmate and making sure everyone was in the right place, at the right time. On most nights, this procedure went like clockwork; bedtime was 9pm sharp.That meant inmates needed to be at their designated bunk for inspection and getting ready for bed. On holidays, that time was extended to 10pm, allowing for extra time for enjoyment of the facility's activities. Many enjoyed watching TV in the common room, playing cards or table tennis…Hayward didn't enjoy any of that. In fact, in the eight months he had been there, he had never once partaken in any activity. He also didn't hang out with any of the other prisoners, preferring to stay to himself, even eating alone at a single table near the rear of the dinning hall.After a few weeks, most inmates knew not to pester him, finding his demeanor off putting or stuck up, but the former director didn't care. He didn't belong in this place and these simpletons had no idea the calamity that awaited them without his leadership to protect them.The few visitors he got - which were mainly the two agents who were still loyal to him - understood the dire straits that were happening in the world. Rambeau, who had been MIA for at least two months after his trial, had suddenly returned to make sweeping changes to the agency, the first being changing the name back to its original form.And while she was redecorating, Wanda Maximoff and her puppet husband The Vision were laying waste to their other facilities, bringing along the fugitive Hawkeye for backup. As far as they knew, Hawkeye had supposedly retired, but only after he had gone on a murderous rampage after The Snap.Funny  he  hadn't been taken into court by the masses.Both Monti and Rodriguez had been literal beacons of hope, telling him everything that was happening inside and out while he sat in prison.And tonight, they would be his beacons of light.Visiting hours at Fort Dix ended at precisely 3pm, everyday, regardless of holiday or weekend. Tonight was Tuesday and Hayward had seen Agent Monti earlier, around two hours before the end of visitation. Their conversation had been brief, but incredibly helpful when it came to what they were planning.Tyler was a smart man, one not prone to flights of fancy or spontaneous movements. Everything he did was down to the letter and he always had a backup plan in case plan A or B or C failed. Plan A was a bit risky, but easily handled, plan B was far more unpredictable, but if plan A worked, plan B could be given his full attention.Speaking of Plan A…Lights out was called right around 9:15, after the guards had verified that everyone was where they needed to be. Hayward got into his bunk and laid down, his eyes staring up at the wooden planks above him. There was a clock on the far wall to his right and his eyes shifted to view the time before returning to their previous watch.His thoughts were calm, calculated, each of the plans he had set forth rolling in his mind as he tweaked and refined each, branching off in different ways. Contingencies, backups, fail safes, escape routes in case something didn't go the way it should.He lay there, listening to others quiet down, some already drifting off and snoring, a few casually speaking and one person quietly singing to themselves. Animals, all of them; degenerates helping to plague society without a care in the world, while he…He quieted the resentment and anger, letting his eyes stray back to the clock. 9:26. Hayward made his move. Sliding out of bed, he stood and began walking towards the guard station. Unlike a state prison, there was only a desk and behind it, a single guard that usually was reading or playing games on their phone.This guard was slightly younger than Hayward himself, by about ten years, with sandy blonde hair and brown eyes which rose to meet the inmate's as he approached. As planned, the guard nodded, awaiting Hayward's reason for being up nearly fifteen minutes after lying down."I need to go to the restroom," the gray haired man requested, his voice steady and normal in tone, not loud but not quiet enough to give some peace to his fellow prisoners.The guard nodded again, standing and looking to his left. A second guard was coming down the walkway, doing a quick and final check before settling in for a nightly walkabout. "Hey Jerry," the first guard spoke. "Cover for me while I take this guy to the can, will ya? Shouldn't take too long."The aforementioned Jerry frowned in annoyance, clearly not excited about having to miss his nightly smoke break. Heaving a put upon sigh, he muttered, "Fine. But hurry your ass up. I'm supposed to be patrolling the grounds in five minutes.""Untwist your panties," the first guard huffed. "You can go five, ten minutes without a smoke. You'll live longer if you do, you know."Jerry rolled his eyes, a muttered "freakin' millennials" under his breath being the last thing either said to each other.The first guard, Owens from the name tag on his shirt pocket, led the former director down the lit hallway, towards the communal bathroom. No words were spoken between the two, a common occurrence when it came to Hayward. Once they reached the door to the restroom, both men stopped and turned to look at each other."Thank you for doing this," Hayward replied, nodding at Owens."Of course, sir," the guard said, returning the nod and gesturing towards the restroom door. "Everything you need is through there. Wait for about five minutes, the window should open and you should be able to get out."Tyler grinned at the younger man, nodding again before opening the wooden door and walking through. The prison bathroom was much larger in a federal environment than a state one and better maintained. On one side of the room were individual showers, with shower curtains, while the other held a combination of urinals and stalls.A wide counter held around five sinks and it was here Tyler found a set of clothing - a pair of dark blue pants, a black collared polo shirt, and a pair of black dress shoes. The restroom, as arranged, was completely empty save for Hayward, who quickly discarded his prison khaki uniform for the clothing on the sink.He had just tied his left shoe when he heard the signal on the window outside. Quickly throwing the prison uniform in the nearby trash can, the gray haired man rushed to the window, throwing it open, and slipping through. Agent Monti caught the man as dropped to the ground, keeping him from falling over."Alright, sir?" he asked, steadying the former director.Hayward nodded. "We can't stay here," he whispered. "Tell me you have an escape route.""Of course," the agent grinned, taking a step back. "Rodriguez is waiting for us in the car. This way."Monti led his superior down the side of the building until they reached a side lot, where a black sedan waited. No further words were exchanged as the men rushed to the car - Monti to the passenger side, Hayward in the back - before Rodriguez made a hasty retreat.Hayward didn't know where they were headed, but he trusted these two; they were his top agents and apparently the ones most loyal to him. The ride was fairly quiet, but he did ask questions - mostly directed at where Maximoff and the outlaw Vision were now."Unknown, sir," the female agent began, her eyes briefly meeting his in the rear view mirror. "We weren't tracking Maximoff, but we did try to get a location lock on Project Cataract.""And?""No dice," Monti spoke up. "We lost track of both of them until they showed up in Winooski, making a mess of the personnel and building down there."Hayward seethed in his seat. While he sat in some low point facility, two terrorists were allowed to roam the streets, causing even more mayhem and madness than they did when they were Avengers. "What about Westview?" he hissed."Actually," Rodriguez replied, trading a look with her passenger. "That's what we wanted to tell you."Hayward raised an eyebrow, expecting some sort of explanation that didn't come for another twenty minutes until they were in the middle of land, right off Hope Chapel Road in nearby Lakehurst. There were about three tents set up, smaller than the ones they had used when in Westview and clearly done with having their former director involved."As you can see," Monti began as the car approached the encampment. "A couple of us…'disagree' with the new direction that Rambeau wants to impart. Her association with Maximoff and The Vision shows she's clearly compromised.""That doesn't even cover her love of aliens," Rodriguez muttered. "Basically, sir, we're behind you and think there's something more going on with the two of them.""We set up this location in the hopes we'd have a closed area to work on operations," said Monti. "While still keeping a close lock on Maximoff and Westview.""Anything yet?"Rodriguez pulled up next to one tent, getting out of the car followed by Monti and Hayward. "We've kept our eye on Westview since Maximoff and The Vision fled, but we had agents stake out the house nearby."As the trio walked through the tent, the Latina led both men to a table laid out with various computer equipment. "Which house?" Hayward asked, viewing the neighborhood map of Sherwood Drive."The one inhabited by the woman known as Agnes," Rodriguez replied, pulling up the incomplete file on the resident. "She was last seen encountering Maximoff and The Vision before the two left. We've had agents monitoring her house in case she was in league with the two.""Report, then," Hayward demanded. "What do we know about her?""She was a part of the Anomaly from the very beginning, sir," Monti said. "There were thoughts that she may have been in cahoots with Maximoff until the moment we moved in. It was pretty clear she opposed the woman. However, her movements since we cleared the town have been...sporadic.""How so?" questioned the director."She spent weeks apparently inside," Rodriguez piped up. "And then there would be a few days where we hadn't seen her leave, but it was obvious she wasn't on the property. But that did give us the opportunity to get into the house.""Agents Grace, Spooner, and Thorndike were able to infiltrate," Monti continued. Clicking a few keys on the computer before them, the agent brought up video footage of the inside of 'Agnes' house, showing the living room, the dining room, and bedroom area."There wasn't much inside," Monti stated, clicking through the video feed. "They weren't able to go down into the basement, Spooner reporting that there may have been something down there.""So nothing of interest then," Hayward spat. Just when it seemed he would finally get the upper hand on these so-called superheroes, they always had something up their sleeves."Actually, they did get something," Rodriguez stated, gesturing further down the table to a large book that sat at the edge. "This book was found in the upstairs bedroom by the bedside table. We've opened it, but it just seems to be blank."Hayward stared at the book.And continued to stare. That book…Rodriguez had said none of them could read it, but the title was engraved so clearly on the front...it...called to him. It was a strange thing for him to think or even believe, but he was literally drawn to the book. His hand seemed to move without his control and before he was even aware of it, he was opening it, glancing at the pages.The pages were blank, they said, but he could see writing as clear as day. It was written in an incomprehensible language, but almost as though a switch was turned on, Tyler's brain easily translated.The words were strange, almost as though he was reading old English or some other form of ancient text, but while it was oddly scripted, the sentences were starting to make sense. They were flowing into his mind, giving him a glimpse of all he could accomplish.He wanted to see Maximoff pay for her crimes?The book could help him do that.He wanted his experiment back?The book would bring the being back.He wanted his life back, his position...his family?The book could do that and more."Sir?""I think we found the answer to our problems," Hayward murmured, fingers flipping through pages, more and more words appearing before him. "Yeah...this is going to help a lot."
  
    Chapter Text
    
    
   
  Leonia, New Jersey, US

  140 Hillcrest Ave 

  Home of Mr. and Mrs. Victor Shade

  Day
 Leonia, New Jersey was a quiet, family friendly town that had miraculously rebounded itself in the five year gap of Thanos' snap. The city itself was just modern enough to have major business corporations, but also quaint enough to still embody small town neighborly camaraderie.It was in Leonia that Victor Shade and his young bride, Miss Penelope Montague, had settled shortly after everyone's return to society. Unlike many cities, Leonia had embraced the 'new normal', which helped to keep the town afloat and maintained. For the young couple, the town offered a haven each had been searching for in a shortened career.For behind closed doors, the truth was stranger than fiction.Victor Shade and Penelope Montague were in reality The Vision and the Scarlet Witch, Wanda Maximoff.The residence they currently shared was initially the first property Vision had looked at, before finding a vacant lot in the adjacent city of Westview. Unfortunately, the synthezoid's wish for happiness had been thwarted by the Mad Titan, resulting in his death.The terrifying aftermath saw his lover try to bury her grief - first in trying to retrieve his stolen body from the government agency known as S.W.O.R.D and then by viewing the lot he had planned to surprise her with. He had wanted to start a life together, but standing in the middle of that vacant spot, surrounded by crumbling structures, boarded up businesses, and the overwhelming despair from the inhabitants, the red head gave in to her own trauma and pain.What transpired was a powerful show of what Wanda Maximoff was capable of.Unfortunately, she had done it unconsciously and had taken the residents of Westview along for the ride.Almost a year later, her name was spoken with contempt in the town and one of the reasons why both she and Vision had come to their current one. It wasn't a complete loss, however - after fleeing Westview, Wanda and Vision had gone their separate ways, both trying to understand who they were in a post-Thanos world.Wanda went first into seclusion and then to being under the tutelage of the Sorcerer Supreme himself, Doctor Stephen Strange, while Vision went to discover how much of himself he still retained after the tampering of S.W.O.R.D. It would be a little over six months before they would see each other again, but the time apart was not only helpful for them individually, but as a couple.The events of Westview hadn't ended with just them fleeing the city; the ancient witch Agatha Harkness had been a foul presence there, posing as one of the residents, and all for the purpose of taking Wanda's powers for her own. The effort failed, but not before Harkness was able to make off with the Maximoff twins, Tommy and Billy.It was just coincidence that these two paths would lead back to the New York Sanctum Sanctorum, where ancient witch met modern witch and her synthezoid husband. It was under the annoyed purview of Strange that Harkness admitted to losing the Darkhold, an ancient and forbidden tome of evil, and the very thing that held the souls of Tommy and Billy Maximoff.The three magic users than stumbled upon a troubling aspect - one of the magical rooms within the Sanctum, a dimensional portal to be exact, had somehow lost its ability to utilize magic. This was on top of an investigation Strange, Wanda, and Strange's colleague Wong were doing in regards to magical artifacts randomly appearing before suddenly disappearing.Vision, who had been on his  own  investigation with Col. James Rhodes, had revealed that bits and pieces of Tony Stark's technology had been stolen and was now being sold on the black market. It was the red being's assessment that the missing artifacts and the missing tech were tied together.That was a worrying situation, especially with the Darkhold missing, as it meant that these dangerous magical items could be in the hands of  anyone. And heaven help them if those people also had Stark technology in their arsenal.This little misadventure had only happened a mere week ago, with both Strange and Harkness promising the couple their efforts in locating the book, while Vision and Wanda went back to their own quest - finding out more on Project Cataract.The synthezoid had already taken valuable files from a raid on a nearby S.W.O.R.D compound and though hesitant on its contents, both he and Wanda took the chance to go over what he found. Sadly, it amounted to very little, or at least very little that Vision could derive from his own command of his internal systems.Had this happened  before  his death, he would've had no issues being able to disassemble the information that was secured and password protected.However, given the many reprogrammed parts and rearrangement of his very code, the idea of allowing the rogue agency anymore access to his person stroked both fire and fear within him.But, as they say, not all was lost.The closest and easiest option was to utilize the AI that had become the new sentient informational hub in the absence of J.A.R.V.I.S. And it just so happened that the Maximoffs had been invited to the very building where she resided.While at the Sanctum Sanctorum, Wanda had received a call from former teammate Sam Wilson, the previous Avenger known as The Falcon and now the current Captain America. The Avengers Compound, which had been a place of training and a home for many of the team themselves, had recently been rebuilt after its destruction by Thanos and his troops.Sam hadn't gone into details, other than he wanted to see the young woman and invited her to lunch. The captain had also mentioned that Col. Rhodes would also be in attendance, apparently for reasons that involved his investigation into black market handling of Stark technology. Only Rhodey was aware that Vision had returned from the virtual dead and Wanda had only offered a statement to Sam that she and 'someone' would be there.And that, good readers, leads us to this moment.Wanda sat in the driver's side of the couple's maroon 2022 Buick Enclave, while Vision finished up packing their belongings in the back. "Why did we even packing?" she asked from the front, turning to watch the human form of her husband through the open back door.Vision gave her a look and a grin before closing the back. It took another minute before he was sliding into the passenger seat and quickly strapping himself in. "Why pack, you say?""Vizh," she chuckled. "We can both fly and I can open portals. Why do you always insist on packing?""Because, darling wife," the synthezoid began. "Firstly, it's always a good policy - in our line of work, as they say - to have an extra set of clothing. One never knows if they'll be in an accident or have an article torn or...eaten by a demon. You know.""Right.""Secondly," he continued. "Sometimes you just want to enjoy being in a nice clean pair of clothes."Wanda gave him a look, which he was happy to return. "You did pack appropriate clothing for me, right?"The blonde pulled back, scandalized. "Wanda!" he cried, causing her to giggle. "What kind of husband do you take me for? Of course I packed appropriate attire for you." He waited a beat before grinning and saying, "Oh, you mean to wear outside of our bedroom? I mean...you look fantastic now…"Wanda gave his shoulder a slight smack, laughing when he captured her hand in his. He kissed her knuckles, gazing at her in a love struck fashion. Their lives, in this moment, had been everything they had both wanted and when they could look into each other's eyes, the journey to reach here - no matter how hard, how lengthy, or how tragic - was almost worth it.In a perfect world or multiverse, Vision wouldn't have died and the two would've fled from Edinburgh to some unknown and hidden island. In another universe, Vision wouldn't have been taken and experimented on; he would've been left to his demise and given the funeral his wife had been desperate to give him.She would've grieved, but Wanda Maximoff had always proven to be stronger than she thought she was, more resilient to overcome the tragedy of her life thus far."It's supposed to be sunny, but you know New York," he whispered. "I made sure to include light and comfortable wear, along with a sweater or two. Mine, of course.""My perfect husband," she cooed, leaning over to meet his lips as he came closer. As they parted, Vision looked at his wife strangely. Wanda's telepathic abilities had always been strong, but after being a victim of the Snap, her powers overall had seemingly grown and when she confronted Thanos for his treachery, her emotions only amplified them a thousand fold.Though she could manipulate thoughts through others, she had never been able to converse through that telepathy, not even with her twin brother. But after Westview and after their own paths of self discovery, that opportunity had opened itself between the couple.While the ability had always been a joke between their teammates when discussing the two's attraction to each other, their connection to the Mind Stone was a clear viable theory and clear reason for this to happen.Only...this was a recent development.That was the oddity of it all - after being...reprogrammed by S.W.O.R.D, Vision's connection to the Infinity Stone was all but lost.Or was it?He and Wanda often discussed their connection to the Mind Stone, how one of them was able to be imbued with those powers and the other made complete by the stone itself. It was something that had brought them together, something only  they  shared, no one else. In recent times, that conversation had looked at their sudden ability to speak to each other telepathically.Not just that, but their abilities to feel each other's emotions and feelings also seemed to have been amplified as well.Vision had assumed Wanda would be happy about seeing the new compound or at least, happy about seeing Sam or James. Instead, he felt her apprehension, reluctance, and...fear?
   Wanda? 
"Darling, what is it?"Wanda sighed, removing her hand from his and placing both on the steering wheel. "Do you…"she began. "Do you really want to do this? Go up to the compound, I mean.""I thought you wanted to go," whispered Vision, tilting his head in confusion."I thought I did," she murmured, leaning her head against the backrest. "It's not going to be the same place, the place we called home. And the last time I was there…"The last bit was unspoken and something they both answered internally - the last time they had been at Avengers Compound proper had been the very last time for both of them. Outside from being brought back on the compound's crumbled husk, the last time Wanda had been there, she had been fleeing with Clint.Pushing Vision through six floors.The last time Vision had been at the compound, he believed that would be his very last time. He had packed with the hope that he'd be living, well, in Edinburgh and that eventually, he'd make the permanent move to Westview. Hopefully, with Wanda."A very wise witch recently reminded me that not everything at the compound was all bad."That got a smile from her, a small one, but a smile nonetheless. "And you, draga," she asked, cupping his cheek in her hand. "Do you want to go? James is the only one that knows…"Vision nodded. Going to this with Wanda would announce his resurrection to Sam and whoever else he may have invited, something that he had been desperately trying to keep under wraps. It wasn't that he was hiding from any of their former teammates, but...well…This was where he understood his wife's reluctance. They weren't the same people they had been before...before. Rhodes was taking his place as the sole member of the Avengers, Sam was Captain America, Clint was with his family…Meanwhile, Wanda had taken a town hostage and he had been remade and repurposed as a global weapon in the pocket of the government.This wasn't really the reunion either had wanted or hoped for.Taking one of her hands from the steering wheel, he placed a kiss on the inside of her wrist. "It is important for me to see James," he responded, his eyes suddenly interested in her palm and fingers. "I did give my word that I would help with his investigation and that in turn, may help us on our own. We both know something is a miss in the world and peculiar things are constantly happening around us. We need allies, Wanda. And...Sam should know. About me.""Nothing has changed, Vizh.""Everything  has changed, my love," he rebutted. "We  have changed and...I suspect, the others may have as well." He looked away for a moment. "I'm not exactly sure what that might mean for us."The stroke of a finger under his chin had him turning back to look at her. "It means what it always has," she stated. "I love you.  Uvek.""Zauvek," he answered in return.Vision was right; they had both been changed by their circumstances and there was a probable chance the others had too, but the previous opinion that one could change for the better was...fleeting now.Tempered at least for the drive up, Wanda started the car, backing out of the driveway onto Hillcrest Dr and turning to head out of the city.  
  Esopus, New York, US

  Ulster County, West of the Hudson River

  The Recommissioned New Avengers Facility

  Day
 Founded in 1811 from the former territory of Kingston, New York, Esopus was a small town in Ulster County, centered on the western bank of the Hudson River. Because of its scenery and quiet township, Esopus had become a popular summer residence for many wealthy families, a fantastic hideaway from the busy energy that cemented the lower parts of New York. It was in Esopus that Howard Stark had commissioned a warehouse, something that he had done as part of his work with the newly formed Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement, and Logistics Division.The agency better known as S.H.I.E.L.D.Howard had been a leader in revolutionary technology during the second world war, working on legendary research and development like the Manhattan Project and Project Rebirth, the latter of which would lead to the invention and then deployment of the super soldier serum that eventually created Captain America.The warehouse had been closed and abandoned once the Cold War began to die down and when Stark moved more of his operations into the more populated district of Manhattan.Decades later, Howard’s son Tony – recently recruited into the Avengers Initiative by former S.H.I.E.L.D director Nick Fury – turned the warehouse into the Avengers Compound, a full service training and living facility for the growing members of the team. The original complex encompassed nearly 21,000 square feet on the 2.5 acres of land that included an indoor training room, living quarters, a large underground garage, and an airstrip for landing several S.H.I.E.L.D Quinjets.After the Avengers split up, Tony revamped the facility and decided to call it home. And it was.At least until 2018.Two years after the demise of the Avengers and four years after the events of the Chitauri Invasion, Tony Stark – in his Iron Man persona – was once again involved in an attack at the heart of NYC. However, this time the damage was far more substantial.Not only did this attack facilitate the arrival of Thanos, but Tony, along with the other rogue members of the Avengers, had lost completely. It was only the rather insane idea of time travel that even brought the billionaire – now a husband and father – back together with his former teammates to fight against the Mad Titan.The end result was the return of the 50% of the population that had been snapped five years earlier, however the cost was also high. The Iron Man Tony Stark was dead, the Black Widow Natasha Romanov was dead, The Vision was dead, Captain America Steve Rogers had disappeared and was presumed dead as well.And the Avengers Compound was destroyed.Totally and utterly.There had been a discussion on whether or not the area should resort back to the town of Esopus, be sold to the highest bidder, or remain an empty lot. The decision was finally made by Pepper Potts-Stark, the current CEO of Stark Industries and Tony's widow. While there was only one listing for an official Avenger, that being War Machine, there were still Avengers out in the world.And it was with hope, Pepper thought, there would be more in the future. And if so, there needed to be a place for them to train and live.Construction of the renovated Avengers Compound began at the start of 2024, a few months after Tony’s funeral and only three weeks after the first Christmas his family spent without him. It was a hard decision, everyone around the new CEO was aware, but it was an even harder pill to learn that parts of Tony’s inventions, parts of his genius, had been stolen from the very grounds of his home and were being sold on the black market.It was the very thing Tony had put behind him, the turnaround he made for the entire company after learning what his inventions and his money were backing. It was the reason families had been separated from each other or lost to each other…Howard’s son held a lot of guilt when it came to the destructive power his genius could wrought.He’d need only be reminded by one of his own teammates, a living and walking admonishment of his problematic past.War Machine had been Iron Man’s best friend, both as teammates and actual people. Col. James Rhodes had been the first to learn about what had happened after a meeting with the secretary of state, that Tony’s own blasters were being used for terrorist activities.For the moment.It was just an additional tax on a world coming out of a five year economic turmoil, with both business and individual collapse. Across the seas, the Flag Smashers were attempting to undo everything that had been rebuilt by the Global Repatriation Council, their leaders demanding a return to the way of life before the Blip, when the world had managed to achieve an unprecedented peace.Along with that, strange events had been happening all over the world; magical, mystical things that most people couldn’t understand or even begin to understand. Reports of doppelgängers, alternate versions of people and places, and a heightened sense of déjà vu came from all parts of the globe.Experts had called it a case of mass hysteria, the aftermath of a traumatic event suffered from both those that left and those that were left behind.It was a world in chaos.It was a world that needed The Avengers.Unfortunately, as far as the world knew, there was only one Avenger.Rhodey had strangely been looking forward to the compound’s completion for a while now, surprised at the quickness of the crews to have built it in such a short amount of time. When he had last left these grounds, the place had been in shambles - mortar, stone, wires, and more scattered about the scorched earth and dirt.Ambulances had been dispatched and were leaving the area with the wounded or the dead; Tony had been in one of those vans, a low chance that he could possibly be revived. It was a futile hope, but one that Pepper took, if just to give the kid a miracle in the disaster they had just gone through.Even when she knew her hope had died in front of her.Rhodey had stayed behind, had stayed with the others to try and help where he could. Those that had come back were rightly confused; Wanda was devastated, Clint was quiet, Steve was robotic. There were people he’d never met – the supreme sorcerer Strange was moving things through the air like a literal puppet master with his disciples or whatever they called themselves, while King T’Challa directed his people to help move debris.It had been a whirlwind, that was for sure, and the confirmation that things would never ever be the same.Since then, James Rhodes had been the de facto face of the Avengers, if you could call it that; his War Machine persona still saved the day when needed, but more often than not, he was always backed by some military presence when he got there. In the aftermath of the Snap, the US government decided they could handle anything that threatened the country or the world.They had done it before the Avengers and they could continue to do so.Even now, the Avengers name was only barely regarded as the peaceful and helpful servants they tried to portray. Rhodes acknowledged there were missteps - their interpersonal gripes spilling into a very public fight, the many disregards for their teammates' mental health, various disappearances at a time when they needed to be seen - they hadn't done themselves any favors.But walking through the rebuilt compound, reliving the memories that had been there...something akin to, not hope exactly, but something hopeful allowed Rhodes to think maybe something good could occur.The new complex was just as large as the old one, with the main building housing four floors and two separate basement levels that included a 1500 square foot underground garage. An additional complex had been built for the purposes of research and development, an environment brought together not only by former representatives of S.H.I.E.L.D, but also Stark Industries personnel, all dedicated to furthering the technological advances Howard and later Tony had been driven to discover.Pepper was in talks with both Doctors Cho and Selvig to return, optimistic in possibly regaining the intelligent thought leadership and investigative development that once graced these halls.Nearby was the airstrip for five Quinjets, with the goal that more would eventually be made; to the left side of that, a much larger outdoor training field was set up with a variety of different obstacles that agents or Avengers could possibly encounter during active missions.Rhodes didn't know the entire scope yet of what the current CEO had in mind, but he knew she wanted to have something that both represented Tony's legacy and grew to be even greater.It was an amazing feat done in such a short time and James had to give the woman credit - not much had changed aesthetically from the old building. Even the training facility looked the same, though a bit more updated and modified. If you didn't look too closely, one would be forgiven in believing this was the previous compound.Today wasn't the official opening, that had happened a few weeks ago, but today was an official opening when it came to the former members of the team. Sam Wilson had eagerly volunteered to get a hold of the others, stating that there was "no way they'd say no to Captain America!" It was a joke, but it certainly reflected the equal points of emotion the younger man carried with him as he carried the shield.It took some time, but when Sam took up the mantle and thus the legacy of Captain America, he did so on his own terms and had proven to be just as effective as Steve had been. Along with Bucky Barnes, the two had taken the fight to the Flag Smashers, but had also championed the root cause of their fight.Sam gave the position a unique and forward thinking approach, as both a military man and a man of color. He knew what it was like to face adversity and understood that, as a symbol of hope and freedom, he needed to be the voice to all, not just a subset of Americans. But while he had seemingly gotten the approval of the world, he had yet to make an appearance before those he regarded as friends.And if what he, Rhodes, and Barnes were aware of, there was a lot to discuss.That would come later, possibly, but for now, Rhodey stood at the front of the complex, within the entryway of the glass doors that lined the outside, soaking in the bright sunshine day, and giving his legs a needed stretch. He still needed the braces, but he was used to them now to the point that sometimes, he forgot he couldn't feel anything there. Though a difficult adjustment, it could've been worse.Things in his life could've been a lot worse.His thoughts were interrupted as he spotted a maroon SUV coming up the long driveway towards the building. He couldn't pinpoint the car immediately; he knew Clint normally drove a jeep and he figured Pepper had arranged a car for Scott. His eyes squinted, suspicions already rising as he watched the car make the turns around the curve and approach. Most people weren't aware of where the facility was, but it didn't mean that people didn't search for it or stumble upon it.And today was not a day Rhodes wanted to deal with the press or some hapless looky-loos.The career military man continued to watch the car, observing the tinted windows that obscured complete visibility to the driver or passenger, at least until the car rolled to a stop on the driveway and both got out.The passenger was first, a tall, lanky figure with blond hair and dressed in a blue polo shirt and jeans. He wore a pair of dark shades, which he lifted slightly, eyes wide as they took in the building. His companion, the driver, was quick to copy his movements, opening the driver side door and gazing up at the complex.She was shorter than the passenger, red hair hanging about her shoulders over a gray tank top that was covered by a white button dress shirt. She too wore a pair of shades - and if Rhodey didn't know any better, they matched the passenger's - which she also lifted up as she gazed about the building.Once he identified the pair, Rhodes couldn't help but smile and call out, "Pretty neat what you can do with a can of paint, huh?"The couple looked towards the voice, both shutting the car doors and beginning a walk towards the entrance. "It's certainly incredible," the blonde announced, looking around the lot."Vov," the woman whispered, her gaze being taken to the outside training ground. The familiar sounds, sights, and memories came rushing to the trio - Steve's shouts of encouragement as they did a morning run around the track, Sam and Rhodes joking and teasing each other as they tried to race, Vision and Wanda starting a run only to fall back into a leisurely walk as they conversed…"The more things change," Rhodes chuckled, looking up at the glass windows, the sunshine bouncing off the sides. "The more they seem to stay the same."He was definitely speaking about the rebuilt complex, but there was a layer in his tone that showed he was including all parties present. While Rhodes had seen and worked with Vision in the last few months and was aware of what happened in Westview, he hadn't seen Wanda since Tony's funeral.Concern about her well being had been the first thing the colonel had asked about.Looking at them both now, Rhodey knew there was a story to tell, but on the face of it, they both looked relatively okay and most importantly, happy."Oh, I don't think that's quite true," Wanda said, her gaze and smile turned towards the colonel. "I'm sure the inside is nothing like it was. But sometimes that's a good thing.""Happy memories."Wanda's smile grew bigger. "Happy memories," she said, taking the few steps forward into the hug she knew Rhodes had been dying to give her once he'd realized who'd arrived. "Hello, Rhodes.""Hey Red," Rhodes greeted, pulling back to give the young woman a brief once over. Satisfied that she didn't seem in pain, he immediately extended his hand towards Vision, receiving both a handshake and squeeze on the shoulder."It's great to see you two together."Vision gave the man a huff. "I did tell you that we were going to see each other again," he stated. When Vision and Rhodes had literally bumped into each other in Cairo, the colonel's first question was to ask if Wanda was okay. Which was then followed up with a curiosity as to whether the red head wore the matching ring that adorned Vision's left ring finger."Yeah, yeah," Rhodes replied, waving off the statement. "I just had to be sure. We have enough going on without me trying to cheer up a forlorn synthezoid about the breakup of his marriage. I had to do that once already.""You were forlorn?" asked Wanda, her smile turning sly as she glanced at her husband."I was not.""He was," Rhodes confirmed, nodding. It felt like old times, it was old times, with friends he had missed. “C’mon,” he said, gesturing his head towards the glass doorway. “I’ll give you a quick tour.”He held open the door, allowing Wanda and then Vision to enter before him, and watched as they both looked around at the new layout. The first floor had started to gain some activity, though not as much as a normal day - there were a few agents crossing the floor and even a few Stark scientists heading towards their destination, most likely R&D next door.“Pepper has a fantastic memory,” began Rhodes. “She tried to keep as much of the original look to the place as she could, but…” he looked around himself, nodding. “I think she did a decent job of updating without taking away from it. Anyway, this is the first floor, not much going on here, but it does connect a lot of the area together.”Pointing to a door ahead of them to their right, he said, “That’s the door to the garage. I’ll get someone to move your car in so it’s not sitting in the hot sun all day. The walkway over there leads directly to the R&D building.”“You’re producing more technology?” asked Vision, his attention taken by the scientists who had walked past.“Well, Pepper is,” Rhodes answered. “After Tony…she needed to keep busy, you know? And with the world kinda coming back to itself, she decided to put the money and her efforts into doing something good. She’s been working with a lot non-profits, charities, organizations that are helping families and businesses hit the hardest by events. That’s actually one of the reasons why Sam’s here.”Turning to look at Vision, Rhodes asked quietly, “Does he know?”The couple glanced at each other before Vision sighed in response. “He will soon enough.”The colonel just nodded, knowing the discretion the synthezoid held when it came to revealing his miraculous return and what that could mean for those selling Stark tech. Should Vision ever be captured, again, there would be serious consequences, something no one wanted to entertain.Turning to the left, Rhodes headed towards a set of stairs that led to the second floor. “Second floor is mostly offices,” he continued. “For the scientists and any agents who want to stay.”“Agents?” Wanda questioned, watching as some of those agents walked down the hall before them.“Ex-S.H.I.E.L.D mostly,” the colonel replied. “After they went belly up, Tony tried to keep a few on pay roll, for Fury’s sake. Or so he said.”“It would be just like Tony to have a few spies around,” Wanda huffed. “Though, considering some of the things he came up with, that was probably the right call.”“Well, it works now with everything going on,” Rhodes continued.“Any updates?” asked Vision.The trio went down the corridor, however Rhodes lead them up another set of stairs to the third floor, which had been designated as the start of the living quarters. This floor was incredibly reminiscent of the former common/entertainment area that had been a lively part of the previous compound.The area was still decked with a number of couches – the section to the right had a grouping of loungers around a rectangular glass coffee table, while the larger room opened to a 72 inch flat screen smart TV that hung against the wall. Underneath it was a sleek black cherry wood entertainment center, that held a backwards compatible Blu-Ray player, surround sound system, and an assortment of video game consoles.There was even a small, high powered slim desktop computer micro tower that held a wide range of music files and PC games.Stationed in front of that was a large, dark brown sectional couch and an identical coffee table placed between it and the entertainment center. To the left and in close proximity, was the kitchen. Two sizeable two-door black glossed refrigerators stood next to a long counter and a long stretch of cabinets above. The counters were a black and gray mix of marble, matching the black wood cabinet doors, and black glass stove top that was embedded at the kitchen island across.Between the kitchen and common area, set off to the side corner, was the conference room.While the common area was open, the conference room was sectioned off by a wall of glass and one glass door. Beyond the wall was a long oak table, surrounded by at least ten black leather office chairs. Sitting in one of those chairs was a middle aged man, with short black hair that matched a week’s growth of stubble on his face. He wore a dark green shirt, the sleeve wrapped tightly around a solid silver metal arm that rested on the table, as he watched and listened to the man that stood at the table proper.He was African-American and of medium height, also dressed casually in a blue and white plain baseball jersey t-shirt, the sleeves stopping at the elbows. He was leaning over the table, looking at something, and explaining the results to the seated man, who nodded and agreed to whatever was being said.The trio stopped, Rhodes turning to look at the couple. “We’ll probably get more into it a bit later,” he said, answering the blonde’s earlier question. The way he spoke, it was clear there had been some recent development, but something the colonel was reluctant to get into without involving the two men before them.And the time to meet them was now.It had been almost six years since Vision had seen Sam Wilson and James ‘Bucky’ Barnes, not since the two had gone to fight and protect him from Thanos in Wakanda. It had been shorter for Wanda, though her last interaction with the two had been at Stark’s funeral and the conversation had been somber. The time, however, had been long enough for things to have changed.What would the new Captain America think of his friends now? Did he even consider them friends still?And what of the man formerly known as the Winter Soldier? He hadn’t spent nearly as much time with the couple as Wilson had, but he was very aware of who Wanda and Vision were. Perhaps he hadn’t made up his mind, the battle in Wakanda being the clear focus and then being one of those having been ‘snapped’ and then 'blipped' back into existence, just as Wanda and Sam had been, did not make for a decent inspection of teammates.But there wasn’t any time to turn around, not when either man could look up at their presence.
  Now or never, darling.
Wanda nodded her agreement before taking a deep breath and giving Rhodes the go ahead to open the door. The conversation between Wilson and Barnes continued, though the dark haired man glanced over at the intrusion, a dark brow raising in question when seeing the blonde.“Hey Friday,” Wilson said, speaking to the familiar AI that ran the operations for Stark Industries. “Can you bring up the area plans for Cransta? Like, any updated ones you have would be great.”Holographic displays, two in total, materialized in front of both men, along with the voice of F.R.I.D.A.Y. “Sure, Sam,” she replied, her Irish brogue lit in amusement. “But you should be aware that Rhodes has arrived with guests.”Surprised at the interruption, Sam quickly looked up to see the trio standing at the doorway. “Wanda!” he exclaimed, a smile wide on his face. “You made…” His voice trailed off as he took in the third person of the group, a very familiar blonde he hadn’t seen in years. “Vision?!”Several things happened at once after that.Wanda, while happy to see both men, was understandably confused as to the displays and various maps that were laying on the conference table. “What is this?” she asked.“What’re you talking about?” the black man asked. “We’re gonna have lunch.”“Are we?” the red head shot back. “Cause it kinda looks like we’re about to have an Avengers mission briefing.”“No, we’re not.”“Really? Then what is this!?”“What is this?” Sam countered. He pointed at the human disguised synthezoid. “More like what is that?”“That,” Wanda growled. “Would be my husband, who you know very well.”“Well, that was a given,” the man huffed, rolling his eyes. “I mean that as in the husband who, last I saw, was dead. Which, by the way, happy to see you, man, so glad you’re here, how the hell are you alive?”“Long story…”“Which I’m hoping you plan on telling me.”“Yeah, right after you tell me what the hell is going on.”Rhodes rolled his eyes, remembering the minor scrabbles that often happened between the group. Usually, it was between him and Sam or Tony and Steve or Steve and Nat or…Either way, it was certainly a sign of the compound coming back to life.“Hey Vision,” greeted Bucky, the sounds of the disagreement between Wanda and Sam fading around them.“Bucky,” the blonde said, reverting to his normal form now that his secret was out in the open. “How’s the arm?”The soldier shrugged. “Functional,” came the response. Squinting, he noticed the smaller arc reactor that was now in the middle of the red faced forehead, the replacement for the Mind Stone that had been taken. Gesturing to it, he asked, “How’s…?”, pointing to his own forehead in question.Vision copied the previous shrugging action. “Functional,” he repeated.“We’re really having lunch then?” Wanda asked.“Yes,” groaned Sam, rolling his eyes dramatically and holding out the s like a disgruntled teenager. “We’re absolutely, totally going to have lunch.”“Really?”“Girl,” the man protested. “You know I ordered us some pizza.”“Where’s it at then?”“Okay children,” Rhodes interrupted, heading off another potential argument between the two. “Let’s wait until everyone is here before we start to get really annoying.”“Everyone?” Vision asked, looking between the assembled military men. “We’re expecting more people?”At his question, the door to the conference was thrown open, revealing a dark haired couple as they walked in. The male had a jubilant aura about him, a ready smile already on his face as he entered the room. “Hey guys!” he announced, looking around at everyone. His green eyes widened when he saw the Maximoffs, immediately making a beeline for Wanda and throwing his arms around her in a tight hug. “Wanda!? OMG, you’re here! How are you?”Pulling back, he gave her a look of concern. “Are you okay?” he asked. “I mean, you seem okay.” His eyes wandered to the red being that stood just as surprised as his wife. “Vision!? Vision!” Letting go of Wanda, Scott Lang - also known as Ant-Man - copied his initial reaction by gripping the synthezoid in an equally tight hug. “You’re alive! I heard you weren’t...but here you are!”Turning to look at his companion, he pointed at the synthetic man. “Hope, look! Vision’s alive!”Hope Van Dyne tried to keep the smile from her face, but she couldn’t. Scott had always been an infectious personality and it was hard not to enjoy the same happiness he felt in anything and everything he did. “I can see that,” she said, smirking.“Wow,” Scott breathed, his excitement still high. “The gang’s all here. Well, most of us. Sorta. But more importantly...the gang’s all here! So what’s the mission?”“I knew it!” Wanda exclaimed.“There is totally going to be food here,” Sam insisted. “We are totally going to be having lunch.”“We’re having lunch?” Scott asked, surprised.“I didn’t know we were having lunch,” Hope supplied, causing Wanda to look at her.“Do you see food though?”Sam shook a finger at her. “You’re about to sass your way out of some pizza.”The witch’s mouth dropped open in shock. “What?” she asked, confused. “Why?”Bucky just shook his head. “This is a weird group,” he muttered, in amusement.  Fifteen minutes later, three large pizzas made their appearance within the conference room, delivered by a very unretired Clint Barton. The archer had walked through the glass door, arms full of pizza and his ever present smirk when he saw everyone assembled.Wanda and Sam’s bickering had stopped, though there had never been any harshness between their words, just a lot of shock, surprise, and confusion. The unusual couple promised to explain the reappearance of Vision, which gave way to the newest Captain America also agreeing that he would clarify the work he and Bucky were doing and what Scott’s crazy statement actually meant.Normally, the conference room was not a buffet restaurant and Rhodes was sure that if Pepper found out they were eating in there, she’d not only ban them from the conference room, but the floor in general, even as he carried in plates, glasses, and silverware.“Just so we’re all on the same page here,” he announced, placing the items down on the table. “We’ve totally never, ever eaten in here, everyone is responsible for their messes, and if at any point I find ants…I’m going to beat up Scott.”The brunette looked up. “Wait, what?”“So spill anything on the floor on the pain of Lang’s death,” Bucky nodded. “Understood.”Scott of course wildly looked around at the others. “Uh…” he sputtered. “Would totally like it if we could not cause ants. Please and thank you.”Plates were passed around, as were pizza slices and glasses of soda, and the octet sat at various points around the table. Hope had claimed a seat at the far end to the right, giving her a good view of all these…superheroes.As the only child of scientists Hank Pym and Janet Van Dyne, Hope came from an extraordinary family, one that had been on the forefront of atomic relative distance and quantum physics. Pym Particles had been developed by her father, a type of particle that allowed users to shorten the distance between molecules, rendering an object smaller, but retaining its original mass.Both of the young woman’s parents had been agents of S.H.I.E.L.D, an organization everyone in that room were well versed about. After all, it had taken her some time to get over Scott’s own decision to aid Steve Rogers in what amounted to a global falling out between the Avengers.Outside of Scott, Hope hadn’t actually known anyone in the room, other than quick introductions during a funeral. That didn’t even cover the fact that they had all fought along side each other to take out Thanos and his forces; while many servicemen and women reported having created strong bonds while fighting together, the brunette couldn’t decide if a bond was there or not.As the daughter of scientists, Van Dyne knew how to observe and research, even when she wasn’t standing in front of microscopes or even a board meeting. Without the threat of an intergalactic warlord or the somber occasion of a wake, Hope was finally able to watch, listen, and learn about the people Scott would incessantly talk about.From the start, Hope knew these weren’t the original Avengers, that is to say, the founding members of the group. Most of those members were dead or disappeared, other than Barton, who kept insisting and joking that he was retired. It was something that the strange couple – the Maximoffs – shared, though from the ribbing going around, it didn’t seem like either person was actively pursuing retirement. Barton was apparently a family man, a wife and a few kids, and a family that was clearly known by at least the official members of the team.While she didn’t keep up on super recusing news, she was well aware of the events that had led to the Sokovia Accords and the Avengers breakup. Most fingers pointed to the other woman in the room, Wanda Maximoff. She sat in the chair to the left of the being known as The Vision, a synthezoid who had been the former AI for Tony Stark, a red arm slung over the back of the red head’s chair. She had seen the flashes of silver wedding rings from each and she held her tongue on whether the topic was an agreed upon discussion.Hope would be lying if being introduced to the synthezoid earlier wasn’t a strange event:
  “Oh!” Scott piped up, looking between his girlfriend and the red faced android. “I don’t think you’ve ever met Hope.” Turning to the young woman, he continued with, “Hope Van Dyne, The Vision. Vision, Hope Van Dyne.”

  Hope held out her hand as expected, surprised by the strong yet gentle response from the being. “A pleasure,” he replied.

  “Vision flew inside me once.”

  The woman blinked, a slim eyebrow raised at the statement. If red could get any darker, Vision was demonstrating that, as his blue eyes opened wide in embarrassment. “S-see, I…I can alter…alter my density,” he stumbled, clearing his throat quickly in succession. “I can alter my density so that I can phrase through solid matter. And you,” Vision’s head swiveled immediately to give Scott a slight glare. “Should really phrased that better.”

  Scott nodded, the grimace on his face appearing as soon as he realized what he had said, or rather, how it had sounded. It wasn’t a lie, Vision did indeed flew through him, however he had left out the part where he’d been about 5o feet tall at the time.
Focusing back on the current laughing and joking, Hope could see that the couple was somewhat present in conversation, but there was some hesitancy from each when it came to questions that involved what everyone had been up to since last seeing each other. It was no secret that Sam had taken on the mantle of Captain America, a move that many people praised while others questioned what this new persona would do.Added pressure came with acknowledgement that Bucky Barnes, the former assassin known as the Winter Soldier, was helping him. Having a former brainwashed killer as the partner to America’s symbol was met with hesitance, but it was a far cry from the very public killing that affronted the former captain in John Walker.While Sam and Bucky had been tackling the Flag Smashers, Rhodes was handling everything and anything that needed the Avengers.For Hope’s part, she and Scott had taken up the positions that had been held by her parents, as the new Ant-Man and the new Wasp. They weren’t as well known, which meant they could conduct their own investigations under covert anonymity, where the only identifying qualities were the fact that she was Hank Pym’s daughter.Clint, as a devout family man, bragged about some of the things he and his children had been doing. She learned that his family had been one of the many who had been snapped away and it had led to a downward spiral until Natasha Romanoff had intervened.It was clear that mentioning the deceased members of the group was hard, for everyone.Even Scott, who’s time with the Avengers had been a total of being on the run for nearly a year before helping them with their time heist. Her boyfriend didn’t really talk a lot about being on the run, though any story he did tell always involved one or all of those around the table.That left the couple, Wanda and Vision, who seemed more cagey about answering questions than Scott did when trying to lie about whether he ate the last peanut butter cup. In fact, unlike the others, neither offered up at any information about their time away, though from conversation Hope learned the two currently lived in New Jersey.She didn’t want to be suspicious, but it was hard not when it seemed both were purposefully trying to keep the others from finding out about something.Thirty minutes of eating, drinking, and catching up soon ended, the laughter dying out as everyone sat back in their chairs and just observed their friends and comrades. The room was quiet for a moment, anticipation on who would broach the topic of why they were there in the first.Clearing his throat, Vision looked at the black male across from him. “Alright, Sam,” he began. “You’ve fed us and it’s wonderful to see you all, but what is the real reason you called us here today?”Sam smirked and chuckled. “Same ole Vision,” he snickered. “Straight to the point, as always. Okay.” Taking a deep breath, Sam started to address everyone in the room. “First off, thank you,” he said. “For coming. This was two fold, but honestly…I’m just glad to see everyone.” Looking at Vision, he gave the synthezoid a smile. “Especially when I didn’t think I would again.“But I did have another reason for getting all of us together. I, or rather, we -” He gestured to himself, Bucky, and Rhodes. “Need your help.”“With what?” asked Hope.“Friday,” Rhodes piped up, glancing up at the AI through the above ceiling. “Bring up the maps for Belarus and Malta.”“Sure thing, Rhodes.”F.R.I.D.A.Y complied with the request, displaying two maps of the European countries. “So I think we can all agree that the last…year has been…difficult,” Sam continued, giving knowing looks to the Maximoffs especially. “Thanos’ actions really did a number on a lot of people. The GRC tried to do their best, but for obvious reasons, there were some people who didn’t think they were doing enough or didn’t agree to the way they handled things.”“The Flag Smashers,” Wanda concluded, which Sam nodded in agreement.“I was under the belief that you and Sgt. Barnes had arrested those calling themselves Flag Smashers,” Vision replied. “In fact, weren’t the rest of the known Flag Smashers killed in a car explosion?”“That’s the story,” Rhodes said, causing the others to look at him. “The official story, I should say. There’s still a lot of evidence that it wasn’t just a routine car malfunction.”“Just because the ones we knew died, doesn’t mean there aren’t others,” Barnes continued. “And that’s our problem.”Sam stood and leaned across the table to reach the map of Malta, zooming in on the country. “I have a guy who keeps a look out for any remaining members of the smashers,” Sam said. “The GRC is doing what they can to help the refugees that got caught up in the Blip, but we’ve been hearing some reports that a few people still think they aren’t doing enough. Torres was following the trail of a known sympathizer and it led him here, to Malta.”“Okay,” Hope said. “Still doesn’t explain what you need help with.”“We’re getting to it,” Rhodes insisted. “You need to hear the whole story first.”Bucky took over the story from there. “You get a guy in Malta, who’s a known sympathizer for a former global radical group, you might not think anything of it,” he said. “However, when this guy comes from Latvia with a suspicious package under his arm, you get a little curious.”“And what was in the package?” Vision asked, curious at the tale. The circuitry in his irises spun quicker than they normally would, an indication that he was trying to access information through his own databases, as well as the Internet’s.“A make-shift rocket launcher,” Rhodes began, his gaze drifting to the synthezoid. “And a container of nitramene.”“What?”“What’s…what’s nitramene?” asked Scott, his head bouncing back and forth between Vision and Rhodes.“It’s a highly unstable chemical compound, isn’t it?” Hope questioned.“It is,” Vision confirmed. “And if my…memory is correct, it should’ve been placed in a very high secure vault, never to see the light of day.”“Yeah, well,” Rhodes sighed. “Back when Tony still hated his dad and was just willy nilly sitting on a bunch of technology that could be used by governments to obliterate people, he wasn’t really thinking about the danger.”Wanda growled slightly, the sound coming from deep within her. Her family had been one of those families Stark hadn’t been thinking about, so to hear that whatever this object or liquid or plan was had fallen into the hands of a government resistance group did not do her any favors in building the hard given respect she felt for the deceased philanthropist.
  Be calm, darling.
“Thankfully,” Sam interrupted. “We caught him before any of that fell into the wrong hands. But that’s our problem. Bucky and I are already dealing with remnants of the Smashers and the Power Broker, but having someone pop up with bits and pieces of Stark equipment was surprising.”“Wait,” Scott said. “What’s going on with Stark equipment?”Rhodes leaned against the back of his chair, before running a tired hand down his face. The toll of the last few months was starting to slip in, causing the man to seriously rethink his opinion on retirement. “After we took care of Thanos,” he whispered. “The building was toast, everything was just…but that meant there was pieces of…everything, just laying on the ground, waiting for people to just come up and take.“I didn’t even think there was anything to take, but I guess the labs were in better shape than I thought cause I got the call from Ross himself, showing me images of foreign terrorists using Tony’s armor hand cannon. Then when I went through inventory with Pepper and Happy…that’s when we discovered we were missing a lot of things. Stuff I seriously thought had been destroyed.“Long story short, the stuff that's missing are finding their way into the hands of people who shouldn’t have them.”“How did this happen?” Scott asked, bewildered.“As Sam said," Vision replied. "Our current aftermath has allowed the criminal element to gain a better foothold on their activities. The authorities are, in a sense, trying to catch up."“So are we,” Sam sighed, looking down. “Between me and Buck trying to take care of Flag Smashers and Rhodey trying to hurt down Stark tech, we're stretched thin. And that's the honest truth. The problem with that, of course, is that these two things have started to overlap.""Thought about getting help?" Clint suggested, looking at Rhodes. "Besides getting the band back together, I mean.""The government is well aware of what's going on," the colonel huffed, rolling his eyes. "Trust me, Clint, when I say Ross is very aware of what's happening and you're looking at what the solution is - me. I'm grateful that I ran into Vision when I did or else I wouldn't be as far in as I am now.""But not far enough, apparently," Vision added."Not far enough.""I definitely know the dangers of letting someone get a hold of technology they shouldn't have," Hope said. Scott nodded, the grin on his face helping to encourage the decision he was hoping she'd come to. "If you need the help, I'm sure Scott and I can lend a hand.""Count me out," Clint said. "I'm strictly retired and my wife is holding me to that this time. Or at least...I can certainly find out more if I can. I still have some contacts I could reach out to"Everyone was decided, with the exception of the other couple in the room. Wanda and Vision had been quiet, verbally at least, through the explanation, but telepathically, they had brought up their own comments and questions without word to the others."Unfortunately, Sam," Wanda announced, pushing back her chair and standing. Vision followed her lead, while also grabbing her plate and glass from earlier. "You'll have to count us out, too. Vision and I are also retired.""Are you though?" joked Clint, receiving a look from both of them."Quiet, you.""Wanda and I are quite content at the moment," Vision added. "I believe we've both had our share of excitement in recent months and...we'd like a little quiet."Disappointed, Sam none the less nodded. "It was a long shot," he shrugged. "But on the plus side, I got to see you two, so I can't say it was a bad time.""I don't think anyone's capable of having a bad time with you around, Sam," Wanda smirked. The response was exactly what she expected, a short laugh and the man extending his arms as if to say, 'What can I do?'"We've had a wonderful time," Vision stated, nodding to the group. "Hope, it was a pleasure meeting you.""Likewise."Holding up the dirty dishes, Vision said, "We'll take these to the kitchen and clean up a bit before we go.""At least hang out for a few minutes," Clint said. "I mean, I came all this way to see you.""That's a lie and you know it," retorted Wanda.Both she and Vision headed towards the door, their destination the kitchen, possibly the common area, and then home. It wasn't that they didn't want to help - they did! - but they also had another reason for showing up. Vision needed to speak with F.R.I.D.A.Y if possible and knowing that Tony's work had been flowing out of the former compound, he needed to discover if the information he craved was still there or could even be accessed."We still have to find out about this weird looking statue, too," Bucky was saying, watching as Sam extracted a third screen from the map of Belarus.Both the blonde and the redhead stopped in their tracks, Wanda's hand barely touching the silver handle of the door. As one, the couple turned slightly to look back at the displays."What weird looking statue?" Vision inquired.The war hero pointed to the new display, this one depicting a close up look at a small figurine of what looked to be a woman. Or at least, the body of a woman. Instead of two arms, the statue had six, while the head could be described as a human sundial. The figure itself seemed to be encased between four pillars, however there was no top portion to complete the work, but it also didn't look as though it had been broken off either.Within a few minutes, both Maximoffs were back standing at the table and looking at the display. "That's the Aedicula of Shepesh," Wanda stated."The who of what now?" asked Scott."Where did you find this?" questioned Vision."From a guy arriving in Belarus a couple days ago," Rhodes said. "That's actually what I wanted to talk to the two of you two about."Vision looked at Wanda. "That does track with the areas Stephen and Wong had indicated," he murmured."You two seem pretty familiar with whatever this is," Bucky said, head tilted to study them. He hadn't known Wanda long and had spent even less time with Vision, but previously he thought the two were alright. Now, however, something seemed...off, with both of them. He'd noticed it all through lunch, neither one of them offering up any details about their own parts in this crazy story that connected everyone in that room.He wasn't normally one to be suspicious, but years of keeping to the shadows and staying five steps ahead had taught him to be alert and wary all the same. Even now, the couple seemed rather timid when it came to explaining what they knew."After…" Wanda began, trying to gather her thoughts together. While she knew Rhodes was aware of what happened in Westview - Vision had told her the colonel had been aware of the incident - she wasn't sure if the others knew or worse, if they would ask about it.Especially when they hadn't exactly breached the subject of Vision's miraculous resurrection."After Vision and I left Westview," she started again. "We met up with Doctor Strange. He’s doing his own investigation into magical artifacts being recovered and sold on the black market.”“What kind of magical artifacts?” Scott worriedly asked.“Things like your statue here,” Vision answered. “How did your suspect come into contact with this?”“Said he bought it,” Sam replied. “Along with the other stolen merchandise found in his bag and apartment. We’re trying to get him to talk about who exactly he bought from.”“Any front runners?” Wanda asked.“A few,” came Bucky’s response. “Though Sam and I have a hunch it might be the Power Broker. They seemed like a big deal in Madripoor, running things down there. It wouldn’t be a stretch to learn they’ve been selling things across the channels.”“If you guys say Strange is working on something similar…” Sam began, but Vision interrupted him.“He is, but it might be best if we allowed him to work unimpeded. There is…a task he’s working on that he must be permitted to continue.”“So…you’re saying you two are gonna help then?” Sam asked, receiving slow nods from the couple. “Great! That’s…that’s actually fantastic.”“So I guess that means you two are coming out of retirement,” Clint joked.“Yeah,” Wanda murmured, her eyes never leaving the statue on screen. “I guess we are.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER II
  Sam, Bucky, and Rhodes went over some of the cases they had been working on, with Vision adding to Rhodes' story about their investigations. Clint listened intently, his posture showing a vague disinterest as though he couldn't have cared less about what was happening.But the archer had been a spy for decades, knowing exactly how to act in a situation that required him to be observant. And Clint was always observant.Bucky and Hope were the only two people in the room that Clint wasn't completely familiar with. It was ironic, seeing as Clint had spent time on the run for the first and was partly responsible for the anger the second had against Scott. From the hospitable way Hope had been, he was certain there weren't any hard feelings, thankfully.Clint wasn't unfamiliar with the issue of weapons on the black market. S.H.I.E.L.D had monitored the practice for a time, especially in the aftermath of reviving Steve and realizing that the organization of HYDRA was back in play...or rather, had never actually stopped. Learning that criminals were using Tony's inventions irritated him, intimately knowing what the criminal underground could do with just about anything to further their own agendas.The former agent wasn't terribly surprised that Vision had been involved, as it was in the synthezoid's nature to help, especially when it came to his friends and teammates. Which was why his silence throughout lunch had been not only odd, but suspicious.Wanda's quietness he could understand, that is if this had been years ago; the Wanda he knew was a lot more outgoing than the girl he had originally met in Sokovia. Despite all of the hardships, Wanda had seemingly been able to grow into a far more confident person, more confident in her abilities and her place in the world.That's why learning what happened in Westview had been hard to hear. Not Wanda's actions in the town, but the fact that he hadn't been there to help. He wasn't even completely sure what transpired and was even more confused at the appearance of Vision, looking as he had the last time Clint had seen him, right before he had accepted the deal to return to Laura and the kids.He hadn't asked, either of them, what the story was, knowing that when they were ready, they'd tell him. Or rather, he hoped they would. Clint loved the couple, as did his family, both he and Laura being concerned when the couple had announced their retirement. The archer couldn't blame them, they had been through a lot after all, but it was strange that Vision would be so willing to give up the ability to help others.In hindsight, of course, that quick decision to retire was done after having gone to Vermont and attacking a S.W.O.R.D facility. While Clint knew what had happened in Westview and that the former agency had been involved, he wasn't aware of the specifics and had no idea what the organization meant to the couple.That had been about twenty minutes ago, with the group breaking up to continue their gathering. Rhodes and Scott had immediately gotten involved in a Street Fighter match, as Clint and Bucky cheered the men on, while Vision and Hope conversed near the dining table.Wanda had waved off her husband as she began to do the dishes, finding the simple routine of physical dish washing more calming than just putting them in the dishwasher. The red head had been thrown by Sam and Bucky's investigation, not because she didn't think they weren't doing what they could to help those that needed it - that had always been something she admired and respected about Sam - it was suddenly being thrust back into being an Avenger.It was also the sudden appearance of the others.Rhodey she suspected would be there, something that Vision had hoped for so they could discuss the latest development in their case and Wanda of course knew Sam would be there, as he had been the one to invite them. She hadn't expected Clint, though it was always wonderful to see him, and she certainly hadn't expected Scott and Hope.Wanda did have the fleeting thought of telling Sam what happened in Westview; she had told him that she would explain what she meant when saying she wouldn't be arriving alone. But telling Sam and possibly Bucky was one thing, telling Scott and Clint...telling Hope, whom she barely knew…That was different.In truth, explaining her actions in Westview, explaining how Vision had come to life again was, in a word, unbelievable. She knew they wouldn't judge, that they would understand, but the shame was too much, too overwhelming. It reminded her of Pietro, the overwhelming grief she felt she would never be rid of.She had described her grief as waves to Vision, that she was always drowning from it and always would. His words, even when he hadn't understood the feeling she described, had been a comfort to her and had been the turning point in their growing closer. Vision may have portrayed the outward appearance of calmness, of neutrality, but Wanda had the privilege of being able to access the synthezoid's mind, even with his combination of mechanical and magical brains. She knew that he was deeply worried that the programming and commands given to his reanimated body were still inside him, just dormant and waiting for a particular code, password, or instruction that would unlock his destructive tendencies.Turning to look over her shoulder, Wanda saw Vision speaking to the woman who called herself The Wasp. They seemed to be a deep discussion, though nothing that seemed to be distressing by the way her husband nodded at intervals. Everything is well, darling, came the thought.  Just discussing the scientific properties of Pym Particles in conjunction with...  Just checking, muž  , she chuckled, returning her focus back to the dishes.  Don't let me stop your talk. Enjoy yourself, ljubavnik. "Still talking to each other via your mental telepathy?"Turning her head to the other side, Wanda wasn't too surprised to see Sam at her elbow. Wordlessly, he held out a hand for the dish she was currently washing, grabbing the dish towel to wipe off the excess water as he put the plate in the rack that sat to the right of the sink."You know," she joked. "Years ago, I would've told you that wasn't possible, but now…""Wait, you and V can actually speak to each other with your minds?" Sam asked, incredulously. It had been an ongoing joke, even before half of the team had been on the run as fugitives, that Wanda and Vision were so in sync with each other that they must've been telepathically connected. When they had been on the run, he, Clint, Sam, and Nat had discussed the potential of what could happen with Wanda involved.There was no argument that they would protect the young woman at all costs, but both he and Steve had wondered if either she or Vision could be mentally linked. It was still a mystery as to what these Infinity Stones were, what it was that Vision held in his head, and what the other mysterious stones could do.It was something that apparently only Thor knew, but it didn't help them when the god was no where to be found. Both he and Bruce Banner had seemingly dropped out of sight, off the planet most like, so any questions or help was unattainable. Even Vision and Wanda weren't sure what the Mind Stone could do, how their powers derived from it, and what their connection to the stone meant in the long run.At the time, the concern was more about the ability of Wanda being tracked, if Vision knew exactly where she was or where they were. This only grew when it was clear that their young charge wanted to meet with the synthezoid and that he was eager to see her as well."It's…" the red head began, stuttering to a stop. "It's complicated, but essentially, yeah. That's...kinda what happened.""Did that start in Westview?" asked Sam, nonchalantly, taking another dish and drying it.The moment Wanda expected and dreaded was here. She didn't know how it would go - on one hand, she expected a multitude of questions, confusion as to how she was able to do what she did; on the other hand, she had steeled herself for yelling, screaming, dismissals of knowing the witch who had been hiding in Avenger clothing."I don't know specifics," he continued, his voice quiet to anyone but her, but loud enough to be heard over the commotion coming from the TV. "But the incident got pinged, probably came up cause we were avenging people and places. All I heard was that you had faced off against the side arm of S.H.I.E.L.D and took the town hostage?"Wanda kept her head down, eyes and thoughts focused on washing the glass in her hand."Hey," Sam whispered, looking over at her. He waited until her eyes met his, the shame easily stewing in the depths of green. "I don't blame you, Wanda. If anything, I blame myself.""Sam…""Just listen," he interrupted, putting down the towel and facing her properly. "I know everything was chaotic, what with learning about Nat and Tony and...coming back to a world that was...is...vastly different from what we remembered. But I dropped the ball. Not just with you -" He turned slightly, throwing a look towards the couch, his attention on the former soldier, his youthful face betraying his actual age.He turned back with a sigh. "I let a lot of people down," he continued. "I should've made sure you were okay, that Bucky was okay, that my family was okay…"Wanda waved a hand in the air. The faucet turned off, sink clear of dishes, as well as droplets of water. "Sam, it's not your fault," she said, reaching for the dish towel and drying her hands. "I get this from Clint anytime I frown. I  was  okay, at least...I was dealing as best as I could. None of us knew what S.W.O.R.D had done,  was  doing, to Vision, not until…"She trailed off, her mind immediately bringing up the image of Vision on several tables, his body in pieces - an arm on one table, a leg on another, his detached head at the top of the pyramid of parts. Until that day, she had thought her world had ended in the grass of Wakanda, that she had brought about her own darkness when she watched the red tendrils of magic leave her hands and flow into the Mind Stone that marked the creation of the man she loved.But that day, that day in Hayward's office, overlooking the scientists move about the room below as they leaned over, poking and prodding the dismembered body of the person she wanted to spend the rest of her life with...At the time, she had been shocked to see Vision that way, still gray scale after Thanos had ripped out the Mind Stone, taking his very essence, his life. When she had broken the glass and landed on the floor beside the table where his head rested, that...that had been the day her world had ended. Even before they knew of their connection, before Vision had even been 'Vision' and just a construct from Ultron's mind, she had felt him.She had felt the flow of thoughts, of dreams...and then, she had felt emotions, feelings, impulses...she had felt and touched the synthezoid's soul.But in that room, in that... lab ...she had felt nothing. Nothing was left of him, no connection, no nothing. The man she loved was dead, truly dead, and the people who held his body wouldn't even allow her the decency to bury him; he was a thing to them, property owned by the government after they had seized him, no doubt waiting for the turmoil that The Snap brought, fortunate in the knowledge that the Avengers were too disassembled, too broken, too distraught to try and mount a rescue."I just wanted his body," she whispered. "I just wanted to bury him, to bring closure for both of us. I didn't realize what S.W.O.R.D was trying to do until later, much later." Taking a breath, Wanda turned so she could lean firmly against the sink counter. "What happened in Westview is the reason I, well...for better or worse, what happened in that town is the reason I was seeing Doctor Strange."He's the Sorcerer Supreme," she continued. Seeing the confused look on Sam's face, she explained. "He's one of the Masters of the Mystic Arts, a sect of warriors who protect the Earth from magical threats.""Magical threats?"Wanda raised a hand, allowing for a red bead of her powers to run across her fingers. Both watched as the ball became a thread, weaving and looping around her palm. "Learning what S.W.O.R.D had done to Vision wasn't the only thing I discovered in Westview, Sam," she said, before closing her hand and letting the power diminish. "That was why I needed to see Strange. Or rather, the reason he needed to see  me."Sam smirked. "Always knew there was more to you than you gave yourself credit for," he said. There was more to the story, even he could see that. Sam knew something happened in Westview, something so big it caused Wanda to take an entire town hostage and seemingly resurrecting Vision. And now she was talking about mystic arts, magical threats, and Doctor Strange. This was definitely above his pay grade."You think there's something...magical about that statue you ID'd?"Wanda shrugged. "Stephen and Wong had noticed that magical artifacts have suddenly been discovered all over the world," she explained. "And also being sold on the black market."The airman mimicked the same stance, turning to lean against the counter and crossing his arms. "Criminals getting their hands on Tony's stuff is one thing," he murmured. "Getting their hands on magic stuff is completely another. Is that what Strange is doing?"Wanda hesitated, before saying, "Of a sort. Another...major issue arose before we left. Whether it's connected or not, I don't know, but it does seem rather coincidental." Looking at her friend, she smiled. "So what do we do, Cap?"Sam chuckled, something short and deep, but a friendly sound nonetheless. "We do what we always do," he said. "We fight. We fight those who would want to take away the freedom of everyone on the planet, we fight to protect those that can't protect themselves, and we fight to keep the people we love safe. Because if we don't, we lose everything. And I'm not about to go through that again. And I don't think you do either."A chorus of laughs broke the tension, brown and greens eyes shifting to view the group in the common area. Clint had replaced Scott, both he and Rhodey apparently engaged in a no holds bar racing game, while Bucky, Scott, Hope, and Vision stood around cheering the two on and teasing them when one made a mistake that cost them a lead."I don't think you know how dangerous Vision and I are now.""He's a nigh invincible man made of vibranium and you can shoot magic energy from your hands," smirked Sam. "We've known for a while how dangerous the two of you are; I mean, I watched you kick Thanos' ass. I'm not about to mess with you." Wanda couldn't help it, she laughed, covering her mouth to control it down to a giggle."It's different now," she tried, but Sam waved her off."Everything's  different," he said. "I just became Captain America, Bucky doesn't sleep on the floor anymore, Vision's alive, and Rhodey has surprisingly gotten good at his job.""I can hear you over there!" the aforementioned man shouted, his eyes never leaving the television as he overtook Clint's car on the raceway."If you and V are serious about retiring," he murmured. "Then I wish you the best. If you two walk out of here right now, all I ask is you drop me a line to let me know how you are or if you need anything. If you decide to stay, I'll be forever grateful. Either way, seeing the both of you is worth it."Wanda ducked her head in embarrassment, the compliment and care always causing the feeling of inadequacy, like she was being praised in place of someone else. Delivering a playful punch to his arm, she giggled. "You invited me for pizza, Wilson," she said. "So you're stuck with us."  
  Baranavičy, Belarus

  Western Belarus Brest Region

  Polish Radio Baranowicze
 Opened during the summer of 1938, the Polish Radio Baranowicze was only operational for a year before the Invasion of Poland disrupted service and the campus of the station was bombed by Hitler's Lutftwaffe. The main office for the station was then converted for use by the Belarusian TV.The radio station was just one of a few tourist attractions of the city of Baranavičy, one of the largest cities in Belarus in terms of population and an important industrial, cultural and education center for the country. A classic railway junction had been constructed in 1874, linking the country to Moscow, before expanding to link the cities of Vilnius, Luninets, Pinsky, and Rovno.Baranavičy was a quiet town, despite its population of nearly 180,000, and most enjoyed their daily lives without issue.It was just the type of city Jimmy Woo longed to retire in. Agent James Woo had been working as an FBI agent for nearly five years now, though it was only in the last year that he'd been made more of a field agent, the ability to travel around the globe far more appealing than just sitting behind his desk in San Francisco.In fact, Jimmy wondered if his recent assignments had anything to do with his previous work as a S.H.I.E.L.D agent and why his last two big cases ended up involving two separate members of the Avengers. After keeping an eye on Scott Lang, Jimmy may have called that a fluke, but when his missing persons case led him to Westview and to Wanda Maximoff, well…The Asian man wasn't sure if that was him being incredibly lucky or having an incredible string of bad luck.So it technically wasn't a surprise when a case file landed on his desk, filled with reports of strange artifacts randomly popping up in places or being discovered in places. Places like this seemingly random radio station on the outskirts of the populated city. And though it shouldn't have been connected in any way, shape, or form, Jimmy was halfway close to believing that this was the work of Maximoff. Close to a year it may have been, it was still a little too close to the events of Westview that the FBI agent couldn't stop the idea that this could be the work of the enhanced woman.That was the reason he had given a call to Monica Rambeau.Jimmy never liked speaking ill of people, especially people that he thought were internally good. That was the feeling he got from Wanda and certainly, the way S.W.O.R.D had gone about twisting the knife of grief the woman was already experiencing, he couldn't come down on her as much as his superiors may have wanted. And his mind was split between thinking this was her work and believing this couldn't have been the idea of the former Avenger.Or rather  Avengers, seeing as Vision left with her. None of them knew or understood how Vision came to be, that is, how his form was able to live outside of the Hex that Wanda had created. Darcy had some ideas on that, believing that the Vision that came out was the Vision S.W.O.R.D had tried to reprogram or maybe an amalgamation of both the Hex version and the S.W.O.R.D version.That's where Darcy left it, as she couldn't actually explain how that would even happen, but it was her leading theory.The trio had discussed the strangeness of these cases and it was Darcy who had mentioned that she had began noticing the increase of magical energies around the world. In fact, it was Darcy who had suggested the two speak to Doctor Stephen Strange, the former neurosurgeon who was now some sort of supreme sorcerer.That conversation had led Jimmy and his FBI team to Istanbul, specifically to the underground Basilica Cistern. The cistern was absolutely beautiful, the architecture was so outstanding and amazing, the agent nearly forgot the whole point of his being there. Monica stood at his side, representing the reformed S.W.O.R.D agency, and it almost felt like they were back in Westview, ready to take on Hayward and his agents, and hopefully save the young woman who was clearly in so much pain, she had unconsciously broadcasted it to others.It did feel weird not to have Darcy along, but Monica had put the young woman to work, helping to suss out where and why these 'magical energies' were now starting to crop up.From Istanbul, the groups headed to Moldavia before separating - Monica headed back to Florida, while Jimmy took his agents to Latvia. The original plan had been for them to speak to this Doctor Strange the next day, but the lead in Latvia took more time than Jimmy expected. That expected time was nearly a week later after he'd seen the new S.W.O.R.D director.And it was in Latvia where the FBI agent had received Monica's voicemail, telling him to call her…
   "Hey Mon, what's up?" he asked, once the phone had been answered on the other end. 

   "Hey Jimmy," came the heavy response. "Sorry it's taken me so long to get back to you. There's...a lot happening right now." 

   "Tell me about it," Jimmy sighed. "It looks like those Flag Smashers might be back or at least have gathered a growing group of disciples and there's a lot more of Tony Stark's tech out in the world than maybe Stark Industries knows or has told people about." 

   "Well, I have good news and bad news," Monica announced. "What do you want to hear first?" 

   "Bad news," Jimmy stated, not even waiting for the agency leader to finish speaking. "That way, the good news will sound so much better." 

   He couldn't see it, but Monica gave a slight nod to her head before rolling her eyes affectionately. For an FBI agent, Jimmy Woo was probably the most kindhearted and optimistic man she knew and given his job, having that was rare with government agencies. "Hayward escaped." 

   "What?!" 

   "Yeah," she whispered. "They aren't sure how, but I have my suspicions. It's not a coincidence that Wanda and Vision managed to hit a former facility." 

   "They did what?!" Jimmy exclaimed, the first he'd even heard about this. "Do you think they were looking for him? Do you think they were getting revenge? Do you…" 

   "Jimmy, calm down," Monica interrupted. "First and foremost, neither Wanda or Vision had any idea that Hayward had even been in prison before I told Wanda. And they didn't know he'd escaped until I told them the other night. So that also crosses out your revenge theory." 
It wasn't that Woo believed two former Avengers would just assault an unsuspecting government building or their personnel without reason, but he also didn't think one of them would take a town hostage either. He had his experiences with rogue superheroes and while they always tried to strive for the good, their actions often resulted in the bad. One only needed to look at the Sokovia Accords to see that.
   "Okay, okay," he begged off. "I guess the important point of that is Hayward is out of custody and out in the world somewhere. The question is, doing what exactly?" 

   "I don't know," the woman sighed again. "But whatever it is, it can't be good and I'd be lying if I didn't think I now have a big target on my back." 

   "Aw, Mon, I'm sorry," he said. "I'm over here worried about two Avengers roughing up a building and you're in actual danger. Say the word and I'll have a team out there." 

   The black woman chuckled. "I'm good, but thank you," she said. "I can take care of myself, but I am on alert in case things go south." 

   "Right right. So what was the good news?" 

   "Ah," replied Monica. "Funny you should come down so hard on our favorite sitcom couple. They're actually investigating those strange magical issues as well. Along with Doctor Strange." 

   "The same Doctor Strange that Darcy wanted us to talk to?" the agent questioned. 

   "The very same," she confirmed. "I...talked to Wanda right after I got back from Istanbul. Turns out, they were there too and got the same run around with the authorities that we did." 

   "Did she say anything about it?" 

   "Only that Strange also took note of the magical energies that Darcy was seeing, but he also saw a good lot of them popping up on the black market as well." 

   "So...it's not just Stark tech we gotta look out for." 

   "No, it's not."
That had been the end of  that  conversation. And it was half enlightening and half perplexing than Woo wanted it to be.The black market had always been an issue for global governments, their presence only hindering economic growth and prosperity in countries. But with both the Snap  and  the Blip taking away and bringing back half the population, the market had seemingly grown faster and was so out of control, there looked to be no stopping it.Crimes were easily committed with merchandise purchased from the black market - drugs, weapons, sex, pornography - you name it, you could easily find it. The amount of things being sold and bought was already in the millions; adding the work of Tony Stark and Stark Industries brought that to billions.And if what Monica was telling him was true and magic was now a contender in this ring...who knew what that could entail?Nothing good, that was for sure.And unfortunately, magical mishaps were far out of the league when it came to the FBI, governmental investigations, and regulation. His mission in Westview had been to locate a missing person, one he hadn't even found, and he had just happened upon Wanda. Speaking of missing persons, Jimmy knew he would need to open that case file back up. After Westview went down, his big lead had apparently walked away without a trace.Just like Wanda, just like Vision, and now, just like former director Hayward.A carryover from his days as a S.H.I.E.L.D operative, Jimmy always tried to keep a notebook on him at all times, something quick and handy to write down case notes and thoughts.His colleagues tended to use their phones, either heedless of the security concerns that warranted their use or just not caring, but the senior agent liked being old school. He'd already taken a large amount of notes for his current investigation, but at the front of the new notebook he carried was a single name, the name of the missing person he'd been sent to New Jersey to find in the first place; a case that was now on the back burner while he handled black market trafficking.There, written on the page was the information pertaining to the case - height, weight, eye color, hair color, and overall general appearance. Above that, was the person's name:Martin Preston.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER III
  
  The Darkhold

  A part of the Dark Dimension

  Current location unknown

  Current time unknown
 There are sounds, muted in some areas and loud in others. Objects and shapes are blurry against the little light that shines through...somewhere, it's hard to even understand where  somewhere  is. Voices come and go, mixing in with the strange hums and noises that permeate the...  place.Where is this place? What  is this place?Only a few things are known for certain - for one, there's no time here, or at least the concept of time that many are familiar with and used to. Hours, seconds, days, years...there was no indication of time or how long he had been there. What was his last memory?He didn't know.Trying to remember his past was like wading through a thick fog, the further he went, the harder it seemed to grasp all he knew. And it was... So...  Loud!That's actually what made trying to get a sense of his thoughts so problematic. The voices and sounds could go from low hums to piercing randomly and with no sense of time, it was difficult to know how long this lasted. The sounds couldn't be deciphered and the voices were a jumble of laughing, crying, pleading, begging.Screaming.Most of the time, the language spoken was hard to comprehend. Languages weren't his specialty, though he hoped one day to learn the language of his mother and grandparents; but what he heard was nothing he knew. Maybe it was because it all sounded like a weird, alien mix tape or maybe it was because they seemed to be speaking at once.They were distorted, scrambled, like trying to find a working channel on an old radio. But above all, there was the dark undertone, the heavy voice that chanted, always constantly chanting.Chanting what, he didn't know. It was a language he'd never heard before, but he knew it wasn't the language of his mother, his father, or what he'd heard in video games or on TV.
   I'm scared. 

   I know. 
They needed help, all of these...people...needed help. But how? And by who? And how would anyone know where they were and how would they get there?Who could they ask for help?Who on the outside even knew they were here?That was of course the question, though the answer was multifaceted; the dimension of the Darkhold was vast, tying into the Darkforce and the Dark Dimension, and harbored unseen horrors that would terrify the normal man. However, mere mortals were not permitted to just walk themselves into this area of the multiverse.Or rather, only mortals that proved themselves  worthy  could enter this domain.Tyler Hayward was the perfect person to prove his mettle.Since getting his hands on the book, the former director was rarely seen without it. Their hidden camp in Lakehurst was undisturbed, a small unit of agents milling about and keeping track of events around them. They had already been aware that Rambeau had completely refitted the organization, but now they were wasting their time working with the FBI on black market shenanigans.The word that Stark technology was now floating about was starting to spread, at least to those in the know and it wasn't on a public scale yet, but it wouldn't take long. And it was as Hayward feared - that young whippersnapper had not only usurped his position, but then managed to waste S.W.O.R.D resources by not doing the job the agency was built for.But it was no matter, because Hayward would see that justice would be done.The book was the key, that he knew, because there was so much inside to learn and use. He couldn't understand how no one could see the text that he could, the ink clear as the clouds outside to his eyes, but the pages were blank whenever he tried to show them to Monti or Rodriguez.Huffing in annoyance, he went back to reading.Always reading.It was clear that this book was magical, spells and incantations were littered through its contents. In another life, Hayward may have been weary about using something so...mystical, so out of scientific reality that he may not have even bothered opening it. But that was another life, a life where his actions had been applauded, where justice prevailed and Maximoff was in prison, safely put away behind a plexiglass cell on The Raft, where The Vision worked  for  them, not against them as Maximoff had influenced.Where Tyler's family still lived.Where Thanos had never gotten a whiff of Earth because S.W.O.R.D had blasted his ships from the atmosphere. You can have that life, the book whispered.  You can have everything you've always wanted."What must I do?" Hayward whispered back, his eyes widening as the pages began to flip slowly by themselves, before stopping on a strange diagram.While the rest of S.W.O.R.D were busy either tracking down Maximoff and the android or keeping eyes and ears open on any hostiles coming from space, Agent Rodriguez had her eye on her former boss. She had gotten a bad feeling about that book when Spooner placed it down on the table after they'd retrieved it and her report to Hayward had been straightforward, but it did lack a few key details.Such as not mentioning that Agent Spooner had immediately become ill after returning.That Agent Thorndike had gone to his tent nearby and had tried to slit his throat. Thankfully, he was unsuccessful and was found an hour later, quickly being rushed to the hospital.And no one had heard from Agent Grace in almost 48 hours.Not that it would have mattered to Hayward. He was so immersed in the book that Rodriguez was sure she could've told him that the encampment was burning down and he wouldn't have heard her. She didn't know what was worse, the fact that Hayward was studying an empty book, that apparently only he could read or the fact that he had begun muttering and talking to himself.Correction, he had begun talking to the book.That disturbed her greatly and it seemed she was only the one. Even Monti didn't see the harm in letting their director indulge himself. "He's had a hard go of it," he murmured to her. "Prison can do that to some people, especially knowing that you're in there cause of three traitors. He's probably doing a mind map and it makes more sense for him to visualize it to himself.""But don't you think it's weird?" she hissed, quietly. "I mean, Hugo, he's talking to it now. He's  talking  to  a book!""Leave it, Luce," he insisted. "Let the guy have a win. Besides, if we want to get back at Maximoff and get our robot back, Hayward needs all hands on deck. This black market thing is just a smoke screen from Rambeau, I just know it, which means there's probably something worse on the horizon and we need to be ready."Rodriguez sighed, rubbing her fingers against her forehead. "I just…" she whispered. "This is all too weird. We've got a book from a suspect we have no info on, in a town that was quarantined in some weird cosmic bubble by a former Avenger, who then takes off with the reanimated body of  another  Avenger  we  brought back to life."This is like something straight out of the Twilight Zone.""You watch too much TV," Monti groused."I know our next move."The appearance of Hayward managed to startle the two agents, thought Monti made a Herculean effort to not let it show. "Sir?" he asked.Hayward held up the book. "We need to find someone," he said."Maximoff and Vision?" asked Rodriguez, confused. They were already looking for those two."No," Hayward said. "Someone else. Someone who holds the key in unlocking more information from the book."Rodriguez opened her mouth, a protest heavy on her lips. She wanted to tell him that the book was dangerous, that they didn't need the book to help them, but she didn't. Sharing a look with Monti, she instead held her tongue and nodded. "Of course, sir," she said. "Where do we start?""Cresskill," Hayward stated. "That's where we start."  
  Concord, Massachusetts, US

  Middlesex County

  Délicieux French Restaurant

  Mid-day
 Massachusetts was the perfect place for historians of all types. One of the original 13 American colonies, the state began as an agriculture, fishing, and trade route before transforming itself into a manufacturing center during the Industrial Revolution. As the centuries went by, Massachusetts would soon make itself known as a global leader in biotechnology, engineering, higher education, finance, and maritime trade.It was the perfect location for Sonny Burch.For anyone else, the end results of Thanos coming to the planet were devastating, even life changing. 50% of the population had disappeared, after all, and those that remained had to move on for five years in a world where things were so very very different.Not for Sonny.If you asked him, he would proudly state that 'The Snap', as everyone called it, was the best thing that could have ever happened to him. When the Snap happened, Sonny was sitting in a prison cell, trying to figure out a way of, well...getting out. He had a criminal empire to maintain and his lawyers were all but useless when it came to finding loopholes to get him out or at least reduce his sentence.The news stories that popped up, featuring that giant moron Lang snatching him from a boat, before causing a 15 story building to suddenly appear out of nowhere on the pier meant that everyone knew who he was. The problem with that was, for most, they knew him as the owner of  Oui , the popular restaurant in downtown San Francisco.But thanks to Lang and the stupid Pyms, people now knew he had broken several health violations at said restaurant and that he was dealing in the trade of illegal technology. The publicity was horrible because his clients could be exposed and that could mean their anger would reflect badly on him.Like his death.But as he sat in a jail cell, awaiting his trial date, The Snap happened. Chaos reigned, guards scrambled, officers scrambled...his lawyer, who had been leaving his cell, along with the guard holding open the door, suddenly disappeared. Their bodies just broke down into dust; Sonny even blew the debris into the air, watching as what had been his lawyer slowly floated away.And that's when Sonny floated away, casually walking out of the cell. Reception was empty, so no one noticed him grabbing his cell phone and other personal effects, and start dialing a number as he walked down the chaotic hallway and out the door.He was out of San Francisco within the hour.The first year, Sonny just laid low, keeping to himself, and moving often. He went to Reno, he went to Flagstaff, he went to Littleton, he even lived in South Dakota of all places for nearly three months. When the second year came and went, with no signs of the authorities on his trail, the 'businessman' decided to leave the west coast completely.He'd been convinced for a while that Lang or the Pyms would follow him, even if the police weren't, but no such thing happened. It was only after watching the final reports that he learned just how many of the super powered so-called heroes were gone.Like...half the team.Tony Stark had been lost in space somewhere before ultimately retiring when he returned.The Pyms - Hank and Hope - were those counted as being part of the disappeared.Scott Lang.The Falcon.King T'Challa of Wakanda.The Winter Soldier.The robot called Vision.Peggy Carter's niece.Some magical chick named Wendy Maxie Padd or something Russian.All of them snapped.Governments were ruined - presidents, senators, prime ministers, entire political cabinets were gone. The world was in disarray.Fantastic.Some of Sonny's clients had disappeared, but more importantly, many of his rivals were gone too, creating a small power vacuum in the criminal underground. Luckily, the businessman had a specific type of merchandise he liked selling and with the disappearance of the superheroes, of the police, of the government...getting those things were easier than literally taking candy from a baby.But Sonny hadn't gotten this far by being stupid.By the time he had decided on Massachusetts as his final destination, the idea of starting up a new restaurant was already in place before his arrival. The closing of his restaurant in San Fran was of no consequence, it wasn't like that was the bulk of his income, it was just something that made him look...proper and professional.Setting up another French eatery in the city was easy, there was only one high-end place in Concord, however his antics in California would be highly scrutinized, so he couldn't go that route. And he couldn't use the name Sonny Burch either, just in case his name popped up on a background check.Instead, he went with Sidney Walden Hewitt, something refined and dignified that would heighten his prestige within the city and former colony state. He insisted that his nickname was 'Sonny' which didn't sound ominous at all.And the plan went off without a hitch.By the time everyone had returned, three more members of the Avengers were dead, a rebellion brought on by some angry, buffed up teenagers was blowing up in Europe, and Sonny Burch aka Sonny Hewitt was the new king of the black market.That was reason enough to celebrate. Délicieux  was as trendy as it was expensive, with a quality French chef behind the stove and up and coming sous chefs clamoring to be the next student. Fabrice Dieudonné, his name literally meaning craftsman given by God, had a growing fame as a cook while in France before migrating to the US, bringing not only the unique flavors of his home country, but his take on those famous bites.It was the downtime after lunch, after the rush of the lunch crowd had tired themselves out from food and drink, despite it being a Thursday afternoon. Sonny had picked a back booth for this meeting, the overheard lighting creating just the right atmospheric touch he wanted. He'd done the restaurant in a near mirror to  Oui, with a few Concord touches of course - pictures of the bay, of historic landmarks, quotes by the first Walden himself littered the walls.Every table was a glossy, light marble top done in black, with sprinkles of gray and white, while every chair and every booth were made with slick black leather. A typical entree at  Délicieux started at $25 a plate, which didn't include hors d'oeuvres, drinks, or dessert. For the state, it was actually rather inexpensive compared to other places and each plate was created by a five star chef, so the price was worth it.Sonny was halfway through his basil salmon terrine and was on his second glass of beaujolais when his guest finally got to the point of the meeting. He was around the same age as Sonny, his long brown hair covered by a black cabbie hat, which he wore backwards. It was late summer, with fall weather just starting to come to the state, but the man wore a black leather jacket, matching the dark shades he still wore inside."The market's rollin' down the river," the man was saying, taking a sip of his Coors Light bottle. He only ordered the salade lyonnaise and the beer, waving off anything more elaborate than that. "Even with everyone back, that break allowed for more traffic and more items.""I'm not worried about that," Sonny huffed. "If people want it, they'll get it and it's our job to supply it. Especially now, when everyone's scrambling to find what they need. What  I  need is less song lyrics and more reporting."The other man sniffed, but nodded. "New items coming across have definitively been identified as being from Stark Industries. And by items, I mean the good shit - those armor bits, old school stuff from the old man, even blueprints."Sonny sipped his wine decidedly. "Really?" he asked. "How'd your guys get a hold of all that?""Easy," the other chuckled. "Thanos did a real number on that Avengers building. Pretty much demolished it. And it wasn't like it was being patrolled all the time. They just finished rebuilding it, but it was a complete mess; construction crew were pulling out weird mechanics and such. One of my guys worked on the site, said there was only so much he could put into his van at the end of the day, but it was some juicy shit."The dark haired man nodded. "I got people who would love that tech," he murmured. "Give me an inventory sheet and I'll get my people together. What else?"The man in the cabbie hat looked around the restaurant; there were a few patrons, but none near their table. Never the less, he leaned forward so that only Sonny would hear him. "We got magical shit," he whispered."What?""Magical. Shit," the man repeated."Magic's not real," stressed Sonny, giving his seller a look, which only increased when the man chuckled. "Oh, it's real, brother," the other man said. "Didn't you hear? The supers were able to beat Thanos by using their magic or whatever." Sonny just looked hard at him. "Look," he replied. "I thought it was bull shit too until I saw it with my own eyes."Looking around again, the man with the cabbie hat pulled out his cell phone and began going through his photos app. When he got to the set of images he was searching for, he placed the phone on the table for Sonny to see. In the image was a strange, small white crystal placed on a cloth covered table. Any other time, Sonny may have just dismissed it, but what made him pause was the shape of the crystal.It was in the shape of a skull."You sure this isn't a prop from that last Indiana Jones movie?"This time, the man in the cabbie hat glared at him. "Firstly," he growled. "We never talk about the last Indiana Jones movie, unless you're referring to The Last Crusade, which is truly the last movie to feature the intrepid adventurer. Second, you haven't watched the video."Sonny raised a bushy eyebrow before looking down at the phone and swiping to the next item, which was indeed a video. Tapping the play button, he watched the man in the cabbie hat, a younger man in his mid-twenties, and a younger woman, slightly older than man in his twenties, stand around in a dining room.That was the cloth covered table seen in the initial image and the younger man was picking up the skull and examining it.
   "It's like those skulls in that movie," he declared. "You know the ones with Han Solo. This is like those crystal skulls." 

   "We will not be discussing the abomination that is the Crystal Skulls," groused the man in the cabbie hat, though he was wearing a backwards baseball hat in the video. 

   "Here we go," sighed the young woman. "Now we're gonna have to listen to him bitch and moan about the last Indy movie for the next two hours. Way to go, Jared." 

   The younger man huffed, all the while tossing the skull back and forth between his hands. "It feels really light," he was muttering. "Like, you think it be heavier or something." Tossing it up in the air, Jared placed it back on the table before stumbling backwards. 

   "J?" asked the woman. "You alright?" 

   Jared shook his head to clear it, but whatever damage he had created had already been done. The skull seemed to light up in a bubble gum pink color before it began pulsing. That light then seemed to escape from the skull's eyes and mouth, hitting Jared square in the chest. The young man yelped in surprise and that seemingly broke the light show, as the beam regressed back into the gem. 
"What the hell…?" Sonny whispered, staring at the phone screen and looking up in confusion at the man seated across from him."Crazy, right?" the man smirked. "I told you, magic shit. And that's not the only thing I came across. I got a weird looking wand and some glowy orb thing."Sonny sat back against the booth, watching as the other man took back his phone and locked it. What he just witnessed was...extraordinary to say the least. Extraordinary and most likely, dangerous. He wasn't in the habit of putting himself into danger if he could help it and magical mumbo jumbo just seemed like a path to getting himself killed.On the other hand...while Stark technology was just as good as getting his hands on Pym technology, it was old hat. And certainly by now, the powers that be must've known that items were being used around the world. Magic, though...not many people believed in magic, even if the heroes of the day showed that they could perform super feats.Then again, after the whole civil war between the Avengers and them failing to stop Thanos the first time, many people would clamor to have a piece of magic just for themselves; for protection, to protect their family from more hostile aliens or even hostile superheroes.While Sonny kept a low profile, it didn't mean he stopped making sure no one was on his tail. And from what he was hearing, the former Avengers were already turning on people - one had slaughtered a whole bunch of the Yakuza in Japan, while another had taken a town hostage."You said you had others?" he asked, tentatively, hand stroking his chin in contemplation.The man in the cabbie hat smiled, knowing when a deal was made. He and Sonny went back a long time, before the Snap, but it was during that time that he began to move up in the criminal ranks. He had just been a two-bit hustler before, but now, he was in the big leagues. And the big leagues meant getting his hands on some prime real estate.He wasn't about to ruin this by telling Sonny that Jared had died later that night, his insides all messed up. Hospital said it was a speed ball gone wrong, but Cindy had practically screamed at the doctors that it was the skull that killed him.That promptly got her sent to the psych ward at McLean.He quickly nodded to Sonny's question."Tell me more."
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter IV
  
  Esopus, New York, US

  Ulster County, West of the Hudson River

  The Recommissioned New Avengers Facility

  Night

   
Ain't no party like an Avengers party, cause an Avengers party don't stop.Unless of course there are Avengers with children or other known day jobs, then the party actually does stop at about 10:30pm.And it was just that time when a few of those Avengers began to bow out of the spontaneous evening that had sprouted up after lunch. Wanda knew for certain that she and Vision hadn't been planning on staying, the trip had just been to see Sam and Rhodes, possibly speak to F.R.I.D.A.Y, but that plan had seemingly changed when Scott and Clint had settled down in front of the television and started playing video games.The redhead would be lying if she said she hadn't enjoyed herself. The hesitation that originally caused both her and Vision pause before coming seemed to relax itself the more time spent at the rebuilt Avengers facility. After her talk with Sam, she had actually begun to live in the moment - she had joked around with the former airman, spoke more than a sentence to Bucky, and teased Scott.She surprised herself at just how much she missed everyone.While she and Clint had always kept in some sort of contact with each other, there was a long period of five years when she had been gone and he’d remain, all alone and without his family. Wanda was no stranger to having your family suddenly be taken from you and it caused her so much guilt to know that no one had been there for him. Even Nat, who had been the very definition of a sister to the archer, had struggled with her own losses and having to keep the Avengers going in the aftermath of the Snap.Afternoon had quickly turned into night, with the group sitting at the dining room table, eating the takeout Scott insisted they needed and talking about previous missions, training sessions, and life on the run. After Lagos, after Thanos, those previous events had only triggered heartache for her and the thought was that talking about them would only make her remember what happened, what she had done and what she had lost.But…something strange happened after Westview…when she was working with Strange and Wong, she found herself telling some of those stories, explaining to the Sorcerer Supreme how her powers worked and more importantly, how she had been using them prior. And when she had reunited with Vision, sometimes they’d ask if the other remembered something, a place, a feeling, a moment…and telling those stories, remembering those stories didn’t hurt as much as she thought they would.Sam and Scott shared humorous tales about being on the run, the games they used to play and some of the smaller missions the Secret Avengers had taken on. Rhodes and Vision had joined in, telling everyone about their time as the True Avengers, though the colonel made sure to mention that much of that time was really listening to Vision sigh in melancholy fashion over the fact that he couldn’t be with his now wife.Scott, Sam, and Clint were extremely quick to point out that Wanda was exactly the same and at one point was listening to Toni Braxton and Taylor Swift on loop soon after their escape from the Raft. Of course, the couple denied these very plausible, but inaccurate accusations amidst growing laughter and groans.The budding witch had blocked out these happier moments, the looming threat of being caught and the aftermath in Wakanda taking the focus within her memory. In hindsight, she and the others had gone to so many places, while she and Vision had seen so many sights. Most couples couldn’t say their first official date had been at a small café in Paris or that their first time together was in a spacious hotel in Milan.Most couples couldn’t say they had fallen in love while traveling around the world.And in the aftermath of the Snap and the Blip, most couples weren’t able to get a second chance.The group finished dinner and almost immediately moved back to the couch, Sam and Rhodes already bickering about their mad basketball skills that were not to be beat. That was another few hours before the appointed hour approached and the group realized it was far too late to be driving home; even Hope didn’t think it was productive to try and catch a red eye back to San Francisco.Clint retired after losing two games of Formula 1, with Hope following shortly afterwards. Wanda stretched her arms above her head, her hands searching for the solid form of her husband. Vision had taken up residence behind her, occasionally running his hands over her shoulders as she played against Scott or dropping a kiss on her head when she won.“Tired, darling?” he asked, looking down at her and catching one of her hands with his own.Looking up, she smiled at him, watching the slow rotation of the gears that made up the irises of his eyes. “I’m gonna head up,” she whispered, leaning forward to stand and doing another stretch of her arms.“Aw,” Scott whined, looking up from his game. He, Sam, and Bucky had moved away from video games to a straight card game that the former seemed to be losing. “You’re headin’ out already, Red?”“I’m sure you’ll live,” Wanda chuckled, patting the man on his head as she headed towards the small stairway that would lead to the living quarters. “Don’t play that card.”Scott immediately pulled back his hand from selecting the 7 of spades, as though it had literally burned him. Vision smirked at the display and was prepared to follow his wife until Rhodes put a hand on his arm as he started to pass. “Hey V, a word before you go?”“Ne budite prekasno,” the red head replied, throwing a look to the synthezoid as she continued. “Good night.”The remaining men echoed the statement, three of them engrossed in their card game, while the other two stepped away to speak privately. “Sorry I didn’t speak to you about this earlier,” the colonel replied. “Apparently, we sorta…” He waved a hand at the impromptu card game, including the very day of enjoyment and relaxation.Vision smiled at him. “No apologies are necessary, James,” he said. “I would be lying if I said today wasn’t enjoyable and possibly a much needed respite.”Rhodes nodded. “Agreed,” he murmured. “Especially with things the way they are. That’s one of the reasons I wanted to see you, but now that you and Wanda seem to know about these…magic items or whatever, that might actually give us an advantage.” At the synthezoid’s look, the colonel sighed.“I wasn’t kidding when I said things are a lot worse than what the public might know,” he continued. Stepping closer, he whispered, “It’s not just Tony’s inventions that have their way to the black market.”“Howard’s as well?”Rhodes nodded. “You know those two didn’t always see eye to eye,” he stated. “But Tony couldn’t let go of everything his father worked on, not when a lot of it saw its way into his own projects.”“Every son wishes to keep a part of their father with them,” Vision murmured. He hadn’t meant to say that out loud and he certainly hadn’t expected the feelings that simmered afterwards. It was nearly a year, a year since the events of Westview, and a year since he had seen his own sons. Tony wasn’t even alive to meet them, should they ever see the boys again.It was hard to hold on to hope when hope seemed fleeting.He understood Wanda’s morose sense of life, more than she probably knew.“V, you alright?”Rhodes’ question brought him back to the present, as well back to their current predicament. “Yes,” he breathed. “Sorry…so sorry, I…my mind drifted. Do we have any idea how many Stark inventions might be on the market?”Again the man sighed and shook his head. “No idea,” he muttered. “It took us months before we even realized some of his stuff was missing. These aren’t dumb kids messing around here, this is…this is serious. I’ve seen it, Vision; the wrong group gets their hands on Tony’s stuff…on the armor, the weapons…we’re done.”Vision nodded. He didn’t need the colonel to tell him about the dangers of Stark technology falling into the wrong hands. He had personal experience in that regard already and it was something he didn’t wish to repeat. “The addition of items based in a magical nature doesn’t help the issue either,” he said. He went to continue his thoughts when he noticed Rhodes cover a yawn with his hand, shaking his head to stay awake.“James,” he said, patting the older man on the shoulder. “Go to bed. Any other details I’m sure F.R.I.D.A.Y can fill in for me. Can’t you, dear?”“Of course, Vision,” the AI replied. “You should get some sleep, Rhodes.”Rhodes chuckled. “The both of you, huh?” he laughed. “I guess it really is like old times. Alright, I’m going to bed.” He clapped the synthezoid’s arm as he turned, telling the three in the living room to “keep it down. The adults are going to bed” before heading up the stairs.“How can I help, Vision?”“Friday, I must talk to you,” he said, his voice in a low hush. “Preferably alone.”The AI’s response was a distinct and familiar ping that only Vision could hear, the request coming through his neural network and providing the automatic response back. Despite the building being newer, F.R.I.D.A.Y’s protocol still remained, as did the previous sets for frequent occupants. Suddenly, Vision had the layout of the entire of complex, a holographic map of every room and locale across the sprawling estate.Another ping directed his attention to a data storage center on the first floor, something kept apart from the rest of the complex and only accessible by the systems admin, who of course was the very AI that was leading him there. “I’m going to do a quick patrol,” he announced, heading towards the outward stairway.“V, you know you don’t have to do that anymore, right?” Sam asked, sitting up to watch the red being. “I mean, you are a guest.”“Old habits, Sam,” Vision smiled. “And I’m a little restless. Better to get something productive done than driving my wife crazy as she sleeps. I’ll see you lads in a bit.”The three gave hasty goodbyes as Vision made his way back out the common area and down the stairs to the first floor. The server room was at the end of the hallway, near the entrance to the courtyard that led out to the research and development complex. The door was indistinct, barely noticeable from a standard broom closet; the difference of course was there was no door handle to open.There was a flat panel where a handle would be, flush within the wooden structure, and that looked to be the only way in, provided you had the appropriate code or fingerprint. “Remarkable forethought, Pepper,” he whispered, looking at the door, and nodding in approval. He then smirked before phasing himself through the door and into the room.What he had believed was a server room was instead very much reminiscent of Tony’s former science lab. The single door gave the appearance that the room would be smaller than one would expect, but the inside was a decent replica of the lab, just confined to a 950 square foot room versus the 2300 square feet of Tony’s initial playroom.There was a drafting table in the middle, a standard tool the genius used whenever creating or designing something; even in the dark Vision could make out two robotic arms that stood in the far right corner, ready to assist when called.Looking at the table, Vision sighed. “Hello, dear.”“Welcome home, Vision,” F.R.I.D.A.Y said, the lights rising to give them both the ability to see, even though they were significant enough to not need them. “Did you want me to tell you the details on the suspect in Belarus? Or was there something else you needed to discuss?”The synthezoid chuckled. “Always a step ahead, Friday.”“I find everyone tends to live longer that way.”If that was a barb directed at him, it didn’t sting like he thought it would. Instead, he smirked and stated, “Duly noted. And yes, there is something…a few things, actually, that I need to discuss with you.”“How can I help, a pheata?”“I need to know everything you know about S.W.O.R.D,” he said. “And how in the bloody hell they got their hands on my body.”  The next forty-five minutes was spent listening to the past, his past as it were. Though Vision had been on an exhaustive quest in finding out what S.W.O.R.D’s Project Cataract was – him, apparently – and he had discovered his body had been in their possession, it didn’t explain the agency’s motives – not clearly – and more importantly, it didn’t explain why the others hadn’t known.Or had they?Had they known?It had been a chaotic time and he would understand completely if his body had fallen through the proverbial cracks of placement; it didn’t get everyone off the hook, but he could understand it if that was the case. F.R.I.D.A.Y, the feisty thing that she was, described events as she knew and recorded, the anger and sadness in her voice when she spoke of certain aspects of those hard five years managed to warm his heart.She told him about the legalities of his death, body, and burial, all things that had been outlined haphazardly within the Sokovia Accords. There was a section dedicated to him, or rather artificial intelligence, natural language programs, and more in the accords that was set to regulate the creation and destruction of said objects. Which was the language used…objects, pieces of machinery, computers that had the potential of global destruction in the wrong hands and world peace in the others.Had Thanos not come to Earth, had Vision died in some other manner, there would’ve been no discussion at all – Vision’s body would’ve been returned to Stark Industries and Wanda would’ve tried to get through planning a funeral. In the end, Tony had been lost in space and while the Dora Milaje had tried to do their best at keeping the body, ultimately they were facing their own crisis.Both T’Challa and Shuri had been snapped away and while Queen Ramonda was a respected leader, there was always strength in numbers. Tribes that had been aligned with protecting the country of Wakanda suddenly turned against their monarch, a recipe for growing dissent in a time when people needed to come together, not pull apart.But that's what happens when a mad tyrannical psychopath lays waste to a planet's population.Chaos, then catastrophe.S.W.O.R.D getting his body was nearly inevitable, with no Stark to stop them. The Avengers, broken for two years already, were no match for the chaos that erupted in the aftermath of the Snap. Pepper had tried, bless her heart, but Tony had been the main leader behind the accords and the main proponent of Vision; the fact that Pepper Potts was CEO of Stark Industries meant nothing because she wasn't the Stark behind the Avengers or the piece of property they claimed was their teammate.Hearing this, as disheartening and rage inducing as it was, at least helped put the missing pieces of his ongoing puzzle together. It was as they had suspected - S.W.O.R.D had swooped in and had stolen his body from Wakanda, using the confusion and discord in the country to retrieve their hopeful war machine. From what Vision had gathered, that decision was all Hayward's doing, as it seemed Maria Rambeau was not the type of person to deny anyone or anything their basic human rights.Even if they weren't human."I'm sorry, Vision," F.R.I.D.A.Y whispered, her tale coming to an end and seeing the swirling emotions go by on the synthezoid's face. "I'm so, so sorry."Vision shook his head. "There's nothing to apologize for," he replied. "And I certainly don't blame you for trying to help in this regard. My anger is not with you.""Anger doesn't begin to cover how you feel, I think.""No, it does not.""Was that all you wanted to know?""No," he breathed, before taking a deeper breath. He didn't need to breath, there was no oxygen that passed through his lips and circulated within his lungs, however the gesture in doing so helped to steady him, balance him against the tumultuous thoughts he was having."Friday, how equipped is this lab to doing a full systems diagnostic?" he continued."It's possible," replied the AI. "Are you saying you need one?""I don't necessarily need it," Vision corrected. "But I want it. I need to ensure that what S.W.O.R.D did to me is...correctable. And that it's not permanent in any way.""Understood. You know the deal, then.""Indeed I do."The table acted as a makeshift examination platform, one that Vision had been familiar with in his past. The robotic arms that had been set in the corner suddenly came alive, rolling themselves over to the table and began an intricate dance around him, various scanners running over his form. The entire process took only a few minutes, ending when the robotic duo went back to stand in their respective corners, leaving the synthezoid to sit up and slide off the table.“Analysis?”A medium sized holographic version of his body soon appeared where his real body had been on the draft table, his outer physical coding disappearing to show his inner workings. The familiar structural lines of a neural network were visible, the lines that represented his 'nervous system' ran through his body; the overview was not new to him – he’d seen this same model while in Seoul, South Korea with Helen Cho – but it was new to the AI.“There’s a few new components within your structure, Vision,” she replied.“I know,” he whispered, looking at the model. The previous organic material he once had, that he had been constructed with, was gone, at least in terms of their physical presence. But that was the revelation that Helen had seen when she had done a scan at U-GIN.“There are minute traces of the Mind Stone’s energy signature,” F.R.I.D.A.Y said, curiously. “However, the signature is different from what we originally found when you first came online.”Vision nodded. “It’s…” he began, trying to explain in a way that F.R.I.D.A.Y could possibly understand. “It’s a copy of the original signature or rather…a replication of the Mind Stone. The difference, of course, is that the originating object is no longer in our possession.”“How is that possible?”“The Mind Stone’s energy was directed into three different beings,” Vision explained. “Pietro and Wanda were given the copies, while I essentially held the database that was the Infinity Stone. The…loss, if you will, of the Mind Stone would then dictate that the main database was taken offline, however I have since come to a theory on that.”“Which is?” asked the AI.“When the primary database is removed,” he murmured, finding himself pacing around the table. “You must also remove those that are connected to the database. If the Mind Stone was the primary database…”“Then your death removed it from the replication,” F.R.I.D.A.Y supplied, a sense of a nod making the synthezoid smile. “But Vision, if that’s true, then how…”“You can set up another replication even if the main database is gone,” Vision continued. “Once all of the previous connections have been removed, another database can take the place of the primary one.”“Wanda.”Vision nodded.“I hadn’t realized she was that powerful.”“Neither did we,” came the murmur.“Is that your theory then?” F.R.I.D.A.Y questioned.He shrugged. “It’s a working theory, I should state,” he said. “And there are…related circumstances that have since been brought to light that may support that, but ultimately, I believe when Wanda returned with the others, she became the primary resource for the Mind Stone’s remaining energy.”“But Vision,” the AI persisted. “It’s not just the Mind Stone’s signature that I’m seeing.”“I know,” he agreed, pointing to the triangle that was embedded in his forehead. “There’s also the arc reactor that S.W.O.R.D so…loving implanted within my skull.” He gestured towards the blue ‘neurons’ that crisscrossed across his model’s head, where his brain had once been. “As you know,” he continued. “The arc reactor acts as a power source that can generate a more independent electrical current, however in the hands of amateur hacks, that element needed its own power source to work the way it did and to bring me back to life.”Coming back around to the place he stood before, back to the door and facing the model on the table, he pointed to the red lined wisps of energy that intertwined with the yellow and blue network. “S.W.O.R.D made me a dummy server, a mindless and empty shell designed to work in their favor.”F.R.I.D.A.Y easily heard the bitterness that came from the explanation and her own thoughts on the agency soured further.“It was only from Wanda’s powers that a connection was reestablished…”“Which cemented her as the primary database in the replication and thus adding you as a type of subscriber.”Vision nodded. “Correct.”“Vision…”She wasn’t sure how to ask her query. The very definition of replication was to copy a main database's objects across an entire system; the concept was what made herself, Vision, J.A.R.V.I.S, and other advanced artificial intelligent beings as efficient as they were. The boss had made sure of that, enabling the very process to live on in the case of something happening.That’s how J.A.R.V.I.S had evolved into becoming Vision.“True replication means there is more than one object that needs to be maintained within the database,” she said, watching his reaction.“Anything malicious or errors within the programming, Friday?”Evasion. Vision wasn’t often evasive, but he did have the ability within him to be and he seemed to be employing it now. She studied the model, looking at each line of coding that made up the full being that was Vision, and hummed with satisfaction once finished.“Everything seems to be fine,” she relied. “I’m not seeing anything malevolent that would cause alarm. Was there a reason you believed there to be?”“I was remade to be a weapon of a government agency that may or may not have the best interests of the public in mind,” he huffed. “Just covering my bases, dear.”F.R.I.D.A.Y hummed again. “That didn’t sound bitter at all,” she quipped.“I have yet to miss your humor, a pheata,” came the retort. “Is my transponder still turned off?”“There is a trace code that looks to be there.”Vision scowled, looking through his own systems to find the path the Irish entity was supplying to him. It should have surprised him that S.W.O.R.D would keep the signal, but in hindsight of course it made sense. It had originally been placed within him after the passing of the accords. Thankfully, it had been Tony who installed it, allowing the synthezoid to adjust it to his liking; he was sure the philanthropist hadn’t imagined what the former AI would actually use it for.It took a moment, but once Vision had detected it, he deleted the line of coding. The only person he ever wanted to track or find him was his wife and given their mental connection, that wouldn’t be a problem.“Transponder code is gone,” came the confirmation. “Anything else?”Vision swiped away his 3-D model from the table, asking, “Could you bring up an overview of my financial accounts?”“Of course.”Five different panels hovered above the draft table, each a different account that had once belonged to Vision. There were two investment portfolios, one held by the firm used by Stark Industries and their employees and the second one of Vision’s own choosing. The other three were separate bank accounts.Before Vision’s death, he had made the decision to add Wanda to his bank account and had been pleasantly pleased when Tony and Pepper had made sure those accounts would still roll over to her, despite both of their citizenships hanging in the balance after the Snap and then Blip brought on by Thanos’ forces. Two of the bank accounts were held at the same bank, but were split between checking, saving, and credit cards; the bank had been a long time provider for the company and Vision had no issue in using it as a way to place the earnings Tony had insisted he take.The third account had been done while Wanda was on the run, a secret, hidden account that he could access without issue. It was mainly based on cryptocurrency, a clean, highly secure form of money that could be kept off the banking books, which was needed whenever he met up with Wanda. “Friday, if you would,” he directed. “Please move the funds from the Ethereum and Tether account into the TD account and close it. I don’t think I’ll need it in the future. And please schedule a call with Mark Landon. I need to make a change on the savings account.”“Of course,” she replied. “But you know you can make these changes online with Halston’s.”“Yes, I am aware,” Vision said. “However, this is going to be a significant change. And something I may need to speak to Wanda about as well.”“What are you up to?”The synthezoid smirked. “Can’t I keep some secrets, Friday?”“Fine, seanfhear.”“Harsh.”With his official reasoning for being there fulfilled, Vision took the next fifteen minutes to just chat with the Irish brogue. F.R.I.D.A.Y had become a companion and actually dear friend after the Avengers had split; she had seen his melancholy far earlier than Tony or Rhodes had, though given the events, he hadn’t blamed them for not noticing.In fact, the AI had been more than happy to state the synthezoid’s feelings for the young brunette who had gone on the run and was the first in the compound to know his role in the jailbreak that occurred at the Raft. Just as he knew she had been his fellow conspirator.Nearly an hour and half later, Vision floated through the floor of the common room, noting the quiet of the area. The TV was off, though the cards from earlier were sitting in their pack on the coffee table. The facility was silent overall, only the electrical and technological sounds whispering in the dark – the refrigerator, the slight hum of the air conditioning…if he truly focused, he could hear the low vibration of the computers and servers, the TV and game consoles.Aside from the life that wavered through the everyday components, Vision focused his senses on the human life that reside within this environment, one in particular drawing his form through the walls and plaster until he’s passed through the fourth door on the left of the hall. His body had been on autopilot, the muscle memory of walking these corridors and stopping on the other side of the door.Entering this room numerous times.The space was different, of course - the familiar pictures of family and friends, the small television set, the guitar on its stand…all of that was gone, first packed away with the rest of the belongings from the deserting team members and then destroyed during the attack by Thanos. Pepper, or rather Tony, had the foresight to keep some of those items safe, just in case those Avengers returned, in case the disappeared would come back.The family pictures had been preserved and were safely in their home in Leonia, the other items on the list of things he would one day return to her.For now, her former room in the compound was bare, her personality removed in this new space, even though her form he could see wrapped in covers on the bed. Their luggage had been brought up at some point and Wanda had apparently gone ahead and packed their items into the dresser to the left of the bed. The master bath now looked to be on the right, offset from a large tri-panel canvas image of Van Gogh’s Almond Blossom.Vision kept quiet, shedding his clothes, and leaving him in a pair of black underwear – Wanda’s favorite, which was why he had at least five – before sliding into bed. She was lying on her side, so he immediately took his place as the big spoon, wrapping his arm around her waist and pulling her closer.He would have to tell her what he’d learn, but that was for later.Now was the time for sleep.  
  The streets of Leonia are bustling with people today, neighbors in their yards, mowing, gardening…it feels like a typical Thursday. A typical Thursday when the Scarlet Witch walks down the street, nodding to those in her community.

  She had been called on a mission earlier that morning and thankfully, it had been something simple that only took a few hours; which meant she was free to go, without having to subtly beg Sam for the official word that they were dismissed. Oh, he gave her a look – they always did - because despite the teasing, they all seemed genuinely happy for her, happy for Vision…

  Happy for them both.

  It’s only with a vague thought that she wondered how she was able to walk down the street, dressed as her alter ego, and not have people screaming away in fear or looking at her in contempt, but it was a thought easily brushed aside by the sight of her home coming into view. The two story home had been the best present her husband could have ever given her, an apology and a new start all rolled into one; a home for them and their children.

  As she approached the walkway, she noticed the lawn had been mowed and her bushes had been tended to, a strange new fascination that both had taken upon themselves. Gardening was a fun way to grow something from nothing…to create without destroying. It always amazed her at how much Vision understood her, how he saw to the needs she sometimes ignored or hadn’t even given thought to.

  The frosted black door gave way easily with a flick of her wrist, opening to the small foyer that led to the living room to the left and the kitchen to the right. Walking through, Wanda was greeted with the sight of her husband, his burgundy skin vibrant against the black polo shirt and gray slacks he wore. He was an attractive sight, even after the many years they had been together, she still desired him in every way and the sentiment was equally matched.

  The expression on his face, however, wasn’t what she was expecting. He looked confused at her arrival or more likely, her attire. Even now, he questioned things she tried to hide, tried to ignore.

  His look gave her a spike of embarrassment, unsure as to why he was looking at her as though he’d never seen her before. A quick glance down and she realized the error, immediately changing into one of his white dress shirts and a pair of jeans; it’s the change of attire then that had him worried and curious. A smile grew on his lips, his face lighting up at the sight of his wife.

  “Wanda,” he said, a breathless whisper of contentment. “Welcome home.”

  The door closed behind her and taking her first steps forward, looking to being in his arms after the day she’s had. A simple mission it may have been, but there are always people involved in these things; people who are not the government’s military or the Avengers, but people whose lives will be impacted by, during, and after their presence. Wanda always keeps that in mind, always remembers the type of destruction they can do, what she can do with her powers and the lives that are upended if those powers aren’t used responsibly. 

  “Is that Mom?”

  The call stopped her in her tracks, green eyes widening in surprise. She looked to Vision, expecting him to be just as stunned by the voice of their youngest, but he just held the same look as before – a contented smile, as though everything is supposed to be the way it is. “Is that…?” she started, but was interrupted by the sounds of quick footfalls thundering down the stairs before her.

  Her aborted question was soon answered, as William Anthony Maximoff leapt off the third step to land before her, wrapping his arms around her waist in a hug. “Billy…” she breathed, a choking sound within her throat as she pressed upon the back of the boy. It had been a year, well nearly a year since she had last seen him and his brother; in fact, he was still wearing the clothes from that day – a long sleeved navy blue shirt, with a short sleeved, tri-tone t-shirt covering it, and a pair of red Converse high tops.

  10 months, 32 days, 15 hours, 41 minutes.

  That was how long it had been since she had seen the twins, her boys, her babies, and now her youngest was hugging her tightly. Pulling back, Billy looked up at her, his brown eyes wide in terror. “Mom!” he cried. “You have to help!”

  “Help?” she asked, shaking her head in confusion. Kneeling before him, Wanda placed her hands on his shoulders. “Help with what, Billy Bear? And where’s your brother?”

  “I don’t…I don’t know,” the boy whispered, shaking his head. “It’s dark, like really dark. I can’t see anything, but it’s…it’s loud. It’s so loud, Mom.”

  Loud. That was how he had described being in Westview as well, the telltale signs that he had inherited her powers of telepathy. At the time, she had been so consumed with grief, the depression hitting her harder than she thought it should have the right to do…she hadn’t even given any further thought to Vision out there, alone, and barely surviving whatever incident Billy had managed to sense.

  She hadn’t even given any thought to Agnes taking the boys while she sat around and moped.
“It’s okay,  dušica,” she murmured, running her fingers through his hair. God, when was the last time she had done this? It was soft and growing, but not as long as his brother’s; they would both need haircuts in the coming days. How mundane. Thinking about getting her boys a haircut; even Vision tended to go for slightly longer hair, just because she loved running her fingers through it.
  His hair was also so soft. The boys have the softness of their father.

  They have so much of their father in them.

  “Tell me where you are,” she said, hands sliding from his shoulders to his arms. “Tell mommy where you are, darling.”

  “I don’t know,” the boy whined, shaking his head. She could see he was on the verge of tears, frustrated because he couldn’t relay the information he knew she needed.

  “William.”

  Vision. She had almost forgot he was here, his silence worrying. She looked up at him, expecting to see the same concern and worry that must have been on her face, but instead she saw…

  Ashen gray, dead eyes that matched, and a clear hole in his head where the Mind Stone used to be.

   “It shouldn’t be you, but it is.” 

   “It’s alright. You could never hurt me.” 

   “I just feel you.” 

   “I can’t feel you.” 

  Wanda let out a gasp, turning her head away in shock. It wasn’t real, it wasn’t real, she repeated to herself. Vision was here, with her, he was whole, he was real…

  “Mom?” asked Billy. “Are you okay?”

  “Y-yeah, yeah, I…” Was she shaking? She shouldn’t be shaking. She was home. She was home! Vision was here! And now Billy was here, in her arms. This wasn’t how this should be! 

  Everything was finally how she wanted it to be! “I’m fine,” she hissed. “It’s fine. I’m fine.”

  Billy was pulled from her arms, something in her mind recognizing that it was just Vision and not the purple tendrils that had pulled him and Tommy into an ancient book of evil.

  “It’s okay,” Vision said, his white hands placed casually on the boy’s shoulders. Wait…

  White hands. When had his hands turned white?

  Her head immediately snapped up, her eyes focused on the stark white being that had been parading as her husband. His hands were on Billy’s shoulders and he had a strange look on his face, smug, superior, like he had gotten the upper hand on a game he had forced her to play.

  “It’s okay, Wanda,” he repeated. “We know exactly what needs to be done.”
“No!”“Wanda?”A dream. It had been just a dream. Or rather, a dream that had suddenly turned into a nightmare. Wanda sat up in bed, trying to catch her breath as the images she’d seen faded from memory.“Wanda.”Vision’s voice sounded next to her, but after what she had seen, she was reluctant to view him. “Šta te muči, ženo?” he asked, a red hand appearing on her arm and squeezing in reassurance.Wanda let out a deep sigh, covering his hand with her own. “San,” she whispered, shakily.“That didn’t sound like a dream,” he countered. He began to sit up, but she stopped him, instead sliding back down into the covers and throwing her arms around his middle, snuggling into the embrace he willingly offered. She lay against his chest, her ears picking up the understated hum of him, the throbbing of energy that coursed through him now.She thought she would miss the sound of a heartbeat, his heartbeat, but the hum of his circuitry, the power that flew through him was a decent replacement. It still calmed her and lulled her to sleep. Her breaths came out shaky, the visions her mind had brought up were terrifying, thoughts of a life that could be destroyed at any moment, a life that could just be a figment of her imagination.“I saw him, Vizh,” she whispered. “I saw Billy.”If Vision did have a heart, it would’ve skipped a beat at her proclamation. It been ten months, ten months since they had seen either of their sons, with only the sounds of their voices coming to Wanda randomly; he’d only be able to hear their voices once in all that time.“We’ve never seen their physical forms before,” he mumbled, his arms tightening around her shoulders.“I think he was trying to tell me something.”“What?”She sighed. “I don’t know,” she said, shaking her head against him. “He was asking for my help. He was…he said he was somewhere dark. And loud.”“Loud?”“That’s exactly what he said after…the next day after you tried to leave Westview.”Vision’s memories of that time came to him much faster now, the conceptual events stored in his databanks like files from a time long ago. He ‘remembered’ that event, his conceptual version attempting to warn the military presence outside the town and to try to get help for the people inside. He’d been so disappointed in Wanda, confused as to why she would’ve done something so…just unlike her.At the time, he had no idea of their lives before Westview; he hadn’t heard of or even remembered Thanos or how their relationship had begun during her life on the run or their former lives as Avengers. He hadn’t even heard of the term until Agatha had described him as such. They rarely spoke about Westview, about what happened, or the events that transpired when they weren’t in each other’s presence.He hadn’t heard about this, he hadn’t known that Billy was the one to tell her about his escape attempt. He had realized only when they were standing off against S.W.O.R.D and Harkness that the boys had powers, something innate that had more than likely come from Wanda’s physiology.“Loud,” he whispered, curious as to what that meant, until the answer came to him. When he had spoken to F.R.I.D.A.Y earlier, he explained the concept of his being, of how he’d come to be alive again after meeting and losing to Thanos. He had thought the reason why Wanda was able to hear the boys was because of her telepathic ability, he hadn’t considered his son’s.“Billy’s telepathic,” he concluded, though the reveal wasn’t as surprising as it may have been months earlier. Of course Billy would do whatever he could to reach his mother, to enlist her help; he was still a child, however, and in the short time he and his brother had been in this strange world, they hadn’t exactly been training them. He frowned, a memory of he and Wanda discussing her powers, how when she had first gotten them inside the HYDRA facility, they had been disturbing and frightening.
  “Everything was just so loud,” she said. “I could hear everyone and every little thing, it seemed like. It was very distracting and confusing. I couldn’t tell who’s thoughts were who’s and I learned very quickly that it was better for me to keep certain things I heard to myself.”
“He must be somewhere with others,” he surmised.“You think?”“He must be,” he replied, hugging her closer. “If it’s loud, it means he’s hearing the thoughts of others outside of Tommy. But where could he be that would be dark and hold others?”“The book?” she asked.Vision shook his head. “I don’t know,” he murmured. He dropped a kiss on her forehead. “We will find them, darling. Obviously Billy can reach you in some manner; we just need to find his whereabouts.”Wanda nodded, snuggling closer to him as she did so. He placed another kiss to her head, rubbing her back in calming circles. He listened as her breathing slowed, indicating that she had drifted back to sleep, her mind clearly troubled from earlier. Vision was troubled by the location their son was trapped in. Was he in the book known as the Darkhold? The book of sins was still an unknown to both of them, Stephen and Wong reluctant on getting into what the book was and what it could be used for.One thing that was for sure – the Darkhold was dangerous, something Doctor Strange had been adamant about when talking to both Agatha and Wanda. The former’s use of it had been troubling in itself, something Strange himself had pointed out, very aggressively actually, and he certainly hadn’t been happy to learn the elder witch had lost the book.Vision closed his eyes, his body beginning to power itself back into his designed sleep mode, something he had constructed to mimic Wanda’s own sleep patterns and aligning their sleep cycles. He was partway in shutting down his non-essential systems again when something flashed in his wife’s mind, something he was sure he wasn’t supposed to see, but their synchronistic patterns would sometimes allow their minds to drift.You would never hurt us.His eyes popped open, sliding to the top of her head that was in his peripheral line of sight. Where did that come from? Why would she ever think that?What exactly happened in her dream?  Hope was up bright and early the next morning, sliding out of bed a little before seven. She gave a fond look to Scott, the man slumbering peacefully on the other side, a small smile on his face; clearly his dreams were pleasant, probably of Cassie or hopefully, her. In thinking of the teenager, Hope couldn’t keep the smile off her own face; like Scott, she had missed those five years of watching Cassie grow up, from the cute, curious child to an intelligent young woman.Thankfully her step-father Jim had remained after everyone had disappeared, but it had still been hard on the girl. Hope hated that Jim had been the only one there for her, hating that she had to be one of those snapped, leaving Scott in the quantum realm all alone for five years. Strangely, Scott’s ex-wife had felt the same; she had always heard of the battle between the ex and the new girlfriend, but Maggie had been nothing but supportive of her, of Scott, of…everything.Leaving her partner asleep, the former chairwoman walked out of their shared room, closing the door behind her. They hadn’t meant to stay the night – at least, she hadn’t – but the previous night had been fun. There was something about watching Scott interact with others, especially the people he had been so willing to go back to prison for. When Scott had gotten the call from Sam Wilson, he had been nothing but excited, his enthusiasm carrying over throughout the countdown until they could come out to New York.He didn’t often discuss that time he had been in The Raft or the brief period he had been a fugitive; in fact, he had been one of the first ones to accept the house arrest offer. He had made a promise to Maggie and Jim, more importantly, he had made a promise to Cassie to be there and even if it meant he had to be monitored, Scott would do anything in his power to be the hero his daughter thought he was.Her boyfriend raved about Captain America and about the Avengers, being their biggest fan if the awe in his voice was anything to go on. The line up had noticeably changed – when they had all been fighting Thanos, there seemed to be thousands of Avengers converging on the former compound’s land, ready to avenge themselves and their family members. In truth, there was really the core team or rather, what had been the core team.She had attended the funeral for Tony Stark, not knowing him well at all and only hearing about the Stark name in terms of bitter respect that came from her father. He had a young daughter, Morgan if she remembered correctly, and she was now left without a father. She couldn’t help it, her mind had immediately gone back to that day, the day her father had told her about her mother, how she had been lost and wouldn’t be coming home.Outside of fighting a tyrant, she hadn’t really met or known any of these people. Earlier, while they discussed the black market and Stark technology, everyone seemed to be all about the job, all about stopping what could be a catastrophe if it wasn’t addressed. But once they were out of the conference room, once the TV was on and the gaming controllers were out, it was a completely different scene.Hope could then see what made these people ones that Scott trusted, people he was willing to risk everything for. They traded stories, traded friendly barbs and teasing; there were three sets of friendships and three sets of adventures. Rhodes, Sam, and the Maximoffs had apparently been the new class of Avengers, brought on after the entanglement with Ultron. Wanda had been a survivor from that incident and it was part of the reason for the so named Sokovia Accords.Those four had trained and lived together, at least up until the accords ended up breaking them apart – Sam and Wanda siding with Rogers, Rhodes and Vision siding with Stark. How the Maximoffs managed to start a relationship and ultimately get married was a marvel in itself. That led to the second group, which Hope was calling ‘the fugitives’ in her mind, those that had been imprisoned in The Raft and had ultimately gone on the run.The Raft was never mentioned, only that Sam, Wanda, Steve, and Nat had been on the run, while Vision and Rhodes had been the remaining Avengers. Which, wasn’t technically true; Hope hadn’t known that Rhodes had been severely injured after their skirmish at Leipzig airport, meaning that Vision was the one that was actually avenging.When he wasn’t sneaking off to see Wanda, that is.Speaking of the synthezoid, Hope had a wonderful conversation with him, both explaining and learning more about the technology they each represented. It was no wonder Vision was interested in the presence of Stark inventions falling into the wrong hands – Hope had of course heard about him, but she didn’t know anything more than he was a Stark creation. In that sense, for all the information he tended to gather on everything, Vision didn’t know much about Pym Technologies or their invention of the Pym Particles.She wasn’t sure what she expected when speaking to him, but it was far more enlightening than she hoped. In fact, that was pretty much the entire day at the compound – far more than what she had expected.Coming downstairs, the sounds of food being prepared and cooked hit her before the smells did, revealing the very synthezoid standing at the island counter and mixing something in a bowl. Hope couldn’t stop the prominent thought that The Vision seemed so human, despite the red coloring and vibranium strips that made up his form. He had told her at dinner that he didn’t eat, so it was strange to see him up and preparing breakfast.“Good morning, Miss Van Dyne,” he greeted, eyes hardly leaving the large bowl in his hands. He was still dressed in what she assumed was his sleepwear – a short sleeved white t-shirt and black sleep pants – which was still something startling to see; he wore clothing.“Good morning,” she returned, walking over and taking a seat on one of the island’s bar stools. From that advantage, she could better see what the plans were for breakfast – a carton of eggs, a bag of flour, a carton of milk, cinnamon, nutmeg, and some sugar were laid out next to him and the glass stove he was working on. “Pancakes?” she asked, looking at the different items around him.Vision nodded, a smile on his face as he mixed. “But I thought you didn’t eat.”“I don’t,” he said. “But my wife does. And I’m guessing so do you.”The brunette chuckled. “Fair point,” she said. “Sorry. You’re just…”“An anomaly against type?”Hope outright laughed at that. “Touché,” she replied. “I bet you get that a lot, so my sincere apologies.”Vision chuckled himself, pouring the first round of pancakes on the griddle. “You’re curious,” he gathered. “And I am certainly not like anything you may have seen or even heard of. But then again, I had also never heard of the Pym Particles, outside of Scott of course, and even then, I believe only the two of us were deeply involved in a discussion.”Hope nodded. “That makes sense.”“Coffee, Miss Van Dyne?” he asked, turning around and grabbing two mugs from the top cabinet.“Yes, please,” she said. “And it’s Hope. I figure after all of my very intrusive questioning you should be able to call me by my first name.”Vision grinned. “Indeed, Hope.” He began to prepare her cup, asking over his shoulder if she took anything in it. She enjoyed it black, so once finished, he carried the mug over, placing it before her. She nodded her thanks, watching as he quickly flipped over the four pancakes on the griddle and then turned to make another cup.This time, he added a bit of milk and honey before starting the Keurig up again. While it worked, he immediately grabbed three more mugs, as well as two different cups. “I’m guessing one of those is for Wanda,” she said, taking her own sip of the dark liquid.“Correct,” he replied. “She’s not a huge coffee drinker, but one in the morning is usually the best time for her. And of course, the others enjoy it. Clint enjoys the Columbian roast best and can drink it all day long, if needed, while Sam cuts his off after two cups. James – that is Rhodes – tends to wait a bit later for his first cup.”Turning to look at her, he held up a Keurig cup and asked, “I can’t recall – does Scott usually have a cup of coffee in the mornings? I unfortunately never got many chances to… ‘hang out’ with him when I was traveling to see Wanda.”“He’ll take a cup,” Hope replied. “Though if you have any flavored coffees, he’ll drink those up fast, preferably with a little sugar. Well, for him a ‘little sugar’.”Vision laughed. “Yes,” he said. “I do remember he had a bit of a sweet tooth. Alright then…” He grabbed another mug from the cupboard and searched for a flavored coffee pod before finding one that was supposed to taste like a chocolate glazed donut and placing it down on the counter.When he turned back to the stove, the four pancakes had finished, allowing Vision to move them to a plate that had already been placed behind the flour. He quickly moved to making another set, while Hope watched and drank her coffee. “Do you do a lot of cooking?” she asked. “Seeing as you don’t eat, but Wanda does?”“I do my fair share,” he replied. “Though Wanda is a far better cook than I. If we have the chance, I’ll try to talk her into making dinner while we’re here.”“Do you think we’ll be here for a while?”Here, Vision shrugged. “I’m sure we can both agree that this began as a short visit,” he explained. “However, the knowledge that has come to the surface may change that.”“Believe me,” Hope said. “I know the issues of having your proprietary property suddenly fall into the hands of people who shouldn’t have it. While my father’s particles have thankfully not gone completely global, we do operate a lab that if ever discovered by the wrong parties, would be very dire. I can’t imagine how bad it could be if those parties have Stark technology.”“Your consensus if correct,” he added. “Were you wondering why Sam and Scott had no idea that I was still alive?”Hope felt the hot flush hit her cheeks, but she nodded all the same. “I think most people are under the impression that you were dead.”“I was,” he whispered, flipping the pancakes. “But as you were aware, I am…according to the Accords, a construct of Stark Industries, therefore should I…fall into the wrong hands again…”“Again?”Vision looked up in slight surprise, as though he hadn’t realized what he’d said. Hope could see the synthezoid warring with himself, debating if he should further explain his statement or cover it with a passable excuse. He was seemingly saved by the arrival of his wife, who shuffled in also still clad in sleepwear, near identical to what her husband was wearing, a short sleeved white t-shirt and a pair of red sleep shorts.Her trajectory stopped at her husband’s side, delivering a sleepy kiss to his bicep and receiving one to the top of her head. Her quest continued around the synthezoid to his other side, where her cup of coffee sat, still hot to the touch. “Forgot what house I was in,” she mumbled, picking up the mug and taking her first sip of coffee.“I used to travel a lot,” Hope stated. “Always happened, especially when I went in and out of time zones. Made things very confusing.”“I bet,” said the red head. “You worked for your father, correct? I vaguely remember meeting him and your mother.”Hope nodded. “I was chairman of the board for the company,” she replied. “I’m actually the reason he was no longer CEO.” When the two looked at her, she shrugged. “We weren’t exactly getting along at the time.”The conversation ended at that point, each person lost in their current activities. Hope couldn’t explain her sudden fascination with the couple, but she found both people and their relationship intriguing. The concept Vision presented for himself, as a synthetic person, was the tip of the iceberg when it came to her wanting to learn more, but coupled with the fact that he was married – married! – was too much to ignore.She still couldn’t get a read on Wanda, other than she was a powerful match for her husband, both apparently products of the Mind Stone’s power. Vision’s death was well known, however what most people didn’t know was that one of the Infinity Stones had been used to bring him to life and was responsible for his death. While his explanation of wanting to stay out of the eye of those who would want to kidnap him because of his association with Tony Stark made complete sense, what didn’t make sense was his allusion that he had once been kidnapped.Had he?From the reaction of Sam and Scott, as previously noted, had no idea that he had been revived; however, it was clear that both Col. Rhodes and Clint Barton were very aware of the synthezoid’s re-emergence into society. She didn’t know the entire story, but an educated guess pinpointed something had happened in a town called Westview. Neither Vision or Wanda talked about it, despite the two of them living there. Hope knew it hadn’t been a place they had met while on the run – she had asked Scott about it and he was just as confused about it as she was.The question had been on her mind ever since meeting the two officially the day before, but she had been respectful as it seemed to hold something of an unpleasant experience. She certainly didn’t want to bring up anything harsh, but she was more than aware of what happens when you can’t trust those around you, their secrets upending your own process and duty.She had just planned what she was going to say when the air seemed to change. She frowned, noting that neither Maximoff was aware of the difference, and it was only when she turned to her left, that the answer to the strange air was before her eyes. A yellow swirling circle was off to the side, growing until he was large enough to suck something – or someone – through. The backdrop then changed within from the corridor leading downstairs to the inside of another building, a house possibly, that had a long staircase situated behind the Asian man that suddenly appeared in the circle.“Zǎochén,” Wanda said, taking another sip of her coffee. She turned to face the man, just as Vision nodded to the new presence.“You get my message?” asked the man.“What message?”“I called you!”Wanda gestured behind her to the guest quarters. “My phone’s upstairs,” she said.“Problems, Wong?” asked Vision, plating another stack of pancakes.The man, Wong, huffed in annoyance. “When don’t we have problems?” he asked. “Stephen and I have some news to share. Are those pancakes?”No words were exchanged as Vision passed a plate of pancakes to Wanda, who then used her powers to send the plate to the Asian man, who accepted it gratefully. “Are these the ones with the cinnamon and nutmeg?”“Only the best for you, my friend,” the synthezoid quipped, returning to his cooking duties.“This is why you’re my favorite couple,” Wong replied, happily. “And check your messages!” With that, the man walked off and the strange, glowing circle disappeared with a small pop.Hope looked at the couple in shocked confusion, her mouth slightly open in surprise. Wanda gestured to her mug. “Did you want another?”The brunette could only squeak a few syllables before shaking her head. “You are an unusual couple,” was what she mustered, which didn’t begin to cover what she had just seen.“Yeah, we get that a lot,” came the simple response.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter V
   
  New York City, New York, US

  177 Bleecker Street, Greenwich Village

  Sanctum Sanctorum

  Three days earlier

   

   
Stephen Strange was bored.Like, really, really bored.The Sorcerer Supreme had been left in charge of the Sanctum Sanctorum for the last week and a half, as his mentor and assistant Wong had traveled to Kamar-Taj to seek more information on the current crisis. A few days earlier, the Sanctorum played host to both The Vision and the so-called Scarlet Witch, Wanda Maximoff.The couple, along with the elder witch Agatha Harkness, had been briefed on the ongoing magical artifacts that had begun to pop up all over the world, a strange occurrence that seemed to have been in line with the aftermath of the reversal of Thanos' Snap. If that was the only thing of interest, those involved in the mystic arts or magic wouldn't have bothered to look more than once.However, with these supernatural objects coming into existence, people who were not magically trained happened to be the ones finding them. For some, it was a scene out of a movie, where the average Joe or Jane finds something that changes their lives for the better.Unfortunately, real life was nothing like the movies.In many of these average cases, the blowback from these items often left those average Joes and Janes in a catatonic state for a few hours or worse, a trip to the hospital. Ultimately, after treatment, those average people got sent home or came out of their stupor and felt none the worse from their encounter.If it were again, only that simple.What it turned to be was that more unsavory people were the ones that ended up finding many of these magical objects and it was those people that were putting items up on the black market for the highest bidder. This was worse than having some amateurs handling dangerous items, because these people were doing it in ways that would harm others.On purpose.Having Stark technology used as weapons wasn't unheard of - that's how both father and son made their fortunes - but now, with so many of Stark's inventions also flying into the hands of arms dealers, terrorists, and who knew who else, their investigation would seem to end just there.But again...not simple.If magic and technology being sold on an underground thieves’ bazaar weren't terrible enough, the discovery that the ancient portal dimension of Fandazar Foo was seemingly devoid of magic brought events from slightly troubling to literal def-con 14.Magicians and all those who invoked the will of magic journeyed to Fandazar, using the nexus environment as a way to replenish and rejuvenate their connection to magic. Wong had once described the place as a resort, a Club Med if you will, but for those trained in magic and the mystic arts. Needless to say, the dimension was normally teeming with magic, so for Strange, Maximoff, and Harkness to enter and feel nothing was the sounding of many alarm bells.Not just because Fandazar was barren, but because it shouldn't have happened; magic doesn't just disappear without rhyme or reason. Or so one would think. But apparently it had happened and Wong had traveled to the school of mystic arts to understand the how and why.That left the Sorcerer Supreme at home, trying to also figure out the mystery on his end.And ultimately, what to do with himself once he was home alone.So the first place Stephen started was with other practitioners of magic.For most people, magic in general was something only seen in the movies or on television. Hollywood loved the magical world, where little boys went from living under the stairs to becoming full wizards or siblings learning about their magical witchy past to help defeat evil.They even loved the other side of it, where a Broadway legend takes an obscure jazz song and puts it out into pop culture while dressed as a witch out to get children to a rock legend playing the king of goblins to the three biggest classic horror film icons squabbling about a raven.What most people didn’t know or even see was that magic covered every aspect of their lives and not just in the superpowered humans that tended to save (or destroy) their cities and communities. The Masters of the Mystic Arts, for example, were founded on the principles of ensuring the planet of Earth was protected against those who would delve into the darker aspects of magic.And there were many beings in both this dimension and others that wanted nothing more than to take over in any way possible.Those with the power of magic fought on a daily basis to protect the world and other dimensions. If magic was disappearing, those individuals would certainly be the first to know. And as the Sorcerer Supreme, Strange kept a list of all magical beings on this world, the next, and every multiverse that could possibly exist. Not wanting to bother with a phone call, Stephen started with the simple task of going to a bar.Using his sling ring, the mystic doctor made a portal to an alley just off of Christopher St before walking out to the sidewalk of Greenwich St and heading across it via the crosswalk. No one thought about the tall bearded man dressed in dark pants and a gray NYU hoodie, not when he looked pretty much like everyone else walking down the street. They also paid him no mind when he put his arm through a brick wall, then his whole body, before he disappeared within the wall itself. 
  Greenwich, NY, USA

  The Bar with No Doors

  Cozy dark interior
 The Bar with No Doors was known only to a select few and by select, only magicians, other wizards, witches, sorcerers, and sorceresses were permitted inside.Inside, the walls were decorated in a sort of magical tiki shack, bamboo edging along the bar ahead, where a few straw high chairs were placed in front of it. If not for the skulls, demonic hangings, and the severed head behind the bar serving drinks, regular patrons might actually mistake it for a casual dining and drinking experience. To the left of the bar was a large booth and rounded table that already had an occupant seated, his muscular arm draped over the back, while the other lifted a drink to his lips.His was black, with shoulder length dreads that held a white stripe down the center. On his forehead was a strange symbol, a circle with a V coming out from the middle, and under it was a pair of dark shades that covered his eyes. He was wrapped in a red cloak, held together with something akin to an amulet, similar to Stephen’s own, though the former doctor was well aware that the other medallion held an equal amount of power that came from a more spiritual base than a spatial one.“Stephen Strange,” the stranger greeted, his heavy Creole accent placing emphasis on the last part of the sorcerer’s first name and elongating the ‘a’ in his surname. “What is the Sorcerer Supreme doing at a bar in the middle of the day?”Stephen nodded to the man in greeting. “Jericho,” he replied, sliding into the other side of the booth. “I could ask the same of you. You’re a long way from Louisiana.”Jericho Drumm, known to the supernatural world as Brother Voodoo, chuckled. As the local Houngan of New Orleans, Drumm had the rites and rituals of Haitian voodoo magic within his blood; his brother had been the Houngan of their town in Port-au-Prince, being trained in the art by their pedagogue Papa Jambo. Within Drumm’s knowledge was that of his brother, or rather, his brother’s spirit. The death of Daniel Drumm granted his spirit the freedom to merge with his brother's, something that Papa Jambo made sure was the end outcome, combining the power of the two and directing Jericho in the rites of becoming the next Brother Voodoo.Voodoo magic was often referred to as ‘white magic’, the use of it keeping a form of order and balance within the world and the multiverse. The concept of voodoo, much like magic itself, held cultural roots that were frequently depicted in entertainment as something to be wary of, something to be frightened of…witchcraft, many called it, likening it to delving into the magic of the devil and other evil spirits.People frequently don’t like what they don’t understand or know.“Something in the air told me I needed to speak with you,” the Houngan replied. He leaned across the table, his eyes hard and glaring behind the shades he wore. “Or maybe, it was saying you needed to speak with me.”Stephen nodded, turning slightly to get the attention of Chondu, the floating head in a glass jar who also acted as the resident bartender. “A glass of water, if you would, Chon,” he asked, turning back around to face the booth’s other occupant. “I’m not going to beat around the brush, Voodoo; something is happening to magic and I want to know what.”“That makes two of us,” the black man said. “I take it your presence here means you have also encountered something or someone devoid of their magic.”“Fandazar.”Brother Voodoo sat back against his seat, his dark face slack at the information. “You are sure?”“I was there,” Strange said, reaching for the glass of water that appeared towards the edge of the table. “I was there with a student of mine and…a wild card, at best, but the three of us were there and magic was not. Wong is in Nepal right now, also seeking answers. This makes no sense. And that’s not even the worst of things.”“Could things get worse?”“Have you not heard?”“Of?”Strange regaled the voodoo leader on the current state of the black market, how items thought long lost had suddenly reappeared and were being found by those hoping to use them to their advantage. He also mentioned that the technology of Tony Stark had also made its way online and into the hands of those that shouldn’t have it.Drumm listened, deep in thought as Stephen finished, his only question being how these items were able to come about in the first place. Here, Stephen paused for a moment, trying to decide how much he could tell the man.“My student,” he sighed. “Is Wanda Maximoff. She was an Avenger back in the day and managed to hold her own against Thanos. However, it came with a cost, as all things do.”“He killed the mechanical being called The Vision, yes?” he asked. Stephen nodded.“His death…did not sit well with her,” the doctor continued. “Not well at all. She…let’s face it and call it what it was, she had a nervous breakdown brought on by grief. Unfortunately for all those involved, her type of nervous breakdown means she loses control of her powers. That in turn, I believe, caused rips within the barrier of the multiverse.”“You aren’t going to take some responsibility on that?” smirked Jericho, raising an eyebrow.Strange cleared his throat nervously, shifting uncomfortably in his chair. “Touché,” he mumbled. “Believe me, everyone that went into Fandazar had hands in doing something stupid that affected the multiverse and I had hoped Wanda and I had managed to fix our mistakes by righting the multiverse back the way it was. But apparently, that is not what’s happening.”Jericho hummed.“Have you noticed anything?” asked the sorcerer.“I have seen these things,” the man whispered. “Not of your order, but of the gris-gris in my culture. They can be made, make no doubt, but these are handcrafted and matched to the person it’s going to help. Or hinder. Some of these things had been thought lost to time and yet…“It ain’t nothing like your criminal bazaar, but they will find themselves in the curio shops for the tourists. That is, if the business ain’t someone who knows. I know I myself have found and thankfully hidden a charm from the Voodoo Queen herself. And people may say she was just a charlatan, but you don’t get to the status of queen without some truth.”Stephen hummed in thought. This seemed to be a growing problem that wasn’t just confined to magical items; this was now encroaching on actual magical places. This couldn’t be just a coincidence. “This is not a coincidence,” he muttered. “This can’t just be happenstance. Something is happening that is causing all of these things to converge.”“The multiverse?” pondered Voodoo. Stephen started to shake his head before stopping. That was something they hadn’t considered, not really. Both he and Wong knew that somehow the actions that had disrupted the barrier to the multiverse could be responsible for these objects to suddenly be popping up, but Fandazar suddenly becoming devoid of magic?That didn’t seem to track.Unless of course, it did.Downing the rest of his water, Stephen indicated Jericho’s drink. “Another?”The man waved him off. “I’ll take care of it,” he said, leaning back against the seat. “Stephen, I’m inclined to agree. This is not just some coincidence that has just appeared; something is happening. Something bad. Can’t you sense it? Tis bad magic, Stephen, bad magic is seeping through the winds. Sneaky. Slippery. It wants to blind us, keep us from finding its true nature, but that is what we must do.”“How?” Stephen asked. “How do we even go about doing that?”Voodoo didn’t answer for a long time, but when he did, he lowered his shades to stare directly at the sorcerer. “That is the question, no?”  The discussion with Brother Voodoo only served to give the Sorcerer Supreme more questions than he wanted. Had he and Wong been lax at their post? Was there something working in the shadows that they weren’t seeing?It happened with Thanos, with only the surprise entrance of Bruce Banner acknowledging that a threat was imminent.His duty was clear – he was to protect the Earth, protect the Time Stone at all costs. That meant monitoring all magical threats that could pose danger to the people of the planet and ultimately, the multiverse. Thanos wasn’t a magical threat, he was a physical one, an alien of all things.That was definitely something right up the alley for the Avengers. They were the ones that dealt with that.Having Wanda and Vision within the Sanctum, he learned about the organization of S.W.O.R.D. who was supposed to be protecting the earth from alien threats or at least, monitor the skies so they could warn the government and the Avengers about said alien threat. But while that ideal was what the agency was supposed to be and what it hopefully was now, it hadn’t been when Vision had been in their custody.Stephen had honestly not given much thought to the normal, everyday threats that existed before he became the master of the mystic arts; he hadn’t been aware of a lot of things, outside of his own hubris. He was a world-class surgeon, his only worry was whether or not his next surgery would get him the praise he deserved. It’s the reason Christine had left him, the reason why his friendships never held together. Was it worrying that he still treated mankind with the same apathy, despite being the protector of their lives?Thanos should’ve taught him something, but it was hard to learn something when you weren’t around. Things were different, lives were different…He had gone to the library, his mind now focused on what this all could mean and what possible course of action could be taken. If there was an answer to all of this, it had to be here.The Sanctum library was nearly three stories high and the walls were filled to the brim with every logical magical book on this and other multiverse Earths. It wasn’t nearly as expansive as Kamar-Taj, the very center of all magical knowledge, but as the Sorcerer Supreme and the last Santorum to protect the world, the small townhome was the perfect place to gain further learning after leaving Kathmandu.It was in the library that Wong’s swirling portal found him, causing Stephen to lean to the side in order to view him. He was currently about six feet in the air, looking for a book, any book that could shed some light on things. “Come with me,” Wong commanded, his voice tight and unlike the sardonic ease at which he spoke.“What is it?”“Just come.”Raising an eyebrow at the man, Stephen none the less lowered himself to the ground and stepped through the portal, landing them both in a sterile environment, with white titles and dim lighting above. Stephen had been a doctor for many years, and while he didn’t spend a lot of time downstairs, he knew a hospital morgue when he saw one.They stood in front of a row of coolers or cold lockers, where the deceased were kept in storage until their appointed autopsy or burial arrangement. Stephen wisely, if not arrogantly, tended to avoid this place; many of his surgeries were success and in the very rare case where a patient died, they had been too far along for him to save. Christine, West, and others usually delivered more somber news to families and friends due to their work in the ER.Strange had found that type of labor…well, Christine had been right; there wasn’t any fame involved in saving some emergency room patient. He hadn’t become a specialist to waste his talent, his egotism stopping him from seeing that the point was to help people, to save them.Because this is what happened when those people couldn’t be saved.Cold lockers were normally stacked against the wall, with Metro-General having a 10 by 5 structure – ten lockers across and five lockers down.“There a reason we’re here?” he whispered, staring at the lockers.Wong nodded. Walking forward, he opened the second drawer from the bottom of the sixth column. On the gurney rack was a young man in his mid-twenties, with sandy brown hair, and a clean shaven face. From the neck down, a white sheet covered his body and as far as Strange could tell, the man hadn’t been dead long, but there didn’t seem to be anything wrong by just looking at him.“Looks fine to…”Wong interrupted him by pulling back the sheet on the body.The body was a completely different story than the man’s face – there were a number of contusions across the man’s chest, angry purple and black marks littered his chest, causing the doctor to step forward in curiosity and horror. “These aren’t normal contusions,” he murmured, looking closely at the man’s chest. “These were caused by ecchymosis.” He looked up at the other man. “Why are we here, Wong?”“We’re at CHA Everett Hospital in Boston,” the Asian man began. “This is…or rather, this was Jared Pendosky. Twenty-three years old, a dropout from Boston University Academy, a known juvenile delinquent to the police.”“BUA,” Stephen said. “Must have a pretty high up family member.”“His father works at city hall,” Wong nodded.“Daddy issues,” the supreme replied. “Hence the criminal career. Still doesn’t explain why we’re here.”“Well, if you stop interrupting me, then you’ll find out.” Stephen held up his hands. “He was admitted here a few days ago after being brought in by his girlfriend Cindy Hall. She told doctors that, and I quote, ‘a beam of light or something hit him in the chest.’ When asked where this beam of light came from, she said it came from a small crystal skull.”“The Crystal of Kadavus?” asked Stephen, eyebrow raised. “I thought that had been lost in the 1970s.”“It was,” agreed the Asian man. “But apparently, it was found. And found by someone who wanted to profit on it; the girl stated Jared here found the skull and invited her and another man over to view it. He was hoping to sell it to the other man.”“You got a name?”“Only that his nickname is Super Danny,” said Wong. “But word is this person also makes a substantial living by moving items across the criminal underground.”“The black market.”Wong nodded. “The black market.”“That means the skull is most likely online or in transit,” Stephen said, again looking at the young man. “His girlfriend said he got hit in the chest with a beam of light? From the skull?”“Yes.”“Then I’m going to guess these bruises are the result of the internal bleeding and breakdown of his internal organs,” the doctor supplied. Shaking his finger at the boy, he said, “This is why we don’t play with things we don’t understand.”“Stephen.”Holding up his hands again, Strange nodded. “Sorry,” he apologized. “Not a time for a joke and certainly not while standing over a dead man. So this guy finds the skull and tries to make some money on it. Where’s the girlfriend?”“Needless to say,” Wong sighed. “Her story sounded insane to the hospital staff and police, so they escorted her to the nearest mental health facility.”“Of course they did.”“Not everyone is as invested in magic as we are, Stephen.”Stephen nodded. “Point.”The two men stood for a moment before Wong replaced the sheet and pushed the gurney back inside the locker. “We should let the Maximoffs know,” said Strange. “They’ve got people who are actively working the black market case with Stark technology. I spoke to Jericho this afternoon.”Wong nodded. “I also spoke to Mahatma and Professor Xu,” he replied. “There is much to be shared.”Stephen quickly opened a portal back to the Sanctum, this time within the study. “Then let’s not waste any more time.”  
  Winooski, Vermont, US

  S.W.O.R.D remote resource base

  Two days earlier

   
 The two story building stood as far back from the banks of the river as it could be, but even from this height, Agatha Harkness could easily see the warning signs that were supposed to tell outsiders to stay away.Well, that was the opposite thing she was going to do.This facility had been attracting a large amount of attention lately – a few weeks ago, the Scarlet Witch and her android husband The Vision had come to this place for some unknown reason, though Harkness suspected it had something either to do with revenge on the robot's part or whatever super secret mission their Avengers had them on.The reason for her to be here was simple – she had followed a trail from her home to this place.A week ago, there had been a break-in at her home, a strange occurrence considering that the city she lived in had once been an idyllic place for families, children, yadda yadda. And that was only because the Scarlet Witch had created an alternate reality, one that nearly managed to disrupt all of the multiverse; to be honest, that really rubbed Agatha the wrong way. She was the expert on witchcraft and the sexy sorcerer supreme that was Dr. Strange turned to the quirky upstart and not the damn professional.However, considering that Agatha was following this trail from a disaster of her own making, well…A standard break-in shouldn’t have been a problem, yet it was what had been stolen that was the thing. It had taken nearly a decade, but Agatha had finally gotten her hands on the Darkhold, the infamous book of sins, that had supposedly been crafted by the baddest of bad gods in existence. She had taken it from her own coven and the reasons as to why they had had it was never broached and quite frankly, the elder witch had never really cared nor asked.The important thing was that it was in their possession and no one was using it to its full advantage.Unfortunately, the book’s full powers were not something that should’ve been messed with, not if you wanted to keep any remnant of your soul and oddly, Harkness wanted to do exactly that. But that was the reason she floated above the hills of Winooski – her hubris at being better than anyone meant she was reading the Darkhold, eager to learn all of its secrets, which was not a good thing.And it certainly wasn’t a good thing when those thieves had broken in and stole it from her.While she would’ve always gone after the thieves either way, she had made a promise to the not so mythical Scarlet Witch; that mythical witch was in truth Wanda Maximoff and Wanda Maximoff had children. And Agatha had used those children in a bid to get the younger woman to yield, to give up the power that was rightfully Agatha’s and when she had refused, the elder witch had used the book to take the souls of her fake reality children.In hindsight, Harkness felt horrible about that. There had been a time, centuries ago for sure, when it would have never occurred to her to use a child in such a way, but desperate times called for desperate measures. And desperation meant sacrifices had to be made, for the greater good. Maximoff was a powerful witch who didn’t even know she was a witch, who had wasted her potential putting out fires and tracking down lesser beings as an Avenger, until finally she had used her magic to create a playroom so she could play house with her dead lover.It was a waste.And you get rid of waste and that’s what Agatha had planned to do.She just…did it in a wrong way.Taking the souls of Tommy and Billy Maximoff had been low, keeping them trapped in the Darkhold had been lower, not immediately learning the incantation – if there was one – to release them was handing her the shovel…Getting the book stolen was essentially continuing to dig her own grave, laying down, and covering herself up with dirt.Without the Darkhold influencing her quest for power, Agatha could think clearly, or as best as she could without the book talking to her telepathically. Or it had been. It had been faint, but the book still called for her, up until that week when it went mysteriously silent. A few days prior, she had gone to see the Sorcerer Supreme, hoping he could point her in the right direction of where the book could be and ended up nearly getting killed by Maximoff and her husband.They had let her go, only after they had discovered magic had somehow disappeared from one of the secret creepy rooms Strange had in his house, but that had been the moment Harkness knew she could at least try to make a difference, try to fix the mistakes she had made.And that’s what led her here, to this remote government building.Using a tracking incantation, Agatha had followed the trail from her home in Westview, New Jersey up through Interstate 87 north until it led her to this seemingly non-descript building. From her vantage point, the building didn't seem all that spectacular; two stories, a patrol that routinely went around the perimeter to check if anything was out of place.Mortals were so funny sometimes.Agatha wasn't going to bother with this, seeing as her trail picked up from the building and actually looped back towards New Jersey, causing the woman to roll her eyes as soon she realized where she was headed. Such inefficiency, why go out of New Jersey if they were just going to turn back around towards the same state?Unless they were worried about something.Certainly, the fact that the married couple had hit the complex, perhaps these agents believed that was the reason for the attack in the first place. Did the two of them know that the Darkhold was in the facility when they went there? It seemed impossible, especially when they hadn't been aware that the book had been out of her possession until she actually told them.Leaving that tidbit for a hopeful later conversation, Agatha nonetheless continued tracking the purple mist until she got within the limits of Lakehurst and the trail...died. Her magic just ended, outside the small city environment. There was nothing in Lakehurst to be of interest, a few buildings, a couple of small time farms, and surprise, a lake.If anything, it was a place for people to come and camp, be one with nature as they say, without leaving the city completely.She stayed in the air for a few moments, stretching out her own senses, hoping she'd be able to feel the presence of the Darkhold or maybe, that it would sense her, its previous and most ardent owner, but it was useless. No matter how long she hovered, Agatha felt nothing. Could the thieves have thrown the book into the lake? Had they buried it?Ripped it to shreds?If any of these were possible, the question was why.And why steal it in the first place if just to get rid of it?Harkness huffed in frustration, this whole trip being completely useless and a waste of time. Worse, that annoying feeling of guilt gnawed at her, the feeling that she had somehow failed, and she did not like it. She had made a promise and she should do everything she could to keep it.There had to be something that tied that facility and this area together, she just didn't know what. And perhaps that was where she needed to find out.What Agatha didn't know was just how incredibly close she was to finding the Darkhold, hovering just over the area where S.W.O.R.D had set up a small encampment right off Hope Chapel. She instead turned back around the way she came, getting a few feet ahead before summoning her magic to teleport herself back to Westview, just outside of her backdoor.Harkness had been so close to the Darkhold, only a few feet in the air from its new home and residence.However the book had a new master now, in the form of S.W.O.R.D director Tyler Hayward.  
  Stamford, Connecticut, US

  Long Island Sound

  The neighborhood of Shippan Point
 Shippan Point, Martin decided, was a lot like Hollywood. Or rather, it reminded him of Beverly Hills.Shippan, as most knew it as, was one of the wealthiest areas in Stamford due to its location overlooking the nearby water and the ability to enjoy a private beach visit. As with many cities as part of the traditional New England colonies, Shippan had been a Native American territory that was traded to the settlers, who began to tend and grow the land to what it was today.For Martin Preston, being able to live somewhere that reflected his former status as a Hollywood star was the symbol he needed to proclaim his return to the craft. Well…'star' was probably used a little loosely when compared to the stars as they were today. But back in the day...back in the day…Martin had been a handsome man, a tall man at 6'1 and nearly 200 pounds, with piercing blue eyes and wavy black hair. He was leading man material, the next Sean Connery or even Cary Grant; all of his teachers and agents told him so and why would they lie? Martin Preston had the chance to be a contender, the 1970s version of Clark Gable.Being contracted by Anvil Studios would've been a death sentence to many other actors, the studio notorious at scaring people, literally and figuratively. Anvil was the leading manufacturer of horror entertainment. The world was in chaos and the best way to alleviate the horrors was to go to the movies and watch as others fought against the unnatural - vampires, werewolves, zombies…His first starring role as the Two-Gun Kid in The Two-Gun Kid Meets Dracula had been a surprising hit, mostly due to his performance of the famous gunslinger. From there, he did more pictures for Anvil, but he also managed to branch out to other studios and grow his acting chops.Twenty-seven years his career lasted, and his looks never faded past the look of forty, even when he was far older than people thought. He had retired in his early fifties, wanting to enjoy his wealth and status, and for a while, he did; he was a man in his fifties living as though he was still in his twenties. He still threw parties, he still pursued and slept with women who were young enough to be granddaughters.Preston had never married or had children, feeling that both of those things would just hold him and his career back.So when he left his home one night in his 1995 Jaguar Vanden Plas, its sleek midnight black color blending in with the sky, he wasn't thinking of anything other than pushing the car as fast as it could possibly go and finishing the fourth bottle of gin that he kept in the glove compartment. He didn't see the turn ahead, therefore his car went careening off the road and down into a ravine.That night was hard to remember, given the trauma and concussion he suffered. The handsome face and body everyone clamored for was ruined, cuts from the windshield and metal frame of the door had done a number on his body. Preston had quickly slipped into depression and even harder drinking. It wasn't long before his boredom focused into unhealthy outlets; on top of the drinking was the gambling and with a sizable amount of money at his disposal, Preston normally didn't know when to stop.Preston's gambling habits had led straight to owing the wrong people and when he had gone to try and talk his way out of his latest bill, he stumbled upon a murder. He certainly didn't remember or even care about the victim; what mattered was that he knew the killer and the killer knew him. So when the FBI stated they could protect him if he agreed to testify...well, Martin was a former actor, who knew how to negotiate and he negotiated the hell out of his deal.Preston had wanted somewhere on the coast, in a big house, and the ability to continue to enjoy the life he once did. So Martin Preston became David Collin Porter and was sent across the country to some podunk town called Westview.Essentially, he had gotten screwed. And not in the fun way.Preston or rather Porter had never heard of Westview and worse, it was located in New Jersey. Who wanted to go to Jersey to recruit a Hollywood star like him? No one, that's who. And Porter would've pushed that notion if not for The Snap. The Snap Heard 'Round the World and Then Some. When that happened, his handler had disappeared, his agent had disappeared - though Lonnie had long since put some distance between them after the accident - everyone just upped and disappeared.With no one to check on him, Porter tried to enjoy his podunk life. Jersey wasn't so bad when you could party in Atlantic City or head into Manhattan, so that's what he did. For five years, that's exactly what he did until the money ran out at the same time his luck did.Everyone came back.Including his piece of shit FBI watchdog.So David Collin Porter had to go back to his shitty town and live like a schmuck. At least before the Snap, the town had some charm, now it was a big of a dump as Jersey, maybe worse which was saying something. He got escorted home and put on lock down for three days. And he got a little stir crazy, he couldn't help it. He needed out, so one day he gets in the car - a God damn Accord! The shame of it all! - and decides he's just gonna drive to the line and then come back.No biggie.He almost didn't see the pretty redhead that passed him on the way out of town, her car a red or maroon Buick, but the expression on her face was one he seen before, staring him back in the mirror. The realization that your whole world was over and done with."World's a shit show, kid," he muttered to himself, eyes on the road as he ignored all the boarded up businesses, the for rent or for sale signs, the desperate pleas from businesses that they would literally give people money if they would just come and apply for a job.Pathetic.That was the world in a word. What the hell happened? And what he wouldn't give to just go back in time when things had made sense.What he didn't know and wouldn't know until much later was he had missed a huge bullet. His spur of the moment decision to take a drive, which sneakily ended up being a drive out of the town, was the best thing to happened to him. That day he managed to miss what people were calling the Maximoff Anomaly, some freaky magic thing that suddenly popped up around the town in a 50 mile radius.He hadn’t gone far, just up the road to another Podunk city called Cresskill, just to see if anyone was following him. Martin figured that when asked, he could just say he was visiting a sick friend and that he hadn’t strayed too far out of range by doing so. It was in his little, bitty hotel room that he finally learned what happened and only after Lonnie ‘The Deal Maker’ Cantone called to check on him, calling in a panic and afraid his ‘number one guy’ had lost his mind and his shit.Lonnie, good ole Lonnie, had a cousin who worked at the bureau and he had said the whole place went tits up and it turned out that one of those Avengers was responsible for it. Preston figured, he actually called it once, more than once actually.He knew it was just a matter of time before all those heroes ended up just snapping. Who could blame them? Battling creepy and scary shit from space, actual super villains, other superheroes... Not normal and the aging actor was glad he only had to deal with that stuff on a soundstage.But with Westview clearly not an option on going back, Martin went up to Connecticut, after Lonnie told him he had a rental in Stamford. That was the place he should've been put up in in the first place. Stamford itself was located in Fairfield County and the second most populated city in the state, given its proximity between the cities of Manhattan and New Haven.Nine Fortune 500 companies operated out of Stamford, making it the largest financial district within the New York metro area outside of the major city and the largest corporation concentration in all of the US. It’s ritzy neighborhood of Shippan Point was located in the southernmost area of the city, directly off the shoreline which was reflected by their many sea themed street names.Lonnie’s rental was a two story sixteen hundred square foot condo on Harbor Drive, set off the main street, with two bedrooms and two baths. The second floor held a balcony that could be seen from the dining area, where a full kitchen with cherry wood cabinets and new appliances greeted you. The master bedroom held the master bathroom, while the second was more of a guest restroom, with two large sinks and bigger tub.A small open loft completed the place, where Lonnie had set up a small office, a glass top L-shaped desk in the middle with a black high leather chair behind it. A 32-inch curved wide screen monitor sat on the top, which was connected to one of those mini computers, along with a keyboard and track mouse.Preston wasn’t a computer person, but he knew enough to be able to make his bets online and check any email that came through. He was more of a smartphone person, though he admittedly was one of those who agreed that technology wasn’t as ‘smart’ as people gave it credit on being, but that was the sign of the times now. And not for the first time, he sighed, wishing the world was the way it used to be.It had been almost a year since Preston found himself in Shippan and it was a year where he was utterly bored and restless. Not knowing what the future would bring now that people had returned, Martin felt it was better to just lay low and see what would happen; but that wasn’t who Martin Preston was. He was a go getter; he hadn’t gotten into Hollywood by just sitting around and waiting for things to happen, he made them happen and he was going to do so again.It was a bland Wednesday and Preston had been on the phone for the last two days trying to convince Lonnie to give him a chance to act again. Before the accident, Martin Preston still held a youthful look about him, despite his age; after the accident, all the scarring and physical rehabilitation made him look and feel his true seventy plus years, but he wasn’t going to go out like that. Some of the most popular actors were in their seventies or older and if they could get work, if they could get knighted by the damn Queen of England, then you bet your britches, Martin Preston was going to get on that action.Lonnie, dirt grubber that he was, could always give as much sugar as he wanted, but was usually pretty truthful with him. The name of the game these days were the big blockbuster action films or the laugh out loud comedies; B-pictures weren’t really the style, unless it was a retro showing or found on the whatchamacallit streaming pieces. And while Preston hadn’t completely lost his physique, people weren't paying to see him shirtless.And of course there was that little snaffu about being recognized when he was supposed to be hiding out. You can’t really be protected by the government if 1. They didn’t know where you were and 2. You were showing your mug all over the big screen.Cantone had a point, but that’s when Martin had a brain buster – voice acting.It wasn’t his first choice – he always thought people who did voice acting were just too scared or too ugly to be on screen – but he’d heard from his younger lady friends that voice acting was where it was at now; animated features and cartoons were the big ticket items and not just for kids. Studios realized that adults like watching animated stuff, even the shit their kids liked, and not just the weird Japanese animeme or whatever they called it.And voice actors made a pretty good living; in many cases, they didn’t need to move to work on a movie and the whole Snap and Blip situation made working easier as studios were a little more caring about keeping people in comfortable places and environments.Again, Preston wasn’t crazy about it – he didn’t want to be behind the scenes, he wanted to be in front – but, as Cantone insisted, that was a dumb move that could get him killed. So, reluctantly, Martin gave his go ahead for The Deal Maker to find him some cartoon jobs or whatever. He needed the money, to be honest – traveling, eating, and sleeping weren’t as cheap as it used to be and losing all that money on the track hadn’t suddenly come back when everyone else did.He was happy his bank hadn’t just cut him off completely, their standards doing a 360 degree turn around when it came to loans or any sort of financial help. If he wasn’t careful, he’d find himself like one of those people in Westview.Martin had just hung up the phone when he heard the doorbell. While he had the occasional neighbor stop by or a lady friend to tide him over, it was rare that the former actor actually received visitors. Walking to the door, he peered out the peephole, seeing two men dressed in suits and patiently waiting for him to answer. Preston couldn’t stop the small gasp that left his mouth, surprised that this day had actually come after so much time of peace and quiet.He didn’t like it, but maybe he could convince these guys to let him stay, especially if no one else knew he was there and he could still keep a low profile. Opening the door with a sigh, he greeted the two men. “Gentlemen.”“Mr. Preston,” the man on the left replied, removing his shades. He was in his early fifties, with brown hair that grayed at the temples; he looked like a military man, as did his literal right hand stooge that stood next to him, proudly trying to intimidate with his large frame and imposing look. “My name is Tyler Hayward and this is my associate, Mr. Monti. We’ve been looking for you.”Preston sighed again. “Yeah, I figured,” he said. He took a step back, while opening the door wider. “Come on in then. Let’s get this over with.”Leaving the door open so the men could walk in behind him, Preston turned and began to head into the living room and assuming the other two were following. What he didn’t see was the smile that crossed Hayward’s face, nor the way his eyes darkened for a brief moment.“Yes,” the former director murmured. “Let’s.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter VI
  
  Esopus, New York, US

  Ulster County, West of the Hudson River

  The Recommissioned New Avengers Facility

  Day

   
The smells of food and coffee began to bring life back into the new Avengers Compound, rousing the other team members who had lingered. Clint, normally up early in the mornings anyway, soon arrived after Wanda had, a still groggy Bucky behind him two minutes later.The former soldier nodded a greeting to both Vision and Hope, taking a large plate of pancakes the synthezoid handed to him and sitting at the dining table. Soon the others stumbled into the common area, each gratefully taking a fresh plate of pancakes and joining Bucky at the table.Like dinner the night before, breakfast was filled with funny antidotes of similar breakfasts of the past, of morning training sessions led by Steve and Nat, of morning runs that drew complaints for all who participated (even Vision, who at the time didn't understand why he had to run when he could easily fly; that complaint than become twin groans as most of the time, he ended up walking besides Wanda who wanted to enjoy their budding friendship).Even when on the run, their ringleaders wanted to ensure everyone was able to take care of themselves, while they struggled to take care of others. Staying under the radar while on the run was hard enough without being former Avengers, especially for former Avengers who still wanted to help, who still wanted to do what they had signed up for.Not every meal was great - "Camping without the pleasures of camping!" Sam joked - but when they could, they tried to make the best of it. Vision, under the guise of 'bringing the rogue Avengers to justice' was often the person who managed to supply those Avengers with extra food and goods, the synthezoid wanting to repair the damage that had he himself had been a part of, the different ideologies that had torn his new friends apart.It was as much an olive branch to the other as it was a romantic gesture towards Wanda, even when Vision held no illusions that the former brunette saw him as anything but her strange android best friend."I hate to bring up work during breakfast," Sam began, hurriedly chewing the bite of pancake in his mouth. "But Torres just got back to me about an update you should hear.""Same," Rhodes replied. As Vision had predicted, the colonel didn't start his coffee drinking until he'd sat down with breakfast."We may have something as well," added Wanda. "Apparently Stephen called at some point and left me a message.""You think this is all connected?" asked Scott."It would be counterintuitive of us to not see the commonality of the situation," Vision murmured. "It does seem extremely unusual that there is an influx of items appearing in the criminal underground, with a number of them being either Stark inventions or magical apparatuses.""I agree," Bucky said. "This is too coincidental, which means that nothing good is going to come of it.""You’re just a little pocket of sunshine in the mornings, aren't you?" quipped Hope, smirking at the silver armed man.Breakfast finished quickly, with Clint already starting to wash dishes before the others had even finished eating. The group collectively gathered within the conference room, Wanda excusing herself to go upstairs to check the messages that were apparently waiting for her."Hey Friday," Sam began, wasting no time in starting their meeting. "Can you get a connection over to Lt. Joaquin Torres, 547th Intelligence Air Force? He should be expecting my call.""Doing it now, Captain," the AI replied. "Rhodes, you're getting an incoming call request from Maj. Burrows.""Perfect timing," Rhodes mumbled. "Put him through.""Should we wait for Wanda?" Scott asked, taking a seat at the table and giving Vision a look."I can fill her in," the synthezoid replied, nodding to the two military men to continue with the briefing.Within moments, two holographic figures appeared before the table. A young Latino man in his mid-twenties, with short black hair and a matching light beard emerged left, while a tanned, elder gentlemen around forty, with sandy brown hair appeared on the right. Both were dressed casually, the younger man in a light t-shirt and jeans and the elder man in a dress shirt and slacks.“Excellent,” Sam says, nodding to the two. “Thanks for picking up, Torres, I know things are getting rough over there.”“Same ole, same ole,” replied the younger man, giving his commander a smile. “Nice to see you again, Sam. You too, old man.”Barnes chuckled at the greeting. “Hope you’re staying out of trouble.”“Not his style,” Sam quipped, chuckling softly. “Let’s get down to business,” the colonel said, starting the meeting. Gesturing towards the man on the left, he continued with, “This is Maj. Richard Burrows of the Defense Cyber Crime Center, under Special Investigations. He’s been helping me get a trace on who might be selling some of Tony’s stuff behind our backs.”“And that’s Joaquin,” Sam introduced, pointing to the younger man. “Lt. Joaquin Torres, 547th Intelligence Squadron. He was instrumental in helping us keep a lock on the Flag Smashers.”Lt. Torres chuckled. “What he means is, I got my ass kicked.”“Nice to have you aboard, Lieutenant,” Rhodey replies, nodding to the young man. Gesturing to those around the table, he introduces Scott, Hope, Clint, and Vision before realizing that someone was missing. “Where’s Wanda?”As though her ears were burning, the red haired witch made her way inside the conference room, taking the chair to Vision’s right and apologizing quickly for her tardiness.
  You have something?
“Yeah,” she whispered, matching the look her husband was giving. “I think I do.”Rhodes quickly introduced her to Burrows and Torres before turning over the meeting to the new Captain America. “Thanks for meeting with us today,” Sam replied. “I know you’re both in precarious positions right now, so the help you’re giving us is deeply appreciated. And maybe we can return the favor.”Torres nodded. “So I’m guessing you’re all up to speed,” he said, addressing the room. “I’ve been keeping an eye on any activity from the Flag Smashers, though at this point, it’s mostly sympathizers to the cause.”“I thought the GRC was actively trying to help those that had been displaced when everyone came back,” Scott said.“Well, thanks to Sam, they’ve made a point of actually doing just that,” Torres replied. “But…it’s slow in coming. There were five years where they weren’t helping and suddenly, a year of living in crumbling structures, lack of food or medical supplies…they’re trying, but for some…”“It’s too little, too late,” Wanda murmured, looking up at the young lieutenant. She understood the feelings of hopelessness, of helplessness when trying to get assistance, especially from a country’s government. Sokovia had been deep in a bitter war for as long as she could remember; in fact, there wasn’t a time where there wasn’t gunfire, power outages, or bombings.It had been a daily life for her family and then ultimately, a struggle for survival when all the fighting left just her and Pietro.“That’s not to say that people aren’t grateful,” Torres continued. “They are, but some are still impatient. Which of course makes people wonder if the Flag Smashers are still around and if that ‘car malfunction’ wasn’t the GRC trying to get rid of them for good.”“So you don’t believe that was an accident then,” Hope said, raising an eyebrow.“It was a little too convenient,” Bucky responded.“I’m looking into it, but the trail’s gone cold,” Torres stated. “But the thought of the GRC being involved has gotten people suspicious and eager to avenge those that died or at the very least, try to get to the bottom of what happened.”“That’s where the sympathizers come in,” added Sam.Torres nodded. “The guy we caught is Ivo Balodis,” he said. “Originally from Latvia, he actually was one of those that had been snapped, while his sister and her husband remained. They ended up taking in a few people that had been on the streets and they just continued doing so after everyone came back. Unfortunately, a few of those became members of the Smashers and while his sister didn’t necessarily agree with the violence, both Balodis and his brother-in-law decided to help the cause.“He’s holding back on some things, but it sounds like his in-law was the one who stumbled across the dark web, which led to the black market. Within the last year, that’s when they started noticing a lot more heavy duty items coming online.”“That tracks,” Burrows said, his heavy tambor showing a slight mid-western accent. “My department has been tracking the use of Stark tech ever since World War II. Full disclosure, there’s a lot of military applications that Stark Industries has been responsible for, some good, some bad -” His eyes drifted over to Wanda as he spoke, inclining his head towards her in a sympathetic gesture. “But usually regulated, especially when the younger declared himself Iron Man at a press conference. Needless to say, having that technology on the black market, where enemy combatants can get to it, is something we want to avoid.”“Forgive me, Major,” Vision replied. “But I feel it’s necessary to remind you that half of the people in this room were once considered ‘enemy combatants’ and are currently sitting in a restructured facility that was funded by Stark Industries.”Burrows, to his credit, only smirked at the mild criticism, his lips quirking up into a grin. “I’ll rephrase,” he said. “And clarify. For me, enemy combatants are those who threaten to usurp or disrupt the daily lives of anyone on this planet with ill intent; I certainly have never believed that anyone in this room has the capability nor interest in doing that.“But in our current world, you may be in the minority. With the appearance of Thanos and his actions, the criminal underground has not only grown, but has thrived; the problem with the black market is the fact that there’s so many elements to it and we’re just concentrating on one. In South Asia alone, nearly 63 million guns are trafficked into the area and ten years ago, it was the 9th largest criminal market.“What do you think that number is now, considering what’s on the market at the moment?”The implications were clear."Honestly," the young lieutenant said, his embarrassment seen through the bluish holographic image. "I had no clue that any of Tony Stark's items were flowing out. At least not until Sam mentioned it. It explains why Balodis had what he did in his possession.""Your suspect just ordered a rocket launcher and a highly combustible chemical element off a website?" asked Wanda, looking at the two images incredulously."The Internet is awesome," Scott piped up, smiling happily. "And I'm saying this as someone who gets most of his Christmas presents from Amazon. But that's because you can get anything online and if you're good enough, you can get anything you want, talk to anyone you want, and still cover your tracks like you were never there. I mean, that's kinda the whole basis of my business and...how I landed in jail in the first place."Scott normally didn't enjoy speaking about his three year prison sentence, especially when he had gone from that to being a fugitive in less than a year. A lesser person may have believed that doing the right thing - uncovering the dirty dealings of a conglomerate and helping people that were greatly admired fight against a system that was prepared to lock up any enhanced individual for trying to help - as fate telling them that doing good was stupid.Why bother when the world clearly thought doing so wasn't worth the effort?But that wasn't who Scott Lang was. Even if he had been deeply dissuaded by events that happened, the hero known as Ant-Man had a duty to his family, most importantly his daguther, to be the man they knew he could be. He may have been a hero, but he wanted to be a hero for Cassie, the man she thought he was and wanted to be.And Scott was lucky enough to meet people who felt the same - Luis, Dave, and Kurt were not only supportive and helpful friends, but they were great employees and coworkers."Mr. Lang is correct," Burrows said. "The flip side to the ease of access the rest of us enjoy are people who use it for ill will. And now, if Lt. Torres' suspect was able to get his hands on Stark weaponry, that puts us at a huge disadvantage.""He's not the only one," Rhodes stated. "Thunderbolt's getting a little peeved that I'm not hanging out in seedy bars and hotels, waiting to get the drop on anyone using a computer.""Yeah, well," Sam smirked. "The secretary isn't known for his patience.""Or trust," murmured the synthezoid under his breath."Don't start," the airman chastised, before turning back to the two holograms. "You two have any leads on who the seller is? Or where any of this might be coming from?"While Torres shook his head, Burrows nodded. "I've got a list," he answered. "Some well-known names that we've been tracking for a while, but just couldn't get enough evidence on to stick. Others seem to be small time hoods that just happen to get lucky.""Are you familiar with the name Super Danny?"All eyes turned to Wanda, mostly in curiosity and confusion. Burrows looked off screen for a moment, seemingly checking his notes or the list he had mentioned. "Yeah," he said, turning back to the group. "He's one of those small time hoods that got lucky. After the snap took out some of the key crime bosses, he managed to weasel his way to a good position near the top of the food chain. We don't have a name other than his handle.""This about your call from Strange?" asked Rhodes.The witch nodded. "Stephen and Wong were at the hospital morgue in Boston," she said. "Apparently, a young man ran afoul one of the magical items that we've been looking for and...it killed him. But according to his girlfriend, the whole reason he had it in the first place was to sell it to someone known as Super Danny. They don't know anything past that point.""Magical items?" asked Torres, his eyes wide and his head turning to look at the major at his side.The major in turn didn't change his facial expression, which was one posed in suspicious wonder. "The rational side of my mind would like to point out that there's no such thing as magic," he began. "Though that would seemingly be contradicted by the fact that I'm talking to members of the Avengers, however I'm under the belief that your strengths lie in technology, not the supernatural."The young witch wasted no time in actively displaying her powers for the two, just a simple presentation of her powers weaving slowly through her fingers and across her raised right hand. "Don't be too sure, Major.""Whoa…" Joaquin whispered, entranced by the display."To be fair, Maj. Burrows," Vision explained. "The Infinity Stones are not and were not objects of technology, but elements of existence. Is it so hard to believe that even with the vast amount of technology at our disposal, some things defy even the most rational sense of logic?""I'm a seeing is believing sort of guy, Mr. Vision," Burrows replied, though he nodded at the synthezoid. "Ten years ago, I would've told you there was no such things as aliens, but as we all know, there are far more sentient beings in this galaxy than we ever thought. On that basis, I'm open to at least hearing what this is all about."Vision turned to look at Wanda, silently asking if she wanted to take this line of questioning or if he should. Nodding her consent, Vision turned to look back towards the front of the room. "Doctor Strange had previously discovered that items of a magical nature were appearing in different parts of the globe," he explained. "Unannounced and uncovered after centuries or millennia of not being in sight. Needless to say, they are not being discovered in a museum or archaeological endeavor.""But by helpless kids hoping to make a quick buck," Bucky replied."Indeed.""The reason why this is important, Maj. Burrows," said Wanda, finishing her husband's assessment. "Is that these items are also being found and sold on the black market.""Which means it's only a matter of time before someone gets their hands on something they shouldn't," Torres surmised."That seems to be the case already," Burrows said. "I assume your topic of magic is in regard to the small statue we found on a suspect in Belarus.""Precisely," Vision nodded. "The fact that your suspect stated he bought the statue has some very troubling connotations, especially when that particular statue shouldn't be on anyone's list to sell.""Out of the frying pan and into the fire," Burrows muttered. "Not gonna lie, Rhodey, wish you hadn't invited me into this kitchen of yours."The reports died down after that, with both updating their fellow officers on other matters before confirming they would be in touch. With the conversation over, their holographic forms disappeared, leaving the remaining Avengers in the conference room considering what they had learned."What do we do now?" asked Scott, looking around at everyone."Well, we can't just start tracking down everyone using the black market," Clint replied. "That would take too long and it would send us in a bunch of different directions we may not want to go down. I think the best thing would be to try and narrow down what we've got right now.""Well, what do we have?" Hope questioned. "Weapons, Stark tech, and magic all on the criminal underground. Where exactly do we start?""We start with what we know," Clint said."Which is?" hedged Bucky."We currently know of two suspects in custody," Vision stated, standing from his chair and pacing slowly around the room, a habit that was a clear holdover from his time in the compound with Tony. "One who was caught in possession of weaponry from Stark Industries and another in possession of the Aedicula of Shepesh, with the former having a connection to the previous incarnation of the Flag Smashers."And now, as Wanda as reported, another person has managed to find something that has gotten him killed. Furthermore, his death is in direct correlation to a known seller that Maj. Burrows was seemingly aware of." Turning to face the others from the back of the room, the end result of the path of his pacing."What does that tell us?" he asked."Something or someone has to be tying this all together," Bucky responded. "There's always someone at the top."Hope leaned across the table, her eyes boring into the former soldier's. "You mentioned this Power Broker yesterday," she said. "What's their story?""From what we know," Sam began. "They're the new boss in Madripoor, able to run the underground there with a pretty firm hand. So far, we don't have a name or a face to the person behind it, but we know they were the key behind the Smashers getting their hands on the super soldier serum. Even got a former HYDRA agent to recreate the serum, under the same program that started it all."Bucky managed to hold his reaction as Sam spoke. Speaking about the aspects of his past no longer haunted him the way it used to, the words that would circle around  his mind and through his veins no longer causing him to panic at the thought of what could happen.What he could possibly do.The spike of fear was slight, only a small, heightened sense of awareness, that his past was tied into a much bigger world; a different world that he hadn't truly been able to explore or enjoy. Like Steve, Bucky had been hidden, under ice to speak, only coming out of his trances when requested and only having a vague sense that something had happened. That he had done something terrible, that they had made him do something unspeakable.He was still in the process of understanding that it hadn't been him, that it had been HYDRA pulling the strings and that he couldn't completely blame himself for what had happened, but as he once told Steve, he had been the trigger man; he had been the one to fire. He had been a good soldier like that, followed orders when told, and killed the people his handlers had wanted him to kill.Feeling eyes on him, he turned to meet the green eyes of Wanda, who looked at him with a strange look on her face, intrigued but also concerned. He nodded at her look, a quick and silent assurance that he was alright, as much as she could possibly be asking. He didn't truly understand Wanda's powers - something about being connected to the Infinity Stone that had once been in Vision's head - but from what Steve and Nat had explained to him, it gave her telepathic abilities, among others.Whatever other explanation had been, the mention that she had also been an agent of HYDRA made him immediately sympathetic, especially when he learned that was how she and her brother had gotten their powers in the first place.“So what’s our next move?” asked Hope.“I think the best course of action should be to question the suspects in Malta and Belarus,” Vision supplied, pacing his way back to his seat.“Yeah, that might be a problem,” Clint interrupted, leaning back in his chair. “As Vision helpfully pointed out, some of us are still on Ross’ naughty list. The Accords state that we can’t operate outside of the country without approval, not to mention that a good portion of us still haven’t signed them.”“Bucky and I have some leeway,” Sam said, shrugging. “It helps to be the new face with the shield, but I’m not sure how far that extends and I haven’t been forced to sign, at least not yet.”“Vision and I should be fine,” Rhodes added.“Uh…”For the past year, Vision had struggled with his new viewpoints on humanity, the conflict between his previous incarnation, the one S.W.O.R.D implemented, and the one that was created when the two merged. In the past, he had often found humans to be wonderfully complex, their odd dichotomies pushing them on whatever path they headed; it was something he watched, first from afar and then from within with his teammates and then his wife. But he never thought he’d ever experience it for himself. And then the Avengers fell apart and Vision found himself with the choice of choosing his duty over his feelings.His feelings won out.His fidgeting was a sign that he was once again presented with a choice or rather, the aftermath of a choice. “That might not be exactly true,” he muttered, shifting in his seat. Looking up at the colonel’s confused face, he clarified with, “I’m supposed to be dead, remember? And I’m pretty sure my own travels would technically go against the requirements set forth in the accords.”“Not if you’re dead,” Bucky responded. “You’d be shocked with what you can get away with when people think you’re dead.”Rhodes sighed, knowing the synthezoid was correct. Despite having a hand in getting some of the major points of the Accords being ratified, there wasn’t a whole lot of action in changing the actual document. Ratifications take time, both on a domestic and global level. The process had been started by Tony in the after the unofficial parting of the group, after Tony had realized the mess they were in and after he had calmed down over the whole affair.The idea had of course started with Vision, the only active member while Tony recovered emotionally and Rhodes recovered physically. The time it took for committees to get set up and discuss whether or not the synthezoid should go help a village in need, while Ross had him on call to depart and go wherever the rogue Avengers were. The pushback had gotten ugly and even Rhodes had succumbed to just outright ignoring Ross on the best of days.“Maybe I can talk to Ross…” the colonel sighed, fingers rubbing against his temple as the mere thought of having to call up the secretary gave him a literal headache.“I could speak with him,” Vision spoke up, only to get a stern look from Rhodes.“Oh hell no,” he said, vehemently. “Absolutely not, especially when the last time you talked to him, you told him to go F himself.”All eyes were on Vision, wide in shock, though whether it was from the thought of the synthezoid cursing or the comment he had made to Secretary Ross. “Vision!?” Sam choked out a surprised laugh.“I never said that,” Vision persisted. “I just replied to his question. When he asked about the purpose of an upcoming vacation I was taking, I merely told him to keep his nose out of other people’s business and that maybe he should be a little more concerned on where his current poll numbers were in relation to his position.”“Did you happen to say it in that tone?” joked Bucky.Vision had the grace to look away in shame. “It may have been similar, yes.”“Damn, V,” Hope murmured, looking at him with an impressive eye.“And then,” Rhodes continued, clearly trying to remain stern in relaying the incident. At the time, he had been just as amused and shocked as the others, however he also had to be the one to limp himself in between the elderly general and the synthezoid, hoping above all else that the two wouldn’t come to blows.He also had to stop Tony’s uncontrollable laughter that just made the situation worse.“He makes it worse by calling him, and I quote, a ‘bloody wanker’ as soon as the line cut.”“In my defense,” Vision said, raising his voice above the guffaws and laughter that started before Rhodes had even finished his story. “In my defense…he is one, so…”“I am so proud of you,” Clint chuckled.“Don’t be proud of that!” Rhodes exclaimed. “God, you’re worse than Tony.”Vision couldn’t help the quirk of his lips, both in part of the memory of that event and the feeling of Wanda’s fingers drifting across the back of his neck. Turning his chair to look at her, he matched the smile that sat on her face.“I’m a horrible influence on you.”“Yes,” he said, loving the adorable way she scrunched her face at his statement. “Yes you are.”When the laughter died down, the group was still left with the lingering question of what their next move was. No matter what their choices would be, the Sokovia Accords were still a sticking point in actually trying to get anything done; both Clint and Vision had been right in their assessment of the current and former members of the Avengers.Any official report would most likely state Sam and Rhodes had the authority to work outside of the US, thanks to their own military contracts and service; even Bucky could have certain leeway, mainly due to his service during World War II. That couldn’t be said for the rest, not when Scott and Clint were most likely still being observed, even without their ankle monitors.Hope just by virtue of her name and family had been high on the list for those who violated the Accords, thanks to the technology behind the suits she and Scott wore. And of course, there was the issue of Vision and Wanda; despite whatever assistance they may have provided, there was no way their names weren’t the very first on Secretary Ross’ list of people he wanted housed in the Raft.There were complicated odds, but when had the Avengers shied away from insurmountable odds?  A lot of things can change in a hundred years.At one hundred and seven, Bucky hadn’t seen the passage of change the way he would’ve liked. The passages of time had been seen, then removed, then wiped, then seen, over and over again, like a record on repeat that never truly stopped. When he had been born, the United States had just entered World War I after the sinkings of the Lusitania and an Italian liner by Germany. When he was a year old, the war ended.Twenty-one years later, Bucky would enlist himself in the Army to fight the great war. He had tried to talk his best friend out of joining up, noting that while the kid had heart, he didn’t have the stamina or the stature to make it.But then when had Steve Rogers ever listened when someone told him no?Steve had been determined to serve his country, to stop people like the Nazis and HYDRA from preventing people to freely live their lives. That was the reason he volunteered for the super soldier serum; it was the reason he’d been one of the first defenders of the Maximoff twins.A hundred years can make a lot of difference, even if it takes that long to make change. When Bucky was born, silent movies were all the rage, the very concept of moving pictures still something of a phenomenon to the eyes of eager movie goers; vaudeville was finding its way out of favor with audiences, though many performers would find growing fame in the growth of both radio and then television.When Bucky was serving, radio was the entertainment medium – it was where you got the news on the war effort, entertainment to take your mind off the war itself, and the ability to communicate to fellow soldiers while on the field. When he fell from that train and when Steve went into the ice, the war was winding down; they had, hopefully, made a difference.The years that went by was a literal blur most times. HYDRA only brought him out when they needed someone killed and the Winter Soldier didn’t need to know about the latest fashion or the newest programs out in the popular culture. So when Bucky finally understood who he was, remembered who he had been, it was 2016, an election year, and one that saw growing crises around the world. Viruses, bombings, shootings, earthquakes…A world in turmoil to match the state of mind the former soldier was in.It would take two more years, two years of living peacefully in a Wakandan hut before Bucky felt like the man he had been back before the war. Only for him to lose five years thanks to Thanos. Once again, he’d lost a large amount of time and things were again radically different.Standing in the hallway of a new Avengers building was just the tip of the iceberg for the way the world had changed. Back in ’43, Bucky had stood with Steve inside the Stark Expo, neither having an idea of what that name would mean to them at the time. Howard Stark had been a showman even then, giving a demonstration of a hovercar that quickly stopped hovering, but the technology gave way to something more and something bigger.The something bigger was just the continuation by his son.Bucky didn’t know Howard Stark as well as Steve did, hell, he didn’t know Tony Stark that well either, not that the latter was ever going to be friends with him after his role in his parents’ death; but Bucky had not idea just how far the Stark name went and how far the genius behind it really was.After coming to a road block on what their next move was, the group broke apart and left the conference room. Both Clint and Wanda wandered off in order to make phone calls, while Scott had stated he had an idea and rushed off, also grabbing his phone and dialing quickly. Sam and Rhodes decided to go for broke and see just how far they could get with the travel necessary to speak to their suspects.That left Bucky, Hope, and Vision, all three seemingly at a loss of what to do. That is, until Vision asked if they wanted a tour of the facility.“I thought this was your first time out here,” Hope questioned, giving the synthezoid a look.“It is,” Vision replied. “But I also have a map of the entire compound and its surrounding areas.”“How’d you get a map?” asked Bucky.“I asked Friday for it.”“How…?” Bucky looked at the being before looking up and then back to Vision. “Oh. Uh…I get it. I think.”Vision chuckled, smiling at the sergeant. “It is a complex explanation,” he said. “But in essence, I am able to communicate with Friday and other Stark related technologies through a sophisticated neural interface that connects our systems together and through the systems of Stark Industries.”Bucky just stared at him. “Uh huh.”“Vision and Friday can talk to each in tech speak,” Hope clarified, looking to Vision to see if she had made the right analogy.He nodded, impressed by the simpler answer. “Essentially,” he agreed. “Though far be it for me to know all the ends and outs of the facility, however I believe should we encounter any issues, Friday would be more than happy to us.”“Oh, would I?” asked the AI, the sarcastic tone lightened with a humorous and breathy huff.“Come on, now,” Vision said, his eyes glancing up towards the ceiling. “Be a dear.”“I’ll help if you get lost,” F.R.I.D.A.Y responded. “I certainly don’t want to be on Wanda’s bad side if I tell her you somehow got trapped in the walls. Again.”“Do not start.”“You got trapped in the walls?” Bucky asked, following the synthezoid as he quickly began to walk towards the stairs.“It was a one time miscalculation that could happen to anyone with the ability to phase through objects.”And that was how Bucky found himself in the main hallway of the compound, looking around at the architecture, the tiling, the lighting, and the people that roamed the halls. While he still carried around a substandard smartphone versus the high tech ones he’d seen his therapist and teenagers use, Bucky knew enough about computers to hijack equipment if he needed.He knew enough, but he didn’t know all the ins and outs of it; certainly not at the level Lang had if he’d been able to hack into a company and get sent away for it before starting a business. However, for all that Bucky knew or thought he knew, he’d never seen anything like this.“I went to Howard Stark’s first expo in 1943,” he murmured, noting that Vision and Hope had begun to move towards the area under the nearby stairs. The former stopped at the sentence, waiting for the man to continue both in his speech and his walk. “He showed off a prototype of a hovercar that barely got off the ground before crashing back into it. Howard did a lot of stuff…but leave it to his son to do even better.”“Howard did a lot of work,” Hope replied. “Mostly war profiteering…”“Hey,” Bucky said. “That war profiteering is what helped us win the second war and a couple other ones, too. It’s not great, but it helped. Howard’s the one you can thank for Steve and S.H.I.E.L.D and Tony.”“I know,” Hope replied. “My Dad was in the Army, right before he was recruited into S.H.I.E.L.D. And afterwards, Howard Stark tried to steal my dad’s formula.”The two stood before each other, a dare on who would break the stare or the silence first. “I would like to prevent any blood shed from happening on the compound’s shiny new floors,” Vision said, coming up to the two. He didn’t believe there would be actual blows, but the tone of the conversation had most definitely soured, something he noted whenever the Stark name was brought up in discussion.While both father and son had been visionaries in the field of science, engineering, and technology, there was no shortage of people that had been ‘rubbed the wrong way’ by the duo at some point.“However,” he continued. “If you’re both amenable, I was going to show you the newly rebuilt training area. That should give you both ample space to beat each other bloody if that is your intention.”Hope broke first, sighing and giving the red faced being a slight glare. “How do you manage to say something so logical in a tone that conveys a parent chastising their child?”It was supposed to be an insolent quip, but it clearly had the opposite effect with the synthezoid’s reaction to it. If it was possible for his face to lose its coloring – without the help of a shady government organization – it did just that or at least the shocked expression he gave was a close alternative. Both Bucky and Hope went to speak, but were interrupted by Vision nervously clearing his throat.“I’m not sure if that was my intention,” he chuckled, uneasily. “Though if it worked to calm any…tension between you two, then it was certainly worth it.”“Vision,” F.R.I.D.A.Y called. “Sam is calling everyone to meet him in the training facility in fifteen minutes.”“Perfect timing.”“Also,” she continued. “Wanda wanted me to notify you that she has gone to speak with Doctor Strange at the Sanctum Sanctorum and she should return by the time everyone is gathered there.”Vision couldn’t hide his surprise, but his wife’s departure did make sense. Stephen often worked better when he could visually see a problem, not just hear about it, and it was in the doctor’s personality to most likely insist that Wanda come to them versus just relaying their new information via phone. He was just surprised that she hadn’t said anything to him before leaving, which was unlike her.He wondered if it had anything to do with the nightmare she’d had the night before. With the group gathered around, their meeting, and her checking messages, Vision hadn’t had the chance to ask more about it, especially when she had stated that she had seen Billy in the dream. For as long as Wanda had been able to hear the boys, randomly has it been, she had never once seen their forms.At least not before now.“Would you like me to send her over when she returns?”The voice brought Vision from his musings, a noticeable uncomfortableness rising in the realization that he had been lost in thought with an audience before him. “Yes, please,” he said, nodding. “Don’t bother showing her way, I can do it when she gets back.” To the duo before him, he said, “If you’re still interested in training beforehand, the facility is this way.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter VII
  
  Esopus, New York, US

  Ulster County, West of the Hudson River

  The Recommissioned New Avengers Facility

  Training Area
 450 square feet greeted the trio of Vision, Bucky, and Hope as they entered the designated training center. It was a large, rectangular structure, seemingly odd when there was only one official Avenger, however the space was enough for War Machine to go through drills, as his suit and his own abilities expanded.The original training facility had been slightly larger, given the many members that would need to train inside and Tony had made sure to enable obstacles that played against their strengths and upped their weaknesses. After defeating Ultron and gaining Vision, Wanda, Sam, and Rhodes, Tony - despite stating he was not at all a full time member - had made sure that Steve and Nat had been able to conduct training in his absence and create environments that would test their newest team members abilities.The philanthropist also gave his fellow leaders the ability to create and change the environment as they saw fit. The holographic images that were programmed worked for a bit, but it was nothing when compared to real threats, something physical that could actually test the might of the Avengers and those that would be eventual in the field. In retrospect, if Tony had known about the threat of Thanos or even what Ultron, Crossbones, and even Baron Zemo would do beforehand, he would have incorporated those scenarios into the training regime.Rhodes - as War Machine - had learned more about the threats of the modern world and its new environment after Thanos' snap, to the point that he essentially programmed the facility to meet the threat levels he actually encountered in the field. Given the training area's abilities, the active colonel had started creating his own programs, reliving past encounters, and thinking over incidents where he just had to wing it.It was this blank slate that the trio entered into, an empty space that only held a two flight stairway that led up to an encased control center at the top. From their vantage point below, they could see Clint and Scott had beaten them there, both standing within the squared room. The control center was equipped with an advanced training simulation program, backed by the ever watchful and curious eye of F.R.I.D.A.Y.While the team could program various situations, either those that were already supplied in the database or ones manually concocted, the AI was the actual person behind enacting those commands, along with tracking the vitals and performance of anyone using the facility. As with any type of training, the goal was to analyze and learn how their actions here would relate to their actions in the field.The original members often used the area to work on their teamwork, working together collectively instead of individually as they had normally done before. Getting over personality and ego hangups was the hard part and when done in the field, one that could cost thousands, if not millions of lives, not just their own.In most situations, their actions actually helped matters and War Machine was able to see how his actions had affected the course of the conflict. But sometimes - and this was one of the changes he wanted to make sure was a part of the new training - sometimes, the actions of the Avengers only caused harm for those not involved in the conflict. And that had long reaching connotations.That was the whole point of the Accords in the first place.Despite any good the Avengers did, those signed treaties were the bane and overall dictator of their actions. Rhodes believed in the Accords, he did; he believed that they should have some sort of oversight that would stop them in the cases where they went too far. But he definitely put his foot down at just jailing people because they had power or when they tried to help and things went south. That sometimes happened on a mission and it was nothing they could actively had planned for.Collateral damage. Friendly fire, he had told Vision once.But Tony had been obsessed after Lagos; his original idea of wanting to rest easy, a shield around the world - essentially allowing the Avengers and any other masked or unmasked superhero to retire, to enjoy a normal life with loved ones and family that wouldn't be targeted because of who was in that family - had been blown apart with Ultron flipping out. Then Wanda had to go and blow up a building - he never blamed her for that, never even considered her actions as harmful, not when she had literally saved hundreds or thousands in that square...However, most people didn't see it that way. She had still killed a hundred people and all it did was remind people that she had been both survivor and catalyst for what happened in Sokovia. Why else would they name the restrictions after her home country? Not only did it bring heat down on the team, but it called into question all those people in New York who had enhanced abilities. Tony was able to keep the Parker kid under wraps, but there were still others in the city who weren't Avengers - official or otherwise.There was the private dick and the lawyer who worked in Hell's Kitchen, seemingly taking care of the riffraff that hung out there or were too small an act to be a blip on the outer-worldly jurisdiction of the Avengers, S.H.I.E.L.D, and S.W.O.R.D. In the heart of New York City was the giant Baxter building that was home to scientist Reed Richards and his family, who liked to go out and play crime fighters every once in a while.And that was just New York. Tony couldn't protect those groups, but he could protect the Avengers and he had done what he thought would help them and maybe even ease his own conscious. Which it didn't and only managed to heap more guilt on his soul. But as much as Tony agonized about the split and how his former teammates and friends were treated, he knew there was still a place for them in any form and clearly, Pepper had been more than aware of that fact when she decided on the rebuild for the complex.The new Avengers training facility didn't seem like much, but Vision was well aware that looks were very much deceiving. He knew that the facility could easily change appearance to whatever the team needed to deal with, a testament to Tony's thought process and perhaps that of Rhodes' own experiences out in the field. While the area as a whole didn't seem to offer much, something Bucky and Hope noticed immediately, there were a few surprises that Clint and Scott seemed to be preparing to unleash.The area was similar to the hanger, with open space to move around and was guarded against any type of structural damage from their resident members. Spare white space concealed areas where obstacles or opponents could randomly pop up, creating a surprise element that the team wasn't expecting, putting them on guard and focusing them to think in the moment and perhaps change their mindset in the field.After all, field missions were nothing like the training sessions."Welcome to the Avengers' new training area," F.R.I.D.A.Y announced overheard, right as the trio walked through the automatic doors. "A state of the art training facility, specifically designed for the activity of the Avengers. Customization is available to directly create situations and scenarios that the team will occasionally and randomly encounter in the trajectory of their life span."The facility is equipped with multiple variables that the Avengers could encounter while on field missions, including a variety of volatile opponents that should test the abilities of each team member. I have analyzed and cataloged the abilities and weaknesses of each member, ensuring that each restructured event allows for the team to not only be successful, but also to work against weaknesses that could possibly be exploited by notable foes.""What does that mean, exactly?" Bucky asked, brow furled in confusion to the explanation."It means that Friday has calculated the percentage rate of any victories or defeats we encounter," Vision supplied. "She ensures that any deviation of our actions has been accounted for, so that we might learn from any success or any failures that might happen."Hope nodded. "She learns," she said. "She sees what mistakes we make.""More like we learn," Bucky countered. "Friday ensures that we know the mistakes we made, so we don't make them again. That's smart. We have to learn from what we did..""Precisely," Vision noted, nodding at the assessment. "But more than that, it gives us the ability to review our actions. Not that the conditions that happen here will happen out in the field, but it does give every member of the team the opportunity to see how their powers relate in a mission and how the rest of us can correspond to that power."Bucky nodded. "Makes sense," he said. "You have to know who's got your back and they have to know you have theirs. Comes in handy when you've got a bunch of different powers crisscrossing across the field.""All it takes is one mistake," Vision murmured, his blue eyes distant, the gears that made up his irises spinning wildly for a moment. "One miscalculation, one misstep when gauging one's powers and we hurt the people we are tasked to protect. Or we hurt each other."There was something in his tone, in the way he had phrased his words that told Hope the synthezoid was speaking from experience. The previous members of the Avengers had been at the forefront of what happened in Sokovia with Ultron and then again in the incident that happened in Lagos. Scott had told her the clash in Germany had pit the team against each other and while it hadn't been anything remotely personal, it had been an actual fight.In fact, it had only been while he was on the run that he learned things only seemed to be personal between Stark and Rogers; that pretty much explained why the rogue members or even the official team didn't seem to prevent the 'secret' relationship that was happening between two of its members.Before Hope could comment, the doors opened to reveal both Rhodes and Sam walking in, both of them dressed in their uniforms. The War Machine armor had been updated in the time Vision had last seen the colonel, the grey metal replaced with a shinier steel that the being could almost mistake for the vibranium that covered parts of his own body. The face plate was open so the trio was able to see his face, a small smile of greeting as he walked in.It was Sam, however, who garnered the most reaction. While Bucky had seen and worked with Sam in the last year, the sight of him as Captain America never ceased to put a smile on his face. The discussion between him and Steve over giving up the mantle had been an easy and quick decision; Bucky didn't want to fill those shoes, the shoes of his best friend and brother, not because they were too big - that too - but mostly because he wasn't what that shield and that mantle meant.And he hadn't been for quite some time.No, that legacy needed to go to someone that would not only respect what it meant, but who was the kind of man that understood the power of it, the power behind it. In hindsight, Bucky and Steve never once considered what that would mean given Sam's race and the issues that conveyed both in the states and around the world. They had just known the man that Sam was, his personality and his heart; Sam was the kind of man who knew people, who understood them and their issues, probably more so than Steve did.Looking at him now, more confident than he had been when he first donned the uniform, Bucky still managed to be awed by the sight. Turning to look at Hope and Vision, he could see they shared the same sentiment, Vision especially as he had known Sam well before Bucky had. "Look alive, everyone!" came the booming voice of Clint over the loud speakers. "The Captain's in the house! Hey Cap, do we stand at attention or salute you now?""Everyone can just relax," Sam chuckled, looking up to the control booth. "Except you, Barton. I want push ups from you.""Aw, don't do that, man," Rhodes replied. "You know Clint's old. He'll never get back up.""Aren't you older than me!?" came the indignant cry."You look awesome, Sam!" exclaimed Scott, his enthusiastic reply clearly heard in his voice. "Oh, I'm totally going down there!"Sam couldn't stop the deep laugh that came from his throat, even Rhodes chuckled at the younger man's excitement, watching as he made his way downstairs. "You'd better, Tic Tac, cause we're gonna need you.""It suits you, Sam," Vision replied, nodding to him. "And I'm guessing that's part of the reason why you've gathered us in here.""Hopefully it won't take long," Rhodes spoke. "But we're trying to get clearance to speak to our current suspects, as well as handle anything that might pop up. It might be a long shot, considering, but we need all hands on deck for this."
   Where are you? 

   In the training facility. Follow the signs. 

   I'll be down in about five minutes. 
"Speaking of which," Sam asked. "Where's Wanda?""She's on her way," replied the synthezoid. "Give her five minutes or so.""How do you know that?" asked Bucky."Oh, Vision and Wanda are telepathic," Scott huffed, coming to a stop next to Hope. He was already dressed as his Ant-Man persona, sans the helmet. His comment immediately caused both Hope and the Winter Soldier to look at Vision. In turn, the red faced being just helplessly shrugged, saying, "Scott is somewhat mistaken, though at the current moment, his assessment is...not off, technically." Both Bucky and Hope looked at him confusion. "It's complicated." And why are we all in the training facility?  came the mental response.
   If I had to hazard a guess, I would think for a training exercise. 
No sooner had Vision sent his response, his wife walked in through the door, slightly surprised to see both Sam and Rhodes dressed, confirming Vision's statement. "You boys didn't need to get all dressed up for me," she joked. "I was only gone for about thirty minutes.""It was too long, Red," the captain retorted. "Was almost afraid I'd go the entire day without you seeing my new digs.""Careful, Captain," Vision quipped. "That is my wife you're talking to."Again, the atmosphere was so reminiscent of their former lives, despite the turmoil and upheaval the previous years had left on them. "Hey," Clint piped up, still in his position at the top of the room. "Not that I don't enjoy the fun, but I thought we came in here to train. Or rather,  I  came up here to watch  you  train.""Old bones ain't what they used to be, huh?" quipped the red head."Sam, she's making fun of me.""Alright, alright," the captain snickered. "Clint's right. If we get the go ahead to work outside the US, for all of us, then we need to make sure if things get rough, we know how to handle it. I know most of us just fought off the baddest of the bad with Thanos and individually, we may have paired up to take care of a few loose ends. Now...I'm not expecting to form a new Avengers team or anything, but like I said, I'm grateful for any and all the help any of you can give me."But with that said, if we are going to work together, then we  need  to work together," he continued. "And that means we need to know how we work when we're together. The good thing is, a lot of us  have  worked together; it's been a while, but it shouldn't be too hard to remember."Wanda and Vision exchanged a look at the man's last statement. The last time they had fought together had been across the tarmac at a German airport and before that, a quick training exercise before the others were to depart to Lagos. At the time, Vision had been up in the control room, facilitating the movement and coordination below; his appearance would have given the group away, so it was decided he would stay behind.It had been one of many regrets Vision felt.For Wanda, her last time fighting with the others was during the attack on the original compound. It had been five years since Wakanda and five years since she watched the purple behemoth murder Vision. Wanda had no idea the full range of her powers, only that when she saw Thanos, when he cruelly replied that he hadn't even remembered the pain she had put her through…There were no other thoughts...just that he would pay.She would make him  pay.Then in Westview, Agatha had shown her, had literally told her who she was and how she had come to be.The Scarlet Witch. A mythical being said to be the harbinger of death and destruction.She had killed those people in Lagos.She had killed Vision.She had pushed forward the idea of Ultron into Tony's mind.She had unleashed the Hulk in Johannesburg.She had nearly destroyed the people and town of Westview."What?" Rhodes asked, seeing the passing look between the two. Neither were in any hurry to answer, in fact it looked as though they were both guilty about something they didn't want to discuss."Sam," Vision began. "I'm not sure you're aware…""I know about Westview, V," the captain replied. "Or rather, I know something happened there and I know neither of you is jumping at the bit of sharing any of that and I get it. And I know that after five years and whatever you two are working on with Strange, that it's probably upped your power levels a bit…""You don't know the half of it," Vision interrupted."And maybe one day, you'll tell it to me," Sam countered. "Or any of us. But right now, I know you're both powerful and I know you might be reluctant to use that, but I know you.  We  know you and we know that neither of you would ever use those powers against those who didn't deserve it."It was difficult to not show the outward feelings of shame the couple felt, because despite the new Captain America's words, they had done exactly that. And Vision - even after checking, rechecking, and even getting F.R.I.D.A.Y to check and cross-check - wasn't entirely 100% sure he wouldn't somehow go rogue at any given moment."But I wouldn't ask if I didn't need or want the help.""Yes," the synthezoid began, clearing his throat nervously. "Yes, of course, Sam. Wanda and I are at disposal."The red head nodded. "Whatever you need."“What I need,” the man stressed. “Is for you to trust me. And if not me, then everyone else.” Looking around at the rest of the group, he said, “And that goes for everyone here. We need to trust each other, cause without trust, this is gonna south real fast and real bad.”“Wow,” Scott breathed, in awe. “He even gives inspiring speeches.”“Isn’t that a requirement of being Captain America?” Rhodes joked, sending a playful but gentle elbow into Sam’s arm, once again causing the man to chuckle.“Hey Cap,” came the archer’s voice from above. “We gonna get this show on or what?”“So how does this work?” asked Hope, looking around the barren area they stood in. “Do you want us to like…fight each other in pairs or teams?”“You making us do drills?” Bucky questioned.“Oh Bože,” Wanda whined, memories of Steve doing the exact same thing on the field outside. “Please don’t.”“It’s probably better if we show you,” Rhodes nodded. Looking up at the figure in the control booth, he shouted, “Give us something nice and easy, Clint! And nothing too sketchy!”The man upstairs gave a mock salute before turning his attention to the controls before him. The previous quartet of Avengers were aware of what the former training facility could do and while three of those members looked forward to seeing what the new technology would hold for them, it didn’t quite match the excitement and curiosity that Bucky, Scott, and Hope had as they watched the room begin to change.For the first three minutes or so, nothing seemed to happen and then, starting from the back of the room, a large square platform began to rise from the floor. It was 4 inches by 8 inches and held a dark blue flag hanging from a slender, silver pole that stood about 7 feet centered in the middle of the platform. The flag itself also had the Avengers logo, done in a light blue to match the flag.Outwards from the single platform came a series of multi-colored walls, each in varying sizes and thickness, and each placed randomly throughout the room before coming to a stop about five feet from where the group stood. “Now that’s something I’ve never seen before,” Bucky mumbled, eyes wide at the structures that now occupied the floor.“Capture the flag?” Wanda asked, glancing towards the two black men to her left.Rhodes shrugged. “I did say to keep it nice and easy.”“This is incredible!” Scott exclaimed, just managing to keep his anticipation under control until the area had stopped transforming. “I’m guessing this is a mix of carbon…wait, no…this is nano-particles on the quantum scale. Are you using QDs or a form of CQDs? Is there structure processed through the control panel or is Friday helping to manipulate…”“Nope,” the colonel interrupted, waving the brunette’s endless questions away. “No. You and Vision and Friday can sit around the campfire and discuss quantums and all that fun stuff you like talking about, but now is not the time.”Scott – and Vision – deflated at the news, disappointed that the budding conversation would need to be tabled for the moment. “You can get into the science of everything later,” Sam states, his voice jovial, but now with an edge of authority that’s reserved for pulling the troops together. Steve had a similar tone, but it never seemed to draw the same response from Tony as the black man’s does to those around him.“Capture the flag,” he continued. “If you’ve never played it, the objective simple – you capture that flag.” He gestured towards the Avengers flag at the back of the room. “But if getting the flag were easy, we wouldn’t be doing this. This field is set up to have obstacles that we have to get around, even the walls could become dangerous, so watch out for those. More importantly, this is about watching out for your teammates and the danger they might be in.“This game always trips people cause they inevitably, predictably go for the flag first, leaving their teammates behind and easy pickings for the other team. We have the advantage somewhat cause we don’t need to have a group keeping watch over the flag, but you can bet Barton programmed getting the flag a lot harder than it looks.”“You got a plan?” Bucky asked. Sam nodded.“We got odd numbers, with Clint in the booth,” he said. “But I think we can manage it. Hope, Scott – your job is to get the flag. The rest of us will cover you. I figure if you two are small enough, any opponents may not bother with you when they have bigger targets to hit.”Hope nodded. “I just need to get my suit,” she said. Her boyfriend nudged her arm, before holding out his hand, her own suit resting there for her to take. “Aw,” she cooed, taking the small uniform with careful fingers. “Thanks, babe.” Turning back to the captain, she said, “I just need five minutes.”“You got it,” Rhodes replied, nodding his head to the right. “There’s a dressing room to the right, women’s I think is the second door. You can change in there.”A grateful nod was the young woman’s response, turning quickly to the direction indicated to change. “Scott, fill her in when she gets back,” continued Sam. “Buck, you’re our ground cover. Use the walls to your advantage.” Looking at the remaining four, he directed, “Figured the four of us would provide air control. You two take the right, Rhodes and I’ll take the left.”“Still can a pin drop from a mile away?” Rhodes asked, smirking at Vision.“If you’re asking if my vision is still better than yours,” came the retort. “Then the answer is yes, yes it is.”It didn’t take Hope long to get changed, arriving back dressed in the gold and blue mesh suit of the Wasp. Sam nodded to her before reaching into one of his side pouches. “Before I forget,” he said, removing something first and then opening his palm to reveal three ear pieces. “Uncle Sam has a gift for you.”“Have you been waiting to say that all day?” Wanda quipped, taking one of the ear pieces and placing it in her ear, Scott and Hope following suit.“No.”“Yes,” Bucky and Rhodes retorted. The group began to head to their assigned places, Scott eagerly retelling Sam’s plan to his girlfriend. Rhodes threw the Maximoffs a look, asking, “You two gonna get dressed or what?”Despite the last two days of uncertainty and fear when it came to demonstrating their individual powers to the others, for some reason the idea of a quick showing, the transformation from the Maximoffs or Victor and Penny to that of The Vision and the Scarlet Witch was a little bit thrilling. Vision never had issues when switching from his casual clothing to that of his avenging garb, even when wearing physical items.The very structure of his body, originally, had been a combination of artificial organic tissue and vibranium with the ability to generate synthetic cells when the ability called for it. After his dismantling at S.W.O.R.D and then the incorporation of the conceptual being created by Wanda, that body’s structure had, ultimately, changed.Vision had tried to explain the idea to F.R.I.D.A.Y, in a way the AI could understand and possibly relate to. He used the idea of a replication database, how a copy could still function without the originating source; that’s what Wanda had done in Westview. She had created a copy of him, using the piece of the Mind Stone that lived within her. Hayward had tried doing that too, except he had been working with the original body, but a lack of the physical connection that had brought him to life and facilitated his living.But that was a simplistic explanation to something far more complex.While the Vision of the past could easily form clothing and could transform from his human disguise while in physical clothing, it was incredibly rare that he needed to switch from regular clothing to avenging clothing. His new construction – the powers of the conceptual Vision combined with the originating, yet altered, body of the true Vision – had granted him unique abilities.One being the ability to absorb the physical into his own body.He didn’t truly understand it himself, liking it to a rather reverse process of how both Tony and Rhodes could live inside the Mark IV and Mark V suits and then step out of them as though walking out of a closet. Or the better comparison would be how Wanda could now easily go from her clothing to that of the Scarlet Witch.Not keeping the rest of the group in suspense any longer, the two easily made their costume changes. Vision had been keeping his new uniform a secret, even from Wanda, curious to the idea of trying something different and apart from his previous look.His suit was still the mesh style that showcased the strength of the vibranium that lined his body, but instead of the metallic grey blue coloring that had been his signature for so long, the suit was now black. The geometric patterns around his chest and shoulders were still maroon, but the dark background managed to highlight the coloring.The gauntlets that protected his forearms were gone, instead the meshing solidified itself. His cape was the one thing he didn’t change, it’s golden hue still vibrant as he flew behind him; it was the first thing – the first human thing – had observed and copied, a reflection on the respect and gratitude he had for the Norse god he’d lifted it from.Wanda’s outfit was always something Vision would never tire of seeing, but it was confident way his wife had embraced her powers that made her stunning. She still worried, of course, about the prophecy that had been told in the Darkhold, but the former orphan wasn’t alone anymore. Even if this was to be their very last mission with the Avengers, Sam had always been true to his word; if they ever needed anything, he was sure the new Captain America would be there for them.And that didn’t even cover Clint or the Barton family as a whole. As far as they were concerned, both he and Wanda were honorary Bartons and had been for years; Clint loved Wanda, fatherly tendencies always rearing themselves and certainly their teasing enjoyment of each other reminded each other of the siblings that had been lost, but never forgotten.“Whoa, Wanda!” Scott exclaimed, awed by the woman’s sudden appearance. The others were equally stunned by the look, though it was more the new attitude the young woman had and just her dress style alone. “How’d you do that?”“Oh yeah,” she shrugged. “I’m a witch now.”“Huh,” Bucky replied. “That’s handy.”“A witch?” asked Scott. “Like a ‘witch’ witch? Like double double, toil and trouble?”“You can start the simulation, Clint!” Rhodes shouted, following Sam as he walked to the far left end of the floor.“She’s not standing around a cauldron,” Vision chastised, floating above the ground.“And I’m certainly not quoting Shakespeare,” Wanda added.
  Side note, darling, that would be a fantastic Halloween costume idea.

  You gonna be my sister witch? I mean, looking at you now, you look incredible in black. Are we in matching suits?
“I never said that,” groused the man, huffing as he materialized his helmet. “And when did you two start wearing matching uniforms? Not that I don’t like it, cause I do. You’re totally in the running on my list of favorite couples.”“I’ve missed you guys,” Sam said, also rising into the air.Clint began the simulation, controlling the appearance of random turrets that would occasionally pop up from behind the pre-built walls. At the back and theoretically protecting the flag, were two stationary turrets with automatic gunners that were set off by movement.As instructed, both Scott and Hope shrunk down and proceeded up the middle of the field, with the former calling out for a few ant reinforcements, jumping on one that flew by, giving Hope back the use of her arms and taking the advantage to push herself forward. The four flyers moved quickly to disable the turrets, who also moved when detecting movement, but were allowed more free movement than the stationary ones at the back.As such, they followed the trajectories that Sam, Rhodes, and Vision made to the best of their abilities, however they did count on the ground presence of Bucky nor the magical powers of Wanda. The Winter Soldier was primed and bred for this, his tactical military training gave him the edge when it came to shooting, his sniper training lending to his effectiveness that bled over as a trained assassin.His metallic arm, now powered with the might of vibranium steel, was no match to the bots that he encountered. And what he missed, very rarely, Sam and Wanda had his back.Clint observed the chaos that went on below, feeling a tinge of nostalgia and the urge to go down to assist, but he had been serious in the conference room the other day. He was officially retired unless something extremely big came up and if so, he had a back up for that; after the Blip, losing Laura and the kids, and his time as an assassin, the archer didn’t want to give up his family time for anything.And as watched everyone from below, he was confident that he would be leaving things in good hands. He wasn’t at all surprised at the way Wanda and Vision worked together – he’d seen them in action only a few months earlier – but he had to admit that the others were equally impressive. In the two cases he was able to witness the team work like this, he was on the one of the opposing teams and the other, he was running for his life with an Infinity Stone encrusted gauntlet in his hands.Sam had said he and Bucky had been working together against the Flag Smashers in Europe and it certainly showed. The two worked seamlessly with that shield, as though it was a weapon and protection for both of them; when a turret had turned to shoot Bucky from behind, Sam had immediately thrown it through the gunner, only for the former soldier to turn, snatch it from midair, before spinning to toss it through a turret that had been ahead to his right.Rhodes had always been overshadowed by the bombastic Iron Man and the genius inside, but clearly the active colonel had managed to stand on his own; he could tell with the way Rhodes tended to be the parallel voice to Sam’s and even leading when the younger man didn’t. Rhodes was good at both taking the lead and being support. His calls to his teammates to keep focus, watch their sixes, was the sign of a strategist that could see everything that was happening on the field before him; but War Machine was good at being support, too.He and Sam still worked well together, despite not having done so in quite some time, and surprisingly, he and Vision managed to stay in sync, the armored man able to work within the choreographed movements the synthezoid held with his wife.Scott and Hope, the smallest members at the moment, were still picked up on the monitor, F.R.I.D.A.Y’s tracking abilities homing in on the two as they flew towards the flag. Clint didn’t know much about Hope, other than Scott had a huge crush on her and had felt horrible about his actions in Germany, even if it did mean he got to spend more time with his daughter.“Scott,” Vision communicated. “You and Hope are about to encounter a hostile opponent, 14 degrees to your left. He’s hidden behind the wall.”“I see him, V,” Rhodes replied, the solid object nearly blending in to the construction of the wall. He extended an arm and shot an energy blast at the wall itself, dismantling it and destroying the turret behind it. The explosion however was large and would have no doubt knocked Scott, Hope, and Adam Ant – the name Scott gave his flying steed – into the next wall or worse.Thankfully, Wanda anticipated the action, throwing up a red tinged barrier between the explosion and the two small fliers. It did leave her open though, something a turret took benefit from by shooting at her and barely missing her shoulder.“Vision, heads up!”The American shield bounced off one wall, cutting through another turret before making its way to Vision, who promptly showed the offending machine why you didn’t mess with his wife, slicing the turret in halfway before tossing the shield to Bucky, with a polite, “Sergeant” as it hit the soldier’s and then other turret.With all the other action happening, Clint almost forgot the fact that Scott and Hope had been on the way to capture the flag until a large buzzer sounded, revealing the two returning to their actual size, flag pole happily grabbed by the former.“Good job, you guys,” Clint replied over the speakers.“How we lookin’?” asked Rhodes, powering himself down to the ground, meeting Wanda as she did the same.“Not bad.”Clint left the control tower, closing the door behind him and heading down the stairs. “Not bad at all, actually,” he continued, coming to join the group on the tiled flooring. “I mean, this was just one test. And you didn’t have a handsome archer on hand, so…”“And I knew there was something missing,” Sam joked.“That must’ve been it,” Vision added.  A thirty minute cool down gave most members the ability to shower and change, making it a perfect opportune time for Clint to say his goodbyes. “I’ll contact some of the folks I know connections at S.H.I.E.L.D,” he said, shaking hands with both Sam and Bucky. “I also know some people around the areas, maybe they can get more info from the source.”“I appreciate it, man,” Sam replied. “And thank you, for coming out. I know how much you hate being interrupted when you crochet or farm or whatever it is you’re doing at home now.”“Oh, he’s working on interior decorating,” Wanda snarked, rolling her eyes as Clint threw a look at her. “Has a real knack for it.”Glancing at Vision, he said, “You know, it almost sounds like she’s not enjoying those cabinets we put in your kitchen.”“Here we go.”“I’m not engaging with you in this, Clint,” Vision responded, diplomatically. “Seeing as I’m the one sharing a room with Wanda and despite the fact that those are very lovely cabinets, to the point where I would almost say they are the pride and joy of the house…”“I blame you for this,” groaned the red head.Nodding to Hope, the archer instructed, “Try to keep an eye on these guys.” He then pointed to Wanda and added, “Especially this one. She tends to be the troublemaker.”“Go on,” the young witch laughed, shoving the elder man towards the exit. “I’ll be nice and walk you to the door.”Clint gave a friendly nod to everyone, before turning and joining Wanda as they walked down the hallway leading back to the main staircase. “It’ll be weird, doing this without you,” she said, glancing at him as they walked.“I’m sure you’ll be fine,” he replied, smiling. “As much as you all barely function without my sweet, handsome face, my wife misses it just as much.”“You know I could literally just transport you home.”Clint laughed, throwing an arm around her shoulders as they headed downstairs. “I’ve had enough teleportation to last a lifetime, thank you,” he said. “Besides, I’m sure you should be using that for more important things.”“Sure, sure.”Compatible silence lingered between them as they reached the ground floor, Clint’s arm turning into a side hug once they did. “What if we need your help?” the young woman asked.“You’ve got it,” he said, turning her to face him. “You know that, but you’re good without me. Besides, push comes to shove, I’ll send in the ringer.”Wanda’s face morphed into surprise. “You think she’s ready?” she asked.“I’m not asking her to join,” Clint chuckled. “But I don’t see why she couldn’t. And she’s good kid, reminds me of someone actually.”“If you say me…”“Oh, what?” he laughed. “You? No, no, no. She’s like a friendly puppy; you’re more like an angry cat.” That got him a punch to the chest that only made him laugh harder.“You know I’m a witch now,” Wanda huffed. “I can totally put a curse on you.”“Can you?”She went to answer, thinking about the response, before saying, “Maybe.”“Aw, kiddo,” he smiled, pulling her into an actual. “I’m gonna miss you. That of course does not mean that you and Vision are off the hook and can’t visit. I know where you live now, so don’t think Laura won’t send me to your house if we don’t see you.”It was Wanda’s turn to laugh, well aware of Laura’s fierceness when it came to family, her and Vision included. “Yes, yes,” she giggled. “The last thing I want to face is the wrath of Laura Barton.”The former archer pulled back to look at the woman’s face. “Hey,” he whispered. “You okay?”“Yeah. Yeah, Clint, everything…everything’s good.”“Cause if you need me,” he reiterated. “Either of you…you got me, yeah? You just need to call and I’m there.”“I know.”Wanda opened her mouth to continue, to tell Clint everything that had happened. If there was anyone could understand her actions in Westview, it was him. But she didn’t. While Clint might have understood, there was also the higher chance that he’d be the most disappointed in her; even when they fought against Ultron, Clint had been one of the first people – even before Vision – who had oddly and faithfully believed in her, before she had even believed in herself.Instead, she just nodded. There would be time to reveal everything, once this thing with Stark’s items, the black market, and magic items was fixed or at least brought down to a level that wasn’t nearly as concerning…she, they, would tell him then. “You’re right,” she said, looking at him. “We’ll be fine. Everything will be okay.”Clint nodded, though it was slow, as though he was thinking over her words. He knew Wanda, had known her for some time, and he couldn’t help the fact that it felt like she wasn’t telling him something. It was her, certainly, but it was the stuff you didn’t know that always came back to bite you in the ass. Nonetheless, he gave her one last hug and a fatherly kiss to her forehead before letting her go and making his way towards the glass doors.“Give Laura our love,” she called after him.“Always,” he said, giving her a small wave before pushing his way out.Wanda stood and watched him go, as much as she could through the doors. He’d most likely take a car to the airport and fly home, ironic considering the number of people who could fly on the team and the various quinjets they had on site, but she had long since learned that Clint enjoyed the solitary aura of driving or flying, especially when he knew the type of chaos that would be waiting for him once he got home.She had loved that about the Barton farm, that familiar feeling reminding her of the home she had in Sokovia. Granted, she had a small family compared to Clint’s growing one, but it was still enough to elicit the same thoughts and emotions. The first time at the farm, right before they had officially moved into the facility, had been difficult, the very environment reminding her too much of home.Now…now instead of remembering her home in Sokovia, she remembered the home she had created in Westview. She and Vision had started fresh in Leonia and while the house was perfect for them, it was clear her husband had designed it for a family.Their family.And right now, they were missing two members of it.Shaking herself from her thoughts, Wanda instead turned back the way she came and making a beeline towards her room in the facility. She glanced over as Rhodes reached for a mug while in the kitchen, no doubt grabbing himself a cup of coffee for the afternoon and the last one he’d most likely have for the day; Bucky had planted himself on the couch, seemingly scrolling through the vast library of movies, TV shows, music, and other entertainment choices offered by the facility.“Try the box set of I Love Lucy,” she said, as she walked by, pointing to the entertainment center under the TV. “Nothing satisfies quite like the classics.”Bucky nodded. “Spasibo,” he thanked, the foreign language just springing from his tongue without thought and bringing a redness to his cheeks. The former soldier did his best to not switch languages, unless otherwise instructed or ordered to, but sometimes, his brain just switched tracks without warning.“Naravno,” came the reply, Wanda either not noticing or caring about the language change, certainly not when she herself had been making more of an effort to remember her own heritage. And how could she possibly be bothered by a language she and Nat conversed in while on the run? She was much better at keeping the ability to read the surface thoughts of others to a bare minimum, to the point where she could easily block them out without an issue of effort.But sometimes, especially if the feelings were strong enough, they’d hit her without warning when she least expected them and Bucky’s thoughts were just loud enough, but fleeting just barely to be picked up. She made a conscious thought to speak to him more, considering they hadn’t really known each other well in the past few years, but as she neared her borrowed quarters, her thoughts turned towards her husband.Despite his amalgamation of robotic and synthetic structure, Wanda never seemed to have any issue when it came to sensing her husband’s emotional state. Even when he tried to do his best to hide it, their connection to the Mind Stone always placed them on the same level, emotionally and spiritually. The combination of magic and cosmic power had apparently strengthened the link between them, deeper than it had ever been before Thanos’ arrival.Reaching the door, Wanda entered, spotting her husband walking the carpeted floor as though waiting for her. “Looking for me?” she announced, making him stop and face her as she walked in.“Always,” he said, smiling slightly. A lesser person might have thought everything was fine at that moment, but Wanda was not a lesser person and certainly not when it came to Vision. His smile was there, but it didn’t reach his eyes and those showed that he was concerned about something.And that something was her.“Vizh?”“Clint leave okay?” he asked.“With the threat that he’ll sick Laura on us if we don’t visit.” Vision chuckled. “What’s wrong?”There was a literal split second before Vision decided to be truthful about his concern. “Nothing so concerning, darling,” he soothed, holding a hand and waiting for her to take it before pulling her to him.“I’d believe that if I didn’t know you,” she whispered. Placing a hand on his chest, she said, “Tell me.”Vision sighed, but gave the required answer. “I’m just worried about what you may have learned while at Stephen’s this morning.”“That’s not it,” she huffed, but there was a smile on her face as she said it. “And I’m sorry I didn’t tell you personally that I was leaving.” He seemed to relax at the apology. Ah, she thought. That was it. “However, I honestly thought I was just going to update Stephen and Wong, while retrieving a plate.”“I take it there was more for them to tell us?”Vision watched as her expression clouded, almost guarded, like when she was reluctant to tell him something.
  Wanda?
“Agatha contacted them,” she began. “Or Stephen rather, but she did indeed contact them.”She could feel Vision stiffen at the mention of the elder witch’s name. It was no secret that neither the synthezoid nor ancient witch were fond of the other and it seemed they barely tolerated each other for Wanda’s sake and even that was tenuous at best.“And?”“And,” she sighed. She pulled her hand from his, moving the one on his chest, and instead wrapped them around his waist. She positioned her chin against his sternum, looking up at him as he gazed down at her. “She was able to trace the Darkhold, after it was stolen from her house. She traced it all the way to Winooski.”“Winooski?” he asked, surprised. “You mean to say that the book of sins was sitting the very facility we went looking for answer from?”“If only,” she grunted. “You know my luck’s not that good. And it apparently didn’t last long, because it was suddenly heading back out towards the facility Hayward escaped from.”Vision frowned at the information. The Darkhold, the very book that held their sons’ souls, had been in their purview and they had managed to miss it. And then to hear that the book had been in the vicinity that Hayward had been held at made even less sense.“Vizh,” Wanda scolded, picking up on his feelings almost immediately. “She’s not lying.”“How do you know?” he asked. “It would certainly be in her interest to keep us looking for something that has been in her possession this entire time. And I’m sure her visiting Doctor Strange has nothing to do with information gathering.”“Okay, now you’re just being mean.”“I’m being truthful,” he huffed, pulling away from her and restarting the pacing he’d been doing earlier. “And cautious. Agatha has proven her desire, first and foremost, is to herself and no one else.”Wanda again sighed. She couldn’t fault Vision for his feelings, especially when his statements were very true. “I’m not going to defend her,” she said, taking a few steps towards him and grabbing one of his hands as he tried to pass. “But I also can’t dismiss her, not when she knows more about that book than we do. And I’m telepathic, Vizh, and she can put as many spells on herself that she wants, but she knows better than to trick us on this. Especially this, because she is well aware of the consequences if she crosses us again.”It wasn’t great, but it was enough to pacify Vision for the moment. Wanda was correct; they had both shown the elder witch neither of them could be trifled with, not when they knew of her true intentions and not where it came to their children. Speaking of…Taking the hand that held his, Vision raised it to his lips, dropping a few kisses across her fingers and the back of her hand. “Forgive me for my rashness, ljubav,” he said. “I seem to be more and more clouded by anger these days.”“You’re always forgiven,” she whispered, cupping the side of his head with her other hand. “And I would expect the father of my children to do and say whatever it took to protect them and me.”“Always.”“But that’s not what’s really bothering you.”“No.”“And?” she repeated, smiling up at him.Vision shook his head in embarrassment, but he couldn’t exactly hide his worry. “I had wanted to ask how you were,” he said. “After your dream last night.”Wanda used one of her hands to run down her face before running her fingers through her hair. "It was nothing," she stressed, shaking her head. "The only important part of it was that I saw Billy. It's been so long since I've seen him; since  we've  seen him.""Did he seem alright?" he murmured. "No worse for wear?""He seemed fine," she said. "I mean, he was scared, something was frightening for him, but physically he seemed okay." She sighed then before turning a guilty look up to him. "I'm sorry, Vizh," she said. "That I never told you about the boys' abilities. They just sort of...happened and, it didn't even seem out of context with everything else that was happening.""When did you first discover them?""On Halloween," she said. "Remember? Or...maybe you don't.""No…" he began, his thoughts whirling. "No, I remember."Oh he remembered Halloween, all right; that had been the final straw for him when it came to Wanda's duplicitous nature and he had been determined to find out exactly what was going on. He had skipped out on trick or treating with the boys, instead handing the reins over to the man claiming to be Wanda's brother, and leaving his little family for the night in order to a 'neighborhood watch'.At the time, the decision made perfect sense, but now it seemed he had missed something of importance - the emergence of his sons' powers and their first trick or treat session. He searched his thoughts, wondering if the conceptual portion of his brain had felt this was just one time, that there would be other times to take the boys around the neighborhood.How ironic, when the season was quickly approaching and he had no sons to actually go trick or treating with.Wanda must've sensed his melancholy about the event, as he felt her hand on his cheek. "Vizh, you couldn't have known.""No," he sighed. "I suppose not, but you did. You had tried to tell him the importance of the action and I ignored you in favor…""In favor of discovering answers that neither of us knew," she interrupted. "And you did.""And nearly died because of it.""That's how Billy knew about you," she whispered. "He knew something was wrong and he told me he could feel you were in trouble. That's...that's why I extended the bubble. I couldn't lose you again."Vision nodded, slowly, his own hand covering hers as it rested against the side of his face. This revelation should've been more shocking than it was, but yet, in some way he had known the boys had some sort of powers or else he wouldn't have allowed them to stand with the two of them as S.W.O.R.D vehicles came roaring down the street towards them, as Agatha and the reassembled, soulless version of himself hovered around the small family."Wanda…" he said, before shaking his head against it. He wanted to know more about what he had missed, but he turned his focus so that it was back to the present instead of the past. "Assuming Agatha is correct, that would mean that the Darkhold made its way towards or to former director Hayward. Are we sure that it's not in his possession?""I wouldn't worry about that," she huffed, rolling her eyes. "I highly doubt Hayward would want anything that reminded him of me or you, for that matter. I'd be more worried about the fact the book could be circulating in the underground, just waiting for the highest bidder. that's what actually concerns me. Can you imagine?""No," her husband stated. "Nor do I want to. The book should never see the light of day, honestly, the amount of destruction Agatha created alone is enough to keep it out of the hands of others.""Well, hopefully we can stop whatever dirty deals are happening before the book falls into the wrong hands."What neither Wanda nor Vision knew or could know was that the latter's assessment was actually the correct one. However in Concord, their black market problems were seemingly rising. Sidney Walden Hewitt, otherwise known as Sonny Burch, was in the process of planning an upscale party, one part to reintroduce himself to the community and the other to reestablish himself among his peers.The inventory brought to him by Danny were all in perfect condition, so instead of just sitting on such items, he decided now was the time to announce his return. There was more merchandise, of course, and getting his hands on even minor plans for Stark tech was a feat in itself, but it was the magical items that really interested him. Dan had brought him several of those, each one more intriguing than the other.The small crystal skull he had seen through the video supplied was even more fantastic in person than just looking through a small phone screen. It was actually much lighter than Sonny had thought, not that he held it for very long, given the recent unfortunate nature of handling magical items apparently. But everyone knew that dangerous also equaled more valuable and higher priced and Sonny was planning on using that to his advantage.His original thought was to have the party at the restaurant, but decided he wanted to have a bigger invite list and that meant having a bigger estate to hold it in. Luckily, Burch had made some connections while running his little bistro, thankfully the restaurant was high end enough that many prominent members of the area were more than happy to come to, happily discussing whatever was happening in their work or personal lives.that's how Sonny got word that there was an estate for rent in the upper part of the county, a lovely three storied mansion that was equipped with a basement wine cellar. It was set apart from the other homes in the neighborhood, without a neighbor for at least a mile, meaning that Burch could conduct business without anyone nosy stopping by randomly. And with a large cellar, it meant he could keep guests on the first floor and run his auction in the basement, where people could enjoy the wine, meats, cheeses, and expensive, high quality black market merch.He was planning on only the most influential people for the first floor and only the highest bidders for the basement. The best thing about all of it, it wouldn't cost him much; he would be catering his own party and only using some of the hired muscle to act as bodyguards and waiters. The idea of a guest list was tempting, but he didn't want to mix party guests with participants, especially when many probably wouldn't be using their real names.And the last thing he wanted was for people to know who he was and what he was doing. He definitely didn't want to go back to prison and he was certain there wasn't another evil tyrant alien coming to the planet to decimate it, at least not during the week of his party he hoped.It was a lot of work, but it would all be worth it.And Sonny Burch was never wrong.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter VIII

   
  
  Stamford, Connecticut, US

  Long Island Sound

  Shippan neighborhood

  Harbor Drive Condo, Home of David Collin Porter

  Day

   
David Collin Porter was a youthful looking man, despite being in his upper seventies. Hayward thought it was strange for the book to direct him to this man, the former actor known as Martin Preston, especially when he didn't understand what an actor had to do with working on the plans they were putting in place.When the book had directed him to Cresskill, telling him that his answers and ultimately a large piece of their puzzle could be found there, Hayward didn't want to be skeptical, but it was an odd place to go. The city wasn't far from Westview and Tyler had half a hope that the book was leading him to the fugitive Maximoffs, fulfilling both of their purposes.However, the drive up to the city was a bust, the book having detected...something and immediately telling him - and thus Monti - to continue driving up to Connecticut. If Monti thought the whole trip incredibly weird and a big waste of time, he determinedly kept those thoughts to himself, lest he anger his superior. The drive itself, a mundane thirty-five minutes, was done in silence, Monti in the driver's seat and Hayward in the passenger seat, reading.The voice Hayward heard through the book had gone from a mere whisper to full on conversation at times, especially as they got closer and closer to Stamford. The voice had grown louder the more he read, directing him to certain passages within the book, but hiding others from him, stating that he wasn't ready yet, but he would be. This Martin Preston character would give him the power to be ready.Monti, the ever dutiful stodge that he was, played directly into the book's machinations, keeping his thoughts and opinions to himself, while ultimately defending its use for its new master. The servant would be rewarded for his loyalty, when the time came.For now, the two former S.W.O.R.D agents were walking into the small hallway of one David Collin Porter, the former actor leading them into the living room before turning and going into the kitchen. "You gents want anything?" the elder man asked, pouring himself a whiskey neat into a small glass."I'll take a water," Monti replied, taking a seat in one of the leather arm chairs. Hayward continued to stand, shaking his head."I assume you two are here about my...impromptu vacation," the actor replied, walking into the living room and taking the other arm chair across from Monti, sliding the glass of water across the small coffee table. "Look, in my defense, I honestly was just going on a short little drive and while I was gone, the town was held hostage or something. So isn't it better that I wasn't there?""You were in Westview?" Monti questioned, leaning forward in interest, before glancing quickly at Hayward.Preston gave them both a look. "Yeah," he said, slowly. "But you should know that already. Aren't you two with what's his name? Monroe? Montez? Whatever the hell his name is.""We're here on another matter, Mr. Preston," Hayward said, staring down at the man. That's when Preston quickly noticed a few things. For one, these two clearly had no idea what he was talking about and they certainly weren't dressed as feds. The second thing was that the man calling himself Hayward hadn't taken a seat, instead he stood over him menacingly.Third was the fact that the man held a book in his hand, a very familiar book that Preston hadn't seen in well over forty years, causing his eyes to widen and his frown to grow deeper on his face."Where did you get that?"Hayward brought the book up slightly, looking at it before turning his gaze back upon the former actor. "It's recently come into my possession," he said. "And it's told me a lot about you, Martin."Preston licked his lips. "Well," he began, clearing his throat nervously. "If I were you, sonny, I'd put it right back where you found it.""Why?" Hayward asked. "Did you not enjoy your time with the book? It certainly gave you everything you could possibly want.""What are you talking about?" asked Monti, eyes passing back and forth between the two men.Hayward smiled at the actor. "Do you want to explain it, Martin?" he asked, smirking. "Or shall I?"Again, Preston cleared his throat. "Look," he said, his tone bordering on pleading. "I don't know what you two want, but I'm sure we can discuss…""Let's start in 1967, shall we?" 
   Hollywood, California, US 

   The Roosevelt Hotel 

   November 1967 

     

  The world is a chaotic mess. That's what Chester Fulton was telling his good friend, Martin Preston, as they sat down for drinks at the hotel bar of the Roosevelt. The Vietnam War was raging overseas, while racial unrest created riots throughout the US. On the entertainment scene, Walt Disney had just released a cartoon version of Rudyard Kipling's The Jungle Book, Aretha Franklin had been dropped from the charts thanks to The Beatles magical mystery tour, and some small time musical about hair was being talked about.

  Martin Preston was still a young man in his mid-twenties, his acting career at a stagnant place, despite his good looks and acting ability. It didn't stop his romantic and sexual encounters - those were easy enough when mentioning you were an actor and you lived in a time where sexual freedom was in its stride - but it wasn't helping the success he was clamoring for.

  Preston had been in the town for nearly two years, doing random commercials and adverts, while waiting for his big break to come. That was how he met Chester, a fellow actor who had come from New York with the thought of going into movies after a semi-successful run of Broadway shows. Which actually meant he'd been an extra in many of those shows or was usually working props or lighting. But Chester was hopeful, just like Martin, and the two would go on auditions during the day and meet up in some of the best hotels in the city at night.

  "LBJ clearly has no idea what he's doing," Chet complained, waving his Manhattan to the side. "Mark my words, Marty, this war is gonna go tits up before too long."

  "If I wanted to hear you ranting and raving about politics, I'd watch you in that off off Broadway play," Preston chuckled. Chet wasn't into politics by any means, but he did have some strong opinions about politicians and how the government worked and he was completely against this war that many Americans were entering.

  "Yes, yes," Chet said, smiling and taking a long sip from his drink. The young brunette was just as handsome as Preston and the two often double dated with the girls they found. Preston hadn't said, but he had his suspicions that girls weren't exactly the top priority in Chet's wheelhouse, but these were not the times for that sort of deviant behavior and while the dark haired male didn't necessarily approve, his friend seemed a good sort, most likely confused.

  "Besides," Preston said. "You should be more worried about landing that upcoming gig you have."

  "Oh, that'll be a shoe in," Chet huffed. "I have no competition and it's me, how could I possibly not get it?"

  "Don't count those chickens before they hatch, my good man," the raven haired man snickered. Gesturing his head to the end of the bar, he whispered, "And speaking of chickens, there's a couple of hens that might be looking for some roosters."

  Chet turned slightly, seeing the aforementioned two ladies at the opposite end of the bar, two blonde bombshells who were clearly glancing their way and giggling. Fully turning to face the young ladies, Chet raised his glass in a mock toast before calling over the bartender. "Send those two beauties two more drinks, would you, Jack?" The bartender nodded, getting started on making the previous drinks, while Chet leaned back to speak to Preston.

  "I hope you don't have an early casting call, Marty."

  "Not until the afternoon, thankfully."

  "Excellent."

  The remaining months left in 1967 were light fair, with most of the work Preston did being related to holiday specials or ads. It wasn't great by any means, but it was work at least and due to the time, a lot more money than his regular gigs, but they still weren't star making and that's what Preston wanted.

  It was a cold November day, the wind picking up as he walked down north Cahuenga Blvd towards west Sunset Blvd. Both he and Chet would sometimes take classes at the musical and dramatic academy, the hip thing to do as a young actor or actress trying to get into the business. However, Preston often found it to be completely useless other than the cute girls that would be there.

  Nearly three years in Hollywood and nothing big had happened to him, at least not in the terms of roles that would be making him famous. And if that was one thing in the world that Martin Preston wanted more than anything, it was to be famous. He could act circles around some of these so-called actors - he was better looking than Elvis and had more acting talent than Brando any day of the year. His singing voice was decent, though considering the acts that were out at the time, he could hold a better tune than Morrison or the long haired hippies that were coming out.

  He knew he was just being discouraged, but it was hard to be positive when things weren't going the way he wanted.

  Preston didn't have a destination, per se, his feet just taking him where they took him. Cahuenga wasn't as interesting as Vine or Hollywood Blvd or even Sunset Blvd, only showcasing a few businesses for the growing public and tourists who came to the city. In hindsight, it wasn't the best part of the town, the stretch of road the worst of the area when considering the surrounding environment. There was a bar up ahead on the right, at the corner of Selma Ave that Preston planned to go into, assuming he didn't stop at the liquor store that he was about to pass.

  Cahuenga Alley was a dark pathway that would eventually lead out to Cosmo Street and he'd heard it was a place for certain ladies of the night to solicit. Not that Preston ever did that, considering he could get any girl he wanted, but he knew some guys who didn't have that advantage or just needed to let off some steam before a job. When he looked back on the moment, Martin Preston couldn't pinpoint the exact reason he decided to turn into the alley, but his life changed that day.

  In Cahuenga Alley, on the ground next to a large dumpster to be exact, was a strange looking book that seemed to call out to him. The leather bounding didn't look dirtied or touched by the grime of the alleyway trash and the pages were a bit worn, but not from its placement, most likely from the advanced age. That's what most likely made Preston pick up the book, figuring he could stop by the museum and see how much he could get for it.

  In another life, the pages of the book he picked up would've remained blank and Martin Preston would have indeed taken it down to the local museum. However, in this universe, the book's pages only stayed blank until Preston began to see words being translated before his eyes. That should've disturbed him, even before the strange whispers entered his head.
"What is it that you desire," it whispered.
  "I want to be an actor," he answered, immediately. "I want to be famous forever."
"Then you shall have it," came the whisper. "If you're willing to help me."
  "Anything."
  
  And that was how it all started.

  Preston took the book home and pledged his allegiance to it, vowing that he would do what it wanted, as long as he got what he wanted. And the book gave him exactly that. By December, Preston's agent was getting requests for his client's headshot and had a number of scripts thrown his way. Anvil Studios actually presented him with two scripts, one that would eventually become Two-Gun Meets Dracula, and while some of the projects he got weren't worthy of his time, the fact that he was getting them at all was the important thing.

  And while his star was rising in Hollywood, the book he had randomly picked up on a whim spoke to him consistently, asking him to gather items that didn't make much sense to him. At first, he tried to be obliging, tried to be helpful by getting the things it required - bones of the recently deceased, ink made from the marrow, strands of hair, etc. Preston wasn't about to dig up people, no matter how much the book wanted it, so he gathered beef bones, went to an antique store Chet recommended for the ink, and used some of the prop hair from wardrobe.

  The book didn't know the difference.

  1967 turned into 1968 and then into the 1970s.

  Before he knew it, he was in his early fifties and didn't look a day over thirty. He retired then, getting a little tired of the fast pace of the studios, especially when the movies were turning decidedly weird. It was all about science fiction in those days, the star wars and the star treks; the aliens and slasher films hitting the most common denominator of trash he could think of. He didn't want to be a part of any of that, so he quietly took a step back, deciding he'd do some theater when it suited him; he wasn't completely out of the public eye, still showing up at events that needed a suave presence that these young whippersnappers couldn't give.

  But the more he enjoyed, the more he ignored the book - he packed it up in a trunk and left it up in his attic, which was where it stayed until that fateful night. Again, he didn't know what compelled him to even look at the book, much less think about it, but there he was, whiskey glass in hand, trunk opened, and book staring menacingly back at him.

  For decades, he had thought this book the start of his life, his true life, but standing there in his attic, he realized he had gotten to where he was all on his own. He didn't need this thing, just like he didn't need Melissa or Melanie, whatever the hell his last girlfriend's name was. So she caught him with his pants down and a young strumpet on her knees before him, what did she expect? He was Martin Preston; she was the girlfriend of Martin Preston! She should've been happy with that.

  Besides, it wasn't like she ever did this for him.

  These generation Xers or Yers or whatever they were called now - always thought they knew the way of the world. They didn't and it was ridiculous for them to think they did.

  But Martin was never one to let that stop him and as he stared down at the pristine, leather bound book, it suddenly occurred to him that he should've sold it when he first found it. Well, there was no time like the present. Downing his drink, he grabbed the book, ignoring the indignant hissing that came from it, the whispering demanding that he pay penance for what the book had given him.

  "Gave me?" he chuckled, his laugh coming out as a slight slur. "I'm Martin Preston, you old assed door stop. You gave me nothing, except an excuse for using you as a paper weight. I'm gonna go and sell you for some good ole whiskey. Actually, I haven't had bourbon in some time. There was that bottle sitting behind that Negro that tends bar at Old Maid's…"

  In his drunken stupor, Preston didn't remember much the night of his car crash. He remembered taking the book, tossing it in the backseat and grabbing the glove gin he kept for emergencies. He had drank the rest of the whiskey, going through his bottles of gin so he could enjoy the prime feeling as the Johnnie Walker flowed down his throat, so the idea was to sell the book, get some extra cash for another couple of bottles, and then back home.

  And if he could enjoy a ride in the Jag, it was all worth it.

  The next thing he remembered was waking up in the hospital, being told of his injuries, and the feeling that his acting career was now completely over. There would be no comeback for Martin Preston. 

  What Martin Preston didn't know was he had stumbled upon the book of sins, carelessly left by a witch named Agatha Harkness as she explored the new world. He also wouldn't know that for the decades he held on to the book, the witch had been searching for it, finding it in his possession after his car accident; in fact, it had been the witch Harkness who had been first on the scene, the Darkhold calling out to its former owner to rescue it, to be taken back into the heart of someone who knew how to use it.

  Preston also wouldn't know - at least until the day the Darkhold suddenly appeared before him again, this time in the hands of former S.W.O.R.D director Tyler Hayward - that the book had been the instigator of his crash, the voice telling him to pour that next drink, that he could get more by selling the book...

  The book's reach was far more extensive than the actor knew, recognizing the aura of Harkness and calling to her, keeping her presence within its hold to ensure that she knew its location.

  She had been its most loyal user. 

  At least...before its new owner…
  Fifteen minutes.That was all it took to basically go over the rise and fall of Martin Preston. It may have even been intriguing, if not for the timid and frightened look the elder man was giving to the two agents that stood in his living room. Monti knew fear when he saw it, in fact he prided himself on using that fear against people to get information from them, but the fear he could see in the eyes of this old man was nothing he had ever seen before.“You made a deal,” Hayward began, dark eyes boring themselves into Preston. “And that deal has not been upheld or completed.”“Look,” Preston said, standing quickly and putting as much space between him and the book that he could. “I’ve been exceedingly nice to you boys, especially when it seems you aren’t the guys I thought you were. So, if you’re with the Feds, go ahead and put the tracker on me, but I promise you I’m not going away. If you’re one of Hooley’s boys, the book is a nice touch but I don’t scare so easily.“Tell him I’m good for the money, I just need some time.”“You made a deal, Mr. Preston,” the gray haired man sneered. “And the book does not like people who don’t keep their promises.”“I make promises to no one!”“The creator of the book isn’t just anyone,” Hayward whispered. He held it up, its pages already opening to the passage that the former director would need. “The book gave you life, Martin,” he continued. “Gave you the life you asked for and you repaid it by wasting its potential. It asked you to repay its services and you refused.”“I forgot,” came the dismissive huff. “I had a career to manage.”“You had women to seduce,” Hayward retorted. “And liquor to drink. You took its gracious nature for granted.”“It’s just a book.”“It’s not just a book!”The exclamation was as shocking to Monti as it was to the person it was intended for. The book of sins wasn’t just a book; that was like saying the statue of David was just a statue, that Van Gogh was just a painter, that Paris or London were just cities. Hayward didn’t know what the actual name of the book was, to his mind it was just a book of spells, but since the moment it had been shown to him, the book had become a huge source of…dare he say, comfort?The book had been educational, but even he questioned how he could use all of this knowledge; how this would help him get back the life he once had. And the key to gaining back that life was the life of the man that stood before him. The history between the book and the actor was immediately in his mind, his lip curling in distaste as he watched the elder waste the book’s time and effort.And the book agreed.Preston hadn’t been useful before.But he would be useful now.What Preston wouldn’t give in the past would be taken tenfold in the present.“It’s not just a book,” Hayward repeated, calmer than his previous statement. “And if you had bothered to learn more, you would know that. You would know that, for everything the book grants, it only asks that you show your loyalty and fealty. That’s what makes us different, Mr. Preston.”“Alright,” Preston said, turning back towards the kitchen to pour himself another drink. “I trust you two know where the door is. You can show yourselves out.”Monti stood up, waiting for the signal he knew was going to come from his former boss. Just in case, he squared his shoulders and gave his hands a quick squeeze; he hadn’t been able to get a hit on The Vision or Maximoff, so this old bastard would have to do until they got their hands on the other two. Monti shortened the distance between him and Hayward within three steps, however that was as far as he could go.When the agent tried to step past the gray haired man, he was immediately pushed backwards, as though he had run into an invisible barrier. Reaching out, his hand did indeed seem to hit a blockade, unseen to his eye but extremely real to his fingers. Hayward didn’t seem to have any issues, as though the wall was enacted around him.Instead, he stood facing the kitchen, book held open in his hands, and watching as Preston downed another drink. The actor turned, irritated at seeing the two men still in his home. “You boys deaf?” he spat. “Or just stu…stu…sss…”Preston’s sentence stuttered off, a strange feeling coming over him. His first thought was he was clearly having a stroke or a heart attack, but the pain wasn’t coming from his chest. His whole body seemed to tingle, his insides seemed to tremble, just as his body did. The glass of whiskey he held slipped from his fingers, crashing to the floor below and shattering upon impact.He looked to the gray haired man before him, noting his lips seemed to be moving.The book opened, on the left page was the strange writing Preston never bothered to clearly read, while on the right was a sketched drawing. It showed three people, though as he looked closer, it was actually two people, with the second having another body apparently coming out of the originating one.“Wha…?”Preston fell against the counter island, clutching it as best as he could, but he couldn’t seem to hold any traction. It felt like he was being split in two – one half of him trying to hold on to the counter he clutched, while the other half was being pushed back into the kitchen proper.Monti watched in terrified fascination. He didn’t understand the words his boss was saying, but he was definitely murmuring and whatever it was, it was creating something otherworldly. While the old man felt he was being torn apart, the agent was watching the entire scene unfold. Something was being torn out of the old man’s body – it was wispy, mist like, like a fog that hovered over a town – and that something was being pulled towards them.The closest thing Monti could relate it to was the fishing trips he used to take with his uncle and father. The three of them sitting in a small boat, each with fishing poles in their hands, and lines cast into the water, the slightest movement causing excitement in the case they actually caught a fish. He remembered watching his uncle sit calmly, expertly pulling against the fight of the fish on the other end; letting the line go slack for a few moments before reeling it in slowly.He remembered how it seemed like slow motion, watching the fish being revealed, struggling to stay in the water and rebelling against the hook and line it was attached to.That’s what Monti was seeing now – whatever mist was being pulled from Preston was exactly like those fish he pulled out of the water, the difference was that the river was the old man’s body and the lure was Hayward himself. The process was a lot quicker than fishing, but held a lot more sound, as the field agent could hear the grunting and groaning from the man, a strange backdrop when mixed with the incomprehensible mumblings from the man on his left.The noise only grew, Preston’s…wisp, mist, whatever it was began to scream, a loud and long wail as it floated from the kitchen and towards them. Monti’s first reaction was to grab Hayward, but he was unable to move, his limbs frozen in place, as he watched whatever had come out of Preston hit the book and apparently burst outwards through the alternate director.After that…silence.And movement.Well, for two people in the condo at least.Monti found not only was he able to move, but the strange barrier that had prevented him from heading to the kitchen was gone, so he was able to step out from behind Hayward and give his boss a worried glance. The director’s head was tilted back and his eyes were closed, not at looking the way Monti thought he would, though what he had expected he actually wasn’t sure.He immediately hurried towards the kitchen, looking over the counter to find Preston laid out on the tile, eyes and mouth wide, his face ashen. “Boss,” he whispered, turning slowly to look at the man behind him. “What did you do?”Hayward’s head straightened, his eyes opening to show a golden orange haze that covered the entire eye. “What needed to be done,” he said, his voice deeper and darker somehow. The haze gradually receded, leaving the natural hazel eyes to show. “We need to clean up, make sure no one knows we were ever here.”Monti’s surprise faded, his duty clear as he nodded. “Right,” he said. Giving another look at the body, he replied, “He was old enough, it could be seen as a stroke or heart attack.”“It will be.”“Just need to wipe everything down.”Hayward nodded, closing the book. “Get to it,” he ordered. “I’ll be in the car.”Tyler didn’t wait for confirmation before making his way out of the condo, onto the street, and back in to the car. He sat down leisurely in the passenger seat, holding the book on his lap, and stared out the front window. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, his mind calm and clear of the events that had just transpired.He thought he’d feel some sort of moral dissuasion for his actions, but he didn’t.In fact…he felt more powerful than he ever had.The book whispered to him, explaining that Preston’s very soul had been the payment it needed, the payment he needed in order to move forward in their plan. Preston had eagerly promised the book he would help, give the book the needed materials so they could both ascend to their true potential, and then reneged on, refusing to align himself to the book.But Tyler…Tyler was more than the book had hoped for; he was the one the book had been waiting for, the one the book could fully reveal itself to, that the two of them could do wonderous things together.As reward for Hayward’s actions, the book had given him the power that had been bestowed to Preston; from now on, Hayward would enjoy long life, to explore the world as he wanted. But that wasn’t all the book gifted to the former director.The book opened, pages flipping slowly until it reached an intricate section. On the left, several strange circles took up the majority of the left hand side, with lines and diagrams connecting each.To the right was a carved drawing of what looked to be a woman, her arms and hair akimbo on the page. A decorative arc was above her head and a strange shaped crown looked to have connected her hair to the top portion of the drawing. “What is this?” Tyler whispered.“This…”  the book murmured back. “Is your foe. The enemy that you are looking for. This…is the Scarlet Witch.”  The darkness is overwhelming, consuming, and oppressive.At least, that’s how Billy would describe it. Wherever they are is a darker place than he’s ever been in, even that time Tommy locked him in the closet when he was still scared of the dark. This…This is much, much worse.Being in the dark wouldn’t be as bad if either boy knew exactly where they were. Tommy didn’t have the same issue that his brother did, but then again, the eldest Maximoff twin didn’t share his brother’s telepathy with others. Tommy didn’t hear the voices and screams like Billy, but he definitely felt the heaviness of their environment.The only reason Tommy even knew his brother was still with him was the fact that they were telepathically linked, their thoughts keeping each other company, afraid to speak aloud in the case they truly weren’t alone. Billy could honestly say that being connected to his brother probably kept him sane, the horrible thoughts and deep despair that developed in the air around them a heavy weight on his mind and soul.We have to get out of here, Tommy thought.How? Asked the youngest. We don’t know where we are!
  Then we have to find out!
Billy sighed, before sniffing a little.
  Billy?

  I don’t know what to do. I’m scared, Tommy.
Tommy couldn’t see his brother, but knew he was near and that’s why he threw an arm around the younger’s shoulders. It’ll be okay, Billy.
  I saw Mom.

  What?
I saw Mom, Billy repeated. I think. I’m not sure if it was a dream or not.Was Dad with her? Tommy asked, hesitantly. Like Billy, the elder wasn’t sure how much time had gone past, but it felt really long, even without his own feelings of the slowness of time. He felt Billy shrug slowly.
  I’m not sure. I think he was there.

  Are they okay?

  I…I think so. She talked to me and I tried to tell her what was happening, but…

  But?
I’m not sure if she understood what I was trying to say, the younger boy sighed. I didn’t get to talk to her for very long.Tommy thought for a moment, his mood matching his brother’s as it began to sink. If their own parents didn’t know where they were, if they couldn’t find them, how would they escape? Sometimes it was hard to understand what had happened, what was happening, outside of them just being…there.The boy tried his hardest to remember events to the best of his abilities – his life was strange, that was a given; his parents had powers, he and his brother had powers, and their family lived in a city that may or may not truly exist. He had super speed, something that he had apparently inherited from his possibly real/fake uncle, while his brother could read minds.They technically were also supposed to probably still be babies, but weren’t because they could age themselves up. There was no consensus on whether or not they could age themselves backwards. Their mother was a witch. Their father was a synthezoid.They had totally kicked ass as a superhero family.And then he and Billy had somehow gotten captured by Agnes, who apparently was also a witch. And there was a guy who looked a lot like their dad, only completely white and completely focused on killing them. Agnes had put them…some place, but it sounded like Billy could at least get outside of wherever ‘some place’ was.The elder twin wasn’t really known for big speeches, not like his dad or his brother, but Tommy felt it was his duty to reassure his brother that everything would be alright. If their mother had spoken to him, it meant she absolutely told their father; that was a given. There was a little bit of doubt – his parents didn’t seem all that happy with each other on Halloween and their mother didn’t seem super concerned about their father’s whereabouts the next day.And she did seem pretty okay with Agnes bringing them to her house…The brunette shook his head. Their parents loved each other and loved them and if they were ever going to find their way out of this…Whatever thought Tommy had he never got to share because their darkness had suddenly opened to light, a bright light, as something came through. “What the curse word?” Tommy mumbled, a clear indication that the twins were indeed together and thankfully, in close approximation.“Someone new just came in,” murmured Billy, his eyes closed against the onslaught of brightness. Instinctively, he tried to search the mind of the new person, but only receiving a jumble of thoughts and feelings. Most were shock and horror, others were anger, and the younger twin noted that seemed to be the running theme for everyone whose mind he’d touch since arriving. “He was attacked…by…”“By what?”“The…book?” Billy tried to concentrate, his untrained abilities making it hard to understand and pinpoint the actual issue at present. “The book…the book! Tommy, it’s the same book Agnes had! You know the creepy one she showed us?”“Wait,” Tommy asked. “Are you saying this new person got sucked into a book?”Billy concentrated, focusing his mind to reach the others he could hear. It was hard and painful, the group of minds that assaulted him gave him a headache and caused him to land heavily on his knees, breathing heavy as he tried to understand.I don’t understand! He tried shouting back, the words in his mind and sent out into the strange environment. Please! You’re talking all at once! There’s so many of you!
  The book!

  Book!

  Help!

  Help me!

  Help us!

  That son of a bitch actually used it against me!
The last conversation got his attention and Billy tried to see more; his father had always told them that the path to success was held in knowledge and that it was knowledge that was the true power in any and everything they did. If the young boy wanted answers, he would need to seek them out and his first clue was the stranger that came to them.
  Who?
Some guys, was the response. Probably robbing me blind right now. How dare that prick walk into my house, with my book…
  What book?

  THE book!

  Sins…

  Book of Sins…

  Took me.

  Held me.

  Punishment.

  Trapped.
Trapped trapped trapped trapped trapped trapped trapped trapped trapped trapped trappedtrappedtrappedtrappedtrappedtrappedtrapped…
  Stop it!
“Billy, are you okay?” Tommy leaned down next to his brother, a hand on his back to steady him.“So loud,” the boy stumbled. “They’re so loud.”“Hey!” Tommy shouted, looking around them. With the new brightness, it was easier to see the fog like appearances of…people? Apparitions, his mind supplied, sounding exactly like his dad whenever he taught them a new concept or idea and used the word associated with it. “Everyone, shut up! You’re making it too loud in here!”Conventional wisdom would state that the voices would only grow louder, ignoring the boy who could neither hear nor understand their torment; only the one who had been touched by the darkforce could truly learn from their stories. Strangely, however, this new presence was far stronger in the negative energy than the young one had, whose connection seemed fleeting at best.Their pleas and cries did lower in volume, while their agony switched to the new presence. “What…” the new form questioned, watching as thousands of figures began to swarm around it. “What the hell? What…what are you doing?! Get away from me, you weirdos! No! Get back! Get back!”The screams of the new presence began to die down, from cries and pleas to whimpers, the terror of it should have worried both boys – more Billy than anything – but the quiet that resulted was more of a relief than a concern. “Billy?”“I know where we are now,” the younger boy whispered, his breathing finally slowing and returning to normal. “Tommy, I know where we are.”“Where?”“We’re in the book,” Billy said, eyes looking up at his brother. “We’re in that weird book Agnes had. And we need to get out.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter IX

   
 
  Willowdale, Virginia

  Culver University, Virginia Campus

  Department of Astrophysics

  Office of Dr. Darcy Lewis

  One Week Ago

   
If anyone but Monica Rambeau had given her a desk job, Darcy Lewis would’ve noped right out of the interview or discussion or whatever was happening. But because it was Monica and because she did respect the new leader of S.W.O.R.D, that made the world of difference.  Though, if you had also told Darcy Lewis that she would get trapped in an alternate reality that starred two Avengers and was created by one of those Avengers, she would’ve noped right out of the conversation and would’ve, covertly, dialed the nearest mental health hospital cause that’s what you did when people were making strange claims that even she didn’t believe.  
  After Westview, Darcy decided – weirdly – to try to go back to real life, normal life where one wasn’t investigating or trapped in an alternative reality bubble. It was, the young woman decided, boring as hell. Normal life meant grading papers or looking at reports that only scratched the surface of what science, technology, and the world at large could actually offer. The one good thing that could have come from the Snap and the Blip was that people were now more aware of intergalactic threats than they ever were before.
But that strangely meant a lot of requests from her – her time, her expertise – on what they should do, what they should expect, what they should look out for, etc.  And the big hidden reveal was that…  
  Darcy didn’t know.

  Yes, she had worked with Thor and was aware that gods of other worlds and dimensions existed and yes, she had had been a spectator and then participant in a reality warp bubble, but that didn’t mean the newly minted doctor had any experience in that.

  Okay, she did have experience in the former, but certainly not the latter.

  To put it mildly, life after WandaVision was boring and dull as hell.

  So when Monica Rambeau – pardon – Director Monica Rambeau of S.W.O.R.D gives you a call and an in-person meeting to beg you to come work for her, you kinda take her up on the offer. With S.W.O.R.D being in the capable hands of someone who knew what they were doing, Darcy didn’t feel so weird about furthering the research she was kind doing on the down low.
Darcy wasn’t one to look back on her life and wonder where things went right or wrong, however considering what her life was now, it did seem fitting for the young woman to do just that. From political science to astrophysics was a huge jump, something her professors had noted when she had gone back to school to achieve her doctorate. Going from the study of politics to the study of space science was, well, an odd choice, but it wasn’t anything Darcy hadn’t done before.
  She had always been like, the person most likely to jump into something or in front of someone just because. Usually because it was the right thing to do or she just had a feeling, but that’s who Darcy was.

  It was just one of the reasons both Jane and Erik thought very highly of her, if what they said on her recommendation letters were anything to go on.

  And certainly, Monica saw something in her to want to recruit the scientist back into S.W.O.R.D, even with her past experiences. Hayward did nothing to inspire confidence in the organization, not when they were all willing to just stand by and watch Vision be torn apart before their very eyes. She freely admitted that she had been invested in the show, but even more so when actually meeting Vision, who had been nice enough to free her from the mind control Wanda had unconsciously placed them all under.

  Sure, once she was back to herself and once Vision had left to find Wanda, she could’ve gone and headed back to reality, the one she knew and kinda liked; but that’s not what she did. She straight up drove an ice cream truck into the heart of town and slammed it against the side of the SUV Hayward was trying to get away in. When she learned that he was actually going to run over the Maximoff twins, well…she hadn’t been upset about what she had done beforehand and she wasn’t now, she just wished he hadn’t been in the SUV when she did it.
Maybe that was why she accepted Monica’s job offer, despite the fact that Darcy was strictly going to be a consultant and nothing more. It didn’t help that the whole reason she got the job in the first place was because she had contacted them.
  She would be lying if she said Westview hadn’t changed her. Not in the fundamental ways it clearly changed Monica – what Darcy wouldn’t give to be a biologist or a doctor doctor – but there was definitely a change that had taken place once she left Jersey and went back to West Virginia. She almost waved off going to Hayward’s trial, a fleeting thought, however she wasn’t about to let that smarmy bastard get away with what he did to Vision and what he tried to do to Wanda.

  Darcy didn’t deny that she felt the overwhelming sadness that the latter gave off, what the residents of Westview felt on a daily and nightly basis, but she wasn’t angry about it the way some residents were. Like Monica, she just felt extreme sympathy for the woman and she couldn’t exactly say that Wanda was in the wrong for just wanting something to go right in her life.

  With all the Avengers did to help, didn’t they get to have a happy ever after?

  While Darcy’s discipline and studies were rooted in science, it didn’t mean she wasn’t a dreamer. After meeting Thor and discovering the mysteries of space, Darcy had turned her attention to the skies, buying herself a telescope and brushing up on her astronomy. She had loved the stories that came from Greek and Roman myths, how the constellations came to be, and the theories of how the things in space were created.

  Astronomy had become a side gig, a hobby that led her into rethinking her goals in life. That was definitely something that had been presented when nearly 80% of her poly sci class up and disappeared one day.

  Five years of not understanding what had happened, how some alien named Thanos had decimated half the population, and how the Avengers couldn’t do anything to reverse the effects were tough pills to swallow. People wanted answers and no one really had any to give.

  Darcy wanted to be someone that had answers or at least, be someone who had the basis of an answer, even if she was the only person to ask the question.

  Five years ago the question had been where did Thanos come from, how had he done what he did, and how would the world cope in its aftermath.

  Today, the question seemed to be what were these strange energies that had suddenly begun to appear around the world.

  It wasn’t sudden, the way Thanos was or how Thor entered the planet’s atmosphere, it was just small little blip that would’ve gone unnoticed if not for the advent of the Internet. Darcy, as a researcher, subscribed to a number of different scientific journals and publishings, but the most informational place by and large to learn more about what was happening around the world was Discord.

  Yes, it was a server service designed for those playing online games or heavily invested in movies and TV shows (not that Darcy was signed up to any of those, certainly not), but there were a huge number of Discord servers dedicated to other topics, like ethical hacking, network security, astronomy, and yes, astrophysics.

  It was one of these boards – AstroSpaceNerds – that Darcy was first clued in about the strange anomalies that were happening. Space_Deviant, one of the users on the board, noticed that they had gotten some strange readings on their new cryogenic bolometer; unsure if this was supposed to happen, they had posted in the channel. 

  Normally, Darcy enjoyed the theories and subtopic conversations that happened within the group, clearly people both professional and amateurs in the world of space-time theory, but having just gone through several years dealing with that stuff, the brunette was taking a well deserved break from it. She was on a vacation, one given after she had pleaded with the faculty that she had just come back from something traumatic.

  It wasn’t a lie, per se, just a really good excuse to not look at charts and research and other things; a really good excuse to look a Mai Tai straight in the eyes and tell it ‘you had me at happy hour’.

  It was a simple, quick look on the board, nothing to see really, until she noted that the original post had several comments stating they were having the same issue. A few even went on to describe what they were seeing when using their bolometers. It was too intriguing for the scientist to not ask about it, so…of course…she did.

  That led to many hours of questioning and researching any other strange occurrence that might be happening. Thankfully, thanks to Erik’s own research and the apparent kind nature of the university, some of his equipment was still being used within the research facility and only students or faculty with direct clearance were able to go in and work.

  Like Darcy.

  And it seemed at least two interns had also seen these strange anomalies, each acting on a different but similar sub-millimeter wavelength. The coincidences were too high to ignore, so the scientist decided on doing her own investigation, just on a lark and with the hope that this was all unrelated.

  It wasn’t.

  Of course, it wasn’t.

  Starting back on AstroSpaceNerds, Darcy learned of the posters’ different locations before mapping out where these different events were taking place. So far, she had points in Cairo, Wales, Ireland, and even Iceland where some sort of strange energy was broadcasting itself before going dark. None of it seemed to make any sense, which was when Darcy’s innate curiosity reared its ugly head and perked up like Scooby Doo with a clue.

  Now Darcy Lewis would never proclaim herself a hacker; she knew the tools of the trade and how to get around if needed, but her passion lay in science, not technology. However, her deep knowledge of the Internet and what you could do on it was especially helpful when needed and today, it was needed. She wasn’t stupid enough to do this kind of thing while at home, so she decided that she had very important business to do in her office, one last thing to tidy up she told others when they wondered what she was doing there.

  She wasn’t stupid – one had to cover their tracks when using government property while searching for clearly covert operations. While she wasn’t a strict member of S.H.I.E.L.D, she did manage to keep their mandatory issued laptop when she, Jane, and Erik were helping Thor and it was supposed to be an apology for ganking her iPod; using that machine, with its high secure browser, it was simply a matter of installing the Tor browser – which was insanely easy to do – and delving into the belly of the beast. Being a secret government agency, the group already used a Linux based operating system, which meant some of the tools needed to get into other computer systems were already installed. Darcy didn’t need to go heavy, she could easily use S.H.I.E.L.D’s own system to try and find out what was going on.

  After the whole fiasco with HYDRA taking over the agency, the company had been very much on the downlow, with some of their agents and equipment seemingly rolling over into S.W.O.R.D, which explained why Darcy could still use the laptop she hadn’t touched in about six years. It also meant that she had limited access to any files both companies kept under lock and key.

  The doctor of science started small, just looking into anything new that might have caught the eye of either entity; she noted files that were labeled by each name of the Avengers, as well as other superpowered individuals she had never met or even heard of – Doctor Doom? Someone actually named themselves that? – and wasn’t surprised when the size of both Vision and Wanda’s files were in the gigabytes.

  The one file that did catch her eye was that of Doctor Stephen Strange, the so-called Sorcerer Supreme of the Mystic Arts, whatever that fraternity was, however the name did remind her of someone Thor had once mentioned. Keeping that file on the backburner, Darcy opened a S.H.I.E.L.D specialty program that appeared to monitor both known and unknown threats happening around the world.

  While old, the program was able to correlate to what her message board folks were saying about the weird readings they were getting. From the program, Darcy noted large bursts of radiation that occurred in the countries and cities posters were saying, but that neither S.W.O.R.D or S.H.I.E.L.D had any idea of what they could be.

  One item of interest that popped up was the observation of Stark technology that was making its way onto the black market. That wasn’t a surprise, not when it had happened before, but the sheer amount of it had grown in the aftermath of Tony Stark’s death. There was even a note within the program itself that asked if the two things were connected.

  After that, the readings and observations stopped, with the focus more on the technology from Stark and the Flag Smashers that were terrorizing the Middle East. Darcy may have let the whole thing go if something was nagging at her in the back of her mind. So much so that she didn’t even think about calling Monica, finding her phone in her hand and the other end ringing before she’d realize what she had done.

  “Your ears must have been burning,” came the greeting.

  “Oh yeah?” Darcy asked, eyebrow raised with intrigue. “You setting me up with someone? If you still have Agent McHottie around, I’m definitely down for that.”

  Monica laughed. “No, though I wish,” she giggled. “I’m on the other line with Jimmy and we were just talking about you.”

  “You got Woo on the other line?” Darcy thought about it for a minute before saying, “Mon, hang up and I’ll call you both on a video chat. I think I found something you two might be interested in.”
  
  Kathmandu, Nepal

  Kathmandu Valley

  Kamar-Taj, home to the Masters of the Mystic Arts

  A few days ago
  The city of Kathmandu was the capital and most populous city within Nepal. Located in the high plateaus of central Nepal, the  Nepal Mandala  was the home of the Newar people and the royal capital to the Kingdom of Nepal. In the back alley of the city, housed in a nondescript and unmarked building was the location of Kamar-Taj, home to the Masters of the Mystic Arts. 
   The league of sorcerers was steeped deep in lore and history, the discovery of other dimensions allowing the first sorcerer supreme, Agamotto, to draw his power and thus realizing that these dimensions could also hold evils that would stop at nothing to conquer Earth. That was why he created the Masters of the Mystic Arts, magic users devoted to the protection and safeguarding of the world from extra-dimensional evil. 

   With the knowledge of extra-dimensional threats, Agamotto set up three sanctums to generate a ward against these evils from passing through. 

   Centuries later, only one sanctum remained – that of New York – and only one sorcerer supreme continued to protect the world.  

   However, it was Kamar-Taj that Wong, former librarian and current viceroy of the New York Sanctum Sanctorum, headed to. The former librarian was a welcome and familiar sight for the students that still remained within the school, nodding to the monk as he walked through the halls of his former home. It was honestly nice to be back, the rigors of protecting the earth from the city often kept him away from the quiet and peacefulness of Kamar-Taj. 

   The sleek tile flooring and ordinate cravings of the walls were lovely to see, as were the incoming and current students who practiced their skills within the courtyard. As much as Wong wanted to just bask in the scenery, the familiarity of his former home, he had come for a reason. Only the day before, he and Stephen – along with the Maximoffs and the witch Agatha Harkness – had discovered the magical realm of Fandazar Foo completely devoid of magic. This discovery came on the heels of finding out that ancient magical artifacts were being brought out of existence and were being sold on the black market to various arms dealers and regular amateurs. 

   The loss of magic was enough to warrant attention, especially in a place like Fandazar Foo – a rejuvenating place for sorcerers and magic users alike – which was enough for those at Kamar-Taj to sit up and focus. That was the reason Wong was there – to speak to the current head of Kamar-Taj. 

   After the death of the Ancient One, the monks and students of the mystic arts had to decide who would continue on the teachings to the current and new generations. The most logical solution was to promote the current Sorcerer Supreme, Doctor Stephen Strange; however, with the threat of Thanos, the ongoing threat of Dormammu, and whatever else could affect the magical and mystical side of the planet, that idea was scraped. While the presence of The Avengers were instrumental when it came to such threats, their defeat at the hands of the Mad Titan and their own interpersonal turmoil made the group the least reliable when it came to these types of situations. 
 No, it was better to allow Doctor Strange to operate from the last remaining sanctum as the keeper of the Time Stone and protector of Earth versus having him teach incoming students. That of course didn’t stop him from   taking on   students, as was evident in his tutelage of Wanda Maximoff, the fabled and foretold Scarlet Witch. That left the schooling at Kamar-Taj to the next best teacher in line of succession. 
   Originally, that line would’ve gone to Karl Mordo or even Wong himself, but both former monks had taken themselves out of the running – Mordo by his lack of faith within the order and Wong as the guardian alongside Strange. The line then went to the librarian who had taken the place of Wong – Yao Ming Saa. Yao had been a student of Wong’s, one who was as interested in the history and lore of the ancient temple and arts as his predecessor. 

   With everything that had gone on with Kaecilius and the death of the Ancient One, no one had thought to check in with the temple. Two years of turmoil were happening within the world, what with the Avengers completely splitting up. the disappearance of both Thor and Dr. Bruce Banner, and the passing of the Sokovia Accords had made monitoring the planet more difficult than it should have been. The latter especially made trying to discover the mysteries of the world distressing, as it meant having to ask permission for any and everything they had to do. 

   Which of course, they never did. 

   The protection of Earth was far more important than the bureaucratic red tape that the remaining Avengers had to deal with and Stephen had been adamant that they weren’t about to jump through hoops in order to even just investigate a strange anomaly. So while Strange and Wong battled against the Black Order and the arrival of Thanos, the students at Kamar-Taj prepared themselves against the onslaught of evil. 

   Wong's arrival at the temple was joyous, but also suspicious, as there were only a few reasons for such a visit. The last time he had been there, they were introducing Wanda to the world of the mystic arts, a stepping stone at learning and honing the power she had just been reintroduced to. The young woman had freely admitted that her tenuous control on her powers terrified her, to the point that she wondered if there could be a life where she could be unburdened by them. 

   Kaecilius had once stated that Kamar-Taj was a place for those that were broken or damaged, something that had irked Wong upon hearing it. The people that came to the temple weren't broken or damaged, but lost - lost in a sea of pain, helplessness, anger, confusion… 

   The last was the reason the former monk had returned, a desperate hope that the answers they needed resided here. 

   Yao Ming Saa was easily found within the rows of books within the library of the temple. The man was several years older than Wong, tall, with a spindle like body that was topped with a shaved head and thin moustache. Upon seeing his former teacher, the man stood and bowed, as a sign of respect, to which Wong repeated before shaking the man's hand. "Keh-rahng ku-su de-bo yin-peh?" asked Wong, looking up at the taller man. 

   "La yin," Yao responded, gesturing to the unoccupied chair that sat at the end of the table. "Shoo-roo nahng." 

   Wong nodded to the man before taking the offered seat and waiting for his companion to retake his own seat. Switching from the librarian's familiar Tibetan to the local language, Yao asked, "Ma kasarī sēvā garna sakchu?" 

   "I must know if you or any of the others are aware of what's happening outside of these walls," Wong inquired, his language switch an indicator of the importance of their discussion. 

   "You speak of the magical disturbances?" asked the librarian. Wong nodded. "Yes," the librarian stated. "It has come to our attention that strange things have been happening around the world. At first, we thought it was just a side effect of Thanos' actions, but it's clear that if you are here, that is not the case." 

   "What have you heard?" 

   Yao leaned in. "A few of our students have ventured out," he began. "Though we protect the earth from magical threats, it does not mean we can not protect the citizens in other ways. The GRC tries their best, but - if I may speak freely - their best is rooted in political achievements and furthering those goals." 

   "On that we agree," Wong murmured. 

   "Many of them returned, mentioning that they had been in areas that should be teeming with magic and yet, it was devoid of any trace," explained the bald man. "It would be irresponsible to believe that this was a coincidence in light of Thanos' actions and the consequences of those actions."

   The former monk nodded. "We encountered something similar," he replied. "Stephen found Fandazar completely devoid of magic, something neither of us thought possible." 

   Yao's dark eyes grew in surprise. "That is indeed distressing," he murmured, bringing a hand up to rub his chin. "And our Sorcerer Supreme has no idea what may have caused it?" Wong shook his head. 

   "We're both at a loss," he admitted. "That's why I came. I was hoping you or the others may have seen something or heard something about what's happening." 

   "We know the same information you do, I'm afraid." The new librarian tilted his head in contemplation, eyes narrowed slightly as he looked at his friend. "However…" he began. "I feel you may have left out some details." 

   "Not sure if this is something that needs the temple of Kamar-Taj's involvement," Wong replied, slowly. "Though...no, you're right, my friend. You should be aware of everything that's happening." 

   Wong explained everything that had happened after he, Stephen, and Wanda had left nine months ago, detailing how their trip into the multiverse had been both helpful, but also consequential for all parties involved. From there, he mentioned how soon after, he and Stephen had noticed the reemergence of magical items, objects, and artifacts randomly appearing across the globe, as though their actions had brought them back into existence. 

   Or at least, out of their hiding place. 

   While that wasn't the concern, the fact that others were finding these items and then selling them illegally was of high importance.  

   "Along with this," Wong continued. "It was recently brought to our attention that the technology used by Stark Industries has also found its place on the black market." 

   Yao nodded. "That is not strange," he stated. "Has the work of the Starks not been in high command and sought for illegal purposes?" 

   "It's worse now that Tony Stark is dead," Wong countered. "The attack at the Avengers Compound left many of his inventions and plans out in the open for anyone to grab or take." Again, the librarian nodded. "There's another complication." 

   "Oh?" 

   "The Darkhold has returned." 

   "The Book of Sins?" Wong nodded. "That book was thought lost to the ages," Yao whispered. "It has been out of the possession of the temple and the Ancient One for near millenia. How have you come by this information?" 

   "When Stephen and I noticed the reappearance of objects," the monk explained. "We asked the help of Wanda and her husband, The Vision."  

   "But the being known as The Vision was destroyed by Thanos." 
 Wong shifted, uncomfortably. He knew Vision didn't want his return to be common knowledge, not when there could be people eager to find him and put   him   on the black market. "He lives," was all he said, sending Yao a look that said to not pursue that line of questioning.  
   "Apparently, when the two were living in Westview, they encountered another witch who had been in possession of the book and was actively studying from it." 

   If the bald man had been shocked by the discovery that Fandazar Foo was devoid of magic, it held nothing against the knowledge that the book of sins was again brought into the world and was actively being used. "Where is the book now?" he whispered, urgently. 

   Wong pinched the bridge of his nose, sighing as he did so. "We don't know," he murmured. "The witch - Agatha - had a burglary at her residence and the book was stolen." 

   "Wong…" 

   "I know." 

   "If someone else gets their hands on that book…" 

   "Believe me," the monk stressed. "We know. It's one of the main reasons we're doing our best to discover how and why these magical items are coming out of the woodwork. There are some...mitigating circumstances on us retrieving the book, but needless to say, that Wanda and Vision are actively helping us, as is the witch Harkness." 

   "The one who was using the book previously?" Yao frowned. This information was growing increasingly unpleasant. 

   "She owes a debt to the Maximoffs," Wong said. "And trust me, none of us are going to let the book fall into her hands again." 

   "But it's not her hands you're worried about." 

   "No." 

   Yao sat back in his chair, heaving a deep sigh at this knowledge. As the current librarian and successor to the Ancient One, it was his duty to protect the world from magical threats that didn't come from those on or off Earth. HIs predecessor may have demanded the witch, along with Maximoff and her husband; clearly, all three of these individuals were too powerful for their own good and posed serious threats to the world at large. 

   The latter two having been former Avengers and noted to have caused significant damage to people and their home cities. 

   The former was unknown to Yao, but the mere fact that she had admitted to studying from the Darkhold was danger enough to keep her contained. Or better yet, destroyed. 

   And while the Ancient One held knowledge imparted from her down from the previous masters and then given to the students under her, she had been a controversial figure, especially in the aftermath of several students turning on them and her eventual death; some of her teachings had been scrutinized, questioned even, as to if her courses of action had been correct. 

   It had been a bitter divide and the reason why Yao had been named her successor; he was able to see the facts of the matter, the wisdom in the decisions that had to be made, at the time they were made, and while he didn't always agree with those decisions, he didn't condemn them either. 

   "You have brought grave news to these halls," he began, giving Wong a look. "But these are also grave times; granted, not as bad as the times leveled at us in the after of Thanos, but still his actions has left many consequences on the world. Were my predecessor here, she may condemn this entire affair, you and Doctor Strange with it." 

   Wong held his breath, waiting for the decision that Yao seemed to have made. 
 "But she is not here," he continued. "May her soul be at rest. I feel this situation, correction,  situations  are best to be taken care of with as much diligence and help that can be afforded to us. You made mention of Stark's technology not for idle conversation, but to link it to the growth in illegal trade; that was no coincidence. Just as the emergence of magical items around the world is not happenstance; there is a connection, however loose. I suspect that the people moving the technology based items are also the ones moving the magical ones. Is anyone assisting in learning who Stark's technology is being sold to?" 
   "Vision, actually," Wong said. "He was the one that brought it to our attention. He's been working with the last Avenger, War Machine, on tracking down the items and those who are selling it." 

   "And what of the new Captain America?" asked Yao. "Do you know if he is also involved in this hunt or if his efforts with the Flag Smashers contributes to this?" 

   Wong shook his head. "Not sure," he replied. "But I can ask Wanda. She's friends with him and certainly, if Vision is working with War Machine, he may also be working alongside Captain America as well." 

   Yao nodded, standing as he did so. He gripped Wong's arm in a gesture of farewell. "I'm sorry this wasn't more of a friendly visit, my friend," the monk said, smiling sadly. "I did want to see how you've managed to get along without me." 

   The deep laughter echoed slightly against the shelves within the library. "This just means you need to visit more often," the taller man chuckled. "Do not lose hope, mērō sāthī. As they say, things are always darkest before dawn. If there is an answer to all of this and there usually is, we shall find it; it just takes looking in the right places to find it." 

   Wong nodded. 

   "Where are you off to next?" 

   "Following a lead," Wong responded. "I hope. A friend of mine sent me an article about a recent death under mysterious circumstances out of Boston. It might not be anything, but better to check it out and be nothing, then to ignore it and have it be something." 

   "That would be my advice," Yao said, nodding his agreement. "And if I may offer more?" 

   "Gladly." 

   "I suggest you and Stephen speak to other users of magic," he suggested. "Certainly, they are as attuned to the magical energies as we are and they may know something that we do not. And as I said, these are perilous times and we can never have too many allies." 

   "As ever, you are as wise as you are tall." Again, Yao laughed, clapping his friend on the shoulder. "Surakṣita yātrā." 

   "Surakṣita yātrā," Wong repeated, bowing to the librarian before turning and making his way out of the library.  

   It was going to be a very busy day. 
  
  Tibetan Plateau

  Mountains of Tibet

  The Monastery of Mystic Monks

  Same day

   

  The journey from Nepal to Tibet was a short one, a one-hour flight from the Tribhuvan International Airport to Lhasa Gonggar and then another thirty minutes by train into the high mountains. Wong had taken the trip many times to the adjacent Monastery of Mystic Monks, the training grounds for monks that devoted their lives to that of the mystic arts. While Kamar-Taj stood for those actively learning to protect the earth, the monastery was for those who wanted to learn the deeper mysteries of mysticism.

  Once, the monastery housed over a hundred monks who learned, a few considering the move to Kamar-Taj to further training; that was until a traveler stumbled into the area in need of healing. The monks of course went to help the man, healing his wounds and teaching him the mystic arts. The monastery was a peaceful place, one rooted in using violence as a very last resort, therefore they were unprepared for the savagery this stranger – this man called Victor Von Doom – would do to them.

  Doom repaid the kindness of the monks by slaughtering all but one.

  Both Kamar-Taj and the Monastery of Mystic Monks worked in tandem to protect the earth and its people from the dangers and evils of the interdimensional and extradimensional, but one of its failings was to underestimate the evils of mankind. This was the evil that came to monastery and this was what the lone survivor discovered and understood. From that day forth, he doubled down on promoting the lifestyle of non-violence, of living a life of love without hate or malice.

  From that day forth, the lone survivor of the monastery massacre was called Mahatma Doom.

  As the lone survivor, he was also the lone occupant of the monastery, at least until the foremost expert on the unexplained – Xandra Xian Xu – arrived. Or rather, her spirit. What was left of the spirit known as Professor Xu had made her home at the monastery, becoming a silent companion to Mahatma, a helpful and peaceful friend that ultimately helped the young monk through the pain and heartache of his betrayal.

  With both Mahatma and Professor Xu in one place, it made their meeting with Wong especially easy and especially poignant. The duo were certainly a strange sight – Mahatma, a tall man dressed in black robes with a navy blue cloak wrapped around his shoulders, the accompanying hood hiding the mask the monk wore, while Professor Xu was indeed a literal ghostly wisp; it would not be out of place to think her a cloud formed low on the horizon, if not for the features that could be seen, the face that still retained its human beauty and a similar cloak wrapped around her.

  “The professor and I greet you warmly this day,” Mahatma greeted, grabbing the outstretched arm Wong offered in return. “Professor Xu has sensed this isn’t just a random visit.”

  “I’m afraid not,” the man replied, nodding as Xu’s spirit appeared alongside the monk. “There are…some issues.”

  Mahatma nodded. “The professor has sensed the disturbance within the magical community,” he stated. “Magic seems to be seeping from places where magic should be plentiful.”

  “Yes,” Wong replied. “We first discovered it with Fandazar Foo.”

  “The professor has spoken to the Spirits of Vengeance,” the monk said. “While their methods are something I can not condone, they do have the world’s best interest as their basis. They have also seen the lost of magic in various places and the list seems to grow daily. The Temple of Man, the Plane of Watoomb, and even Citrusville no longer shine with magical energy.”

  “Citrusville no longer holds its magical energy?” asked Wong, incredulous. A small city in Florida, Citrusville was a known focal point of magical energy, what most people would state intersected as a ley-line; in the magical world, it was actually a dimensional crossroad of the Nexus, often called the edge of the Nexus of All Realities due to the fact that most displaced dimensional travelers appeared in this location when entering earth’s dimension.

  It was one of the places they had sent Wanda to, knowing that she would be able to navigate her way through other dimensions due to her status as a Nexus being herself.

  The Temple of Man was equally disturbing, as it was guarded by a number of students from Kamar-Taj and other mystic arts masters. “What is happening?” he whispered, even more confused than when he arrived.

  “That is what we were hoping you’d tell us,” Mahatma replied. “There does not seem to be any rhyme or reason for this to be occurring.” The monk nodded. “You are correct, Professor. Whatever this is, seems to be spreading and spreading fast. We must learn from where this threat is coming from, as it may not just reside on magical locations after a time.”

  Wong was taken aback, though he couldn’t say he was completely surprised. While they hadn’t discussed it, the thought that whatever was causing magical locations to lose their magic would soon exhaust the physical before moving on to the personal, that is actual individuals that possessed magic.

  Which was a large amount of people.

  “This…is going to be a long day,” Wong muttered.
  
  San Francisco, California, US

  Offices of X-Con Security Consultants

  Mid-morning
 
  X-Con Security Consultants had been started by four ex-cons who were trying to go straight. One of those ex-convicts – Scott Lang – had only made the acquaintance of two of the consultants thanks to his cellmate Luis Pena, whom he met while serving time at San Quentin. Luis had become Scott’s greatest asset and best friend, helping the man not only break into the Pym residence in order to steal what would later be revealed as the Ant-Man suit, but also in helping to secure the headquarters of Pym Technologies.

  If that had been that, Scott would have been internally grateful, but Luis would continue to show his loyalty and intelligence, though many probably wouldn’t point to the second. Luis had been instrumental in not only getting the help of both Dave Harris and Kurt Goreshter as part of their heist plans, but also in getting their business – X-Con Security Consultants – up, running, and flush with clients.

  Luis had dreams, but like many who lived in the barrios of California, those dreams either got put on hold or were just never realized. And then the young man had gotten pinched when he stole two smoothie machines from a nearby convenience store and landed in San Quentin. Despite the overwhelmingly violent nature of many prisoners there, Luis managed to stay upbeat about his short stay, making friends with fellow inmates Peachy and Scott, while simultaneously helping the latter adjust and look forward to getting out of the joint.

  In all of his dreams, building and leading a security company was not at the forefront or even a consideration, but it was a decision that he ultimately loved.

  After saving the Pym mobile laboratory, helping SFPD in apprehending Sonny Burch, and getting the Karapetyan contract, things were on the up and up for X-Con.

  And the Snap happened.

  When the Snap happened, Dave was dusted, Luis was dusted, the Pyms were dusted, and Scott was left trapped within the quantum realm. That left Kurt as the only employee of X-Con and the only friend left out of the original quartet; he didn’t even have the joy of speaking with his family, as many members were also dusted. 

  Five years…
For five years, Kurt ran X-Con as best as he could, being the only technician, the only employee, the only manager, the only…well…the only.
  But somehow…he’d done it. While they didn’t receive the same amount of clients that came before, Kurt was able to hold on to their current clientele and gained at least three more major clients. It was grueling work and a lot for one man to take on, however in hindsight, Kurt could recognize that much of the work he did was because if he stopped, he’d be reminded of how the world was. At the time, there had been no knowledge that The Avengers would go back in time and gain the upper hand on Thanos or that they’d be able to reverse the damage the titan had done.

  But even afterwards, there was still damage that needed to be fixed, lives that had been destroyed and then put back together. X-Con came back together, mostly – Dave, being one of those that had been dusted, found that he couldn’t work and be away from his family, not when the world was so different now. Harris was the most laid back of the group, even more so than Luis, but it was clear that missing five years of live had changed him.

  Not even serving time in prison had done that.

  Instead, Dave decided to walk away, telling his friends that no matter what, he’d always have their backs. It was sad, but the other three understood, actually it made both Luis and Scott question Kurt, ask if he needed a break or if he wanted to take some time. Kurt had shook his head, saying that this was his life now and over the last five years, he had done more good than he’d ever done in his life. They still made him take two weeks off, putting him in one of the nicest hotels in San Fran and telling him to enjoy the downtime.

  Kurt didn’t have the same business sense that either Scott or Luis had, but he had made up for it by his deep knowledge of technology and more importantly, cyber security. Five years in Folsom Prison for cyber crimes was not an easy stint and Kurt had been lucky not to have been restricted or banned from using the Internet or even a computer for the rest of his life. But with those skills, the Russian was able to assist their customers, especially during the Snap. Some of the requests were simple remote actions, such as remoting it and removing an ill-clicked on advertisement, but others…

  Others were more personal. Like the HR person for Ryco who couldn’t gain access to her emails or personal backup cloud. Pictures of her family – her sons, her husband, her brother and her sister – were tied into those accounts and due to many servers crashing with no system admins to oversee them and a multitude of requests coming over the lines, all seemed lost. The woman’s children, her husband, and her brother were a part of the Snap, her sister had died a few months previously, leaving her the sole member of her family.

  The owner of a small business – San Fran Dan – was the victim of a phone phishing attack, his grief in losing his partner and best friend enough to believe something so outlandish, so ridiculous as a stranger offering to give him money in order to bring back his loved ones. Desperation makes people do many things and sometimes, that means giving even the ridiculous a try. He’d known almost immediately it had been a mistake, a costly one as he had used money tied up in his business and his home, nearly leaving him bankrupted.

  Those cases…those were the ones that Kurt worked his hardest on. Because these were the people he had once targeted, though he had graduated to hitting larger corporations, his mission had been small. These were his victims, once upon a time; yes, he had never been so heartless as to steal someone’s entire savings nor had he crashed a server so badly, everyone’s livelihoods were destroyed. Like Scott, he had tried to expose companies for the greedy bastards everyone knew they were, while also pointing out the real villains – the CEOs and stockholders who gave themselves million dollar bonuses, but never paid their employees, who took scenic vacations while keeping their workers in the office on holidays, who moaned about the taxes they evaded, but never stood against the ones being paid by their underlings.

  For all the chaos that went on during those five years, Kurt could at least say he helped people. He retrieved every single image for Ryco’s HR manager, happily creating backups on a more secure cloud server for her, as well as creating a shared drive for when her family returned; he couldn’t recover all of San Fran Dan’s money, but he was able to recover a bulk of it, ensuring the man kept his home and business and that the culprits enjoyed their own stay at Folsom.

  Kurt wasn’t just the CIO of X-Con; he had quite frankly become the heart of the whole business.

  So when Scott Lang used a break in his continuing two-day fun day at the new Avengers Compound, he’d already had Luis’ number dialed on his phone as he found a quiet place to speak. Scott had learned a lot in those two days and a lot of it didn’t make sense, but that never mattered. The point was the world needed the Avengers and Scott needed Luis and Kurt.

  “Scottie, where you at?” came the question as soon the Latino answered the phone. “I thought you and Hope were gonna be back already.”

  “Yeah, something's come up,” Scott replied, chuckling nervously. “A lot of things actually. But that’s why I called! This is totally a job for us and I need you here. Actually, I could use both you and Kurt, but someone’s gotta mind the store.”

  “What’s going on? Are you in trouble? Is Hope in trouble? Is there gonna be truth serum involved?”

  “Like I said,” the hero stated. “A lot is going on and neither of us are in trouble, at least not yet. And I don’t think truth serum’s involved, but…you know what? I’ll totally explain everything to you guys when you get to the airport. We don’t have anything outstanding that Kurt can’t take care of, right? Or nothing we can’t do from New York?”

  “No,” Luis said, shaking his head. “But my buddy Ernesto just got kicked out of his house by his lady, but it was totally his fault. And he was trying to explain to me and I was like, ‘listen, homie, you gotta take control of your life and give her some slack. It’s been a long five years for everybody and it was hard when everyone came back’ and he was like, ‘I feel you dog, but it was like she completely forgot about me and my feelings and damn, that hurts so bad, I might write a song about it like Taylor Swift.’

  “And then I was like, ‘damn, that’s hard cause that last album of hers had all the feels and I listened to it for like a week straight and it made me contemplate my life and my relationships and…’”

  “Right, so I’ll see you when you get to the airport?” Scott hated to interrupt the man, especially when his stories were actually entertaining, but if he let him continue then he’d never be able to catch up to the others or worse, they’d come looking for him and it could be days before they’d find his body.

  “Yeah, yeah, Scottie,” the business said. “I can buy a ticket right now.”

  Luis wasn’t sure what Scott had gotten in to, but he knew whatever it was would be exciting and the fact that, even after all this time and the official word that he was the lesser known hero called Ant-Man, he still wanted Luis and Kurt in his corner. He even continued to work alongside them at X-Con, calling that his preferred day job.

  “Looks like another adventure with Ant-Man, Wasp, and the X-Cons,” the man whispered, triumphantly. He immediately hurried into the office, eager to tell his CIO what was going to happen.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter X
  
  Concord, Massachusetts

  Middlesex County

  Buttricks Hill Road, across from the Concord River

  Black tie affair hosted by Sidney Walden Hewitt

  Night - Present

   
It was the party of the season, at least that was how it was presented to the upper class members of Concord society. Set back from the road that went past the Concord River and nestled within a large outcropping of trees on every side stood the three storied mansion on Buttricks Hill Road. Designed to maximize the natural vista of the nearby Great Meadows Wildlife conservation, the house was set towards the back, a long paved dirt driveway leading from the white fenced gate to the residence proper, allowing guest to enjoy the scenic view of the trees as they traveled.The house itself was massive: six bedrooms, twelve bathrooms - six being half baths - fireplaces in the master bedroom, a large bedroom, the living room, and family room.The lot itself was over seven acres, including a guest house on the property. There was a large heated pool in the backyard, along with an indoor jacuzzi and whirlpool tub, a tremendous endeavor for a house originally built in 1998; it had also been influenced with the trend to use green energy, with insulated doors and windows. The interior of the home matched its immaculate outside, with cherry wood paneling and cabinets throughout the home, most prominently within the kitchen and the family room. While the rental had furnishings, Hewitt - better and truly known as Sonny Burch - had most of the furniture moved into the separate guest house on the property. The restaurateur instead brought in the same chairs that were supplied in  Délicieux,  opening up the flow of the living room, dining room, kitchen, and family room.The weather was still nice in the state of Massachusetts, so Sonny was planning on having the wide French patio doors stay open, enticing the occupants to enjoy the view - whether it be the forest like surroundings or the giant pool attached to the deck. The event was of course being catered by his own business, his chef making the rare appearance outside in order to personally cook the hors d'oeuvres in the spacious kitchen.The party itself was already underway, with the main areas already teaming with people, dressed in all of their finery. Sonny had been a consummate host, milling about with those in attendance, while also speaking to those that would be joining him in the basement, one hour from now.One woman had made her way through the crowd, keeping her face from the majority that swarmed about. She wore a flowing red evening gown, that managed to highlight both her hair and eye color, as well as her complexion. Her makeup was slight, however she did give off an aristocratic confidence to her walk, weaving in and out of groups and passing conversations.She had just found a nice wall to hold her up, a perfect vantage point to view a wide angle of the party at large; she could even see a portion of the patio from where she stood. She tried to limit the use of her powers when in big crowds, the amount of useless and toxic noise that often came from the thoughts of many, and in the past, that power had not always been used for good.In this case, however, her abilities had grown since she was a poor, hungry, and angry teenager on the streets of Sokovia. She had learned much, not just from her ill-fated time in Westview, but the teachings from the monks at Kamar-Taj and that of the Sorcerer Supreme himself. She had been able to hone in to individual minds, unconsciously, though given the man she loved and the father of her children, it had not been as unconscious as they may have thought.With this regard, the Scarlet Witch could filter out the random thoughts of party goers, focusing on the ones that were interested in the underground auction reportedly happening in the house that evening. So far, she wasn't having as much as luck as she'd hoped, more...lecherous thoughts from a few of the men who kept side eyeing her, even as she stood as far back from everyone as possible."What daft codger left a beautiful woman like you all alone?"The question came from her left, as a tall, handsome blonde approached her, handing over a glass of champagne as she turned slightly to face him. As the event called for, he was dressed similarly to the other men in attendance, his black bow tie flat and straight, his black jacket covering the waistcoat she knew was underneath.Despite looking like the other tuxedoed males in the home, the redhead would be adamant that he was the most handsome of the entire bunch."And what makes you think I'm here with someone?" she asked, coyly.The man took her same position, leaning against the cherry wood next to her. "Oh, I'm sure you'd find someone eventually," he chuckled. Wanda huffed, covering her smile by taking a sip of the offered drink. The man directed her attention to a dark haired man that had been glancing her way every few minutes. "What about him, then? He looks a good right sort."Wanda hummed. "Does he now?" she asked."No takers?" he countered. "All right. What about that handsome chap over there, huh?" This time he gestured towards the patio, at a group of men that were standing by the door and chuckling. "Who?""The...the lovely looking gentleman," he began. "The redhead, in the...oh!" The man turned, showcasing a garish yellow and pink bow tie, that was clearly done out of a standard neck tie. "The gaudy looking neck...no, never mind him. You deserve better.""Clearly."The blonde cast his eyes around for a few moments, Wanda's smirk ever present across her lips, even as she casually took sips from her champagne glass. "Oh, there's one," he said, nodding his head towards a slightly graying man that was sitting in one of the loungers in the adjacent living area. He was well distinguished, dressed as everyone else, though his hair was slicked back."He looks fancy.""Go introduce yourself then," she chuckled, much to his own amusement. "Thank you for your suggestions, however I don't believe any of those were quite my type.""Oh?" the man questioned, leaning in closer to her. "You got one then? A type? I mean, do you have a type?"The way he asked, in that adorable uncertain and shy manner was just one of the many, many reasons she had fallen in love with him in the first place. Reaching up, she ran a finger under his chin. "Tall blondes who are more than what they seem," she purred, causing him to smile in return. "You guys said you were going to behave," came a voice in both of their ears."We're behaving," Vision said, staring down into the eyes of his wife. "Aw,"  the voice of Scott chastised.  "C'mon, leave 'em alone. They're cute! They're like my favorite couple!"  "Thanks, Scottie," Wanda murmured. "Let's not forget the reason you two are there, please," Rhodes replied, though he couldn't help but smirk at the couple's antics. Currently the colonel, along with the other well known members of the Avengers were high above the sky, hovering at just under 10,000 feet above the mansion below in one of the Quinjets. Their reconnaissance had led them here, to Buttricks Hill - millionaire's dream home getaway - and accompanying party.If they were correct, there was going to be some sort of black market auction taking place somewhere in the home and if that was true, that meant Avengers like Captain America and War Machine wouldn't dare step foot in a place like this, not when they would immediately be called out for being there. And the last thing they wanted was to spook any potential leads or buyers.And with Clint back in Camden, they were pretty low on getting people inside who wouldn't draw attention.What they needed...was an airtight plan. 
  Esopus, New York, US

  Ulster County, West of the Hudson River

  The Recommissioned New Avengers Facility

  Common Area

  Three days earlier
 
   Luis had never been to New York, despite always wanting to go. Most of his family lived on the west coast, so he'd known his way around California, Arizona, Nevada, and New Mexico like the literal back of his hand. To be honest, the east coast had kind of a scary feel to it - there were blizzards, snow storms, blizzards that turned into snow storms, snow storms the size of his cousin Eduardo… 

   But when Scottie called him and said he needed help, Luis was already looking up flights from San Fran to New York that would leave immediately. He had been extremely lucky it was the off season because he was able to book a red eye that would leave in three hours and put him in New York by evening. NY actually kinda reminded the man of Cali - the roads were busy and gridlocked - though New Yorkers had the advantage of taking rail trains in order to get across the state and into New Jersey - but it was still a sight to behold. 
 Everything was so...  bright  in New York.  
   Scott hadn't been able to pick him up, so the Stark chauffeur Happy Hogan was the one who did so, his gruff manner intimidating and comforting to the Californian. He wasn't a big talker, allowing Luis to talk most of the way before a story about his Uncle Carlos had the man inquiring why the fender of the car had to be painted in a yellow and not the standard silver, but they had been coming up the carport before the former boxer could find out the answer. 
Scott had eagerly greeted his friend and business partner in a tight hug once he had arrived at the compound. Ant-Man didn't know his way completely around the complex, but he was more than excited to show Luis around as much as he could. He pointed out the path to R&D before directing the younger man up the stairs and towards the common room. It had been at least two hours since he'd partaken in the impromptu training exercise, but Scott was still hyped on adrenaline and when paired with a newbie to the city, the results were either equally exciting or a disaster in the making. 
   Like Luis, Scott had only been in New York twice and both times, he had been at the previous Avengers Compound, but it wasn't like Sam or Tony had been jumping at showing him around. This time, however, they had the aid of the compound's AI, F.R.I.D.A.Y. 

   Who was of course quick to point out that uninvited guests to the compound was highly frowned upon. 

   "Whoa," Luis said, eyes wide as he looked around for the voice that had suddenly come from seemingly nowhere. "Who's that?" 

   "Oh, that's Friday!" Scott exclaimed. "She's the system AI. Tony created her to run everything." 

   "It's a little more complicated than that, Mr. Lang," the AI retorted, a friendly huff accompanying the chastisement. "And I would like to remind you that unauthorized guests within the compound is extremely prohibited." 

   "Oh, hey, sorry nice digital lady," Luis said, looking up at the ceiling. "Scottie just gave me a call and I wanted to support him in his quest to becoming an Avenger. It kinda reminded me of this time Diego was thinking about going back to school, but he didn't have the money, so he was thinking he could start selling drugs like those dudes on Breaking Bad. But I was like, hey D-Dawg, that's not a choice you should make cause that would totally screw up your life. And he was like, I know, but I wanna follow my dream of being a professional lawyer in space after what happened to Conchita and…" 

   "Wait," Scott interrupted. "What happened to Conchita?" 

   "Oh!" Luis continued. "So like, you remember she and Diego went on a break? Well during that break, she got involved with this dude that had like three heads…" 

   "You know what?" F.R.I.D.A.Y announced, suddenly finding the whole 'unauthorized guest' thing completely ridiculous - among other things - before reviving the security protocols to allow Mr. Pena restricted access to all but the most basic of necessities. "It's fine. I have updated the security protocols to allow Mr. Pena access within the compound. Mr. Lang, I do think it's imperative that you notify Col. Rhodes of your guest's arrival at the earliest convenience. I will be happy to show you both around at a later date if needed." 

   "Oh cool!" Scott said, before the latter part of the conversation caught up to him. Nodding sheepishly, he replied, "And uh, yeah. We'll head upstairs right now. Don't...don't tell Rhodey anything yet. This was supposed to be a surprise and part of my really great plan." 

   "Understood, Mr. Lang," F.R.I.D.A.Y replied. "And Mr. Pena? Welcome to the Avengers Facility." 

   "Thanks, Miss Lady," the Latino chuckled, his voice still in awe of the technology he was interacting with. 

   In his defense, Scott thought he had the perfect plan and in his eagerness, he had neglected to state that plan to the people that would need to know said plan, believing it to be the best surprise ever. And a surprise it was, if the looks coming from Rhodes and Sam were anything to go by when he and Luis entered the third floor's common area. Most of the group was assembled - Rhodes and Hope looked to be watching the news, the latter sitting on the couch, while the former seemed to be making his way from the table to join her.  

   He must have been leaving a conversation with Sam, who sat at the table with a notebook and a pen between them, while the Maximoffs and Bucky were conversing in the kitchen. As it was nearly dinner, it looked as though the couple was in the midst of making it, the Winter Soldier sitting at the kitchen island and watching. The entrance of the duo caused movement and conversation to stop as the group took in the newcomer.  

   "Don't be mad," Scott started, seeing the looks on everyone's faces. "But I had this great idea…" 

   "That you neglected to mention to us first," Sam supplied. 

   "Yes, yes, that is true," the man nervously answered. "But...but! In my defense, I thought it was a great idea at the time and still do cause this could actually help us out." 

   Rhodes crossed his arms. "It had better be when you start inviting your friends over without at least asking for permission first." 

   "I can vouch for him," Hope said, sending the two cohorts a smile. "Luis is a good guy and he can be extremely helpful." 

   "Aw, that's nice," Luis said, nodding his head in the woman's direction. "Sup, Hope." 

   "Hey." 

   "Alright, Tic-Tac," Sam sighed, standing up from his seat. "Let's head into the conference room and hear this idea of yours." Glancing towards the kitchen, he asked, "This gonna impede dinner in any way?" 

   Vision shook his head. "It'll need time to simmer," he said, looking at his wife for confirmation. 

   "I'd say twenty minutes, at most," was her answer, causing Rhodes to nod.  

   "Alright then," he said. He uncrossed his arms and began to turn. "C'mon." 

   Rhodes led the group towards the conference room, Hope standing to join her boyfriend and his friend as they made their walk of shame inside, the former falcon letting the two pass before coming up behind them. The trio in the kitchen checked the food before leaving, Wanda allowing her husband to go first while she waited for the soldier. 

   Bucky had given her a look before standing, causing her to wait for him as they headed in. 

   "You get anything from him?" he whispered, his eyes trained on the newcomer as he followed the others. 

   "I try to make it a point to not read other people's minds without their consent, Bucky," she murmured. "Given my previous use of doing so." Again, he gave her a look, causing Wanda to shake her head. "No," she said. "He's clean. Nothing ulterior." Giving her own look to Bucky, she repeated his own question back. "You?" 

   Bucky copied her by shaking his head. "No," he said, holding the door opened as they reached it. "But looks can be deceiving." 

   "Right."  

   Gathered once again in the conference room, the group sat with exception to Scott and Luis, Rhodes giving the brunette the signal to begin his explanation. "So," Scott began, taking a deep breath to calm his nerves. "After we got done talking to those military guys, you know about trying to find the guy or guys who could be selling all this stuff online, and I thought maybe...maybe I could actually help with that. So I called Luis." 

   "Right, right," Luis picked up. "Cause you know Scottie and I run a security company, you know? And we got like a big clientele list and everything. I mean, who better than ex-cons to know how to stop criminals from getting a hold of your stuff, right?" 

   "Right!" Ant-Man agreed. "And like our CIO is one of the best cyber criminals ever!" 

   "Totes," the Latino added. "So I totally told him that we needed to find your dude and he's working on it right now." 

   "That's...actually a great idea," Sam murmured, clearly impressed. 

   "Hey now," chuckled Scott. "I'm not all good looks, you know. I have ideas, plans, strategies…" 

   "Alright, calm down, General Patton," Rhodes replied, though he hid a smile on his face. Looking to Vision, he asked, "What do you think, V?" 

   "It's a good plan," the sythnezoid nodded. "And it won't arise any suspicions, certainly not if Friday and I were to do the same thing, and the less I put myself out there, the less attention I'll acquire." 

   "You trying to stay on the down low?" Luis asked, looking at the strange being. If there was an indication that Luis was on a level, it was the fact that he didn't seem to bat an eye at the synthezoid upon first seeing him. 

   "We're trying to keep out of sight, yes," Wanda commented.  

   "I totally have ideas on that and this probably isn't a time to do a sales spiel," the Latino began. "But my abuela always said that every time is a good time for a sales spiel. Unless of course you're at a funeral, cause then that's kinda rude, you know? Like that time my Uncle Carlos tried to pitch his water business at the funeral of my cousin Alberto...well, technically he wasn't my cousin, he was like a distant cousin, you know, like five times removed, but he knew my Tia cause they went to high school together and I think they may have dated, cause there was a lot of unresolved romantic tension, you know?" 

   "Luis, you said you have Kurt looking up the name Wanda gave us?" Hope quickly interrupted, knowing that if she didn't, they would all get caught up in whatever and wherever this story - or stories - seemed to be going. From the semi-glazed look on a few faces, she did so just in time. 

   "What?" asked Luis, clearly lost in his own story. "Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Kurt's good at what he does and he still knows some people, so if you need a name, like a real name, he'll totally find it for you." 

   "It's definitely a start," said Sam, looking at Rhodes. "Even if we only manage to stop a small percentage, it at least gets us somewhere." 

   "The quicker we stop the supply of items," Vision added. "The sooner we get a handle on getting some of Tony's stuff back. He would not want his technology used in such a way." 

   The comment was echoed by Rhodes, who nodded solemnly. The two of them took this investigation seriously and personally; Tony was their friend and in some cases, he was family. Despite any failings, Tony Stark had tried to learn from his mistakes, taking them all to heart - especially those that ended up costing lives - and made it his mission to not go back to what he had previously been - 

   A war profiteer. 

   And the knowledge of what he, his father, and his company could do always put them in the firing range, always made the family a target for the highest bidder. But the difference in all of that was Tony being alive; as long as Tony was alive, any secrets he had or the secrets of his father could be kept safe. It wasn't to say that Pepper or Happy or even Rhodes couldn't keep these things safe or secret, but as was learned, it was hard to keep a handle on things when you aren't even aware of things missing.
 
  Concord, Massachusetts

  Middlesex County

  Buttricks Hill Road, across from the Concord River

  Black tie affair hosted by Sidney Walden Hewitt

  Night - Present

   
Sonny Burch was in his element, schmoozing with people - rich people - and making good on his hosting duties. Despite five hard years of not knowing what would come next, the people in the home had managed to get back on track, thanks to all of their money; who needs people when you have that?While the rest of the world were made numb and then shocked at the reappearance of people gone for five years, the people in this room had done what they always had - hoped for the best, but prepared for the worst. As soon as people began to fade away into dust, they were cashing out stocks and investments, moving money around - or out of - their bank accounts or the country, grabbing any items that could be seized should the criminal element set their sights on those that were left.But past those that wanted to appear professional on the outside, there were those who had gotten the bulk of their wealth through illegal means or who had bought specific items through illegal channels. One didn't acquire priceless artifacts by haggling with museums; they got them by meeting museums to the punch. Money could buy many things, including rare and unique objects that had never been seen before or since, it could buy the look and feel of importance, and it could buy power.Because when you have the money, you have the power over any and everything.And Sonny Burch was the conduit for those people. Need a priceless vase to display in your front hall? Sonny knew where to get it. Want an antique painting of Count Otto Von Bismarck? Sonny could get it for you. Want to impress the kids or grandkids with a real piece of Iron Man's armor? Or maybe you need it to control insurgents in a country you plan to plant your money in?Sonny was the man to see.Tonight's shindig was to provide high quality merchandise, for the highest price and the highest bidder. But this wouldn't just be priceless vases or portraits or even original literature; no, these would be things that could turn the last five years into something that made sense and wasn't a complete waste.In the cellar, among four rows of premiere wine and champagne, were at least twenty seats for the invited guests, though there was still room for the lucky fifteen that managed to get invited, but not at the high tier that those who would be seated had managed. This area was completely restricted, only authorized personnel were allowed inside, to the point that Sonny had some of his own goons installed as waiters and servers.In hindsight, it was probably a big mistake to get untrained people down there, however in the case something went down, it was better to have bodyguards who could protect items versus people who wanted to protect themselves or worse, others, leaving these extremely rare pieces to be shot up or stolen.That's why Daniel Barkaa - aka SuperDanny - was downstairs, overseeing the production for the auction.He had gotten his hands on a lot of goods - mostly weapons and drugs, which were his specialty - but he always kept the good stuff for times like these. The world was exciting and new, like the Love Boat theme always talked about, except Barkaa's cruise ship was along the lines of black market goods. He didn't dare ask where some of these things came from, especially the magic stuff, but it didn't really matter. The important part was how much money he could get from them.Having the magic shit would've been one thing, but he had a pretty good crew that worked regular day jobs; regular day jobs that put them in contact with the items he needed. Like Marcus, who was a delivery driver for the Boston Museum of Science and often had access to some of the exotic animals and exhibits before they went on display. In fact, his job was that of getting recently purchased auctions to the museum, but in several cases, those pieces or animals had been involved in accidents or thefts.Or his guy Jared - may he rest in peace - who, if not for his recent passing, had been really good at finding strange and mysterious items. It was Jared who got him in contact with Lee, who managed to get his hands on a lot of the magical pieces that would be displayed tonight. He didn't know the names of a lot of them, but one of his friends was apparently a historian on the supernatural, so he at least had some second hand knowledge or history on things.And then there was Jack.'Jack Stack' was what he called him cause the guy was normally a crane and forklift operator on a lot of construction sites and it just so happened that his company had been commissioned to haul away wreckage from the former Avengers compound. From his own observations, there was only one, stern looking guy on the site who tried to keep an eye on things and had directed everyone to bring anything essential to him first.A good 65, 70% of the workers did as they were told, but the rest - oh, the rest got whatever their grubby little grabby hands could get. After all, they were at the Avengers headquarters, right after it had been demolished by Thanos. Not only was there building debris everywhere, but there were remnants of ships, weapons, and other things from Thanos' attack -  of course  people were gonna grab up stuff.Jack told him most people didn't even care what they got - piece of Thanos' ship, some weird looking weapon, a piece of what could've been from the Iron Man suit... anything  was  something  when bragging to your friends, but Jack was a lot more discerning. As he scouted the area to see if the lift could be used, that's when he came across what had to have been Tony Stark's lab. Oh, there had been rumors that after the Avengers had broken up, Stark didn't reside there anymore and that had been especially true after he had been lost in space and the world snapped up.But clearly the billionaire playboy didn't take everything with him, thus why there was still evidence of his life there. And that evidence was a bunch of paperwork, parts, and other things. He hadn't thought anything about it - he scoped it all up, keeping a look out for the security guard or bodyguard or whoever he was. It was only after he had left for the day and went through everything did he realize what he had actually scored.And that score was going to get  him  a score.Sometimes, you didn't have to be part of the richy rich to get your piece of the American money pie.
   

  Esopus, New York, US

  Ulster County, West of the Hudson River

  The Recommissioned New Avengers Facility

  Common Area

  Two days earlier
 
   Clint Barton was totally, absolutely, without a doubt, retired from spy and avenging work. 

   He was. 

   Totally. 

   But as anyone who has retired will tell you, sometimes you just get...bored. Clint's response to being retired was actually getting all of those home improvement projects done - he redid the kitchen like he'd always planned on doing and given that he had been on house arrest for two years, it was the perfect time to do it. Of course, the original plan was to rope Nat or Steve or maybe even Vision into helping him. 

   The latter had been the go to, though the synthezoid had to pass it off as doing the weekly then monthly checks, something Ross had pointed out that he didn't do with Scott Lang - which was always countered with the fact that Scott had an assigned FBI agent to him, so why would an active Avenger need to go across the country to check on him; Clint never knew what the actual conversations were, but he knew enough that they pissed Vision off something fierce. 
 Those monthly 'checks' were really just Vision wanting to visit - Laura and the kids loved him - or help with the remodeling - which he seemed more than happy to do - and maybe their conversations may or may not have mentioned a certain red head the synthezoid was secretly seeing and maybe the idea for kitchen cabinets had started in the Barton kitchen - which Clint had no idea meant that Vision was considering   his own   , future kitchen cabinets. 
   But retirement suited Clint and he figured once everyone got their heads' out of their asses on this whole accords thing, he'd get together with Nat, get the dirt on what was happening, and just keep a pulse on the world at large. 

   And then the Snap happened. 

   Laura and the kids disappeared. 

   He worked out his frustrations on those that took advantage of his - and everyone's - grief. 

   But when Nat found him, gave him hope, the archer actually believed things would work out; believed that if this crazy plan of theirs could work - if they could actually go back in time and reverse everything Thanos had done - everything he had done would be a little better to swallow, would be a little better to live with. 

   And then Nat had to go and sacrifice herself. 

   It wasn't as if they didn't think of the possibility. They had been spies, after all, and at separate times, assassins; they were surrounded by death. His assignment had been to kill her, after all and their work as Avengers meant beating up bad guys (their favorite thing to do), but that also meant that one of those missions could be their last. The only time Clint ever believed he could die was in Sokovia, faced with a legion of Ultron bots who were very well aware of what their weaknesses were. 

   Laura had told him the team needed him, because he wasn't the super human, tech covered member the others were; Nat was his perfect foil and his wife already knew the former KGB agent needed him, but the others? They needed to remember that not everyone could just shrug off a power blast to the chest and that there was a life outside of avenging. 

   Laura and the kids, his family, was his striving point; they were what he lived for. They were the reason he did what he did, to keep them safe and to give them a world that was safe. 

   In Sokovia, when he heard the young woman crying for her son, he'd known immediately what he had to do; her kid was somewhere on this flying rock that was going to drop into the sea any moment and there was nothing worse than having to outlive your child. If it were him - worse if it had been Laura - he'd want someone to do what he was about to do. 

   So he ran off, found the kid, and saw Ultron at the same time the megalomaniac saw him from behind a plane with an attached machine gun. 

   Clint Barton was ready to die. 

   He sent his love to Laura, to Cooper, to Lila, and to the son he would never meet; sent love, thanks, and gratitude to the former spy who had turned into his best friend and sister he didn't even know he wanted; and sent a mental middle finger to the murderous ass bot that was about to kill him, because he might die, but this kid was going to live, damn it. 

   And then Pietro Maximoff had to jump between him and a full round of bullets. 

   It had happened again on Vormir. Clint Barton was prepared to die, prepared to pay for his sins if it meant his family would return; if they didn't, then he would just go to wherever they were. 

   Then Natasha Romanov had to let go of his hand. 

   Twice, Clint had looked into the face of death and twice, he had been spared. After Nat...that was it. If he was needed, he would politely tell whoever to F-off and leave him alone; he was retired and he was going to enjoy it with his family. And regardless of biology, Wanda Maximoff was family. So when she asked for his help, especially after not hearing from her in weeks, he had jumped at the chance, not expecting to see a very real and very alive Vision along with her. 
 Technically, when Sam 'Captain America' Wilson had called him, he had indeed politely told him to go away because he was retired and he was enjoying it with his family. Then of course Sam mentioned he invited Wanda - Clint had   just seen   Wanda, not more than a week ago, at her house, and yet… 
   So Clint went to New York, saw the brand, spanking new facility, and had somehow gotten caught up in a whole new mystery involving the black market, magic, and Tony's tech.  

   Clint was retired, damn it! 

   However...instead of jumping back into the swing of things or worse, blowing the entire thing off entirely, there was an ace in the hole. And that ace was named Kate Bishop. 
 Clint had met Kate shortly after everyone had returned, a rare and random meeting on the streets of NYC all because his kids wanted to see the Captain America musical (which he immediately asked Sam about when they were gonna do his musical and that he could make up lyrics if he wanted), which wasn't even that great, considering that he was there and Scott hadn't been and all he could think about was how seeing this would've been better if Nat had been there. 
   Kate was young, determined, and persistent...ly annoying. 
She had been inspired by him back in 2012 and twelve years later, had automatically assigned herself his protege when he didn't want a protege, didn't need a protege, and didn't want   her   as a protege. But she was persistent and determined and skilled...very skilled...and talented. Honestly, she kinda reminded him of Tony, if he wasn't egotistical and reckless; Kate was absolutely the latter, but her heart had been in the right place, wanting to help, not harm. 
   She reminded him of Wanda, too, so it wasn't too surprising that the two actually got along. Actually, the younger woman tended to annoy the former as well, but it was good-natured and friendly. Kate wasn't replacing Nat - just like Clint could never replace Pietro - but their weird little affiliation seemed to work. That was why before Clint had even returned home, he immediately had Kate on the phone and was describing everything he knew to her. 

   Kate was en route to the facility the next day, Clint doing what Scott failed to do and announcing the girl's arrival to Rhodes beforehand. 
 While she always maintained that Hawkeye was by far her favorite Avenger, being around   other, actual Avengers was a dream that Kate was sure she was having. She had previously met both Vision and Wanda Maximoff when they had invited the Bartons to a housewarming party, Clint of course forgetting that the house party in Leonia was the same day that Kate was coming into town. 
   Like her archery mentor, both had been very adamant about being former Avengers and that neither had any reason to start avenging again; completely leaving out the fact that they - plus Clint - had been avenging a few days earlier. 

   So while Happy Hogan had been the unwilling participant in picking up a wayward passenger the first time, the second time he was at least asked nicely by his actual employer. And honestly, Kate managed to win him over from the moment they met, the elder man enjoying their conversation, especially when he mentioned his previous career as a boxer. Kate, having studied kickboxing herself, was delighted in speaking with an actual boxer, even if Happy had never gone pro, it seemed to be enough to count the young lady as one of his fans.

  Kate tried to be cool as the former boxer and bodyguard pulled onto the gravel path, the rebuilt building coming into view before they had even turned the corner, and she made a valiant effort once the car rolled to a stop in front of wide glass windows and a glass door. Vision stood patiently, watching the expression of the young woman through the tinted windows. He imagined that everyone coming to the facility held a touch of admiration, looking up at a structure and location where heroes fought and trained.

  Even he held a bit of reverence when they arrived, the building stirring feelings of familiarity, while also presenting itself with new opportunities.

  "Miss Bishop," the synthezoid greeted, opening the back passenger door once the car had stopped and parked. "A pleasure to see you again."

  "Hey Vision," she replied, smiling when she saw the man. She had met him during the house party they hosted, her visit to the Barton farm cut a little short in order to attend. She was one of the very few non-Avengers that had seen the man in his true, original form, not the human persona he often had to employ. "And it's Kate. I'm not old enough to be 'miss' anything."

  "Unless it's followed by the word 'trouble'," he quipped.

  "Wanda must be here," she retorted. "And you must be sore, seeing as your other half isn't next to you."

  "How's that?" he asked, taking her bag before giving Happy a nod to drive off and continue his own duties.

  "I remembered you two were practically joined at the hip," she giggled. "Not that that's a bad thing! You guys are cute, it's adorable. It's sickening and adorable."

  "Clearly you didn't spend enough time with the Bartons."

  Kate tried to keep her excitement at bay, she really did, but it all died in her throat once Vision showed her inside. The young archer was the child of wealth, her parents running successful businesses until the sudden death of her father, so the very expanse of the Avengers new facility shouldn't have been such an awe inspiring creation, but it was.

  Because it was the Avengers Facility.
It may have been new, but this had been the site of the original Avengers compound, the place where the very synthezoid that walked beside her had once trained and lived. Vision was giving her the quick tour and while she should've been listening and paying some sort of attention, Kate was completely and utterly enraptured by the possible history that had been made here and could be made here.
  "Kate?"

  "What?" 

  The sound of her name being called broke her from her revelry, causing her to turn to her left and...not seeing Vision right beside her. Instead, he had already begun to make his way up the stairs and was already on the second floor landing before realizing that his tour was falling on literal deaf ears. His call came from over the railing as he looked down at her, an eyebrow raised in amusement.

  "Right," she mumbled, turning towards the stairs and making her way up. "Don't tell Wanda."

  "I'll try to keep the matter of this incident to myself," he chuckled, continuing their journey towards the third floor and the rest of the team.

  When Clint had called and told her what was going on (and she had slightly screamed in delight at the thought of partaking in an actual, real life Avengers mission), she had immediately began looking through any contacts that her almost stepfather may have had. Underground black market auctions usually meant invitations were in the swirling stream of what wealth could buy; Kate hadn't been that kind of rich kid, her parents instilling the importance of giving back, especially when you had much and others had less.

  But because of their wealth and because of the people that her mother had been exposed to during her brief engagement, Kate knew the channels to check. But she only knew the surface levels, despite working for a security company, she was an assistant and not the actual coders, programmers, or security experts that actually worked behind the scenes. She knew enough, but not enough to be dangerous.

  Enter the security consulting company of X-Con.

  The plan was seemingly simple, as Sam laid out to the group -

  "Okay, I think this is pretty simple and we tackle this on two fronts. First, Scott's company tries to find out who this Super Danny is and if he's a possible show at this auction. Second, Kate sees if she can get us an invite to this thing; we can't all go in, so we gotta narrow this down."

  "I'm out," Rhodey replied. "And so are you, Wilson. And Bucky. People know who we are at this point and the last thing people attending some illegal auction want is easily recognizable Avengers showing up."

  "Agreed," Vision replied. "We don't exactly have the best reputation at the moment and the last thing we want is to be associated with this event without adequate purpose."

  Sam nodded. "So we keep the list short," he said. "Four, five people at most. This way we can cover a pretty large area."

  "Oh! Me!" Luis piped up, raising his hand in the air. "Cause I think it would be awesome to be at a swanky party."

  "Maybe as backup," Hope suggested. "But Scott and I could probably get around the area. Lord knows I've done enough networking events I know my way around a bunch of stuck up dudes who can't wait to spend their money on the latest thing they can show off."

  "I volunteer Kate," Wanda spoke up, smiling at the young woman. "This is her world and while she's annoying and obnoxious, she could probably handle herself."

  "I missed you the most," the girl shot back. 

  "We’ll need some personas in place,” Rhodey joined. “Rick’s mentioned that a lot of buyers are coming from Europe, mostly the eastern countries and while some of those might be collectors, not all of them are.”

  “So we must play our parts to ensure this meeting goes successful, ya?” Scott said, his ‘Russian’ accent questionable even to his own ears. And the reaction was pretty much what most thought it would be.

  “No.”

  The planning session continued, ultimately narrowing down to Hope, Scott – without whatever weird accent he was going for – and Kate, with Luis as their possible inside man. The last thing they waited on was whether or not Kate had managed to score an invitation. 

  And at the last possible hour, nearly three after her arrival, the young woman received a text message from an unknown number.
617.492.6687 : Heard you were asking about the Hewitt get together.“Hey!” she exclaimed, seeing the message pop up on her phone and alerting everyone in the nearby vicinity. Dinner was well underway, with Wanda and Vision making a hearty like soup called  Škembe čorba, that had been cooking for most of the day. Sam, Rhodey, and Scott had been jubilant when the couple had volunteered to make dinner, however reluctant they tried to make it seem.
  Luis and Scott had set up a little computer security area in the common area, sitting off to the side with a F.R.I.D.A.Y constructed terminal that the two could with and gave them the ability to communicate with Kurt back in San Francisco. To say the Latino was gobsmacked at the technology being granted for his use was the understatement of the year; even Scott, who frequently worked with quantum realms and Pym particles, was awe-inspired with the holographic display being offered.
Kate B : I was asking some people about it, but I don’t remember asking you.617.492.6687 : Cute. But maybe not cute enough to get in.Kate B : You’re the one texting me from an unknown number. 617.492.6687 : Why do you want to come?Kate B : I heard you had a few things that might be interesting. Honestly, Jack’s trying to get me to be a little more discerning about things, but when you’ve got a chance for Iron Man stuff, why would you say no?
  There was a period of nearly fifteen minutes before she received the next reply, a tense moment where the others wondered if maybe Kate had been found out. “You think they’re buying it?” asked Sam, looking at the young woman, her own eyes glued to the screen of her phone.

  “I don’t know,” she murmured. “I only mentioned Jack’s name cause I thought it would make me sound legit.”

  “Who’s Jack?” Hope asked.

  “Jack Duquesne,” Kate answered, a light huff accompanying the breath as she spoke the name. “He was almost going to be my step-father, but thankfully, my mother came to her senses and the authorities came to Jack’s.” She paused, though she couldn’t contain a small smile at her next comment. “I was deeply saddened by that.”

  “It shows,” Wanda quipped.
617.492.6687 : 301 Buttricks Hill Rd, 7pm, black tie. $50,000 buy in.
  “$50,000?!” Rhodey exclaimed, looking at the number reflected in the text, and letting out a low whistle.

  “Are you able to get that much?” Bucky questioned.

  Kate nodded slowly, responding to the text with an affirmative that she would attend. “It’s not getting the money that’s the problem,” she said. “It’s making sure my mom doesn’t see I’ve taken out that much and doesn’t ask any questions. But at least we have a name or rather, a last name. Hewitt.”

  “Friday…” Rhodey began, but the AI was already working on the recognition before the colonel had even asked.

  “Already working on, Rhodes,” she replied. “Luis, I’m sending over the information to your station now and forwarding it to Kurt.”

  “You are totally my favorite person right now,” the businessman excitedly said, looking upwards and smiling.

  Scott pouted. “Aw.”

  “I mean, like my favorite digital person,” Luis amended. His face immediately registered concern and worry. “Oh snap! Can I call you a digital person? That seems totally and technically insensitive somehow.”
F.R.I.D.A.Y only answered with a small laugh. “That is perhaps the nicest thing anyone has ever called or said to me,” she chuckled. “I think I can let you off the hook this time. Though don’t go around calling Vision an android. He hates that.”
  “I am sitting right here, you know.”

  The combination of an advanced AI system and former cyber criminal was no match for the internet and within a minute or two, Luis’ phone was ringing, Kurt’s name popping up as the apparently caller. “What’s up, KG?”

  “This is not good,” came the response. “This is not good at all.”

  “What’re you talking about?” asked Luis.

  “Luis,” interrupted F.R.I.D.A.Y. “I have information and an image for a Sidney Walden Hewitt. Displaying now.”

  The AI began to display all the information about Sidney Walden Hewitt, including the current restaurant he was running out of Concord, MA, the details of the rental home he was using to host his party, and most importantly, his picture and actual, true name that he had been born.

  “Oh shit!” Luis exclaimed, causing the others to turn fully to look him. “We can not go to this party.”

  “No,” agreed Kurt, still on the other line. “You absolutely cannot.”

  “Luis, buddy?” Scott asked, coming over to see what the issue was. “What’s going…oh shit!”

  “There seems to be a pattern happening right now,” Kate replied. The remark just made Hope roll her eyes, the situation clearly creating some sort of anxious behavior with the security consultants. Her curiosity is what led her over to the area, interest in what exactly the AI and Kurt had found, as well as concern to the reaction that it was causing from her boyfriend and his business partner.

  “What has got the two of you…oh shit.”

  “Okay, what is wrong with you three?” Sam demanded, standing and leading the procession of people from the dinning table to that of the computer station that was set up nearby. The three were staring at the figure of a man or rather, they were looking at the side by side comparison of the man standing on the street and a mugshot of his face.

  “That’s Sonny Burch,” Hope said, nodding to the mugshot.

  “Sonny Burch?” Bucky asked, annoyed. “Oh my god, who the hell is Sonny Burch?”

  “Well, he had been a two-bit crook,” Scott said. “He works in back room deals, so technically seeing him here shouldn’t be that big of a surprise, but you know, he should be sitting in prison.”

  “You think this guy could recognize you?” Rhodes inquired. Surprisingly, all three seemed to squirm under the question.

  “Well,” Hope began, nervously. “I did use him to get some pieces of technology for the quantum tunnel we were building.”

  “I also stopped him from getting the Pym’s mobile lab,” Scott added. “And drenched him with water at the pier.”
“And he totally used truth serum on me,” Luis continued. “Making me give up their location in the forest, which inadvertently got Hank and Hope arrested by the FBI, but then Kurt and Dave used the truth serum on him and found out that his restaurant had a bunch of health code violations, plus the whole black market selling thing, which ultimately is what led to him being arrested.”
  Sam waited a full beat before saying, “So he can identify you if he saw you.”

  “Yes,” they answered.

  “That might hinder our plans slightly,” Vision said.

  “Well, we certainly can’t let Kate go in there by herself,” replied Wanda.

  “What? Why?” the young archer defended. “I can totally handle myself. I’ll be fine.”

  “No, absolutely not,” the redhead countered. “Clint would kill you and then kill me for letting you get killed doing this on your own.”

  “And as mentioned earlier,” Vision interjected. “The presence of Sam, Bucky, and Rhodes would be noticed immediately. This event is far too important to pass up and who knows when the next time we’d be able to be this close to all involved.”

  “Well…well…” Luis fumbled, trying to find a solution to their problem. “You said we just need a couple from Europe, right? Like, Europeans are all the rage about black market tech, right?”

  “Sure,” Wanda chuckled. “And where exactly are you going to find a couple from east Europe in the next day?”

  “Good luck with that,” Vision said, joining his wife in their merriment. 

  Then two things happened at once.
First was the realization that they actually had a couple from Europe standing in their midst. It was a technicality, as one member of that couple wasn’t actually from the country of his accent’s origin, but the accent – correction, accents – would be enough to full even the most savviest of dealers.Second came the realization of said couple that the others were looking at them in a particular manner and that particular manner being the idea of using them in place of Hope and Scott. Which was exactly the moment Vision uttered two words, in both disbelief and horrified insight.
  “Oh no.”
 
  Concord, Massachusetts

  Middlesex County

  Buttricks Hill Road, across from the Concord river

  Black tie affair hosted by Sidney Walden Hewitt

  Night - Present
 That was how Wanda and Vision, or rather Penelope Montague and Victor Shade, found themselves on the invitee list for Sidney Hewitt’s black tie affair. There was the concern that people might recognize the former, however Wanda sadly made the point that her actions in Westview ensured that if anyone did believe she was familiar, they wouldn’t think twice about her being there.
  “Not to mention being wanted by the FBI,” she had grumbled.
Despite not being able to be seen at the party, Scott and Hope still had a part to play in this plan, thanks to their abilities. They could get into places the others couldn’t, meaning they could give a better overview of the layout than those in the Quinjet could; Ant-Man and Wasp had the ability to get into any security that might be within the home and that would be enough for Luis - back at the compound with F.R.I.D.A.Y - to access any relevant systems.Kate had utilized the actual invite extended to her, while Scott had managed to get Montague and Shade on the invite list, adding their names so there wouldn't be any questions once the two arrived. And to ensure their main cast held the part, both redhead and blonde arrived in two stylish cars happily provided by Pepper.While neither Maximoff was excited about having to participate in this particular mission - they were supposed to be retired, after all, despite people believing they weren't - there was a decidedly upside to attending this party. Technically, the two had been married for quite some time - decades for sure - but the actual time frame was a bit obscure thanks to their alternate reality that was Westview.And there was, of course, the very question of whether or not their marriage in Westview actually existed within the bounds of the current reality.Regardless of the possible ramifications, the couple were deeply devoted to one another and still found the other attractive. Their sex drives hadn't diminished, if anything, it was still at the same level it had been when they began sleeping together in the first place."A beautiful woman should not be standing alone against the wall at one of my parties."Both Wanda and Vision looked over to find a light haired man approaching them or rather, approaching Wanda. His smile was slight, though not unkind, and absolutely targeted at the redhead. "It's a good thing she's not," Vision retorted.The man just raised an eyebrow at the interruption, before turning his focus back to Wanda. "Sidney Walden Hewitt," he introduced himself, holding out a hand for the woman to shake. She extended her hand, watching as Hewitt lifted it to his lips, delivering a kiss to the back of her hand."Penelope Montague," Wanda stated, smiling slightly. "I take it you're the Hewitt that's putting on this whole event?""One in the same," Hewitt said, giving the delicate hand a squeeze. Grabbing a glass of champagne from a passing waiter, he offered it to her, winking as she handed her empty one to the blonde next to her. She wisely ignored the irritated look being sent her way."I'm glad you have finally met you," 'Penelope' responded. "There was a painting near the kitchen that I wanted to inquire about. I'm sure it's not for sale, but…""Oh no, no, darlin'," Hewitt said, taking a few steps towards her. "I'm sure if you gave me an asking price, I could make an exception.""I'm sure the lady could make an offer from right here," 'Victor' stated."I'm sorry, I don't believe I got your name.""That's because I didn't give it.""Victor."Ruffled, the Englishman held out a hand. "My apologies," he said. "Victor Shade."Instead of taking the offered hand, Hewitt merely nodded before taking Wanda’s arm and wrapping it around his, saying, “I believe the piece you’re speaking of is this -” The trio made their way to the outskirts of the kitchen, stopping at an oil painting of a table covered in a white cloth, with a piece of bread, a plate of butter, a bottle of wine, and a few other pieces of glassware.“It’s the ‘Still Life with Bottle, Carafe, Bread, and Wine’,” he continued. “Claude Monet, circa 1863.”“Ah,” the woman replied. Over her shoulder, she addressed her companion with, “I owe you a twenty then.” Turning back to Hewitt, she said, “Victor and I couldn’t agree on the actual artist. I said Manet, he said Monet, and I almost called the whole thing off.”Hewitt nodded, a suspicious appreciation in his eyes as he did so. “Good eye, Shade,” he said. “I take it you enjoy an art show or two?”“Oh, Victor is more the art collection than I am,” Montague chuckled. “I’m usually interested in more…unique items.”“Might be coming on a little thick, Red,” Sam chastised over their earpieces.“Well, if you want someone down here,” Hope replied. “You’d better think fast. And be prepared to spend. A lot.”While Wanda and Vision were upstairs flirting or being flirted with, Scott and Hope had used their small statures to give the Quinjet an overview and layout of the home before finding themselves flying through door openings until they were in the wine cellar.The doors were closed to uninvited guests and apparently wouldn’t be opened until the auction began, which gave whoever the auctioneer was at the time to inspect and set up items for display. For the last five minutes, the two had been staked out high on one of the wine shelves, just observing everything that was happening below.“You guys got something down there?” asked Rhodey. At his question, F.R.I.D.A.Y immediately began to display the images the small couple was sending back; not only was the AI helping to provide the images that were being produced, but she was also relaying them back to the compound, where Luis and Kurt were studying the layout and the people attending.“There’s a lot of stuff down here,” Scott said, directing his camera towards the front of the room, where several men were moving items from an apparent back room and lining them up.“Scott,” Sam replied, leaning over the console, Rhodes and Bucky standing with him. “Zoom in a bit closer.”The man did as told, zooming the miniature camera where Sam directed. There were a few items that were unfamiliar to the others, however there were some that caught Rhodes’ eyes – specifically what looked like a small green canister, several small green canisters, that were laid out on a table.“Vision, be advised,” he said, his voice tight with apprehension. “In fact, everyone be advised, there are a number of track bombs in the building. There’s a good chance they might be duds, but on the other hand…”We have to get downstairs, Vision stressed, sending the message directly to Wanda, who was still chatting with Hewitt.“Something unique, huh?” Hewitt asked, his eyes roaming the curves that were accentuated by the gown. “Come on. I have something to show you in the den.” He turned to walk forward, past the opening of the kitchen and towards another large living room, where a few more people were mingling. Hewitt greeted a few, joked with others, before stopping before an open study of sorts.I hope you have a plan, questioned the synthezoid, neither enjoying the sudden departure from the crowd as a whole nor the unwanted attention this man was heaping on his wife.Thinking catch and release, Wanda replied back, with a shrug of her shoulder. Couldn’t hurt.Couldn’t help either, came the grumble. Nonetheless, he sent a quiet response to F.R.I.D.A.Y to send along to the others.“Catch and release?” Sam asked, huffing in annoyance. “That’s what you two are going with?”“Oldie but a goodie,” Rhodes murmured, failing to hide a smile.“What’s a catch and release?” whispered Kate. She had arrived shortly before the Maximoffs, keeping note of the people in attendance that may or may not have been known to her family. She’d manage to make a near complete circuit around the home, taking note of the entrances, doorways, windows and other escape routes.The one place she hadn’t found yet was the door to the basement wine cellar.“Wanda and Vision are going to allow themselves to be ‘caught’ by Hewitt,” F.R.I.D.A.Y explained. “The hope is that by being captives, Hewitt may do or say something that would be in our favor.”“The problem with that is whether or not he’s got friends that’ll be coming through the walls,” Bucky groused. “Ne ochen’ khoroshiy plan, kotenok.”“To će raditi,” she murmured. Hewitt gestured for the two to step inside before closing the door behind him. The room was just as decadent as the rest of the house, with cherry wood panels and flooring matching the overall décor. To the right were a row of inset bookshelves, most already filled with books, with a fireplace immediately adjacent and next to the door.Hewitt walked past the couple to the small bar that was set at the back, a backwards gesture for them to take a seat in one of the arm chairs that littered the room. “You know,” he began, pouring himself two fingers worth of bourbon. “I’ve been a few places around the world and I must say, I don’t believe I’ve ever had the pleasure of hearing such an accent.” Taking a drink, he asked, “What is that, may I ask?”Wanda took a breath, but responded with a slight smile. “Sokovian.”The man hummed around the liquid, swallowing in the same moment it took to refill his glass. He held up the bottle of bourbon towards Vision, a silent question if the blonde wanted a drink or not, and receiving a shake in return. “What about you, Shade?” he directed. “It would be simple enough to guess that you’re from London, but I’m gonna throw out Lewisham as your place of birth.”“Afraid to disappoint, old boy,” Vision said. “I’m on the opposite end, Harlesden. North West.”“Oh? And where was I?”“You were in the south east.”“Ah well,” Hewitt chuckled. “It’s as they say – you can take the boy out of the south, but you can’t take the south out of the boy.” Seeing the confused looks on both faces, he again laughed. “Right, right, you probably wouldn’t know anything about that. Or you know, maybe you do.” That sentence was directed right at the redhead, while the elder man leaned against the bar. “How long you been here? In the states that is.”“Not long,” she answered. “Like you, I also like to travel.”Hewitt chuckled. “Well,” he huffed. “I try to make a point of not being on the run when I travel. I mean…you’re still a fugitive, right?”“Wanda, you need to get out of there,” Sam said, his voice hard through the earpieces. “Your cover’s blown. And if you've been made, Vision has too.”“I don’t understand.”Hewitt or rather, the man parading as Sidney Walden Hewitt, just smirked at the young woman. “Miss…Montague, you said?” he asked. “Is that like…the international version of your name? Something that makes you sound more…wholesome and less…” Hewitt waved his hand, looking for the precise word he needed.“Of a terrorist?”“You are out of line,” Vision growled, taking a step towards the man. Mission be damned, he was not going to allow this man to insult his wife.“Victor.”Even if she did seemed more inclined to let him do exactly that.“I take it you know who your date is,” Hewitt said, calmly standing and grabbing himself another glass of bourbon. “Or is your heart too full to even care?”“Rude,” hissed Kate, her own journey coming to a stop near the very door that separated her from the trio inside.“If you have a point to make, Mr. Hewitt,” the redhead replied. “I suggest you make it.”The man sipped his drink, his eyes on Wanda, though he was very aware that Vision hovered dangerously close. “What I’d like to know,” he said, slowly. “Is what an Avenger is doing at my lovely little party?”This time, it was Wanda who chuckled. “And what makes you think that I’m still an Avenger?” she asked. “I’m not sure you’ve heard, but…”“Oh you took over some town in New Jersey,” Hewitt said, again waving her off. “Which, it’s New Jersey, so not terribly upsetting. Still doesn’t explain what you’re doing here.” Again, the man leaned against the bar, the hand not holding his drink seemed to curl just under the lip of the table, causing Vision to narrow his eyes at the action.
  Friday, what is under that table I’m looking at?
There appears to be a Colt Defender.45 ACP attached to the underside, pinged the AI. I don’t believe the purpose of this mission was to get into a firefight, pet.
  It won’t come to that, trust me.
“You just answered your own question,” Wanda stated, walking towards the man. “I am an international terrorist and I took an entire town hostage. Avengers material, I am not. As to how I got in here -” The woman held up her hand, using her power to take the newly filled glass from Hewitt’s hand and into her own. “I have the power to do anything I want, so getting on the invite list to your party seemed like something to do on a Tuesday.”Hewitt’s eyes widened at the display before he surprised himself and his two guests by laughing. “Well, alright then,” he chuckled. “I bet you didn’t know your date was such a firecracker, did you, Shade?”“Ms. Montague and I have known each other for quite a long time,” Vision quipped. “I’m far more equipped to handle such outbursts than I believe you are.”The sniggered was the end result of the man’s laughter dying down. He held out his hand for the stolen glass, sending Wanda a nod in thanks when she actually returned it. “You said you were interested in unique things,” he replied, steering the conversation back to their original discussion. “Is that still true?”“Absolutely,” she said. “I might have the power to get what I want, but that doesn’t mean I know where to find it.”Hewitt nodded. “Well, certainly if you’re here, you know about my little get together in the wine cellar,” he said. “There’s gonna be a lot of items that I think will spark your interest. However, I do have one question, if you’ll give me the luxury.”“Of course.”“How do I know you won’t just use your powers to take whatever it is you want right from under me?”“Fair,” Wanda stated. “But there are two very good reasons why I would not do that. The first is obvious – I said I was here to pick up what would ordinarily be a boring Tuesday night. After you’ve seen portions of the world, you want to recreate it and I certainly can’t do that sitting at home.“And second, we’re spending fifty thousand dollars of Victor’s money to be here.""Time and money, darling.""I can’t guarantee that anything you have is worth quite so much.”“Oh, I’ll have to disagree with you on that,” Hewitt said, dragging the last bits of his drink from his glass and placing it down on the bar. He walked past the couple towards the door, stopping only slightly to say, “I have things that you will never find anywhere else. And I can guarantee you, Ms. Montague…Mr. Shade, that your money will be well spent when you see the items here tonight.”He continued his walk, missing the look that passed between the couple. “C’mon now,” he said, throwing open the door and turning to face them. “The auction’s about to start.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter XI
   
  Concord, Massachusetts

  Middlesex County

  Buttricks Hill Road, across from the Concord River

  Black tie affair hosted by Sidney Walden Hewitt

  Night - Present

   
Kate Bishop was no stranger to elite, upper class parties. Her father had been a child of wealthy parents who managed to start and grow a successful architect business, while her mother had started a premier security consulting company that attracted a large number of clients.It was only in the aftermath of learning about her mother's engagement and meeting her hero that Kate learned that not everything was as rosy on the inside as it was on the outside. Though her mother was thankfully in the dark on some of the illegal shenanigans that were linked to the company and their name, Eleanor Bishop knew on a surface level that things were happening in and around Bishop Security.Knew and allowed them to grow.Kate loved her mother, she did, and she understood that Eleanor would do and had done everything in her power to keep her daughter and their family safe. But that didn't mean the young woman condoned what her mother had done, regardless of the reason. That discovery had put a huge dent in their relationship, which had never been hugely strong, at least not when her father was around.Clint had tried to warn her, tried to tell her about the consequences of doing the whole hero thing. She had laughed him off, made a speech about how he was an inspiration to others, how helping gave people hope. And she was right - certainly she wouldn't have done what she had if she hadn't seen him fighting off aliens in 2012 - but so was he. She had thought it so strange that he, along with The Vision and Wanda Maximoff, would retire from this life.But now she understood.She understood then, watching as their mission to take down the Tracksuit Mafia kept the archer away from his family during Christmas, and that was why she had been so gung ho on helping him get back. The whole situation came into focus when his wife had invited her to visit the family on their farm, apparently with Clint forgetting to mention that they were expected in New Jersey for a housewarming party with the Maximoffs.It was one thing to meet Clint, to work side by side with the hero she idolized and turned him into a reluctant mentor, it was quite another to meet two more former Avengers, especially ones who had supposedly disappeared or were dead. Seeing The Vision, the same Vision who had been created in the aftermath of Ultron and then later killed by Thanos, was a shock and one of deep secrecy.If she could go back in time and tell her younger self that one day she would not only meet an Avenger, but would work with the entire Avengers team…And here she was, dressed in a slender black evening gown, hair about her shoulders and makeup set in place, taking smooth strides across the floor. She smiled at people that recognized her, keeping a running track of faces she saw and the names that went with them. Their initial plan of having her interact with party goers was still in affect, just not as large as she had wanted, thanks to Scott and Hope not being able to attend due to the true identity of the host.Never let it be known that Kate Bishop didn't do her homework.As soon as Clint had called, asking if she would do him a favor and help, Kate was already looking up any information she could. Clint didn't know much - a lot of Tony Stark's technology and inventions were somehow landing themselves on the black market. The young woman of course knew who Stark was - who didn't? - though she was pretty sure that her mother had once met with Tony and his wife Virginia.(She had been devastated to learn that her mother had been talking to the Tony Stark, Iron Man himself, and hadn't bothered to call and invite her daughter to this party.)The news wasn't reporting that, for good reason, but they were reporting strange events that had put people in the hospital. Clint had mentioned that Stark tech wasn't the only thing coming up on the market, but he wouldn't give her any more than that, only stating that she would need to talk to Wanda and Vision about it.Kate had been able to ask around, inquiring to the company's clients and people she knew would be invited or would know of the party. That was how she had been contacted via text, though any amount of tracing had come up empty, both on her end and that of Luis and his X-Con Security company.Learning that Sonny Burch, a black market dealer in his own right, had managed to escape prison and found himself on the east coast was intriguing and troubling. Hope Van Dyne - the daughter of Hank Pym, the founder and former CEO of Pym Technologies - had described and explained how she had gone to Burch in order to get the equipment for something called a quantum tunnel.The very tunnel that had been used by the Avengers to reverse the Snap, creating what people called the Blip.(Kate had excused herself to another room so she could scream for five full minutes. When she returned, Vision had promptly told her to sit down and place her head between her legs.)Burch had a long rap sheet, including the many health violations Luis had mentioned with his restaurant. F.R.I.D.A.Y had also shown that the man had clearly escaped his capture and had opened up another restaurant in Concord, again catering to the high class tier of residents. He seemingly had kept his head down, despite the name change, with no one the wiser to who he really was.It seemed very strange that a known illegal seller could be walking around and setting up shop instead of sitting in jail. Vision had explained it quite well -
  "The Snap was extremely detrimental to the world, creating even more chaos within the judicial system. In some cases, prisoners were able to escape; in others, the very records that detailed many of their crimes were lost or accidently destroyed. The five years that came after was the perfect time for the criminal element to gain a foothold, without any oppression."
Kate certainly remembered that time. She and her mother had been the lucky ones, if you could call it that, who had remained behind. She had seen how the world had partially crumbled in on itself; some of her own friends and professors had up and vanished, the upheaval becoming a party for some and a virtual hell for others."A beautiful woman should not be standing alone against the wall at one of my parties."Kate was brought from her memories with the overheard statement, causing her to look over at the scene. From the images they had been shown, the host of the party Sidney Walden Hewitt had made an appearance, directly in front of the assumed identities of Penelope Montague and Victor Shade.The false identities came easily to the two, almost as though this was not the first time they had taken on these personas - Victor, the English historian, art collector, and/or archeologist and his colleague/obvious love interest Penelope. Kate had to admit that Wanda was a fantastic actress, her normal accent slightly heavier than normal, playing up her ancestry, while Vision played on his vast knowledge of...well...everything.It was apparently such a good act, Hewitt was bought in enough to express his clear interest in the redhead, to the irritation of the blonde that stood next to her.Kate tuned out the conversation, instead listening on the earpiece as discussion continued about the auction that was about to start downstairs. Col. Rhodes suddenly mentioned something about a bomb, several of them, sitting downstairs and known to the military man and the synthezoid. She had learned and confirmed that both Avengers were working hard on getting Stark's technology back in their hands and off the black market.It made sense - Rhodes had been Tony's best friend. Hell, he was one of the godfathers to the man's daughter. He had taken on the mantle as War Machine to help his best friend in the fight against evil and intergalactic villainy; he was essentially the last remaining member of the original Avengers roster. To anyone that thought about the team now, War Machine was the replacement for Iron Man, though labeling him as such was a disservice, not only to Rhodes himself, but to Tony as well.Vision was technically a product of Stark technology and to anyone that knew, was dead to the world at large. Vision himself had told her that his current alive status was something only a few were aware of and while unspoken, he was placing his trust - and the trust of his wife - in the young archer's hands to keep this knowledge under wraps.Kate's attention was once again put on focus to the couple that chatted off to her side, F.R.I.D.A.Y telling the team that the two were going to try a catch and release. "What's a catch and release?" she asked, quietly. She had been trying to find the door to the basement from upstairs, without it looking as though she was desperately trying to get downstairs.“Wanda and Vision are going to allow themselves to be ‘caught’ by Hewitt,” F.R.I.D.A.Y explained. “The hope is that by being captives, Hewitt may do or say something that would be in our favor.”“The problem with that is whether or not he’s got friends that’ll be coming through the walls,” Bucky groused. “Ne ochen’ khoroshiy plan, kotenok.”“To će raditi,” the redhead murmured.She had never heard it called that, but the plan seemed pretty standard and something she knew Clint had used before. It was risky, as the winter soldier had stated, as you couldn't truly be aware of what cards were hidden up someone's sleeve, but given that it was the so-called Scarlet Witch and the Vision pulling this off, Kate didn't seem too worried.At least until Hewitt started leading them down the hall towards a room off to the side and closed the door.The woman followed at a distance and took a page from Wanda's book, leaning casually against the wall next to the door and taking small sips from her champagne. Though she couldn't hear anything through the door, the conversation happening over her earpiece clued her in - apparently Burch wasn't as unaware to his guest list as they thought. Kate was the only one that had been listed under her real name, given her family's status and recognition, but no one should've been aware of Wanda and definitely not Vision.Instead of denying the insinuation, the redhead leaned into it and outright confirmed her real identity; not only that, but she turned the whole thing on Hewitt himself. Wanda outright admitted her mistakes and apparently, made a show of her powers in front of him."Wanda," Rhodes chastised. "You're playing a very dangerous game right now. The two of you had better have a plan and you had better share it with the rest of us so that we can jump in and keep you from getting killed.""U nas yest' plan, khvatit volnovat'sya," came the reply. "No spasibo za vashu zabotu.""She says they have a plan," Bucky translated. "But that we should absolutely go in and save them from themselves.""I did not say that."The door opened, allowing the trio to leave the room, and walk past the young woman as they headed off towards the basement. As they went by, Wanda was quick to snatch the near full glass of alcohol that Kate held, a small "Nope" escaping her mouth as she did.She waited until the group was a few feet ahead of her before stating, "I'm of age, you know. I'm 22.""You're 22?" asked Luis, his voice coming over the earpiece. He had been mostly quiet, his own work with Kurt keeping him busy as they tried to uncover the identities of the those in attendance. "I thought you were much younger. Well, now I don't feel so bad about you being on this mission and stuff, cause I seriously thought you were like 16 or something. Not that I wouldn't feel bad if something happened to you, but you know, it's not like Scott getting punched in the face or shot or…""Hey!" interrupted the man. "No one wants to get punched in the face or shot at any age. And why am I the one who gets punched and shot?""Easy target," Bucky threw out, easily."Don't worry, babe," Hope cooed. "I'd protect you. No one's punching that pretty little face while I'm around.""You know, lesser guys would totally be intimidated by that," Scott began. "But you are totally stronger than me. And you know martial arts, like full black belt status. I am more than happy to let you beat people up for me. I totally support it."Sonny, or rather Hewitt, led the couple and a few others through a secondary hallway until they reached a closed oak door. Opening it revealed a similar stained set of stairs, which the host led the group down until they all reached the wine cellar.The wine cellar was probably the best kept secret within the home. Covering the length of the above ground structure, the wine cellar was an open floor plan, with a line of shelving that was a part of the wall and several rows of wines that lined the floor. They made a pathway into an open space where four rows of five chairs were ready for the audience that entered."Ladies and gentlemen," Hewitt announced, making his way towards the front of the space. "I want to welcome you all to my little get together." Turning, he addressed the group at large. "You are down here because you have an eye or a desire to have the most valuable items on the market. And thanks to yours truly, I've made sure that you get access to those items. But make no mistake; none of you are the types to settle for the ordinary, which is why the items you will see tonight are of the highest quality and uniqueness."Smirking, Hewitt gestured towards the chairs. "Please," he said. "Have a seat. The auction will start momentarily."The group made their way to the arranged chairs, Wanda and Vision taking seats towards the back in order to view the proceedings as a whole.Feel free to be angry with me, Wanda said, telepathically. But perhaps you can wait until this is all over.
  I'm not angry.

  Disappointed then.
I believe the word you're stumbling for is concerned, came his retort, his face not revealing his inner turmoil. He wasn't lying, exactly, he wasn't angry per se and yes, he was a bit disappointed. But overall he was...disheartened at the way Wanda had disregarded herself to Hewitt; he knew it was an act, but many times, acts had an element of truth.And Vision never enjoyed when his wife considered herself the things people thought she was. The label of terrorist had been hurled against her after Lagos, despite the fact that while her control has been lost, the action itself had saved thousands of people in that market. They weren't entirely sure how she was viewed after Westview, but Vision had and would fiercely defend the cause of her actions, though he didn't necessarily agree with the actions themselves.Vision looked at their surroundings, casually glancing at the faces of the people in the attendance. Kate had taken a position further up in the seating and just from the conversation between them, the synthezoid knew that the Ant-Man and the Wasp were on a wine shelf to his left, near the front of the auction.A tall man in his mid-thirties or early forties took his place at the podium, his status as the auctioneer clear in his demeanor and stance. "Welcome ladies and gentlemen," he greeted, looking out onto the sea of gathered people. "Thank you for coming. You'll find your bidder paddle card under your seats if you haven't found them already. We'll be starting the auction with a bonafide collector's item."The first item up was a large, portrait style painting that took two handlers to carry out. The image featured a number of men on horseback in the foreground, standing or surrounded by a hilled mountain range; a few castles loomed within the background. Wanda took notice as Vision straightened in his chair, his eyes narrowed in curiosity and suspicion.
   What? 
 This is impossible, he responded in awe. That painting has been missing for almost a hundred years. "This is the Righteous Judges," the auctioneer continued. "The lost lower left panel of the Ghent Altarpiece. Painted by one of the Van Eyck brothers, the panel is believed to show Philip the Good. The Judges was thought to have been stolen and lost, but as you can see, we've been able to secure it from one of our fine donors. We have, of course, checked the provenance of this prized work and we can, with authority, declare this the real deal."We'll start the bidding at $70,000."One woman in the row in front of them raised her paddle. "$70,000," the auctioneer stated. "Do I hear $75,000?" A man at the front came forward. "I have $75, do I hear $80?"Kate then put her claim into the ring, just to appear as an interested buyer, though there was no way she'd be able to get away with paying for a most likely stolen painting and keeping it in her apartment. "I have $80," the man replied. "Do I have $85? I have $85, do I hear $90?" At $90,000, the excitement seemed to wane, with a gentlemen in the Maximoffs' row nabbing the painting at $85,000."Next up," the auctioneer said. "We have an interesting piece, something for those of you looking for the unique and the magical."The next item was a long, slender silver staff with intricate markings wrapped around its entirety; the top of the staff was slightly curved by about five degrees and had various outward indentations. Other designs marked different sections and strange lettering accompanied five parts."This is an official staff used by Asgardian warriors," the auctioneer stated. "It had previously been broken into three pieces and scattered across Europe, first found in 2012, but lost again during a cave-in in a desolate part of New Mexico. Not only has this staff been in the hands of actual Asgardians, but it's also been in possession of the now defunct government agencies of both S.H.I.E.L.D and Hydra. Bidding for this item starts at $65,000."A number of paddles went up, but only a man in the front row was able to beat out the others first. "I have $65, do I hear $70?""$80,000," replied Kate, jumping the price up."Do you even have eighty thousand dollars? " Sam asked, incredulously over their earpieces."You are going to be mowing so many lawns," gripped Scott, as he and Hope watched from the above."$85,000," countered Wanda, earning her a look from both her husband and the young archer.
   Are you insane? 
 You have to make a show, the redhead stated.  Especially after telling Hewitt or Burch or whatever his name is that we were here for the unique items.  Yes,  Vision replied.  Unique items under fifty thousand dollars. 
   Worse case scenario, we give this back to Thor and his people. And don't pretend like you didn't want to throw your hat in the ring for that painting.
Wisely, Vision didn't have anything to retort."$95," called another man seated in one of the middle rows."We have $95," the auctioneer replied. "Do I hear $100?""$150," said a man in the front row, stunning the crowd with the amount."We have $150,000 currently," the middle-aged man replied, clearly impressed by the large bid."That's more than the Judges," Vision whispered to his wife.Clearly everyone here is looking for more than just art, she responded.At one hundred and fifty thousand dollars, the man in the front row was the obvious winner and would soon take home a real live artifact from Asgard. The next ticket item was also something that would bring in a huge amount of money - actual blueprints to a Stark invention.Even the auctioneer wasn't sure what the end result would be or if the actual winner would be able to construct it; the point of the matter was that something could be made and that something could be used to change the course of a predetermined path or existance."Guys," came Rhodes' voice over their earpieces. "We can not let anyone get their hands on whatever that is. Bid as much as you can, I'm sure I can get Pepper to bankroll you if need be, but we have got to get this stuff off the streets. Now.""We'll start the bidding especially high with this item," the auctioneer said. "$100,000."The man who had managed to score the Asgardian staff jumped at the price, holding his bid card up."We have $100, do I hear $200?"A woman in the second row went for $200, while the person behind was next at $250. Kate tried her hand at $300, but was outbid at $325. Vision went for literal broke, raising his paddle at the rising price of $375. He wasn't hurting for money, certainly not; Tony and Pepper had been admament at paying any wages that JARVIS had acquired, plus any service he assisted with on Stark Industries and his own trading and stock investments had definitely secured his family's safety, with generous amounts for the boys and their college funds.Still...three hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars was...a lot of money. Wanda did a decent job of hiding her surprise and shock, as the prices for these first three items climbed higher and higher. She had never been rich, quite the opposite, and while she knew Vision had accumulated a sizeable amount of money, they weren't spend-thrifts in the slightest.$375 was holding, a possible win for the Avengers, until someone in their row - a skinnier man with a thin beard and shaved head went and raised the price to $425. "$500," Vision proclaimed, stunning everyone in the room and those within the Quinjet who could hear the auction."We have $500," the auctioneer said, looking around at the crowd. "Do I hear $600?" No one dared to make a move or a sound, causing a slight wave of tension as they wondered who would challenge the amount. "$500 going once, twice...sold! For $500,000 dollars to the man in the back row."A few members turned to glance at Vision, curious as to who had spent half a million dollars on a rare piece of Stark technology and what his possible use for it would be."We owe you one, V.""Don't mention it," the synthezoid whispered. "If all goes well, we may not have to pay for any of the purchases that are made tonight." He gave Wanda a look, hoping that the resources they needed in place would indeed be in place. She nodded.Everything should be good, she communicated.Thirty minutes in, Tony's plans were the only thing the combined efforts of Kate, Vision, and Wanda were able to get their hands on. The track bombs that Rhodes had warned about earlier, along with at least two more magical artifacts had been swiped from their grasps and pricing went far above what the three could willing spend, even with the backing from Pepper and Stark Industries.Thankfully, Vision's own abilities and connection to F.R.I.D.A.Y gave the other Avengers the ability to view and identify those buyers, a number of them matching the profiles of suspected or verified black market dealers. The biggest problem at hand, however, was just how much stuff this Super Danny had acquired that matched missing technology from Tony and magical devices that had been floating around.It was far more than anyone had expected or even anticipated.And it was clear from the buyers in the audience that these items were the whole point of them being there. Aside from the few collector's items, the majority of objects on display were either from Tony's lab, the Avengers previous compound, or mystical items that had been found either by random chance or nefarious means.Their host had seemingly come and gone, only popping in a few times to check on the auction's momentum and success, but was now standing in an alcove speaking with someone partially in shadow. "If we're gonna hit these guys," Kate whispered. "Now would be the time.""Agreed," Hope replied, moving closer to Burch and the man he spoke to. "Sounds like Burch is talking to our seller. He'll make a run if we don't wrap this up now.""Alright then," Sam said, moving about the interior of the Quinjet. "Rhodes and I'll come in from above and secure the first floor. The people we want are in that auction with the rest of you.""Who wants to give a signal?" asked Scott."Do we really need a signal?" questioned Wanda."I can give a signal," Kate replied. Turning slightly in her seat, she moved her left arm quickly out to the side, and uncollapsed the bow she'd been hiding on the side of her dress. The first arrow was the same, coming from her hand and expertly notched between bow and string in a matter of minutes. "Sorry, folks. Auction's gonna have to pause for the moment."If the sudden sight of an elegantly dressed archer was shocking, it certainly didn't prepare those that had the forethought to stand and try to flee, instead bumping into Ant-Man or the immovable mass that was The Vision. The commotion alerted Burch and Super Danny, the former pushing his body past the dealer and heading in the opposite direction as the action took place behind him.Danny took a moment too long to follow, running into a left hook by someone dressed in a fancy mesh suit, knocking him back into the wall. Shaking his head clear, he opened his eyes to see a figure wearing a silver, horned helmet and was indeed dressed in a blue and grey mesh suit.“Hey there,” the figure said, aiming a right fist at his face. The dealer managed to dodge the oncoming punch, throwing his own side jab to the figure’s ribs. He pushed them back and was prepared to give them a taste of their own medicine, cocking his arm back but was stopped without his knowledge or say so.He looked to his right, more specifically to the strange red vine that was now wrapped around his bicep. “Let’s not be rude,” replied a voice just immediately in the same direction. The redhead who had been upstairs talking to Burch and obviously invited down here stood to his side, hand in the air and apparently extending the red vines from her hand to his arm.“The Wasp was just saying hello.”Chaos reigned in the basement, as people tried to flee from the apparent regrouping of The Avengers and the sudden appearance of the FBI. Party goers on the floor above were mostly confused as to why Captain America and War Machine were there and why FBI agents were surrounding the property. While there had been twenty or so chairs for the buyers, there had been at least another seven to ten people that mingled around, whether it was the wait staff or auction staff.Those were the ones who easily surrendered when the Avengers revealed themselves, keeping out of the way while several others tried to escape. They were of course thwarted when trying to run up the stairs, only to be confronted by FBI agents converging down into the basement. Pushing his way through the commotion was Agent Jimmy Woo, jacket flapping with his quick strides as he proceeded down the stairs and into the fray that was dying down.“Agent Woo,” Vision greeted, nodding to the Asian man as he approached.“Jimmy!” Scott exclaimed, also greeting the man and coming to a stop next to the synthezoid. The two looked at each other in confusion, asking, “You know Woo?”“When dealing with super powered or technically enhanced individuals,” Jimmy chuckled. “It really is a small world.”“Jimmy was my, I guess, kinda parole officer back in San Francisco,” Scott explained, looking between the agent and the avenger.“Agent Woo was a member of the team brought in to assist with the…incident in Westview,” Vision replied, vaguely. “I have to imagine that Captain Rambeau alerted you to our mission here tonight.”“Sorta,” Woo said. “Scott actually contacted me, asking if I knew anyone who might be working on any black market projects, which…we’re the FBI, we’re always looking into cybercrimes, especially if they pose a danger to the world’s governments. Just so happens, Monica contacted me shortly after saying she got a lead from Wanda on that same thing. So…” the man shrugged. “Here I am.”“Burch is gone.”Wanda and Hope had weaved their way through both buyers and rushing agents to approach the men, the latter stating the fact with frustrated disappointment. “I saw him run towards the back,” she continued. “He must’ve gotten back upstairs before we saw him.”“He couldn’t have gotten far,” Jimmy said. “With everything going on, he’ll have a hard time trying to get past us. We’ll definitely get him.”“I let Wong know about some of the things we recovered,” Wanda stated, though it was more to Vision than the group at large. “I sent him the images of what was on display and some of things should never ever be in the hands of…anyone, actually.”“Those the magical stuff Monica said you were looking for?” asked Jimmy. He still found the whole idea of magic – actual, authentic, real deal magic – hard to believe, even knowing the Avengers roster once held a literal Norse god on the team.“And a considerable amount, it seemed,” Vision said, glancing over his shoulder as agents began to gather some of the auctioned items. “Darling, perhaps you should oversee the removal of those items.”Wanda turned, watching as some of the agents began to reach for what Wong had identified as ‘the zodiac key’. “Right,” she replied, rushing towards the front of the area. “Wong said he’d send a few people over to take the items back to Kamar-Taj. Better make sure they actually have something and not someone to take back.”In total, with the help of the FBI, twelve suspected black market dealers were apprehended, including the man who had started this whole thing – Daniel Barkaa, aka SuperDanny; the downside of course was the loss of Sonny Burch. The former businessman had not been found, despite Agent Woo’s assertion that his people would be able to find the restaurateur and days later, to no one’s surprise, he had not made an appearance at his place of business.All in all, a number of both Tony’s plans and inventions had been recovered, while several incredibly dangerous magical objects had also been found. At the end of the night, all things seemed to have been accounted for, and while the black market would still go on and there were still both technological and magical items to be found, a large indentation had been made in the operation.All seemed well.Which of course was the perfect time for it to fall apart.  The Republic of Transia was a small country located in the south east of Europe, bordering Macedonia, Romania, and Serbia. It was a landlocked country, built in the middle of mountain terrain and was actually famous for a rather large landmark – Mount Wundagore.At its peak, Wundagore stood at over eleven thousand feet and was once known as Vanda-Gor when the country was still known as the Borderlands. Legend told that the so-called ‘god of chaos’ Chthon used some of the underground chambers of the mountain to write down all of his arcane knowledge, his intention to have the manuscript found by mortal men; that was how the elder god would return to the land of mortals, his attempt to flee the dimension he was trapped within.These writings, gathered together from scrolls made from indestructible parchment, would eventually be made into a book that would hold not just the god’s knowledge, but other writings that would soon inform all who picked up the book and read from it.Despite the centuries that the volume existed and the many names it went by, most who knew and believed in the legend knew the book by one name:The Darkhold.  Monica’s cell phone rang exactly thirty-nine minutes after eight o’clock at night, the caller ID showing that Darcy was calling for the third time within last fifty minutes of the hour. Hearing from the scientist wasn’t a surprise, exactly, but recent conversation between the group – if you included Jimmy – was more about funny memes that Darcy had found or thought funny.Many conversations between the captain and the FBI agent were mostly about work – they were both trying to track down technology that had been stolen from Stark Industries or Avengers compound, while Monica was in communication with both Fury and Hill. Her appointment as the head of S.H.I.E.L.D and S.W.O.R.D meant there was a lot growing on her plate; on the government side, S.H.I.E.L.D was nothing more than a few agents who were loyal to the organization and were, honestly, just a subset of both the latter agency and Stark Industries.Both organizations were aimed at keeping the world at large safe from internal and external threats; that was the reason S.W.O.R.D had been created in the first place. The knowledge of aliens and other threats in space could not be handled by S.H.I.E.L.D, not when they were trying to maintain a handle on groups that were locally grown. Many thought Hydra a thing of the past, but they had easily infiltrated S.H.I.E.L.D, the US government, and the world security council; as of the current year, the organization had been silent, but that didn’t mean it had disappeared.  For now, though, Monica’s main mission was tracking down Stark’s tech that might be floating out in the world and making sure that groups like Hydra never got their hands on it. The fact that Monica was actively receiving help from Vision and Wanda Maximoff on their stolen magical objects did have some ties to her work with S.W.O.R.D; they didn’t exactly handle things of a magic nature, however considering that some of those items were also alien in nature, well…It made sense to stay in the loop.So far today, Monica had spoken to both Wanda and Jimmy on an upcoming black market auction that was taking place in Concord; the tip was credible, causing the FBI agent to get a team ready to descend on the target location at the same time members of the Avengers were slated to do their own investigation. There wasn’t really anything Monica needed to do, other than pass along the info from Wanda to Jimmy and she figured her job in the matter was done.She had already begun to shift her attentions to a matter Nick wanted her to look at involving a covert uprising within the Skrull community. It was something local, within the alien race itself, but according to the bald man, there was enough murmuring to catch his notice.“Darcy?” she answered, concerned for the number of calls the young woman had put through. “Are you okay? Is something…?”“Your boys notify you of anything happening this evening?”“I’m sorry, what?”“Within the last hour,” the scientist continued, not at all heeding the previous concerned questioning. “There has been a significant amount of CMBR happening somewhere in southeast Europe.”Monica knew better than to question the validity of Darcy’s statement, so instead she went around to her desk and woke up her sleeping computer. “What’ve you got?”“I honestly was just hanging out with a glass of wine, when I get an alert from the university that something’s going down,” came the fast explanation. “I rushed over as quick as I could, looked up where the weirdness is happening, and it’s no place I’ve ever heard of.”“Where?”“Some place called Transia,” Darcy said. “It’s way over in BFE, that’s for sure, and very few people have even heard of it. But when I traced back the signals, it’s coming right from there. Or rather, a mountain range within the country.”Monica quickly looked up the country, confirming the scientist’s information – the country was Transia was extremely small, a few thousand people living in the country proper. From the very few geographic images she could find, the mountain range was one of the highlights of the area, dating from centuries before the country itself was even officially formed.“What exactly is causing it?” the captain asked, quietly.“If I didn’t know the signature, I’d ask where Wanda was right now,” Darcy joked. “But this is unlike anything I’ve seen before, which is saying something. I thought maybe Thor could be behind this, but…I haven’t seen that guy since before the Snap and this sure isn’t a retro TV show dreamt up by a grieving woman. This…Monica…I don’t know what this is.”The captain began to notify her own scientists, directing them to check on the signal and to report back on what they found. Monica trusted Darcy and given her experiences, was an expert on the strange goings on seemed to happen on the planet and if even she couldn’t identify what was happening, the captain was sure her team would have issues.“We’ll figure it out,” she replied. “And thankfully, we have help. Wanda threw me bone, so it’s only right I throw one back to her.”“Well…” Darcy began. “If they’re hanging out with that Strange guy, he might have an idea of what’s going on.” The brunette took a beat, before asking, “Have you heard anything on Hayward?”“Nothing,” the captain sighed. “It’s like he just disappeared, which I know is impossible, but no one’s apparently seen him.”“I really don’t like him being out and about.”“Neither do it,” Monica agreed. “Hayward’s not the kind of person who just forgets about being wrong or slighted. Who knows what he’s doing.”“Well, I’d like to know.”“Yeah,” Monica chuckled. “You and me both. I just hope it’s nothing dangerous.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter XII
  
   

  The Darkhold

  A part of the Dark Dimension

  Current internal location unknown

  Current external location…

  Current time unknown

   
Tommy Maximoff didn’t know a lot about superpowers.He knew they were cool - you had superpowers, how was that not cool? - and that they could be used for good things, but also bad things. The ten-year-old also knew that his parents had superpowers - he’d seen them, even before they had been used against a bunch of bad guys - and he knew he and his brother had them.He also knew his ‘uncle’ had superpowers, the same as his, though how a complete stranger was able to have the same super speed he did and not be related, he didn’t know or even understand; he figured it had something to do with Agnes and how the two brothers managed to get themselves in this strange, dark place.But back to superpowers…Tommy knew about his superpowers, as in, he knew he had them and he knew what they were. He also knew that his brother Billy had superpowers, he knew what they were, but he didn’t actually understand them; the boy knew that his brother could hear the thoughts of other people and he could levitate stuff just like their mother could.Up until the two found themselves in this strange book world, Billy hadn’t really had any issues with his powers; in fact, his powers had saved their father’s life and had saved their lives when that mean government agent had shot at them. Now, however, wherever they were was affecting his brother in the worst way; Billy had once told him that whenever he could hear the thoughts of other people, it was always loud, loud like…the bomber blasts in their favorite video game, loud like being at a rock concert, loud like a hundred people were in your head and talking all at once.The older twin couldn’t imagine what that was like, then again, once his powers kicked in it seemed like things slowed down considerably unless he was moving. He wasn’t sure what that was about, but he’d come to expect that he was a little more impatient than Billy, who liked to take his time on things and learn about them before he made his move.Watching the pain cross his brother’s face was not something Tommy enjoyed, not at all. Billy may have been a dork - the biggest dork of all - but it didn’t mean he wanted his brother hurt; or at least, if anyone was gonna hurt the little dofus, it was going to be him. Whatever new ‘person’ had come into their little void had at least brought a little light with him, though not much, and it didn’t really do all that much to lighten the situation, as it were.The all encompassing darkness was only lifted slightly, but they were still surrounded by black shadows on all sides. And the small bit of light did nothing to lift the oppressive and depressive heaviness that seem to crush anyone who stood within. How the boys managed to keep their spirits up in a place like this was unprecedented and something the atmosphere had never seen before, but it was taking its toll.Billy sat in the place he had been in for the last…well, they actually didn’t know how long they had been here. The younger twin had said he’d been able to contact their mother, but who knew how long ago that was. Had it been earlier in the day? The night before? Last week? Last month?Last year?There was no time in this place and while the elder hadn’t said anything, Tommy wondered just how long they had been in here. If - and that was a really big if - they ever got out of here, how much time would have passed in the outside world? Would they leave, still being 10 year old boys, but finding out their parents had aged? Maybe they had created another family, losing hope that they would ever see their first-borns again.Or maybe…Maybe they would never leave this place.“Tommy,” the younger boy whimpered, hearing the thought clearly from his brother. The other voices were now constant, bombarding his mind space, always crying for help, always hoping for a way out and the boy being powerless to do anything to help. In this instance, Billy tried to think what his mother would do, what his father would do in this situation. His mother had told him, told them both, that family was forever and that meant that, no matter what, they would always be together even if they weren’t.Honestly, neither Billy or Tommy understood what they meant until they found themselves here, alone in this strange, dark place, and their parents nowhere to be found. And to be perfectly frank, Billy had been terrified; yes, he had his brother with him, but…he was still a little kid and their parents were adults.Adults knew everything, which meant Mom and or Dad would know exactly what to do here. And they were the people he needed the most.But if he couldn’t have his mother, he could at least imagine what it was that she would do. She would try to hold on to the person she was closest to, so that’s what Billy did; being a twin was an immense help, but that seemed to be amplified by the power he clearly had inherited from his mother. And while Mom would’ve latched on to the closest family member, Dad would’ve tried to have learned as much as he could about where he was and what was happening. That was how Billy was able to glean that they were somehow within the book that Agnes had carried around and that they were just two of many, many different souls that were trapped here.The other interesting fact was that Billy and Tommy weren’t like the other souls here.The other souls that were trapped had dabbled with the spells or incantations in the book or they had made literal deals with the devil that had them turning over their souls to achieve what they needed and wanted; however Tommy and Billy had done none of that. They were, by all intents and purposes, innocent souls that had somehow gotten sucked into the book. And the one thing that the younger twin heard repeatedly was that the twins were an anomaly.And that meant they were somehow special.“Billy?” asked Tommy, still leaning over his brother. “Doing okay?”The younger boy shook his head in the negative. “My head hurts,” he whined. “The voices…everything’s getting louder.”Tommy squatted down, his hand never leaving his brother’s shoulder. “What do I do?” he asked, his voice shaky but as strong as a ten year old could have at the moment. “What can I do?”Billy shook his head. It was appreciated, the help his brother was more than willing to give, but it wouldn’t necessarily help in this situation. Something big was happening, he could feel it. “Something’s happening,” he whispered, his little body beginning to sway back and forth. “I…I don’t know what it is, but something is happening, Tommy.”“What?”The younger boy’s only comment was to groan in pain, bending over and holding himself tightly. “Billy!?”Tommy didn’t know what was happening, but he could feel it; he felt the tingle that started in his body before the tingle became painful and he too bent over in pain, dropping to his knees next to his brother. The atmosphere around them swirled, neither closing in nor staying away, just whirling around as the boys cried out in torture.
  What’s going on?!

  I don’t know!

  This hurts!

  I wish Mom and Dad were here.

  I miss them, too. I hope we see them again.
There was pressure from all sides - in their heads, in their eyes, in their ears, their bodies as a whole felt like they were being squeezed tightly, skin and guts oozing out as they decompressed. Is this was dying felt like? Were they dying? If so, they hadn't said things they should’ve - did their parents know they loved them? That they were so grateful that they, Tommy and Billy, were chosen to be the children of Wanda and Vision, that they had been the best parents for what they had.This was it.
  Mom...Dad...we love you.
They were dying and in a short amount of life, too.Tommy couldn’t lie; the thought that they should age themselves up, age up to teenagers or adults was strong. Maybe their older selves could help with this, maybe being older would give them the wisdom needed to survive this, to do what their parents weren’t here to help with.It was ultimately the last thought the elder boy had, as the pain became too overwhelming to both, causing their eyes to close and darkness to take them. 
 
  Burlington County, New Jersey, US

  Lakehurst, northwest of Hope Chapel Road

  Night

   Two days earlier 
 The encampment of arrant S.W.O.R.D agents had been in a silent contingent since their former director and lead agent had left earlier in the day. That left the senior agent on duty as Rodriguez and to be honest, she was completely confused as to what she should do.It was no secret that the agent was not a fan of the new book their former director seemed to have on his person at all times. She thought the book dangerous and thought Hayward was obsessed with it; Monti of course dismissed her concerns as ‘irrelevant’ or ‘overbearing’, though he was a bit more sympathetic than some of the other agents who thought she was overreacting when it came to their director’s executive decisions.This wasn’t the first time the Latina had to contend against resentment of her position, her race, and her gender. Respected she may have been for some agents, others thought there was an ulterior motive to her position and when she made the observations like she had, questions of her clarity and ultimately, her allegiance to the cause rose to the forefront. Director Hayward was doing something that the upstart Rambeau couldn’t do and wouldn’t do; if it meant he had to learn from some dusty old book, speaking his thoughts aloud, than that’s what he did.Leadership was often a bearer of the heaviest head and Hayward had always shown that he would do whatever it took to protect the earth and the humans that lived on it. He was the only man who had stood and confronted an Avenger, two of them, and refused to treat them as anything but menaces on the general public. He saw the ‘group’ for what they were - secret terrorists, most likely in league with those who would do harm to the planet and mankind as a whole, only coming to the rescue when it suited it them.So it wasn’t really a surprise when, upon the return of both the former director and his number two man, that Rodriguez was suddenly nowhere to be found. It was what most agents were suspecting - either the Latina couldn’t hack it, had called it quits, and had left or Hayward found her lack of faith disturbing, had fired her, and she had left.No one, not even the loyal five man band the director was left with, ever knew the truth.At least, not until much later.At that moment, however, Hayward and Monti had arrived at their hidden camp locale, the former happy in that their search had proved very fruitful, arriving through the camp with the name of the newest threat they would need to face. The atmosphere within the encampment was excitement; after all the roadblocks that had been encountered, finally they had a win and it seemed to be a big one.Hayward held up his hand, quieting down the mirth and cheer. “This is a great step forward,” he announced, looking at the agents around him. They were a small bunch - only a reserve of about 25 to 30 agents - but they were clearly more loyal to the cause and overall protection of the world than the ingrates that stayed with Rambeau. “But we aren’t done yet. Agent Monti and I were able to get the name of a looming threat, something that threatens the entity of our human population.“I still need to learn more, but I feel confident that this threat is something or rather, someone that we’re quite familiar with,” he continued. “However, as always, I’ll need your help.”“Of course, sir,” replied one agent.“We’re behind you every step of the way, Director!” shouted another.Hayward grinned, nodding to the sentiments being thrown. Holding up the book in his hand, he continued addressing the crowd. “I know some of you have been wondering or you’ve heard talk from Agent Rodriguez about this book. Let me tell you, here and now, that this…is just a book. Granted, it’s a very special and unique book, but it is just a tool in the grand scheme of things.“I’m not being possessed by the book,” he chuckled. “And any influence that Rodriguez would like you all to think is happening is just me reading and re-reading and learning everything I can within these pages. And they have been a tremendous help. We made a lot of mistakes dealing with Maximoff and the Vision. And a big one was that we just didn’t learn enough about those two.“Maximoff in particular was far more powerful and far more cunning than we originally realized and I believe that is what led her to manipulating the Vision out of our control. The actions of Rambeau, Woo, and Lewis only added to that.“However,” he stated, hoisting up the book. “This book, which was discovered in the very town Maximoff terrorized, is the answer to getting her and the Vision back where they belong. And that’s where you all come in; you’ve been instrumental in helping me get this far and I’ll need your help to go even further.”Again, the agents in attendance all nodded their consent, thinking nothing of it when the director opened the tome. “The language will sound strange,” he began, flipping through pages. “But please believe me when I tell you that this is the only way to ensure the safety of this world. Your friends will thank you, your families will thank you, and of course, I thank you for the sacrifice you’re making today.”A few agents looked at each other, clearly not understanding the man’s statement, while others looked around as the strange chanting started. Outside, Monti’s task had been to choose four or five agents he believed were worthy enough to continue on to the final leg, already knowing what would happen to anyone left inside. The entire drive back to Lakehurst had been silent, Monti driving while Hayward continued reading the book, a few murmurs about a ‘red witch’ or something passing through his lips.Monti was loyal, there had never been a doubt about that, but even he had to admit that his breaking point may have been in Preston’s home and watching the man’s…life, essentially, get drained out of him. That had been a disturbing scene and one that he never wanted to view again, hence why he was several yards away with agents Lirars, Borden, Shaw, and Schuler, explaining to them the incredibly secret and dangerous mission they were about to go on.These four agents were the ones Monti trusted above all else, even above Rodriguez, and ones he knew would never question an order once given.The part of his conscience that still resided inside him felt horrible at what was about to happen, what those agent would experience; Monti had no idea what happened to a person’s life force after the director used the book and honestly, the agent didn’t want to know. He’d seen the aftermath and he didn’t need to see it again, especially on the larger scale that Hayward was about to perform. And he didn’t want his team to hear it either.Citing that they may need some extra equipment, Monti sent the four off towards the local hardware store, with instructions to pick up some dinner while they were at it. Schuler did think it weird that the food order was smaller than normal, but Monti replied that Hayward would also be sending a few people out, so it made no sense to order a massive amount of food for only six or seven people.The four accepted the reasoning and piled into one of the nearby SUVs, driving off right as the first screams began to come from the tent. Hearing the old man actor scream was nothing compared to the screams of the twenty or so people he personally knew and had personally worked with and Monti realized he did not have the fortitude to listen any longer; instead, he grabbed a set of earbuds from his jacket pocket and began playing the last song on he listened to, hoping that by the end of the song, Hayward’s task would be over.Inside the tent, Hayward stood in the middle of a swirling vortex of souls, the cries of terror and confusion surrounding him as the incantation did its work. As with the actor Preston, Hayward felt nothing as his lips moved, speaking the words that pulled the souls of his agents into the book. This…this was immense and immediate…the power he had felt at Preston’s was a literal blip in comparison to what he felt now.Preston had been the payment the book needed, however the souls that were being delivered were done willingly, every agent had given their permission to help their former director and that was all the confirmation the book wanted. The more souls the book had, the more powerful it was and the more powerful Hayward became.Once the final soul had dissipated within the book, the last scream silenced between the ancient words, Hayward opened his eyes. His body felt strange, strong, a tingling coursing through his blood, through his very bones; the feeling was hard to explain. It was the feeling one might have in the aftermath of a workout, where muscles seemed to vibrate and pulse due to their growth.That was what Hayward felt, a tingle and vibration that went through his entire body. He’d always been fit, but his physique now felt…more; stronger, bigger, even taller maybe.“How do you feel?” the book asked, curious to know what its disciple could feel.“Powerful,” the man whispered, a smile ghosting across his face.“That’s because you are,” the book said. “You need to be in order to face your foe.”“The Scarlet Witch,” Hayward sneered. “Who is she? Where do I find her?”
  “She is unlike any other foe you may have encountered. She is meant to be a destroyer of worlds.”
Hayward chuckled. “You don’t know how the world works today,” he said. “There are world destroyers that walk the streets every day and we praise them for it. Believe me, I’ve been working to get rid of them and showing the public who and what they truly are.”The book was an object, but Hayward could almost feel it smile slightly.“You are ready,” the book whispered, happily. “The Scarlet Witch must be summoned to the underground caverns of Mount Wundagore. There, her essence will be trapped for all eternity. But getting her there won’t be easy.”This time, Hayward was the one smiling. This ‘scarlet witch’ had been in his grasp once and he had even tried to get the others around him to admit that was the name Wanda Maximoff was going under to no avail. The last time Hayward had seen the redheaded terrorist, she and The Vision had been standing in the town square, screaming for their make-believe children; the two had been swept away into the same book he held in his hands, though at the time in was in the hands of an unknown woman dressed in black and purple.His initial assessment had been the woman was a collaborator with Maximoff and the android, but the fact that both women had been involved in fighting with each other when he and his team arrived meant that she was after the couple. This was especially proven true when the woman managed to get her hands on the alternate children.“Getting the Scarlet Witch’s attention is a simple matter,” the former director replied. “And I believe you actually hold the answer to that. Your knowledge is vast, as you’ve shown me, and I believe within your pages are two souls that maybe don’t belong.”The book considered the man’s words, wondering what ulterior motives were at play, but after a moment it sensed the words were true. The book of sins sought souls of those who came willingly, whose greatest desires matched the ones the book offered; the caves of Wundagore was the book’s true home and its true master lay, awaiting someone worthy to release him.But it had been eons since he’d roam this plane of existence and its master needed a vessel, which was where the Scarlet Witch came into play. The chaotic magic this being held was enough to get the master to full strength and give him the ability to finish what he had started so long ago. In searching itself, the book did find two souls that seemed misplaced, powerful though small on the scale in which they operated and untrained.
  “I know the souls you speak of.”
“Good,” Hayward nodded. Turning to look over his shoulder, he noticed that Monti had returned to the tent. “We’re going to need a plane. We have somewhere to be.” 
 Arranging for air transport was difficult, especially when Hayward no longer had access to military or government equipment, but Monti had some pull. Not a lot, but some, enough to get them out of Trenton-Mercer in a decent amount of time. It was over a thirteen hour flight from the east coast to that of eastern Europe and even then, Hayward and his team would need to reach Transia, find this Wundagore, and then find the caverns within.Trenton-Mercer wasn’t known for its Europe flights, in fact the airport mostly worked in the US, but there was a pilot that owed the former agent, being a former Air Force pilot herself and being Monti’s ex helped make the journey possible. It meant having to take a charter plane, though considering the team only consisted of six people, and it was imperative that this mission wasn’t on any official airport records.As soon as the quartet returned, both Monti and Hayward were hurrying out to the car and instructing the driver – Borden – to keep the vehicle running, ignoring the questioning about food as the duo went to their own car and started it. Through their controlled earpieces, Monti informed the other car to follow them and that they would be leaving for Europe within the hour.While there was confusion on the part of the quartet, they none the less followed, no one bothering to question the strange order and instead doing what was asked. Hayward waiting until they were far enough away to active and deploy the drone that had been sitting stationary at the base camp; the former director controlled the device, watching as the encampment came up on his tablet before pressing the red fire button.The drone proceeded to send four missiles, one by one, into the area, completely destroying the setup and everything inside. Nothing would survive, just ashes and the remains of tent particles.Forty-eight minutes later, Monti and Borden were pulling into the parking lot of TTN. Thanks to Monti’s inside woman, the group didn’t need to go through the standard security check, instead making their way past the line of people until they were in the terminal itself and even then, the stay was only fifteen minutes. Despite the help, Monti’s former partner wouldn’t be their pilot, but someone else in the agent’s trusted circle would.Diego Las Crucez had previously worked with Monti, Rodriguez, and Shaw, so being tasked to charter them across the ocean was nothing he was unfamiliar with. No introductions were made to the others, though the pilot did ask, “No Luce?”“Couldn’t make it,” Monti replied, his face a mask of stony indifference. “Got caught up in another case we’re working on, but I’ll tell her you asked about her.”No further communication was had as the small entourage walked through the airport, reaching the tarmac and heading for the small plane on the right side of the field. The Dassault Falcon 50EX was a fairly popular super mid-sized private charter jets, originally commissioned back in 1976, the Falcon was the world’s first civil aircraft to feature supercritical wings, while the updated version of the 50EX added three new allied-signal TFE 731-40 engines with increased thrust, specific fuel consumption reduction, and lower maintenance cost.By the plane’s very design, the group would only be able to fly to Paris in order to refuel and then making the last three hour flight into Bulgaria, the closest they could possibly get to Transia, as the country was somewhere within the Balkan Mountain range. But that’s why Monti choose the people he had; Lirars, while not fluent, did know some Serbian and knew a little Bulgarian, at least enough for them to get by. They would need it once they reached the streets of the surrounding countryside.Las Crucez led the group on board, directing them towards the passenger seats, while he himself strapped in and began to prepare the plane for take off. Tan leather seats greeted them, with a business section just behind the pilot’s seat, complete with two African mahogany finished desks on either side of the aisle.The aft parts of the plane featured the rest of the plane’s seating, along with left and right galleys with full bar and oven amenities and the aft lavatory. Hayward didn’t waste any time, grabbing the nearest desk and placing the book down on it. “I want to thank you all for coming with me on this assignment,” he began. “I didn’t want to say anything in the case we were overheard, but as I told the others, this mission we’re on is of great importance.”“What’s the mission, Director?” asked Schuler, taking one of the seats behind the executive chair, just behind Monti.“As you know,” Hayward began. “We lost sight of Wanda Maximoff and The Vision a while ago, thanks to the actions of Captain Rambeau and her band of irritating insurgents. However, after reading the book, I now know why she’s been so difficult to find.” Looking at the agents around him, he said, “Do you recall me asking Agent Woo what Maximoff’s Avenger code name was?” The others nodded.“And you remember how he lied to my face,” he continued. “Stating that she didn’t have one or hadn’t been known by one? As I now know, she was just hiding her true powers, not only from the public and the Sokovia Accords, but from her very teammates. There is a section in this book that talks about a Scarlet Witch, a being that can unleash destructive waves of power.”“And that’s Maximoff?” asked Borden, horrified at the implications.Hayward nodded. “I believe so,” he said. “That’s why the sudden change of direction and the quick trip. We’re going to lay a trap for Maximoff and stop her before she destroys the world.”“And what of The Vision?” Shaw asked, raising a slim black eyebrow. “We initially believed that the recovered body had been destroyed within the anomaly, but considering he seems to be popping up wherever she is, we have to assume that she somehow was able to get control back from our programming.”“I agree, Shaw,” Hayward replied. “That’s the only reasonable explanation, which means that we are well in our rights to prevent Maximoff from using The Vision in a hostile manner. He’s government property and she has illegally taken possession of him; that’s why we’re heading to Europe. There’s a place where I believe she’ll head to in order to start her reign of terror. And that’s where we’re going to stop her.”“Sir, what about the Avengers?” asked Schuler.“What Avengers?” Monti retorted.“You mean Col. Rhodes and the new Captain America,” Hayward confirmed, causing the woman to nod.“They were Avengers along with Maximoff and the Vision,” she continued. “Do you foresee any issues with them coming to her aid?”“Good eye,” the director said, smiling. “I do, actually, and I’m expecting and even hoping for it. They may have fought Thanos, but the majority of that group are still wanted fugitives; only Rhodes has acted in good faith according to his duties as an Avenger and to the Sokovia Accords. I wouldn’t put it past a criminal to get together with her criminal cohorts, which is all the better for us.“Not only do we capture and subdue Maximoff, but we have a good chance of capturing Wilson, Barnes, and maybe even Clint Barton. Plus, we get our currently highly unstable weapon back.”“Sir?” Lirars asked, looking around her. “I hate to ask, but…there’s only six of us against five or even six Avengers. How exactly are we going to be able to fight them off?”If the agent had asked this months ago, when they all stood around a table trying to understand Maximoff’s motivations, Hayward may have been more worried; he had seen the power of the witch first hand, when she had cleverly mind controlled his agents to nearly kill him. Even then, he had an ace up his sleeve with the deprogrammed Vision, also known as Project Cataract.Now, however…now, Tyler could actually admit he underestimated the true powers of the redhead. How she had overcome the detailed programming put in place by his scientists, he didn’t know; clearly, the hold she had over Vision was far stronger than he realized, despite the android being devoid of anything that made him human. That was the last thing they wanted; it was the equivalent of a toaster having feelings.But knowing that Maximoff had some sort of hold over Vision, it could mean she also had control of the other Avengers. Hayward wouldn’t put it past her, but even if she didn’t, criminals were always thick as their namesakes. She wouldn’t come alone and that meant he could prove his worth by not only killing the Scarlet Witch, but retrieving their money making robot and delivering three wanted fugitives.Tyler Hayward smiled at his last remaining agents, his hand coming to rest against his abdomen. “Don’t worry,” he said. “I have it all taken care of.”No one other than the former director knew what that meant and they wouldn’t see for themselves until they reached the caverns of this Mount Wundagore.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter XIII
   
  Stamford, Connecticut, US

  Long Island Sound

  Shippan neighborhood

  Harbor Drive Condo, Home of David Collin Porter

  Two days earlier
 There was a lot of commotion on the streets of Long Island Sound, specifically that of Harbor Drive, where an ambulance and two police cruisers sat on the side of the road, right outside the condo there.Despite being out of the way from the rest of the city proper, LIS was still a fairly well to do neighborhood, so of course their emergency services were on top of things. It didn't explain why there were also three FBI agents in the area, which Agatha found extremely interesting.After losing the trail of the Darkhold back in New Jersey, Agatha decided to refocus her efforts and instead began looking for anything strange happening due to magical persuasion. The search had been near pointless - most of these events were just stupid children playing  with toys they didn't understand or deserve to play with in the first place. An upside had been her ability to at least find some of these magical objects, doing her due diligence of delivering them back to Strange and his Sanctum. Agatha wouldn't admit it - ever - but Strange's approval of her task made her feel...happy; no, she chalked it up to the handsome young sorcerer for the giddiness the gratitude gave her and nothing more. Overall, these weren't huge achievements and she was pretty sure the man servant could've done this on his own, but the two were looking for items themselves, not to mention their other duties as the Sorcerer Supreme and his Monk Sidekick.And of course all three were doing their best to try and find the Darkhold and the Maximoff children trapped within.To be quite honest, the elder witch had put the search for the book high on her priorities list, something she never would have done in a former life. She couldn't exactly explain it - maybe it was her mother's words from the beyond, the fact that Wanda was a good kid who was just trying to find a semblance of happiness in her life, or Agatha's role in dooming two innocent children in an ancient book of evil - but she felt...more of a responsibility to this mission than she had when trying to learn everything in the book.Without its influence, she almost felt like that young girl from centuries past; eager to learn from her mother, from her coven sisters, and ready to tackle the world around her. That world had changed in four hundred years, yet it managed to stay the same in other regards to the constraints of humanity. In her day, it had been witches, warlocks, and wizards - the names simple mortals gave to those who practiced medicine and healing, those who went against the church and their 'divine insights'; now it was the 'enhanced individual', people used to better their positions in war or better their understanding of science before it backfired and even the appearance of mystical gods.What a time to be alive!She couldn't say the same for the poor schmuck who lived in this condo, though.Long Island Sound, specifically this particular condo in the Shippan neighborhood on Harbor Drive, was the next stop on her Darkhold Kids Road Tour and for the first time in a few weeks, it looked like she actually had a lead. The area seemed relatively okay until she came upon the scene of an ambulance and police cars. Naturally curious, Agatha stopped to do a little rubbernecking and slammed the proverbial brakes when she noticed the FBI logo on the back of a jacket.And when she got closer, she was knocked back by the presence that was all book of sins.It was like going cold turkey on something and then having it again for the first time in...forever. Honestly, it had only been a few months for Agatha, but the lingering touch of magic hit her like a stagecoach on the run from a bunch of bank robbers. She could feel it, taste it even, and the desire to possess the book again was seeping through her veins as she loitered about the crime scene.Gathering her wits about her and taking several deep breaths, she made herself as invisible as she could, a spell leaving her fingers to mask her presence from the authorities and other looky-loos so she could go about learning what actually happened. From the talk outside, the renter apparently had a heart attack, which none of the paramedics seemed to feel was too concerning.The man was in his mid to late seventies and considering the stacked bar and some empty bottles that were found around the home, it was a foregone conclusion that too much drink had started the clock and done the man in. Agatha nodded along with the assessment, however it didn't answer the question of why there were government agents on the scene. Was the man a former agent? A defector? A spy?Turning from the idle EMT chatter, the witch made her way up the stairs and inside the residence where two officers and two FBI agents stood in the living room and partial kitchen. There was a lab tech leaning over a covered body on the floor - the Martin Preston that was the renter or owner - and the agents were speaking to the officers."We got the call about twenty minutes ago," one of the officers was saying. "One of the victim's neighbors came over and found the door unlocked, which apparently is very out of character. They came in, calling for him, and found him on the floor.""Any indication of a struggle or anything like that?" asked one of the FBI agents. The officer shook his head."EMTs looked at him and checked the vitals," she replied. "Pretty clear he had a heart attack or a stroke. Unfortunately, he lives alone, so there was no one here to get him help."The FBI agent, a middle-aged Asian man, nodded, his eyes looking around the condo as though searching for something. "You'll forgive me for asking," the officer concluded. "But what exactly does a heart attack victim have to do with the FBI?"The agent looked back at the officer and smiled. "Mr. Preston was under our protection," he stated. "Sorry, I can't say anymore than that." He handed over a white card. "Let me know if you guys find anything." He nodded to the officer before leading his partner past them and out the door.There was clearly a story with the feds, so Agatha decided to follow them out, leaving the suspicious police officers with the corpse in the kitchen. Just entering the dwelling caught the witch on the fact that this was no heart attack; whatever happened here was the work of the Darkhold and the question was who had it and where did it go.And it seemed like the FBI knew more than they were telling."What're you gonna tell the bosses?" asked the junior agent, causing the elder one to sigh."No idea," he replied. "I mean, I definitely have to tell them about the death, which I guess is helpful, but it only means more paperwork. Hey listen, I gotta make a phone call real quick, I'll meet you back at the car." The other agent nodded, walking off to the aforementioned car and leaving the Asian man standing there."Gotta talk to your girlfriend, sonny?" Agatha questioned, watching as the man pulled out a cell phone, flipped through a few things before pulling up whatever contact he needed."Hey Mon, it's me," he responded as soon as the other line rang. "Yeah, I'm back in the states. Remember that missing persons case I followed to Westview?"Westview?"Well, turns out he's been holed up here in Connecticut," he continued. "No, he just died. Heart attack I guess. Which...sad, but not sure how this is gonna affect my case back home. Anyway, I was actually calling cause...huh? Yeah, I'm still working that, why? Oh yeah? So weird you called, I have another...uh...well, I wouldn't say friend, but...anyway, I had an informant text me about it. Somewhere in Boston, right?"The Asian man nodded, listening to whatever conversation was happening on the other end. Agatha wished she could hear it, because now her own suspicions were raised. What a very convenient coincidence that the FBI agent standing at the scene of a crime that was most likely perpetrated by the Darkhold was also someone who had traveled or had been in Westview. He didn't look familiar, but the name 'Mon' did ring a bell, but she just could not place where she had heard it or why it was standing out to her so."Yeah, okay," he said. "I'm sure I can get some guys down there tonight. Thanks for the tip, well...I guess thanks to Scott and Wanda for the tip."Wanda.Curiouser and curiouser."Oh! Hey, before you go…" The agent walked a few feet down the block, looking left and right, clearly making sure that no one could hear the next part of his conversation. "Have you anything about Hayward?" He waited a beat before saying, "I think he may have been here. A couple of the neighbors stated they saw two men in a black SUV pull up to the home. They didn't think anything about it, but it can't be a coincidence that they left and soon after, we find my missing person dead on the floor."Another pause in the conversion as the agent listened. "The description sounds like Hayward," he replied. "Though, it's not like he has any distinguishing features, so for all I know, it was just a guy and his friend. But if it's not…"Agatha continued eavesdropping, her thoughts going over her time in Westview. She tried to remember all the people in town, but honestly, her goal had been to get at Wanda; everyone else was collateral damage and unimportant. There was the one woman, Geraldine, that had seemed far too interested in the young witch, who did end up being one of the government agents involved.But the witch had never learned what her name was, other than Geraldine, which apparently was an alias. She didn't remember the Asian FBI agent and whoever this Hayward person was hadn't been around long for her to get a sense of his purpose. However, the fact that the FBI agent had not only been in Westview, but so had their deceased friend meant that this guy Hayward was someone of interest.The magical presence of the book was still in the air, faint, but heavy. Looking around one last time, the witch rose into the sky and sought out the disappearing trail, following it until it ultimately led her back to that same little area in Lakehurst. The difference however was that where there had been some tents set up was now a smoldering crater. Something had definitely happened here and this place was far more important than she originally thought.Dropping to the ground, Agatha took a few steps around the still burning wreckage, the soil and grass already darkened with soot. The book's energy was still in the air, even stronger than it had been in Connecticut, which meant that it had been here recently.Been here and left.There was something else here, too. Something that Agatha could see and smell before she'd reach the inside of the perimeter of the previous structure.Bodies.Charred. Burned. Smoked, like ready made salmon.The witch looked around, noting that they were far enough away from civilization that it could be days before these people were found. "Time to do my good deed of the day," she muttered, lifting up once again and heading towards the closest establishment. This wasn't the first time she had cursed herself for not keeping up on the latest modern accessory of the smartphone, seeing as the world had moved on from sidewalk phone booths.A local convenience store came into her view first and she quickly landed in the back alley before coming around the corner and rushing through the automatic doors. "Oh, thank goodness!" she exclaimed, running to the counter. "Do you have a phone? Mine's out of juice and I think I saw some smoke coming off an area by Hope Chapel. Please, you need to call the police or the fire department or something!""A fire!?" the clerk shouted, eyes wide in shock. "Um...um...yeah. Yeah! We should call someone!""Yes," the woman nodded, hoping to urge the young man to take some action. Glared into that very action, the young man grabbed his cell and called the emergency line, giving Agatha the exit she needed and the one she took.Making her way back towards the burned area, she hoped fire and rescue would be able to find it, though to help the group along she made sure to send up a flare to direct them there. She hung in the air, honing in to the distant sounds of alarms, before nodding and turning back the way she came, once again hot on the magical wisp that noted the book's trail.This time, instead of leading back upstate or god forbid, Westview, the trail actually went to the Trenton-Mercer airport. A weird time for the book to be taking a vacation, but the witch decided to roll with it for the moment. The trail of course didn't stop at the airport, it continued on, out towards the bay until it hovered over the Atlantic…Where in the world was the book going?Did this Hayward person have it? And if so, what exactly was he planning to do with it? And why was he going to Europe?"What a time for me to not keep up on my frequent flyer miles," the witch muttered, taking a deep breath as she floated higher in the sky and continued the journey.  Thirteen very,  very  long hours later - give or take some time to get breakfast at a little cafe in Paris - Agatha finally reached the end of this very unnecessary and unwanted trip to Europe. And found herself in the mountain range of the Balkans.Again, the witch was completely at a loss at to why the Darkhold would want to be here in the mountains, of all places. If she were honest with herself, being in the area was highly uncomfortable; it reminded her of the coven. They had laid their stakes in a land similar to this, covered in grass, and surrounded by a mountain landscape. Even the smell of trees and pine was the same.In her reminiscence, a story her mother had told her came to mind - it was the story of the elder god; the god who wrote the Darkhold with the blood and skin of his victims. He carved out a section of mountain in Wallachia, which would in turn become the country named Transia. Agatha sucked in a gulp of air, the implications assaulting her quicker than she expected.This...was not something she could handle on her own. But she had just flown over thirteen hours from the US to here and it would be another thirteen if she wanted to alert anyone to what was happening. She had told Wanda she was a powerful witch that sought more power; she knew all the tricks of the trade, so if she couldn't find a way to get a message to someone, then she wasn't worth the magic spells she claimed to weave.Time to get to work.  
  Esopus, New York, US

  Ulster County, West of the Hudson River

  The Recommissioned New Avengers Facility

  Present day
 The takedown of Sonny Burch's black market auction had been a success, even with the disappearance of Burch himself. They had still been able to round up a host of different illegal arms, weapons, art, and other dealers - especially that of SuperDanny himself - plus they had been able to retrieve a large number of Stark blueprints, plans, and weapons, and they were able to turn over several magical objects to the Masters of the Mystic Arts.All in all, not a bad night.Returning back to the compound, the new team of Avengers were wary, but happy; Kate was beyond excited, to the point that she managed to stay up far later than she should've, speaking to Clint and giving him a run down of everything that had happened that night. Luis too, could hardly believe being involved - though indirectly - with an official Avengers mission. Kurt had not only enjoyed his own remote involvement, but getting to speak and learn from F.R.I.D.A.Y had been  his  actual highlight, something Luis and Scott teased him about."Alright," Rhodes stated, once everyone had once again assembled in the common room. "That was a good assignment. But just remember, it was just a start. We managed to put a huge dent into the operations, but you can bet there's still more out there.""True that," Sam agreed. "Joaquin texted me earlier about something he wants to discuss tomorrow morning, so if you all have time, we can see what he needs. Let's try to shut the door on this so no more people get hurt."The group wholeheartedly agreed on the sentiment, even Vision and Wanda, who wanted to ensure they could do everything they could before going off to finish their own quest. That was actually troubling for them at the moment - outside of learning about SuperDanny's involvement and directing Wong to the recovered items at tonight's auction, neither the Sorcerer Supreme, his assistant, or their wayward elder witch had contacted them in regards to the Darkhold.While this could be a case of no news is good news, in this case, no news was a bit suspicious and worrisome.For the moment, the couple would need to spend another night wondering where the book was and in whose hands it stayed.The next morning saw both Kate and Luis depart, though both were reluctant to do so, the former trying to talk her way into staying on in the case she was needed. Luis had been in deep conversation - or discussion - on something Vision had brought up. The two had been talking about the security consultant's own time in prison, when the synthezoid had mentioned the saying, "snitches wind up in ditches."Or rather, he had said, "You know what they say about snitches?"And Wanda had finished with, "They wind up in ditches."That of course had Hope immediately correcting the couple on the actual saying, which Vision had vehemently disagreed with and Wanda just shrugging at the look Hope gave her. Wanda was of course well aware that her husband had the saying wrong, but he'd been saying it long enough that she had just started finishing the sentence without thought.The matter only got worse when Luis repeated it, causing the two women to call him on it. "How?" Hope asked, incredulously. "How are you getting this wrong?""Vision, I swear, if you've somehow changed this on the Internet…""Why do you assume  I  had anything to do with that?" he retorted. "Which I didn't, by the way. Where do you think I learned about it in the first place?"How that conversation led into Luis' grandmother getting scammed by a fake door to door grocery salesman - how such a thing existed led them into  another  conversation about the Latino's friend's cousin's nephew who  also  tried doing groceries door to door…Hope had quickly noped out of the beginning of the first story, leaving the Maximoffs completely enthralled and even curious as to how all of these random, yet far-fetched tales could be happening to one man and his family. Needless to say, as Luis was leaving, he was fielding off his own questions from the couple.With the morning departures handled - Happy being genuinely non-plussed by giving the two rides back into the city - the rest of the group once again found themselves convened within the conference room.Lt. Torres was already in conversation with Sam and Bucky, only taking a moment to nod as the others began to filter in. "Hey everyone," the young man greeted, waiting until the others gathered around or took seats at the table. "I had an update for Sam that I thought you might find helpful.""We both do," Rhodes replied, coming to stand at the head of the table, just to the right of the holographic lieutenant. "I had to pull strings, but Ross is giving us the opportunity to interview the two suspects we've got in custody. Granted, we took down a few people here, but our best chance of stopping anything else from happening is to start there.""Secretary Ross has given us all the clearance to leave the country?" questioned Vision, a note of suspicion in his voice. It was no longer a secret that the synthezoid had some...very strong opinions on the current secretary of state and the feeling was quite mutual from the other side. Only Rhodes and Tony had been actual participants in the meetings between the two, but they were anything but friendly.The tenuous stance between the Avengers and the government was shaky on the best of days and the last few years had put a partial barrier between allowing the group's assistance and military personnel going it alone. There were absolutely no illusions about the fact that the obvious hold up on the matter was everyone who was  not  Col. Rhodes.Sam may have had the shield, may be the new Captain America, and may have shown far more strength and compassion than the previous golden boy, but Ross would always,  always  see the man who had joined with Rogers in not signing the accords.Bucky would always be a questionable sleeper agent, with Ross cautioning his involvement lest he suddenly get triggered into working for Hydra.The less said on Ross' feelings about the Maximoffs - and their feelings on him - the better.Rhodes nodded, though Vision caught the small quirk of his lips. "I told him that I couldn't possibly interview two different people, in two different places, by myself," he explained. "And they aren't the only ones involved in this; I think the results of the house party proved that the Avengers work better as a team than one individual member.""Really glad to hear that," Torres said. "Cause I think things may have gotten complicated.""Why do you say that?" Hope asked."So I was talking to Ivo," he began. "You know, our guy here in Malta? He's scared, he's worried about his family, and all of this - to him - seems to be the sign of a corrupt government and we're going to go back to how things were last year. So I tried to appeal to him; told him that yeah, he and his brother-in-law were dealing with a lot of stuff they shouldn't, but it wasn't a done deal. Not if he just told us who he talked to, where he was able to get his merch, and how much of it did he have."That seemed to placate him a little, as did a call to his wife and the assurance that they would not be hurt in any of this. So, he opened up. I already told you how he and his brother-in-law got into this in the first place, but he went on to tell me the actual sites they went to and even the name of another buyer outside of that SuperDanny guy you all caught. Then, he tells me his in-law actually has a connection over here in the states.""Like a buyer?" asked Bucky."Possibly," Torres confirmed. "He wasn't exactly sure, only that whoever this person was or is works in a government agency.""Which one?" Wanda inquired, her look of shock mixing with the others'.Torres shrugged. "He isn't sure," he said. "But he thought it was covert, something like black ops. That got him worried enough that his wife ended up sending him some images from her brother's phone. I sent them over a few minutes ago.""I have them, Sam," FRIDAY's voice informed them.She immediately began to deploy the five or six images that had been sent over. Three of the images were of research equipment or documents, definitely something that was highly confidential and should only be seen by those authorized to see them; another image was that of what looked to be a weapon of alien origin. It was slightly larger than the standard government issued automatic handgun, with an extended barrel that seemed - in the picture, at least - to be glowing.And then...there was a picture of the strange looking book.It had a black, weathered cover, seemingly made out of dark leather and what looked to be a strange symbol on the cover. The book was definitely old, an antique to anyone not aware of what the book was.Unfortunately, Wanda and Vision knew  exactly  what that was."Where did he get that book?" Wanda hissed, her body tensing at the sight. "Who sent him that image of that book?"Torres looked surprised at the question. "The brother-in-law," he answered. "Or rather, whoever the brother-in-law knows who works at a government agency.""Which  government agency?" Vision insisted. "Lieutenant, that information is paramount to finding where that book is.""What's so special about a book?" asked Scott, thrown off by the complete 180 the couple seemed to have done within the span of minutes."He didn't know," the young lieutenant said, shrugging. "Well, wait...I asked him the same thing and he said it named after a weapon of some sort.""S.H.I.E.L.D?" Bucky questioned. S.H.I.E.L.D didn't truly exist any longer, however that didn't mean there weren't ex-agents out in the field. If a former operative had decided to go the opposite direction of his previous profession, that could be a whole 'nother complication they didn't have time for.Torres shook his head. "No, I asked him that, too," he replied. "He definitely said it was a weapon.""S.W.O.R.D," the synthezoid whispered, the color draining from his face.The lieutenant nodded, slowly. "Yeah," he murmured. "Yeah, I think something like that, but he wasn't sure. He was also scared, so maybe he didn't mean one of  our  government agencies.""Right…" mumbled Wanda, her eyes never leaving the current image. "I need to make a phone call. Possibly two. Vizh...""Yeah," he whispered, standing along with his wife. "I'll find out more on your source, Lieutenant.""Hey guys, wait a minute…"Sam tried to stop the two, but they were already up and out the door, probably the fastest he had ever seen them leave a room together. And that was saying something in the fact of their budding relationship years ago."What's got them so spooked?" Torres asked, looking around at the others. No answers were forth coming.  The phone call to Monica and S.W.O.R.D had been nerve wrecking for Wanda. She liked to think the two were bordering on being friends or at least, were allies in a common goal of trying to stop the actions of people who wanted to hurt and harm. The fact that they both shared in the trouble of losing a parent and the grief that came from that loss tied them together somehow; out of everyone in Westview, the captain had shown she had the young witch's best interests at heart.Even when her own emotions and thoughts told her otherwise.Monica had been straight forward in telling both her and Vision about Hayward's escape and before that, telling her about the trial in the first place."Wanda?""Monica," the redhead said, taking a deep breath once the S.W.O.R.D leader answered. "I'm actually glad you called," the captain replied. "There's something I need to tell you.""And there's something I need to tell you," Wanda insisted. "Monica, you have a potential spy in S.W.O.R.D. A...uh...what do they call it in English? A... podsemni glodar. You know, a little rodent who lives underground.""A mole?""Yes! That!""How do you know?""I've seen the evidence," Wanda stressed. "And it's actually led me to something that could help me find my boys.""The twins?" the captain whispered, her bewilderment clear in her voice. The last time Monica had seen Wanda's children, they had been struggling to free themselves from the grasp of the woman known as Agnes. Monica had stepped in front of a bullet to save those boys, only for them to be swept away by someone she hadn't even pegged as a threat.A bad influence? Absolutely. A threat? Clearly.And apparently, there was a mole within her own organization. "You really think you could get the boys back?" she asked, honestly curious as to how that would actually work.The growing silence on the other end concerned the captain, a part of her wondering if maybe the connection had been lost. Right as she was about to ask if the woman was still there on the line, she heard Wanda's reply of, "I don't know. I hope so. We have to try."Monica nodded, though the action was unseen by the woman on the other end of the line. "Thanks for telling me," she whispered. "Obviously, I didn't clean house as well as I thought I did.""Not your fault," Wanda replied. "For all I know, this is just someone who wanted to make a quick buck, but it is someone who's been taking pictures and showing them around. That's how I know there's someone in your organization; they might be trying to get items onto the black market.""Of course they are.""When it rains, it pours, right?"Monica chuckled. "You got that right," she said. "Which actually brings me to the reason why I'm glad you called. Darcy contacted me.""Darcy?""Right, I don't think the two of you actually ever met," murmured the captain. "She did met Vision, though. Anyway, she's a doctor of astrophysics; she's a friend of Thor's I guess. Anyway, she contacted me last night about a strange reading she was getting from some...east European country no one's ever heard of.""What kind of reading?""She's not really sure," Monica sighed. "Only that it seems to be off the charts. Figured I'd let you and Vision know, being my magical experts and all."The witch herself chuckled. "I wouldn't say I was an expert, by any means," she said. "And Stephen would be more than happy to counter your point." There was a pause in the conversation, before Wanda whispered, "This...can't be a coincidence.""No," the captain agreed. "You call me right when I'm about to call you, each of us telling the other about something that affects them directly...I don't think we get coincidences in our line of work.""No we don't." Another beat and Wanda asked, "Monica, have you heard anything on Hayward?""Yeah, actually," the woman said. "That was the other reason why I wanted to call. Jimmy...Agent Woo was called up to Connecticut yesterday morning; one of his cases apparently had a heart attack up there. And he was telling me that a lot witnesses were claiming to see Hayward parked right outside the guy's condo.""What is he doing in Connecticut?""I don't know," Monica said. "But believe me, I've been trying to find that out. It's not like he has any relatives in the area and I can't find any evidence of him setting up some covert location there. And just to check, the last area that any ex-agents have been was that leftover S.W.O.R.D base in Vermont you and Vision hit. He's staying suspiciously in your backyard, Wanda.""Would seem so," the witch murmured. "But he doesn't know where we are, Vision made sure of that, and I know he was talking to a security group just recently. If he knew where we were, he'd be getting closer, not farther.""Point." Monica sighed. "What're you gonna do?""I'm gonna go see a witch about a book," replied Wanda. "I'll talk to you later. If your friend gets anything else…""I'll call you. And Wanda? Let me know about the boys.""I will." Wanda hung up, her mind whirling from the information. The Darkhold had finally come out of hiding and it was as Vision had feared - S.W.O.R.D had gotten a hold of the book. She knew instinctively that it wasn't Monica's version of the agency because the captain would've told her if they had it or would've immediately turned it over to her or even Strange. No, this...this was a completely different portion of the organization, maybe one Monica wasn't even aware of.And now, to hear that Hayward had recently been seen for no other reason than to sit around in some man's driveway while he died of a heart attack...Plus there was now a strange reading coming off a little known country in east Europe. As though her morning wasn't taxing enough.The strange pull of magic had been pulsing about halfway through her conversation with Monica and it was only now that she was able to address it."Sorry," she mumbled into the air. "You seem to be the latest in a long line of distressing news." And it's only going to get worse, replied a voice.  Upstairs, third door on the right. Actually, no, the left. I was looking for your room and didn't find a handsome, yet grouchy robot standing there. Wanda turned from the hallway she had sequestered herself, a sling ring already in her hand and the destination in her thoughts before she'd even taken a step forward. "Just once I'd like the two of you to exchange a civil word to each other," she muttered, walking through the portal and finding herself in the hallway of the living quarters.After their abrupt departure earlier, the redhead knew there would be questions from the others and right now, she had enough outside issues to deal with. She had instructed Vision to contact Wong or Stephen, something that would hopefully take his mind off the image they had just seen. To be so close to the book, so close to the boys, and not know where the end result was felt crushing, though Wanda had enough crushing moments in her life that this seemed almost par for the course.While having a third person to speak with on matters should've been troublesome, she was actually quite happy to hear the disembodied voice and even more excited when the astral projection of Agatha Harkness stood in what looked to be a vacant bedroom on the floor."If you're astral projecting yourself instead of being here in person," Wanda began. "It can't be good.""Well, that all depends on how you perceive my information," the elder witch retorted. "That sounded like a long phone call. Monica, right? I knew that name was familiar and I just couldn't place it before. She was Geraldine in Westview, correct?"Wanda knew better than to ask why that would hardly matter, especially when Agatha's appearance came swiftly on top of speaking with the head of S.W.O.R.D. "Correct.""She was a topic of conversation the other day," Agatha said. "Or yesterday. Honestly, I'm a little mixed up. Time zones and all. Anyway, your little friend happened to be on the other end of a conversation from an FBI agent of all people."Wanda nodded, slowly. "Was he there to investigate someone who just had a heart attack?""I knew you were telepathic, dear," the elder witch retorted, raising an eyebrow. "But I didn't realize you were psychic. Did she happen to mention  why  the FBI were there?""Something about a case Woo was working on," Wanda said. "Why?""Well, I can tell you that whatever killed his case was not a heart attack.""What was it then?""It was the Darkhold."The redhead swallowed hard. "The same Darkhold that's apparently in S.W.O.R.D's possession?" she asked.Agatha tilted her, her faint smile still coming through despite the haze of the projection. "And how do you know that?" "Because I've seen it," came the retort. "How do  you  know?""Because I've tracked it," was the response. "I've found it, Wanda; or rather, I  followed  it. Hence the astral projection; it would've taken far too long to travel back just to tell you it's here.""Where?""Some little backwoods mountain town in…""Eastern Europe," the young woman finished."Clever girl," Agatha murmured. Her projection drew closer. "Riddle me this; why do you think the Darkhold would be all the way over here?"Wanda began to shake her head before Agatha's voice stopped her. "Think, Wanda," she scolded. "All of those magical lessons must've covered some history of magic and magical items. Why does  any  ancient object seek to go anywhere?""To return to its source of origin," Wanda whispered. Agatha nodded. "Agatha, why would the Darkhold need to be returned to a small backwoods mountain town in Eastern Europe?""Transia, dearie," the elder witch stated. "The town, that is. And why does  any  ancient book of evil want to return to the place it was created?"The answer formed in Wanda's mind before she spoke the words. "To summon something that's there.""You and Vision need to get over here," stressed the witch. "Now.""We'll leave tonight.""The sooner, the better, doll," Agatha said. "Cause I don't think your wayward director knows what he's doing and I don't want to be around just in case he does."  "Has anyone seen Vision or Wanda?"The shock of the morning meeting, aside from a potential secret or double agent in some government organization none of them knew about, was the abrupt departure and subsequent disappearance of the redheaded witch and her equally red-faced synthezoid husband.For all the caginess the two had expressed throughout their time at the compound, they had never done anything like what the group had seen earlier, even throwing off the young lieutenant on the other line. Torres had even apologized, afraid he had said or done something that had upset the couple, only for Sam to say the whole thing was fine and most likely a misunderstanding.For the rest of the catch up, the group tried to act as though what had just occurred was something in the norm or something that would reset itself a little later in the day. But now it was later in the day and neither witch nor synthezoid had been seen since. Even F.R.I.D.A.Y, who had eyes and ears everywhere on the property, reported that she couldn't find them anywhere, but that she showed they were still on the grounds."How do you disappear from Friday?" asked Bucky."It's probably Vision's doing," Hope answered. "He has the ability to interact with Friday, doesn't he?""He does," the AI answered. "But so does Wanda. Her powers have the ability to shroud any camera or affect my electrical systems. Clearly, they're trying to hide themselves.""Why though?" Scott whined, disappointed at the very thought. He loved Wanda and Vision, they were literally his favorite couple, and the fact that he was able to see the both of them in a far better circumstance that didn't involve a megalomaniac or a funeral was the highlight of his week."It has something to do with that book we saw," Sam said, huffing. Looking at the colonel, he asked, "You and Vision worked together for a bit. Do you have any idea about what that book means?"Rhodes shook his head. "I have no idea," he sighed. "But I can tell you that I've only ever seen him react like that if Wanda was in danger. The fact that both of them had the same reaction means something.""Of course it means something!" Scott exclaimed, looking around at everyone. "It means...I mean, I have no idea what it could mean, but obviously there's something going on.""I hate to be the one to say it," whispered Bucky, his eyes downcast. "But I've been a little suspicious of those two since meeting them back here."Scott let out an shocked gasp."He's not the only one."Ant-Man's head immediately swung to look at his girlfriend, disappointment overriding his shock at the revelation."It's nothing horrible," Hope insisted. "And it has nothing to do with them as people, but yeah. They've been very cagey since they arrived. I don't doubt their loyalty to doing what's right or to us as their team and friends, but Rhodes is right. There is something happening here…" The brunette looked directly at the captain and the colonel. "And that something is tied to whatever happened last year," she said. "What happened in Westview?"Neither military officer answered immediately, however Sam did give a small, "It's not our story to tell.""And even if it was," Rhodes added. "It's not like we have a ton of information.""You have more than we do," Bucky stated, giving Sam a look and receiving a slow nod in response."All I know is that Wanda apparently took the city hostage," Sam sighed. "But I don't know why or even how.""And Vision will defend any talk with the whole thing being an accident that Wanda didn't even know she was doing or even could do.""She's that powerful?" Scott asked. He always knew Wanda had powers, he'd seen them in action, but he had never imagined they would be enough to take over an entire city.Of course, he didn't think she could've one-armed a crazy alien psychopath in near submission either until he saw her do it. And that was after being 'dusted' for five years.Rhodes shook his head. "Wanda's always been powerful," he said. "And we've always known that. Nothing changes on that front.""It does if it means this could affect what we're doing," Hope persisted. "Don't you think that…""Hope," the colonel interrupted. "Like Sam said, it's not our story to tell. And when they're ready to tell it, they'll tell it."It wasn't the answer the woman wanted and it just placated her for the moment, but she had a point, at least the former soldier believed she did. Bucky agreed with her, that the couple had been extremely suspicious from the word go and their behavior today only seemed to solidify that there was something going with them.But on the other hand, the soldier also agreed with his friend - whatever happened in the town of Westview was the story that needed to be told by Vision and Wanda. Certainly Bucky knew the challenge of trying to explain a life that didn't cater to what people thought a life should be; he never spoke about his actions as the Winter Soldier, he didn't like to, especially when in many circumstances he didn't remember his own actions.And while he had no control over those actions, as he told Steve, he had still done them and he could still remember the faces of those he killed.Maybe that was why the couple, Wanda in particular, seemed to intrigue him so. He didn't exactly know her, but he certainly knew  of  her, how could he not? That was why he was so interested; by the time he'd come out of his deep frozen state that began in Wakanda, Vision and Wanda were already being led into the palace. He'd only had a quick introduction to those had helped him and the two that had been against it, one of those who was laid out on a table, two scientists desperately trying to save his life one way or another.The last time he'd seen Wanda, she had been without Vision and they had been standing at Tony Stark's funeral.Despite his suspicions, Barnes was actually worried about the two. Their reaction to seeing the image of a book was clearly out of the norm and it suddenly reminded him of the way Steve looked when he had seen Bucky without his signature mask; the realization that the cold-blooded assassin he'd been hunting had once been his best friend.Was that it? Was this book something that Vision and Wanda had come across previously? Was this the key to whatever ordeal the two had gone through while in this Westview?Was the book responsible for Vision's sudden return to the living?Chastised for their harsh rush to judgement, the group left things as is, with all hoping that they would hopefully see the couple and get an explanation as to what was going on. Sam excused himself a short time later, pulling out his phone and making a call as he walked off.The Maximoffs didn't make an appearance all day.  
   We need to talk. 

   I'll be right up. 
The Vision had followed his wife's example and had taken this very crucial phone call as far away from prying eyes as he could, going so far as to phase himself downstairs, past the basement level and even past the underground parking garage. And to ensure the utmost privacy, he had gone and blocked both his presence and Wanda's from F.R.I.D.A.Y's sensors and gaze.His conversation with Wong was just as distressing, as it was informational and it was only a matter of time before he would need to contact his wife about what he discovered.Taking the same route as before, Vision floated his way from the bottom through the floors - using the interior of the drywall and insulation to hide his ascent - until he came up through the floor of their assigned bedroom. Wanda was already waiting for him, nervously pacing the carpet as she did. "Wanda.""We have a problem," she blurted out, stepping towards him. "A multitude of problems."Vision nodded. "I take it your call with Monica did not go well," he assumed. He received a shake of her head in response."The call was fine," she amended. "It was the information that came from it that's troubling."She proceeded to tell him about the call, how the captain had informed her of the sightings of Hayward in Connecticut, as well as the news from her friend Darcy. The latter tidbit started the synthezoid pacing the floor, slowly, contemplating on how he should tell Wanda about his own conversation."Wong stated the same thing," he whispered. "Both he and Stephen saw the same occurrence of background radiation, only that's not what they identified it as.""Magical energy," supplied Wanda. "And I think I know the source…" She went on to tell him about Agatha's mental appearance to her, that the elder witch was currently in that same area, and had positively confirmed that the Darkhold was there and was in the hands of the former S.W.O.R.D director.Taken together, the picture was indeed bleak, possibly more so than they imagined. "Agatha's there now?" he asked, quietly. "In this Transia?"The younger witch nodded, sitting herself down onto the bed. "We're so close, Vizh," she whimpered. "The boys are on the other side of the ocean...but in the hands of the last person we want them to be. I don't know if this is a dream or a nightmare."Vision walked over and kneeled before her, removing the hands she had dropped her head in. "I think of this as the former," he said. "For so long, we didn't know  where  they were, but now we do. And once we have the book in our possession, Stephen and Wong and even Agatha can help us retrieve them both. This is no time to lose hope, darling; if anything, it should be strengthened by this."She smiled faintly, one of her hands leaving his to rest on his cheek. "I don't know what I would do any of this without you.""You would've been fine," he began, but she interrupted him."No, I wouldn't," she said. "I know I wouldn't because I  wasn't. And I know how extremely lucky I am to have you back because I was and would be lost without you."Not for the first time, Vision was in complete awe of his wife. His feelings about her often overwhelmed his processors, even before he realized what was happening and how his evolution was affecting him and his systems. He'd been afraid that after the tampering done by S.W.O.R.D, he'd never have the opportunities to grow like he had before, his fear that he would stay in this stagnant place of anger, fear, resentment, and confusion.He knew that there was a lot of work to be done on his part, so that he wasn't constantly questioning the motives of the humans he interacted with, so he wasn't looking over his shoulder or afraid that the slightest slip up in his vigilance would led his capture or worse, Wanda's…Or the boys.Despite his words to her, Vision's kernel of hope was probably smaller than his wife's; magical abilities were not his expertise, though he knew Wanda's abilities. Or so he thought.Westview had been an eye opener to him, to know his wife was so powerful - more powerful than he - and the capabilities of what she could do with that were endless. But that's also was led his fear - his own construction had been the groundwork for Hayward and his people to take his body and use it as they saw fit; Thanos' actions had pushed Wanda's powers and her grief had tripled that outwards, consuming all who were in the vicinity.He'd only just learned about his sons' powers and they were still young."Do we tell the others?"Her question broke his wandering thoughts and he frowned. Something on this scale was exactly what called for The Avengers, however Vision wasn't going to sacrifice his family's safety in the case their presence wasn't warranted. The team had caused enough collateral damage.Shaking his head, he replied, "No. They have enough to deal with, considering they'll be speaking to the two suspects in Malta and Belarus.""They'll be down two people," Wanda countered."It does not take seven people to interrogate  one  person," he spat. "If even numbers are needed, Kate is still within communication range and would be more than happy to accompany one team on this assignment. Secretary Ross isn't going to get rid of us so easily." His minor rant over, he sighed apologetically, before casting his eyes down on the hand that still held hers."Do we tell Stephen?"While the Avengers may not be enough to handle a cunning man with an ancient tome of spells, the Sorcerer Supreme certainly could. Wanda repeated her husband's earlier motion by shaking her head. "He and Wong are already dealing with the fallout from our multiverse adventures," she said. "Not to mention trying to find all of these items before they fall into the wrong hands."You're right. We're too close to back down or back away. We are going to get our children back." Vision nodded, smiling sincerely at her. Pressing the hand that still rested on his cheek, he turned slightly to kiss its palm before returning to look at her. "It's several hours from here to Europe," he said. "Do you think you can fly that far?""I went from Westview to Sokovia," she replied. "A few stops in between, but I did do it.""It's still a long flight," he countered, drawing closer to her. "And you know that Hayward isn't just holding on to a book just for the sake of holding it, especially if it's in connection to what can now clearly be called a homicide." Leaning closer, he whispered, "I need you at your best, darling. I need you ready to do whatever it takes to get that book away from him so we can get the boys back."  "And what about you,  ljubavnik ?" she asked. "This conversation started because I said I couldn't and wouldn't do this without you.""Ne brini ," he said, smirking. "I'll be your distraction. And believe me, I look forward to seeing Mr. Hayward again. I have several words I'd like to say to him.""None of them age appropriate, I'm sure."Vision chuckled. "It's a good thing I know several languages then."The two sat for a few moments, the information settling around them and on their shoulders. Wanda was correct - the twins were so close, separated by an ocean and a crazed government agent who may or may not know what he actually held within his hand, but this was also the first time the couple had been within arms length of the boys in nearly a year.The implications of not being able to get the boys or worse, the scenario in which retrieving them is in spirit or name only was not a topic of conversation they would have with anyone, not even each other.Checking the time, Vision gave both hands a squeeze. "It's a little after lunch," he said. "Why don't I pop down and get you something? Then we can have a short nap."Wanda nodded. "We'll leave tonight."  "Rhodes, I've finally located the Maximoffs. They're in their room.""Thanks, Friday. I'll let the others know."  The appointed hour came at a little after eight pm, enough time for Wanda and Vision to have lunch and a quick snack before they prepared themselves to leave. "Friday," Vision asked, the first time speaking to the AI since that morning. "Where are the others?""The others are currently within the hanger," she responded. "They're discussing the routine and team configuration for the mission. They're trying to decide who goes where."The couple looked at each other. This was perfect. Vision nodded. "Are you ready?" he asked."As ready as I can be," she whispered. "You?""The same, darling. Let's go."The optimal plan had been to go downstairs, ensure the coast was clear, and then head off towards the literal coast and across the ocean. Wanda had assured him that she could make the trip, despite the distance and the hours long travel, and Vision had to take her on her word. He knew he could do about 15-hours and had done, but that was at limited capacity.If the wind and weather was in their favor, they might be able to make the trip in under ten hours; if they couldn't...well, Vision had a plan B for that. If he detected any change in weather before their departure, they would just borrow one of the quinjets, as they had when traversing to Vermont.The manner of which they got to the country of Transia didn't matter as much as actually arriving and Agatha had seemed adamant that the two not dawdle if they could help it.Plan placed and ready to put in motion, the two left their room, headed down the hallway and went down the stairs, quickly and quietly.And were immediately met by the other five members staying at the compound, as well as Clint Barton, who had apparently managed to arrive undetected by either witch nor synthezoid."I'm sorry, Vision," F.R.I.D.A.Y whispered overhead, the tone in her voice confirming the obvious role she had played in this situation."Evening, gents," Vision greeted, before nodding at the only other woman in the group. "Hope.""I thought you were all trying to decide who would be going to which interrogation," Wanda said, pushing down the anxious feeling that was growing within. "Actually," Rhodes replied. "We were trying to decide what it was the two of you were up to and if we needed to ask about it. Obviously, we went with the latter.""Do you remember that thing I said about trust?" Sam asked, but the couple both shook their heads."This isn't about trust, Sam," Wanda countered."It's about  safety," added Vision. "As in your safety. I am well aware that the Avengers have been known to get into dangerous situations, but this is...far beyond anything you may have dealt with before.""The Darkhold is not something to be trifled with," the witch finished."Well, maybe it would help if you tell us what the hell a 'darkhold' is," Clint retorted. "And go easy on the explanation, seeing as I just got here and I'm a little behind right now.""This is about the book you saw," Bucky said. "That's the...the Darkhold?""The Darkhold is a book of evil," Wanda began, not wanting to mince words on the subject, but also wanting to keep the explanation as short as possible. "It's said to have been written by an malevolent god, who created it to tempt people into using it. The more people used it, the powerful he would grow; but the price for that power, for the power that the people reading get from it is the loss of their very souls.""That book corrupts and possesses anyone who even spares a glance at it," Vision continued. "It's probably the most dangerous missing mythical item that could possibly be floating around right now. And it's in the hands of a man who isn't exactly happy with us.""Okay," Sam said, caught a little off kilter with the ramifications. What seemed like just a book was clearly anything but. "Well that just goes to show that the two of you can't go off and take care of this on your own.""We don't have a choice, Sam," Vision insisted."Yes, you do," Clint tried, but was vehemently stopped by the redhead."No, Clint, we don't," spat Wanda. "This is the closest we've been able to get to that book in nearly a year and we can not afford to lose it again, especially not if it's in the hands of a mad ex-government agent.""We are going to get that book," Vision whispered, his body language changing perceptively. He was prepared for a fight and he knew Wanda would follow his lead in a moment's notice. "And I suggest you do not stand in our way."It was a subtle sense of deja vu; one side of the team wanting to go one way, the other side wanting to go the other. The first time, it had been ideology that, if maybe Steve and Tony had put aside their egos and pride wouldn't have resulted in the aftermath that happened. Sam never regretted not signing those accords, just like Rhodes never regretted his role in signing them.What the two men  did  regret was the fallout that came from their decisions.And neither of them wanted a repeat of those decisions, which was why the tenseness in the couple before them was jarring. The two were expecting a fight or rather, they were more than willing to fight their way out of that room and out of the compound if anyone even  thought  to stop them. "This isn't about the book."As suspicious as she may have been about the couple, Hope could at least understand the mentality that seemed to now be behind their actions. That's why their quick departure that morning didn't make any sense, why it seemed the couple was acting abnormally against their usual behavior.After their impromptu discussion earlier, the brunette couldn't help but wonder what it was about the images that had been shown that would cause such a reaction and such emotion. At the time, she couldn't understand it, but now she did. This wasn't solely about a book or its designation as something extremely powerful and extremely dangerous."What?" Scott asked, hearing the soft murmur."This isn't about the book," she repeated. "It's about the guy holding it. You said the book could possess people and could make them lose their very souls. The question isn't what that book is or what it can do; the question we should be asking you is…"Bucky immediately caught on to Hope's train of thought. "Whose soul is in that book?" he asked, watching as both witch and synthezoid deflated at the inquiry.And that was it.After nearly a year trying everything she could, everything  they  could to put the events of Westview behind them, this was the moment they had dreaded. Yes, they could lie and state that their only interest in the book was purely from the standpoint of getting it out of the hands of an inexperienced and hot-headed amateur.They could've easily said that they were on a magical mission from the Sorcerer Supreme himself to retrieve this book, which they had been looking for for nearly a year.They could've easily just have blasted the entire group out of the way, disabled F.R.I.D.A.Y, taken one of the quinjets, and be on their way towards Europe.Wanda and Vision could've done any of those things, anything but what they were about to do.The silence was heavy, the question a loaded one because there were many different avenues to answer and yet, the most sincere option would mean having to explain events the couple would rather put behind them. Just when it seemed there would be no answer, the group was again shocked at the emotions that seemingly seeped out from the couple.A short time ago, both had been ready to fight tooth and nail against their friends just to leave the building; now however, the equal looks of devastation on their faces proved Hope's hypothesis.This had never been about the book; this was strictly personal.Bucky's question reverberated around the room and in the heads of those occupying it. But it was nothing compared to the answer given by Vision."Our sons."
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter XIV
  
  Esopus, New York, US

  Ulster County, West of the Hudson River

  The Recommissioned New Avengers Facility

   
And that was it.With two words, Vision and Wanda had opened the door to a conversation they clearly never, ever wanted to have and especially not in front of this particular group.Sam had to admit that he hadn’t expected this, not even the lead up. He hadn’t lied to Hope and the others when he said he only knew about Westview from the reports he’d gotten over the wire and even those were just random conversations from the guys he’d be on missions with.Only once had an airman wondered about his former association, boldly asking if he knew who this Maximoff chick was because they had both been Avengers. That had led into questions about Lagos and the two years they had been on the run and it was a good thing he outranked the kid, cause if the situation had been switched, he would’ve needed to come clean about things he didn’t want to discuss.That was one of the reasons he didn’t push for details with those two; whatever happened in Westview had been traumatic. Sam was a counselor for former military personnel - he'd been in therapy himself for a bit - so he knew the pitfalls of asking someone to remember a horrific event, before asking them to tell their story.It didn't happen overnight - it took him two years to even say Riley's name after the accident - and pushing someone into telling you was as good as having them shut the door on you."Your...your kids?" Scott asked, quietly, eyes wide and mouth slightly opened. Like the others, he wasn't sure what was more shocking - the fact that their friends' children were being held hostage in some sort of villainous book or the fact that Vision and Wanda had kids in the first place.Even Clint, who was probably the closest to the couple, couldn't hide his surprise. Not once did the two ever mention they had children; oh, he and Laura had noticed some of the looks they'd get on their faces whenever they played with Nate or spoke with Lila, but the couple had chalked it up to the younger pair wanting children or wanting, but being unable to have any.He had never imagined this."I believe…" Vision began, looking over at Wanda. "I believe this is a conversation that shouldn't be held in the common room." He shifted his gaze towards the conference room to their right.Rhodes nodded. "Alright then."Wanda sighed, resigned in the conversation that was going to take place. "Let's get this over with," she muttered, turning and passing her husband as they headed towards the conference room. Both immediately changed from their costumes into more casual clothing, clearly without thought or action and without noticing the stunned looks on the others' faces as they followed.The couple managed to stand at the side of the table, where they would usually be, and waited for the others to sit down. “We can’t tell you about the Darkhold,” the synthezoid began, sighing as well. “Without telling you about what happened in Westview.”“We know you have questions,” Wanda replied. Steeling herself against whatever judgement would be leveled towards her, she said, “So ask.”For every question, comment, and inquiry the group had about the mysterious circumstances that occurred in the little town, no one seemed to jump at the chance to ask what they wanted. Scott, looking around at the others, took a breath and asked the question that burned within since hearing about the incident.“Why Westview?”It surprisingly wasn’t the question they expected, though it certainly made sense. Most people hadn’t even heard of the town and it did seem like a strange place for Wanda to be in. Vision chuckled, taking the question as it was unknowingly directed at him.“It was where our house was going to be,” he whispered, remembering the purpose of the lot. “Or rather it was where we would build a house.  Westview was…in a perfect area where we could still be in range of the compound in the case the Avengers needed us, but far enough away that…we could enjoy some normalcy.”Looking over at Rhodes, he quietly said, “Tony always talked about normalcy. That was the whole point of Ultron, something that would allow the heroes to have time for themselves.”“You weren’t planning on coming back,” Rhodes supplied. He remembered that day pretty clearly – Vision going off on ‘assignment’ to Edinburgh, with luggage that seemed far more than a simple trip. He hadn’t said as much, but the colonel knew that this might be the last time he’d see the synthezoid, something that even Tony seemed to see it as well.“My last time here, was supposed to be my very last time here.”“So what happened?” asked Hope.“Thanos.”Wanda took up the story from there. “The Black Order jumped us in Edinburgh. We were only saved because Nat, Steve, and Sam came to check on us after I didn’t check in. We headed back here, then Wakanda and…”The young woman trailed off, the experience happening nearly seven years ago, but to half of the people in that room, what happened in Wakanda felt like a week or a month ago. There was no time in between disappearing and reappearing, only the sights and sounds from their last moments changing around them.“I didn’t know about the lot,” the redhead continued, eyes downcast. “I didn’t learn about it until Pepper gave me the deed at Tony’s funeral. He kept a lot of Vision’s stuff…after…I was at Clint’s when we learned what happened to his body.”She looked over at Sam. “Do you remember in Edinburgh?” she asked. “Nat got on us for not checking in and I told you we just wanted time?”Sam nodded slowly.“That’s what I did,” she said. “In Westview. I gave us time.”“What does that mean?” Bucky asked.“Wanda’s powers are far more extensive than we originally believed them to be,” Vision explained. “The knowledge we had of the Mind Stone was…lacking.”The explanation did nothing to clear up what exactly the couple was trying to tell them, only that it didn’t spell anything good.“Wanda…” Rhodes asked. “What did you do?”“I told you,” she replied. “I remade the world the way I wanted it to be.”Wanda’s words slowly crested over the others, but the story still didn’t make any sense. How in the world could Wanda remake the world the way she wanted? Even with her powers?“Wait…” Scott began, his face scrunched in confusion. “Are you saying you created an alternate reality? Tha…that’s impossible!”“So’s time travel,” Vision retorted.“You created a reality where you could be with Vision,” Clint said, nodding. Yes, the concept of alternate realities seemed fantastic, but as Vision pointed out, so did time travel and they had done it; and in any other world, having people who could fly or shrink or have extraordinary strength was a bit of a stretch.As one of the non-enhanced individuals on the team, the archer knew the temptation of wanting the life you wanted, but couldn't have. Hadn’t he wished things had been different during those five hard years? When Nat had presented him with hope, the possibility that he could get his family back, it didn’t matter the means – what mattered was getting them back, being able to hold his wife and children in his arms, even the concept of just seeing them would’ve been enough.His life as Ronin was an honest to goodness blur, the consequences of which had abruptly been thrown at his feet when he and the kids had been in New York a few months ago. He hadn’t thought anything on what he was doing, only that it wasn’t fair; the Snap had taken so much, from so many, and yet the criminal underground was allowed to flourish and rise up.Why did the dime store drug dealer get to walk around free when his little girl had drifted away?How could the arms dealer just go about his business when Laura wouldn’t be beside him at night?Why did the abuser get to beat and terrorize when people like Wanda, Vision, Sam, T’Challa, and a host of others couldn’t be there to beat back?Wanda Maximoff apparently went and created an alternate universe to live out her dreams.Good for her.“So when you created this world,” Hope began, trying to wrap her mind around everything. “You did so while in Westview?”Wanda nodded. “I don’t know what happened,” she said, before shaking her head. “No, that’s…I know what happened. I couldn’t…I just…”“You lost control of your powers,” Sam interjected. Wanda couldn’t help the nervous giggle that answered.“That’s one way of putting it.”“You lost control of your powers,” Rhodes picked up. “And you…you made a safe place. And brought back Vision.” The witch nodded.“How long were you there?” asked Clint.She shrugged. “A week?” she questioned. “Maybe two, that’s what…”“A lifetime,” Vision interrupted, his voice soft as he did. Somehow the synthezoid knew the elder man wasn’t asking about their physical presence in Westview, but their lives within the world in which they lived in. There was no need to state that the ideas came from the sitcoms his wife had enjoyed and he certainly didn’t need to bring up the fact that cracks began around them and between.And while yes, her actions had been terrible for the residents in the town, Vision couldn’t help but cherish the time he spent there. What had been days outside were years on the inside, a culmination of the hopes and fantasies the two had wanted one day.If things had gone the way he wanted, if Thanos and his order hadn’t dropped in unannounced, Vision would’ve told Wanda about the home right there in the streets of Edinburgh; he would’ve shown her the deed and they would’ve talked about the type of house they wanted to build.Then, he would’ve asked to spend the rest of their lives together. That’s what he had planned, what his next course of action would’ve taken him; the first step had been to walk away from the Avengers, the compound, and the only two people left there. The second step had to been to pledge himself to her.Something that had been rudely interrupted.“I didn’t know what I did or how I did it,” Wanda confessed. “I just wanted time.”“Wow,” Scott sighed, leaning back in his chair, stunned. And yet, also excited. Where else would he be friends and know someone who could create other worlds? “You guys are still my favorite couple, even more so. I just can’t believe you have kids now.”“How did that happen?”It was out of his mouth before Bucky even realized the words had formed from his brain to his lips. In hindsight, it was a relevant question, given Vision’s makeup of synthetic and organic parts and of course, the fact that – if he was understanding things right – he was a figment of Wanda’s imagination. The science of the whole thing just didn’t make sense.But of course, he didn’t follow up on that question so the incredulous looks he got from the couple were annoying, but warranted.As was Wanda’s answer.“Well, Bucky, when a witch and synthezoid love each other very much…”“No,” he interrupted, waving a hand in their direction. “Stop. Stop it right now, stop talking.”“You did just ask,” Vision pointed out.“Where does that book,” Sam started. “That Darkhold fit into all of this?”The levity of the moment was brought back, with Wanda taking a deep breath before continuing. “There was…” she began. “For the most part, everyone who was…trapped with me were residents of Westview. Except for one person – Agatha Harkness. She’s…she’s a witch and she literally stumbled upon what I did and managed to get inside. She’s the one who had the Darkhold and who brought it into Westview.”“Why?” asked Bucky.“For power,” Vision answered, a scowl on his face. “I told you – Wanda’s powers far exceed what we originally thought and Agatha wanted that power for herself. She confronted Wanda about it and when she didn’t get her way, she used our children as a leveraging tool.”“So this Agatha is the one who has the book?” Clint questioned, watching as the two looked at each other.“No,” huffed Vision.“Agatha lost the book,” Wanda explained. “And actually, she’s the one who just told us who has it now.”“The guy who doesn’t like you?” asked Rhodes.“Believe me,” Vision spat. “The feeling is mutual.”“And why doesn’t he like you?” Hope asked.Vision tensed, a sneer quickly appearing on his face, causing a whispered, “Vizh” to drop from his partner’s lips.“S’alright, darling,” he whispered. “I have it.” Forcefully clearing his throat, Vision stated, “The five years that everyone calls the Snap should’ve seen my body in the jurisdiction of Wakanda or at very least, in the capable hands of Stark Industries.”“But that’s not what happened,” Hope concluded.“No,” the synethzoid scoffed. “That is not what happened. What happened was chaos. Thanos upended the complete political structure that was and is Wakandan society; as such, when the organization of S.W.O.R.D came in to ‘claim’ my body, there was no one to really stop them.”“Now wait a minute, V,” Rhodes interrupted, upset with this story’s retelling. “You have to know that Pepper and I tried…”“I do,” Vision disrupted. “I do, James, and this is not meant to be a slight on you or Pepper. Even Tony for that matter, because you did try to do what you could. Unfortunately, the accords that we ourselves signed are clear; with my death, my status went from ‘tangible living object’ to ‘potential government property’. The fact that no one, not even Wanda – my next of kin – were aware of my location dictates that you would have never even known I had been moved.“As an offshoot of S.H.I.E.L.D, one would think the son of one of the founding members would be the first to be notified of such a breech,” he continued, the anger in his voice growing the more he described the incident. “And I’m sure Maria Rambeau, the original founder and previous director of S.W.O.R.D would’ve done just that; if she hadn’t taken ill. That put her daughter, Monica, in line to at least oversee operations…if she hadn’t been one of those who had been ‘snapped’.“And that left…former director Tyler Hayward.” Wanda gave a halfhearted chuckle that mixed in with a huff. “I should’ve known something wasn’t right,” she whispered. “I went down there and I went to their offices at least four, five times and he didn’t want to see me; claimed they had no idea what I was talking about.“And then all of a sudden, he wanted to meet with me. I didn’t it understand it then, but I do now. I tried, I begged him to just let me have the body, that Vision needed a funeral like everyone else. And then when he showed me you, your body…what they were doing, how they had taken you apart…”The undercurrent of rage bubbled within Vision’s circuits. His wife had never gone into specifics before, had only told him that Hayward had refused to release his body to her, telling her that the monetary cost of vibranium was too much to just be put in the ground.He had never heard anything so callous in his life and he routinely had meetings with Secretary Ross, a man who made no attempt to disguise how much he distrusted and disliked the synthezoid.The statement shocked the others too, the military colonel putting a fist to his mouth in horror. Sam was shaking his head and he could see Clint was already mentally preparing which arrow would find its way into Hayward’s heart or head.“That’s not right,” Sam was murmuring. “You never wanted that.”“No, Sam,” Vision spat, grabbing the top of the chair he leaned against. “I did not want that. I did not want to be revived in the first place and I certainly didn’t want to be brought back, only to be used as a pawn for some government or military faction that would turn me against my very ideals and the people I love.“Something that was specifically worded and so very clearly stated in my will, which no one but Wanda, apparently read!”The harsh snap of steel being broken partially stopped the android’s rant, however the cloud of fury was powerful enough that he would’ve completely ripped the chair apart if not for Wanda’s interjection.“Vizh.”The haze receded slightly, enough for Vision to unclench his hands from around the steel bar that was the backing for the leather chair before him. The bar was snapped clear in half, with the leather portion connected only by a few threads away from being pulled apart.Pulling his hands away, Vision muttered a quick, “Sorry” his hands balling into fists as he watched the familiar red tendrils of his wife’s magic swiftly repair the damage he’d done. “Thank you, darling.”Taking a few breaths to calm himself, Vision nevertheless crossed his arms, a difficult attempt at keeping his hands flat against him. “Needless to say,” he continued, his voice pushing for a shaky calm. “When S.W.O.R.D was alerted to what was happening in Westview, they believed it was a perfect time to unleash what they called Project Cataract.”“You’re Project Cataract,” Bucky deduced, the pieces now coming together. He pushed his own memories back, but they did serve as the backdrop for understanding. He didn’t want to state the obvious, because the thought the answer was extremely clear, but he said it anyway, if just to have the complete story out in the open.“And your job was to neutralize whatever was causing the issue in Westview.”“There was… an extremely fortune turn of events” the synthezoid murmured. “Which is the only reason why Wanda is still alive and I’m standing here next to her. The interference of Agatha notwithstanding, a completely different outcome was expected.”“So this guy,” Clint replied. “The former director. He now has the book?”The couple nodded. “He now has the book,” Vision said.“And does he know?” asked Rhodes. “And your kids being in the book?”Wanda sighed. “He was there when it happened,” she said. “And honestly, I’m not sure if he was relieved or disappointed. Probably a little from column A and a little from column B.”“Where is he?” Bucky questioned.“Eastern Europe,” the redhead said. “Some country called Transia, which is where we’re going. Right now, actually; Agatha said time was the essence and…”“It’s the closest we’ve been to the boys in nearly a year,” Vision whispered. “If this were any other mission, any other way, we’d accept your help with no questions, but we have too much to lose if we don’t act. And we must act.”“And we will,” Sam began, already making points to counter whatever argument the couple were about to throw his way. “But you can’t just go half-cocked and pissed off like you are now. If you’re going to do this, then you have to do this right.”“Sam, I meant what I said earlier,” Wanda stressed. “You have no idea just how dangerous Vision and I are. We’re probably the most dangerous people in this room right now.”“You created an alternate reality bubble and you broke a metal chair in half,” Scott countered, pointing at the both of them. “Pretty sure none of us want to be on your bad sides in a dark alley, in the middle of the night, but like they say, this isn’t about business. Yeah, maybe we’d let you two go off avenging some warlord or something but this…this is totally personal.”“And you know there is no way any of us are going to just let the two of you go off to some unnamed country, somewhere in east Europe, to battle some creepy, ugly evil book by yourselves,” Sam stated.“That book is dangerous,” protested Wanda.“Yeah,” Rhodes replied. “And right now it's in the hands of someone who shouldn’t have it. I believe that’s part of this mission, isn’t it?”“Keep weird and dangerous magical artifacts out of the hands of bad, stupid people,” Hope said. “That does sound like what we’ve been doing.”“You guys…”“You’re outvoted, kiddo,” Clint piped up. “Doesn’t matter if we file this under official business or not, we’re going.”“We got you,” Bucky softly said. “And we’re with you, til the end of the line.”Clint’s statement was clear – with the story out in the open, there was no way Wanda and Vision would be able to leave the compound without being followed. And while their first choice was to handle this themselves, the two couldn’t deny that having the extra help would be beneficial.Certainly, they’d already tried to go it alone – both before, during, and after Westview – and though they had gotten through everything, how much easier their lives could’ve been with the help of the people who knew them best.“Alright!” Scott exclaimed, pumping a fist in the air. “We’re the Avengers! Let’s go do some avenging!”“Technically,” Vision replied. “We’re more rescuing than avenging.”“We can do both!”Scott's enthusiasm and support helped to lighten the situation, giving the couple a bit of hope, more than they previously had. This was certainly unlike any mission they had undertaken before, but the prospect of not doing this alone was a sense of...relief, to be honest. They both knew what Hayward was like without the presence of a demonic book and while Vision wouldn't say it out loud, his trust in Agatha's information was suspect, to say the least."You heard the two," Sam replied, standing from his chair. "We got a lot of info and very little time to get into it all. It's at least nine, ten hours to Europe, even by Quinjet.""We could possibly do about eight hours, Sam," FRIDAY spoke up. "I can calculate the most efficient route to get there."Captain America nodded. "We'll figure it out on the jet," he said. Looking at the others gathered around, he gave the word. "Get dressed. Wheels up in fifteen."The word had been given, the feeling and atmosphere reminding some of the way Steve would give the order to move out, but this wasn't Steve's show; it wasn't even Tony's. This was their show, a show that had been in the making since that first encounter with Ultron. They had been junior members then, taking on the smaller missions, with the thought to work their way up.Then Lagos happened. Then Leipzig. Then Thanos.The short training exercise that had done earlier in the week would have to count, would have to matter here. It was as Scott said - this wasn't business, this was personal.The group began to file out, though Clint seemed to hover at the table, apparently waiting for Wanda or Vision or both. The latter nodded, leaving the two alone as he followed the rest of the group.The archer looked at the young girl, though she wasn't a girl and hadn't been since the death of her parents. At the time, he had chalked up his protective stance for the girl due to the sacrifice her brother had given; he was alive because of Pietro, but her brother was dead because of him. She had suffered so much already and it didn't seem fair that she just move about the world with no one to watch out for her.That had been eight long years ago, if one could believe that.Wanda Maximoff wasn't the young girl he'd met in South Africa, who had manipulated the others and tried to brainwash him at the same time.That girl had been full of hate and vengeance, a heart bursting with revenge; the girl he had met again in Sokovia had been terrified and deeply remorseful for her own actions and involvement that would ultimately lead to the destruction of her own country.It was funny how only a short time later, he'd be the one full of hate, vengeance, and revenge.The woman before him had gone through more heartache than should be allowed and he was damned if he would let her suffer the stigma of losing a child."Why didn't you tell me?" he asked, softly, meeting her at the edge of the table.They had seen each other multiple times she had come back, he'd been to their house, hell he had helped them take down some shady warehouse organization. That mission now made a lot more sense than it had when he agreed to it; that was on him, he should've known to ask questions, but it was Wanda and it was Vision."You just got your family back," she whispered. She had been snapped for five years and had only learned about Nat from Clint and how Laura and the kids had been snapped just like her. And then they had turned around and offered her a place to stay while she grieved, while they all grieved."And I went and...I couldn't do that to you."After Westview, Wanda had been in the area of the farm, had even considered going down and telling the Bartons everything, but she couldn't. Having to leave Vision, after watching their sons be sucked up by the Darkhold and taken away by Agatha was too much; she wasn't even sure if she had just said goodbye to her husband forever when they parted.Placing a hand on her shoulder, Clint replied, "You're family. You know that, yeah? You and Vision both. I mean, you're annoying and you have a bad habit of sassing off...no wonder you and kate get along so well."Wanda chuckled. "Or maybe you just have a bad habit of picking up sassy strays," she joked."Maybe." Bringing her closer, he leaned his forehead against hers. "You're family," he whispered. "And your family is my family and this guy has just made it personal. No one torments my nephews before I get to meet them. I torment them.""You torment me."Clint smiled at her. "Exactly," he retorted. Standing up straighter, he gave her shoulder a squeeze. "Come on. Let's go get your kids."The Quinjet lifted off ahead of schedule, with Bucky and Rhodes at the controls. F.R.I.D.A.Y had calculated a shorter route, but it only shaved off an hour and half off the total trip time, even with the supersonic speed the jets possessed.It did give the team enough time, however, to learn more about the terrain and the obstacles they might be facing. Wanda had only been aware that Agatha had traced the book to a mountain town called Transia, but the actual location was unknown to her and with the elder witch so far away, reaching her seemed impossible.Until Vision had a curious idea."You said Agatha came to you," he said, pulling Wanda aside as the two pilots began their pre-flight checks before liftoff. "Via astral projection." The witch nodded. "Is there a possibility that the same communication method could be done in reverse?"Wanda nodded, slowly, understanding what her husband was suggesting. "It's certainly worth a try," she murmured. "And it would keep us from just circling the sky searching for a witch who's very good at hiding in plain sight."The redhead went to one of the side cabins, ensuring she was mostly surrounded by silence with only the hum of machinery greeting her. She had done this a few times while at Kamar-Taj and once while at the Sanctum, but she had been under supervision when she had been doing it, despite Wong and Stephen both telling her that she a mastery on the procedure.Closing her eyes, Wanda envisioned Agatha's aura, the purple swirls that seemed to cover the witch in all of their encounters. With Agatha in her mind, Wanda then imagined herself where those tendrils of magic could possibly be and within moments, her astral protection was standing next to her physical body.The next experiment was to find her way to the elder witch, which took some mental excursion on both her physical and projected forms. Her eyes closed, the tightness of feeling herself drift through time and space, and when she opened them, she found herself standing in a small room, facing a bed and a familiar figure laying on it, reading a magazine."Oh, clever girl," Agatha laughed, putting the magazine down on the bed next to her and sitting up. "I knew you had potential and here you are.""Here I am," Wanda replied, looking around. "Where exactly am I?""A little, no name inn," the elder witch said. "At the base of that mountain.""What mountain?""The locals call it Wundagore and that's where you're gonna find your director and the book."Wanda nodded. "We're on the way," she reported. "It'll take us time…""As long as you get here," stressed Harkness. "There's something going on in that mountain and I'm sure the book is responsible. The problem is, I don't know what's going on in there, and it's probably not a good idea if I go stumbling through.""Understood," the younger woman said. "Hold on, Agatha. We'll be there."The next time Wanda opened her eyes, she was back in her body and she now had the name of the literal location they would need to head to. She immediately turned and stalked out of the room, her destination the cockpit where the others were going over a plan of action.
  Hold on, boys. Just a little longer. We're coming for you.
  
  East Transia

  Transian Mountain Range

  Wundagore Mountain

  The Darque Hold caverns
 The history of Transia was truly only known to the country’s inhabitants, though some in the neighboring countries had heard stories, with some believing them and others thinking them tall tales told by locals in order to increase tourism.But the past of Transia, especially that of the capital of East Transia, cast a long shadow over the small town that sat at the base of its famous mountain.Mount Wundagore.Once known as Vanda-Gor, it was said an alien presence lived within the mountain and terrorized the people that lived in the town below. The sorcerer god from beyond the stars, as he was known, took form of a merchant with the focus to lure the immortal warrior Bloodstone to his lake.The battle was never seen, but in the end, Bloodstone was triumph and he revealed the sorcerer for the alien he was.However, it was the story before these events that clouded the mountain, the town, and the country.In the time of early man, the elder god known as Chthon had apparently made his home within the deep caverns of the mountain. From there, it was said that Chthon had written all of his knowledge of dark magic in a book within the caverns, binding them together with the blood and flesh of some of the villagers that had begun to put up the beginnings of what was now Transia.More dark magic practitioners would come to the mountain, determined to raise the god Chthon, but failing in their mission. Instead, they trapped his essence into the dirt and wood that made up the mountain, the high point of the town and the country and which would go from being Vanda-Gor ro Wundagore.Over the centuries, tales of experimentation, strange creatures, and odd lights would waft through the town; elder residents told of a new race of genetically altered animals and humans called ‘new men’ – women made from cows, pigs that walked like men, and men who held the appearance of tigers.Some even said that werewolves prowled around the mountain and were the main reason for mysterious disappearances.These were often considered old wives tales, stories the elders told the children to keep them in line, and most parents allowed them if just to make the young ones behave. No one actually believed these tales, however it was hard to ignore the strange events that often took place around or in the mountain.But like most of society, if it didn’t immediately impact them, the less that was known, the better.Inside the mountain, various caverns wrapped around the base, but most led to a center chamber known as the Darque Hold. It was here, legend held, that the god Chthon wrote his demonic book and it was here that most of the magical energy swirled, waiting for a new host.And one had been delivered.  
  Tommy Maximoff was having the best life.

  He’d just won the track meet and he was being hoisted up on everyone’s shoulders. Sure, he’d use a little bit of his speed to close the gap and then cross the finish line, but it was worth it. They had won the championship and it was all thanks to him.

  The sun was bright outside, but seemed to dim. Strange, but the boy figured it was because the celebration had lasted for so long. From atop his teammates’ shoulders, he could see the speck of his brother, but his face wasn’t smiling like he thought it would. Billy couldn’t possibly be upset or worse, jealous; the boy hadn’t been excited about sports that were played outside their own backyard or with friends.

  His twin should’ve been happy.

  Instead, his twin looked…scared. Why was he scared? 

  Their parents were a few yards back, also looking worriedly at him. No…at…at both of them. Their parents…how long had it been since he’d seen his parents? Why were they so far away? Would they ever see them again?

  
    Hold on, boys.
  
   He heard his mother’s voice so clearly in his mind, so clear that he actually turned his head to look, thinking she was nearby. Just a little longer, we’re coming for you.

  “Mom?”
The name tumbled from his lips, as his mind caught up to current events and informing the boy that his dream was over. Tommy nearly didn’t open his eyes – why bother when the darkness behind his eyelids would just be reflected in the dark of their current prison.The previous events finally made the boy open his eyes, remembering he and Billy falling to the ground in pain. Sitting up quickly, Tommy groaned as his body protested against the action, his hand going to his head as he tried to massage the headache that was there.Eyes open and mind clear, Tommy Maximoff instantly knew something was different.The first thing he noticed was that it was no longer dark; it was somewhat dim, but definitely not the complete lights out that signified being in the creepy magic book Agnes had them in. In fact, this didn’t seem like the book at all…They were somewhere else.That detail was highlighted by the bars that surrounded him, the indication that he was in a cage. Panic filled the child’s body as he quickly looked around, his gaze finally pinpointing his brother to his left, his prone figure in a similar cage.“Billy!” he cried, shuffling to the side and trying to get his brother to wake up. Where the hell were they?? “Billy, wake up!”A small groan from the structure caused the boy to breathe a sigh of relief, happy that his brother wasn’t dead. Hurt, maybe, though he really hoped he was okay. “Billy?”Billy groaned again, this time accompanied by movement until he was also sitting up and running a hand against his forehead. “Tommy?” he mumbled. “What happened?”“I was hoping you’d tell me,” the elder said, looking again at their surroundings. “But I can tell you we’re not in the book anymore.”“We’re not?” he asked, moving his hand and seeing the same landscape his brother had woken up to. Billy’s eyes widened in shock, seeing the familiar darkness now seemingly replaced with solid rock.They were in a cave or something, he remembered their dad showing them pictures of ancient caves and caverns of the past. The younger boy had found the subject fascinating, seeing structures that had been made so long ago still stand the test of time, as his father had informed him.“Tommy, where are we?”“You’re someplace safe.”The voice startled them, as did the figure that appeared to come from their right. He was dressed in all black, military style, complete with an earpiece and shoulder holster for his gun. Neither boy knew who he was, but he was dressed as people they had seen before.“And where exactly would that be?” asked Tommy, his face stern and putting up the front of seriousness.“You don’t need to worry about that,” said the man. Putting a finger to his ear, he said, “Boss, they’re awake. They wanna know what’s going on.”The man listened to his next instructions, nodding to whatever was being said, before he turned his gaze on the two. He looked them both over before huffing. “Can’t believe the two of you managed to take down a whole team of agents,” he muttered. “You’re just two kids.”“Obviously you don’t know who we are,” Tommy said, sneering at the man.“Tommy,” his brother hissed, trying to get him to stop. They had no idea who this person was and the last thing they should be doing was bragging about who they were or who they’re parents are.“The Maximoff boys,” the man said. “Born to the Scarlet Witch Wanda Maximoff and The Vision, though how that’s possible, we haven’t figured out yet. But we will. The two of you shouldn’t even exist right now.”What does he mean by that? Tommy asked, throwing his brother a look through their cage bars.I don’t know, his twin replied. But I don’t think it’s good. And he knows Mom and Dad, maybe they’re here too.“Ah!” Another voice came, as did another figure, this one also dressed in black, however his dress was different from his comrades. His pants and boots were black, as was the cloak that was draped around his shoulders and floated down to his knees. There was a bit of shine from the inside that appeared yellow due to the lighting in the cave.The cape covered a bright red shirt, with a strange looking star that was settled against the man’s stomach. He had dark hair and dark stubble that was quickly turning into a beard and a mask seemed to be settled back on the top of his head.“The famous Maximoff twins,” the figure said, approaching the two cages. “I’m pleased to see you’re both awake. We were a bit worried there, afraid the spell of getting you both out may have caused you. How’re you both feeling?”“Well, we’d be better if we weren’t being locked up,” Tommy sassed.The second man laughed. “Yes, I’m sure you would,” he replied. “But you’re in those cages not only for your safety, but ours. I saw what the two of you could do in Westview and I can’t take the chance that you’ll do the same thing here. And this certainly isn’t the place I want the two of you to get lost in.”“And where would that place be?” asked Billy.“Why, you’re in Wundagore Mountain,” the second man replied. “It’s the…tourist attraction for this country.” He looked around at the jagged walls and dirt. “It’s interesting, I’ll give them that, but it’s also necessary for what needs to be done.” Looking back at the boys, he said, “I’ve gone through a lot of effort to bring you here and technically, you should be thanking me for reversing the spell that put you in that book.”“Thank you,” said Billy, his tiny eyes hard and glaring.“You’re welcome,” the man answered. “And you’ll be repaying my kindness in a much greater way.”“We’re doing no such thing!” spat Tommy, grabbing the bars and shaking them. “This is child imprisonment, you know. There are laws against that kind of thing!”“You seem to know us and you know our parents,” Billy stated. “Where are they? We want to see them. Now.”“You’re in no position to be demanding anything, little man,” the first man threatened, taking a step towards the second cage, but was stopped by the second man.“Now, now, Monti,” the man said, smiling at him and the boys. “They are children and children are prone to have questions. It’s natural. As for your parents, they aren’t here, but I’m hoping they will be.”“Why?” Tommy questioned.“Who are you?” Billy seconded.“Apologies,” he whispered. “I was so excited to see that you were awake, I never did introduce myself. You might remember me from Westview, where I was known as Tyler Hayward. But I have a much greater purpose now and the two of you are going to help me achieve that. As for my name…”The man pulled down the mask. It was golden and covered the top half of his face, extending down the side of his face and slightly curling under his chin. To the side emerged two long, spiral horns.“You can call me…Pandemonium.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter XV
  
  Somewhere over the Atlantic Ocean

  2657 miles from New York

  40000 feet over water

  Avengers Quinjet
 Scott could count on one hand the number of times he’d flown on a jet.Even when he worked at VistaCorp, he wasn’t ever in a high enough position to ride around in fancy cars and even more fancier jets.He was just the little guy who watched over their technology and security. Which was why it always struck him as odd - and even a bit ironic - when he was the one to go to jail.All because he was  returning  the money that his company had stolen from little guys like him.Scott liked helping, even as a child; he had been a boy scout just so he could help his grandmother and other elder persons walk across the street and he had volunteered at a number of charitable events and shelters as a teen and young adult.He had always thought it was a strength of his, but after VistaCorp, he wondered if maybe it was a  curse.His need to help people was why he had decided to help Hank and Hope in the first place, it was the reason he had answered the call from Sam Wilson, and it was why he had gone back to helping Hank and Hope.It wasn’t to say that the end result wasn’t great - he had a better relationship with Maggie, Jim, and Cassie after his battle with Yellowjacket, but he’d been placed on house arrest and a wedge had formed between him and Hope.It was the last two that made him think really hard about not only what his need to help meant for him, but what it meant to his family, especially Cassie. Being separated from them for nearly a year had been heartbreaking, all because he had wanted to help his idol - Captain America.Losing out on five years of his daughter’s life was because he had wanted to help Ava Starr and return her to a life of normalcy.And now, here he was, standing at the command console - the command console! - on a supersonic jet owned by the Avengers - OMG, he was an official Avenger! Right? - all because he wanted to help his friends get their children back. Part dream, part possible nightmare.Just like with his other adventures, Scott hadn’t thought twice about helping. Wanda and Vision were his friends and like everyone else, seeing those two together again, after facing Thanos and losing so many, was fantastic. He hadn’t even known about the whole snap fiasco and everyone's disappearance until he’d made his way home and saw Cassie, his now teenage daughter, opening the door to him.The man had been devastated to know that he’d miss so much time in the life of his only child and had been extremely grateful for Jim, taking over as the main parent when both of Cassie’s were gone.Scott could see it in their faces and heard it in their voices - Vision had said they hadn’t seen their children in a year, a whole year; the man suspected everyone believed they’d be rescuing babies or small toddlers, but the brunette wasn’t so sure. Vision had said they had spent a lifetime in Wanda’s reality…a day or week on the outside could mean anywhere from a year to a decade on the inside.That meant their kids could be teenagers now, just like Cassie, and his friends had missed out on actual years of life.Scott wasn’t going to let that happen to another parent, especially not to his friends.So once the Quinjet had gotten to the appropriate flight altitude that would allow for the autopilot to kick in, the current Ant-Man made his way to the center console on the plane, joining the others as they tried to plan out their next move.“I’ve never heard of Transia,” Bucky murmured, looking at the map that hovered above the table. “And I’ve been over most of Europe.”“I’d never heard of it either,” Wanda responded, a frown on her face. “But I think I knew the stories that came from the country. Weird experiments, demons and creatures living within the mountains…they were tall tales told by parents to make sure children didn’t stay out after dark.“That all changed when the war happened. There was enough reason to stay inside without conjuring up monsters in the shadows.”“It’s not great,” Sam said, looking at the country map. “And by that, I mean it’s never a good idea to go into a mission without knowing anything about the place you’re going.”“Well, I do know the place we need to head to is the mountain there,” replied the redhead, pointing to the mountain range on the map. “Mount Wundagore, it’s called. Agatha told me there’s a small village at the base, but any and all activity is coming from that mountain.”“Is there a way in?” asked Hope.“I would hope so,” said Vision. “Hayward was apparently able to get in, so it stands to reason there must be an entrance.”“We’ll just need to find it,” echoed Bucky. Turning to Wanda, he asked, “Your contact have any idea on how to get in?”“If she does, she hasn’t told me,” she replied. “Yet. Given her own experience with the Darkhold, she wants to stay as far away from it as she can.”“Why?” Scott asked, curious as to why someone who had previously fought against them would now be helping them.“Because Hayward wouldn’t be our only problem.”“Okay,” Rhodes breathed out. “What do we know so far?”Vision took the lead, pointing to the area indicated by his wife. “Agatha said she was able to track both the book and Hayward to the Transian mountain range,” he began.“Mount Wundagore is actually considered a national monument for the people of the country and a highlight for the capital, East Transia. According to legend, it’s within Wundagore that the elder god Chthon wrote the Darkhold, carving out the caverns that are said to be within.”“Has no one ever been in these caverns?” Hope questioned.“If they have, they never got out alive,” Wanda supplied. “That’s how the rumors of experiments and creatures began. Beside from Chthon, there was an alien that supposedly attacked the village and took some of the people hostage until he was defeated by the local hero.“They say there’s even a hidden laboratory within the mountain, but no one has ever come forward to prove its existence.”“We’re going off a lot of rumors and hearsay,” Rhodes groaned, scratching his chin. After a moment, he leveled a look at the couple. “You trust this Agatha?”“Not in the least,” Vision answered, before Wanda had even spoken, though she did grimace at the commonly asked question.“Not as far as I can throw her,” she said, honestly. “Which is still pretty far. Unfortunately, she’s the only knowledgeable source we have on this and I don’t think she’s lying. She knows the consequences of that.”Their truce with Agatha was hard fought, but tenuous at best; Vision was more than convinced the elder witch would turn on them one day. As they say in the digital game, it wasn't a question of if, only when."Friday," asked Rhodes. "You have any information on this?""Only to back up what Wanda described," replied the AI. "The country of Transia was previously established as Wallachia, before becoming what we call it now. The history seemingly starts well before 13,000 BC. Mount Wundagore had been a part of the estate of one Gregor Russoff in the 1930s before it was sold to a Jonathan Drew."Drew supposedly found an ore deposit of uranium and built a science facility near or within the mountain.""That seems to line up with the story of a hidden laboratory," Vision supplied. "History has often demonstrated that many legends have a strain of truth in them.""Well, secret lab aside," Sam said. "All we know so far is that this country is old and there's more to this mountain than has been documented.""That's usually what happens when one visits the old country," Wanda quipped. "Countries like that tend to keep to themselves and often times don't like outsiders coming into their space."The others nodded, Rhodes and Sam remembering the earlier reaction to Tony's Iron Legion being onsite in Sokovia. That had certainly been the first impression most had gotten with the Maximoff twins and vice versa - there was no trust with either the Avengers or Tony Stark.The ride descended into quiet, the team going off to prepare and get some rest before making the final landing into Transia. Vision took his place next to Bucky as the co-pilot, keeping the former soldier company. Any strangeness the latter may have had with the former didn't seem to be present as they traveled along.Bucky appreciated the silence and it appeared that his companion felt the same. There was a lot going on, a wealth of information had been shared tonight, and it was always better to let something like this sit within for a bit, a moment to allow for everything to correlate in your mind.Elsewhere, Hope had wrangled Sam into hand to hand training purposes, something the current captain believed was a good idea. Rhodes had joined them, claiming he'd take on the winner, while Clint was off getting ready the best way he knew - selecting the right arrows for the upcoming job.That left Scott to his own devices and he thought the best use of his time was...to get information. He had always told Cassie that learning everything you could about something would help you understand it better.And he really wanted to understand this whole alternate reality situation.Wanda wasn't far from the cockpit, sitting in one of the seats against the side of the jet, arms crossed, head leaned back on the steel siding, and eyes closed. Scott quietly stepped up, trying to discern whether the woman was asleep or not. He noted the rising of her chest, slow and steady and he almost stepped back, not wanting to disturb her, until she murmured to him."Did you need something, Scott?""Whoa!" he slightly exclaimed, placing a hand against his chest. "Geez, Red, I wasn't sure if you were asleep or not."One green eye locked onto him, then the other before Wanda smirked. "Just meditating," she replied. "You're meditating now?" he chuckled, gesturing to the seat next to her and receiving the confirmation for him to sit."Well," she said, embarrassed. "It's more thinking, then meditating I guess. Just some quiet.""Oh," Scott whispered, sighing a bit. "If you want me to go…""No, no, you're fine," she said. "Besides, it looked like you wanted to talk to me.""Aw, well," the man replied, shrugging. "I just haven't gotten a chance to talk to you. It's been like...forever!"Wanda laughed quietly. "It hasn't been that long, you know," she said. "Only a few years, not including a funeral.""Your humor hasn't improved.""Says the king of the Dad joke," the redhead retorted. "I shudder to think of you teaching Vizh any."That thought alone, of Vision making horrible jokes for their boys, tempered her mirth for a moment, but she cleared her throat and glanced at the brunette next to her."What was it you planned to ask me?""Hmm?""You were looking for me for a reason, Scott," she smirked. "Your thoughts betray you more than you think."The man huffed, slinking back against the seat and matching Wanda's position. "Says the telepath," he retorted. Honestly, he'd forgotten his initial question and was just enjoying the moment. She had joked about it, but it really had been years since they had seen each other.After he and Clint agreed to go on house arrest, Scott hadn't seen the young woman until, honestly, Tony's funeral. The battle with Thanos had been chaotic enough, there was no time to suddenly stop and have a friendly chat. And a funeral was in no way the time nor place to wonder what had gone on during the years they hadn't seen each other."I still can't believe you have kids," he said, chuckling at the look she threw him."I'm not that much younger than you," she protested."Nope," he smirked. "You're  younger. Which isn't bad or anything! Just, you know...it's weird when the kid has a kid.""You know you sound like Clint, right?""Yeah, well," Scott began. "Sometimes dads find it weird when young people have kids, cause you know, to us they're the kids. It's worse when you know said kid, cause...well, you know…""It makes you feel old?" Wanda hastened to guess, her lip curled in a smile.  "No," huffed Scott, going so far as to stick his tongue out at her. "I am totally not old, thank you very much. Clint's old. And Rhodes is old. Not me, though.""Hope said you were like seventy-five," the woman continued. "You totally don't look a day over fifty.""Oy!" he exclaimed, wagging a finger at the giggles coming from his side. "I see how it is, gang up on the newbie. I'll have you know, miss missy, that I'm a svelte fifty-seven...hundred years young."Scott chuckled, happy in the notion that he was able to get Wanda laughing. It wasn't his place and he had barely known anyone he had joined in the Raft, but the man felt it was part of his duty to keep the young woman's spirits up. Clint was primary the person she turned to, but Scott did his best to see a smile on her face whenever he could.That's what he worried about the most, when he and Clint were offered their deals; he knew Clint had enacted some promise from Vision to keep a watch over her, but he didn't know what exactly that entailed. And not knowing Vision outside of his clearly enamored synthetic persona, Scott wasn't sure AIs were even capable of using the type of humor humans often got off on.He worried about Wanda, they all did, but Scott felt if anyone could make and keep the redhead happy, it was Vision. He wasn't lying when he stated they were his favorite couple; they had been his favorite couple while on the run. His only worry had been upon learning that Vision had been killed by Thanos. Their crazy plan to go back in time to get the Infinity Stones may not have worked; if it hadn't, it would've been sad for everyone involved, but somewhere, he hoped Vision and Wanda could and would find each other.When their crazy plan had actually worked, well...everyone that had been snapped came back.Anyone who had died, didn't.And they lost people in the end anyway.He didn't like how Vision had come back; not that he wasn't happy about it - he totally was! - he just didn't like how the government had disregarded their own rules to do it and then to try and reprogram him into hurting Wanda...he didn't like that t all and didn't like what the alternative would've, could've been."I bet you're an awesome mom."The statement just blurted out from his lips, but it was said in genuine seriousness. Which is why the responding frown didn't make sense."An awesome mom wouldn't have let her kids get sucked into a book of evil.""Yeah," Scott nodded. "But an awesome mom would totally do everything in her power to get them back.""Yeah."He hadn't meant for this conversation to be sad, he'd wanted to sit down and ask Wanda about her children, what their names were, who they were as people, how old they were, etc. Vision had said being inside their world had felt like a lifetime - what did they do as a family? How did they celebrate the holidays?Did they sit around the table having dinner together?"They'll be totally stoked to see you," he added."Stoked?""Yeah," he said. "They'll be totally excited. All the cool kids say stoked. It means excited.""Yes, I know what stoked means," she quipped. "I just haven't heard or used it in years.""Your loss."Wanda shook her head, grinning widely. "I have missed you, Lang."They sat in silence for a bit before Scott finally asked what he wanted. "What're they like?"The woman let out a sigh, a warning that this was not a line of questioning she wanted to go down. But just when Scott was about to back peddle, Wanda began to answer."They're good boys," she whispered, fondly. "Tommy is...already going to be a handful, I just know it. He reminds me a lot of Pietro at times; very charismatic, ready to get into something if you give him the idea. Billy is...more quiet, thinks things through…"They're both very curious, something they definitely get from their father," she continued. "And kind, maybe far more intuitive than I give them credit for, Billy especially.""Billy's the oldest?""Tommy's the oldest," she corrected. "By about twelve minutes. Huh." Wanda let out an amused breath of air, that ended with a small chuckle. "All this time and that never occurred to me until now.""What?" asked Scott."Tommy and Billy are twins," she explained. "Tommy's twelve minutes older, just like Pietro was. And he has...some of his uncle's personality. Jebati, I just hope he doesn't die the same way his uncle did.""Hey now," Scott said, sitting up straighter and turning to the woman. "We are not gonna let that happen. I don't care what this guy has got working for him or with him, but that's just not gonna happen. We're gonna get your boys back and then we're gonna have a barbecue at Clint's house or Sam's house…"Hopefully Sam's house cause I've never been to Louisiana and I heard they have fantastic barbecue and seafood and I really love seafood. And they have these things called crawdads, that I've never heard of, but I want to eat. Actually...I'm...kinda hungry right now. We have any snacks on here?""Well, if the layout's the same," Wanda stated, standing and stretching her arms over her head. "I think I know where Rhodes stashes his premium cookies.""Premium , you say?" his voice taking on a rather haughty tone, as he also stood. "You had me at cookies.""I could've said 'buffet' and I would've had you.""You are not wrong."  
  Eastern Europe

  Transia

  10000 feet over the village of East Transia 

  Avengers Quinjet
 The arrival of the Avengers Quinjet managed to narrow the flight window to nine and half hours, placing them over the skies of Transia in the early afternoon the next day. F.R.I.D.A.Y had informed the group that the weather over the mountain range was to be sunny, with high temperatures of at least 70, despite the close proximity to the natural wonder.Bucky's original idea about setting the plane down near the mountain, but away from the village would still work, however both Vision and Wanda were anxious about getting on the ground and meeting with Agatha. The elder witch had been adamant that the couple get there as quickly as possible, as she believed Hayward was planning on doing something with the Darkhold.So there they were, hovering about 10,000 feet above the capital city, the loading ramp of the plane open and the Avengers standing at its opening. “Okay, here’s how we’ll do this,” Sam replied, his voice slightly muffled due to the air whipping about outside.“Scarlet Vision drops first, then Ant-Man and the Wasp, then War Machine and myself. Once we’re clear, Rhodey and I will keep our eyes open for a nearby clearing to land the Quinjet. After that, we’ll get Bucky and Hawkeye where they need to go.”Turning to look at the couple, as well as the rest of the group, Captain America ended with, “The only people I want going into that mountain are Scott and Hope and only because they’re small enough to avoid detection. Got it?”“Understood,” Vision replied, nodding to the man and falling in step with his wife as they prepared to jump. “One last thing,” he said over his shoulder. His head tilted towards the group, though his eyes never met the others. “No one goes near Hayward. He’s ours to handle.”With that, both the Scarlet Witch and the Vision jumped from the plane, their powers of flight propelling them through the air and clouds as they made their way towards the area Agatha had informed her counterpart she would be waiting.The clear warning was troublesome, concerning coming from a being who normally didn’t hold a mean streak in his entire body. His anger now made sense, but it still didn’t sit well with the others who knew him, who knew the Vision before the Accords and during a long two-year split between the group.Wordlessly, Sam nodded to the particle duo, who returned the nod and jumped, free-falling until both of them could reach a point where they could shrink down without dangerous repercussions. Rhodes stepped up, his bulky shoulder rising inches above Sam’s own thanks to the Mark VII suit.“I’ll go left, you head right?”Captain America nodded his understanding. “Everyone stays on comms,” he replied, placing a finger to his ear. “Let us know if anything comes up.”“You got it, Cap!” came Scott’s exclamation, the wind catching his voice and making his agreement more of a shout than a clear statement.The captain and the Mark suit each made their jumps, flying off from the jet, and allowing Bucky and Clint to lower the aircraft’s altitude.On the ground below, Agatha was patiently waiting at the base of the mountain. The area was flush with green grass, tall trees, rocks, and small boulders. The mountain itself was far more beautiful and intimidating when looking up at it and completely majestic from the air.The elder witch had dismissed the beauty of the mountain once she felt the magical and very suffocating atmosphere that permeated the area. It even seemed to seep into the town below, faint traces of magical energy were so heavy in the air, you could literally breath and taste it.No wonder the people in town didn’t seem bothered by the strange feeling that surrounded them.Whatever that former director or agent or whoever he was happened to be doing inside was bad enough that it was mixing, maybe even overpowering, the magic that was already present. When the energy changed to something more familiar, the witch couldn’t help the small smile that gathered on her face. A little later than usual, but when Wanda Maximoff said she would do something, she did it.No sooner had the signature of the younger witch come into her purview, then the image of both Wanda and Vision were coming into view, the two of them hovering in the air before lowering themselves to the ground and walking towards Agatha. In the background, the growing figures of a mechanical being and something red, white, and blue followed them.“Oh,” the elder woman replied. “Seems you brought the calvary.”“Figured it couldn’t hurt,” responded Wanda, walking up along with Vision.“You’re sure Hayward is still within the mountain?” asked the synthezoid.“You can’t feel that?” Agatha countered, looking between the two of them. “This whole area is drowning in magic.”Wanda looked curiously at her. “Are you alright?” she asked.Agatha laughed, a tinge of nervousness underneath. “I’m right as rain, dearie,” she said. “Though you’ll forgive me if I don’t join your circle of vengeance here.”“This is not…” Vision began, shaking his head, but was quickly interrupted by Harkness.“Cruise for justice, then,” she amended before the synthezoid could correct her. “Either way, yes, I’m fairly sure your government agent friend is in there somewhere.”“You know of a way into the mountain?” asked Sam. He and Rhodes had come up behind the couple, landing a few yards away, leading the Quinjet to a sparse area to land.“Well, I can’t say where it’ll lead,” she began, though she pointed past them towards a side of the nearby hill. “But I did find a little hideaway nook that you could sneak into. You know, I could show you…”“Heel, Agatha,” admonished Wanda, trying to reign in the elder woman’s workaholic like libido.“I think we found it,” replied Hope through the comms. “Northeast side of the mountain.”“Looks pretty deep, too,” Scott added. “I think this might be our secret, spooky entrance.”“Good work,” Sam nodded. Looking at the couple, he said, “Alright, let’s go.”“Have fun in the mountain,” Agatha happily chuckled. She however lowered her voice slightly to say, “Vision, Wanda, a word?”The couple looked at each other in confusion, while Rhodes looked at them questionably, but didn’t say anything as the two followed the elder witch a few yards from the rest of the group. Before Vision could ask what the urgency of the delay was, Agatha immediately launched into her speculation.“I think the boys are out of the book.”“How do you know this?” Vision asked, breathlessly. They had thought they’d be securing the Darkhold and then delivering it to the Sorcerer Supreme to hopefully release their sons. It was a small hope, but hope nonetheless.“Magic, my boy,” she continued. “And Tommy and Billy are definitely very…magical. Also, I’m familiar with their signatures; I hadn’t really felt them when I had the book – I heard them, there wasn’t a way not to – but I didn’t really feel them.“Until now.”“You think Hayward was able to get their souls out of the book?” whispered Wanda.“I don’t know,” Agatha answered. “But he’s clearly done something or else I wouldn’t have felt what I felt. Which means you should be able to feel them, too; a mother always can.”The younger woman almost dismissed the statement, before her thoughts reminded her of the boys’ voices, of seeing Billy in her dreams. Surely her counterpart couldn’t have known that, even if she claimed to have heard the boys as well. Vision nodded, slowly, processing what they had just heard and hearing his wife’s own thoughts on the matter.“Thank you, Agatha,” he replied, nodding to the witch. Whatever his thoughts on the ancient sorceress were couldn’t overshadow her help in this matter; he would never fully trust her, but he couldn’t exactly state that she hadn’t brought them this far.“One last thing you can do for us,” Wanda started.“Get in contact with our yummy supreme?” the elder concluded, a sly smile on her face.“If you would,” replied the synthezoid. “They contacted us about the strangeness of the mountain and it would only be fair for them to be aware of what was actually going on.”“And to give him back the book,” Wanda added. “The further away from the world, the better.”Harkness gave her agreement, raising an eyebrow at the redhead in some unspoken communication. Wanda none the less seemed to understand the request, using her magic to open the portal to the Sanctum Sanctorum in New York, straight in to the foray of the cozy home/supernatural museum.“Thanks for the ride, doll,” Agatha smirked, winking at the couple before turning to walk through the swirling light of the portal.The two watched as the portal closed, each contemplating the revelation Agatha had given them, the mere thought that the twins were free from their leather prison was enticing, but worrisome. How had Hayward been able to do it? What exactly did he do?That was the thought on the minds of not just the Maximoffs, but Agatha as well. What she hadn’t said, what she hadn’t voiced out loud was the worry she felt. It was evident from Agatha’s own use of the Darkhold that collecting souls was the easy part, that was the literal bread and butter for the book.The problem with that, however and what the elder witch didn’t say, was that while souls went into the book, it was a rarity that souls came out.It was a one way trip, not a revolving door.In what condition would Tommy and Billy Maximoff be found?  The sextet came upon Scott and Hope as they stood at a hollowed out hole on the side of the mountain. It was clear that the entrance wasn’t naturally occurring, that someone or something had burrowed their way in – or out – of the mountain and whatever it was, had been extensively huge.The entrance itself was at least twelve to fifteen feet high, with a width of at least ten feet. The rocky path that led up to the interior entrance seemed to level out, the dirt thinning slightly as it went inside. The darkness was foreboding, warning off trespassers just as equally as it seemed to beacon in those who were curious as to the strange opening.“So who wants to go first?” Clint asked, looking into the mouth.Vision nodded. “I’ll go,” he said, the arc reactor on his forehead lighting up the area before them. “Captain, you and War Machine bring up the rear.”If the two obligatory leaders of the group held any animosity at the order, neither voiced their upset, instead nodding their consent. Vision took the first steps into the cave, Wanda following in line behind him, then both Clint and Bucky and so on.The path inside was long, dark, and quiet. Whatever Hayward was doing here, it was either much further than they were or he was doing something so secret, the sound was condensed to where he hid. No one spoke as they continued, beyond the entrance, and deeper within the mountain.Wanda was reminded of the underground city she, Vision, and Strange had gone to in Turkey. Her husband had stated that the city was one of six that had been discovered by archaeologists, a labrynth of tunnels that seemingly interconnected through the whole city of Derinkuyu. It had been a wonder to see man made caverns, a sight that had only been interrupted by the appearance of a real live demon that had come from its resting place to attack them.Time seemed to slow once the barrier of the mountain had been crossed; what should’ve felt like an hour of walking didn’t seem more than fifteen minutes. Or perhaps it had been several hours and they had been roaming this structure for years, no one truly knew and no one wanted to say it out loud.“Are we getting enough air in here?” Scott huffed.“It’s the air itself, I think,” murmured Bucky. “It’s heavy.”“It’s magic,” Wanda whispered.“Hayward?” questioned Vision. His wife shook her head.“I actually think it’s the mountain itself,” she said. “Whatever Hayward’s doing is only adding to it.”“Or the mountain’s adding to whatever he’s doing,” Clint added. “Either way, it’s not good.”The group traveled on, minutes or another hour they couldn’t tell, but eventually they reached a strange fork; more of a curved wall that separated two paths – a narrow one to the right and an open, winding one to the left.“I know we’re all thinking it,” Rhodes began, looking between the two courses. “But maybe we don’t do a ‘let’s split up, gang’ routine, cause splitting up never works well.”“I don’t think we have much of a choice, James,” Vision replied, his gaze drifting towards the path to the left.“Does Friday have any ideas?” asked Hope.“Wundagore Mountain hasn’t really been chronicled,” came the AI’s response. "This would technically be the first time anyone's been inside and I'm sure most people aren't aware this is even here.""I believe we'll cover a lot more ground if we take different paths," Vision spoke up. "I'm even less inclined to do so, but we currently have an element of surprise that we can't afford to lose.""And don't forget the reason we're here," added the redhead. "Our main priority is getting that book back and away from Hayward.""I'll take the path to the right then," said Clint. "I've done my fair share of tight spaces and I might be able to find a vantage point somewhere." Looking up at the high ceiling above them, he continued with, "The mountain has a top, so that might mean there's a passage that goes that far as well.""Find them, Clint," Wanda stated, her voice hard and strong, but also carrying a pleading tone. She and Vision hadn't told the others what Agatha had revealed, mostly because they didn't want to voice the hope out loud.But if anyone could understand and if anyone could find the boys, physical or otherwise, it was Clint."Scott, go with him," Sam said.Scott nodded, immediately deploying his Ant-Man helmet and hitting the button on his suit. The full sized man seemingly shrank into nothingness, but his presence was still felt. The archer glanced to his left, his left shoulder to be precise, and noted the smaller version of Lang climbing up to the top."You good?""Yep," the smaller man replied. "Let's do this!"The two set off down the path to the right, leaving the others to head down the left. This path grew from a narrow corridor to an open one and, just as Clint had predicted, the trail began to move upwards into the mountain. “Clint,” Rhodes asked. “You still with us?”“I hear ya.”“I’ve been able to redirect a nearby satellite, Rhodes,” reported F.R.I.D.A.Y. “That should help boost the frequency of the comms, but I suggest you don’t completely go off from one another.”“Understood,” the captain responded. “Clint, go as far as you can; if you don’t find anything, come back to where we split up. We’ll do the same.”“Got it.”The larger group continued on, walking up the steep walkway until the ground leveled out and they found themselves on an apparent second floor landing. This area seemed to open further into an actual landing, a larger space that allowed the group to split slightly; ahead of them, were at least three separate corridors that lead somewhere deeper into the mountain.“Where do you think those go?” asked Bucky.“Probably nowhere good,” Hope replied. “The question is which one we should go through?”“I pick meeny,” said Rhodes, pointing to the middle passage.“Meeny?” Vision questioned, both he and Wanda looking at the armored man in confusion.“Sure,” the colonel explained. Pointing to each opening, he said, “Eeny, meeny, and miny.”“What would’ve happened if there were four tunnels?” Sam quipped.“I would’ve gone with moe.”“Should we split up?” Bucky asked.“Remember what Friday said,” Vision answered. “The further we get into the mountain, the more likely we’ll begin to lose communication with each other. We’ve already split off with Clint and the last thing we want is to run into Hayward while we’re even more splintered. That’s exactly what he wants.”“He doesn’t even know we’re here,” Rhodes countered.“Are you sure?” asked Wanda. “I doubt it, but I’ve also underestimated him before and it nearly cost me.” She felt her husband stiffen next to her, his mind obviously going towards the very act she spoke of.“Good point,” War Machine muttered. “We stay together unless something pops up. Let’s go.”  Clint and Scott walked in silence down the narrow corridor, or rather, Clint walked and Scott hung on, sitting on the archer’s shoulder as they went on. The space was dimly lit, though the larger man held a flashlight in his hand to help guide their way.The conversation from the others was faintly heard, a signal that their comms were thankfully still working, even as they went deeper into the mountain caverns.The former S.H.I.E.L.D agent was used to being in tight spaces, however he could honestly state that he hadn’t ever been in this type of environment, where the space was unknown. Close quarter fighting was one of his skills, but being able to see the landscape as a whole was his specialty. He wasn’t sure where these tunnels led, but he hoped they wouldn’t get too far in and not have a way out.“How far do you think this thing goes?” Scott asked, from his place on Clint’s shoulder.“I don’t know,” came the reply. “But given how big this thing is, we’ll probably be right in the middle of it before too long.”That seemed to be the case the more the archer walked, their path curving before also starting to climb upwards. Like the others, they too found themselves on an upper walkway, however theirs seemed to be on a third level rather than a second. There were high ledges to their left that overlooked into a bottom opening, which revealed itself to be a large space the further up they went.It also seemed to have been recently active.There were actual torches that were not only lit up via holders on the cavern walls, but there was also a rather large fire that rested in the middle of the area. There was at least two individuals patrolling the grounds, each standing on one side of the fire pit, and both dressed in black attire.“Those must the guys Wanda warned us about,” Scott said, jumping from Clint’s shoulder and landing on the dirt ledge.Clint hunched down, removing both his bow and a custom arrow from his quiver. “Are they armed?” he asked from below.“Looks like they have some side arms,” the brunette reported, scanning the area. “And there’s a couple of automatic weapons by one of the cave walls, but it’s not close by. If we take them, they won’t have time to…wait.”“What?”Scott’s eyebrows raised when he looked to the right. There, a few feet from the fire pit were two medium sized cages and what alarmed the man most was that there were clearly two beings in them. “Clint, come up here,” he whispered, urgently.Clint raised himself slightly, tossing a glance over the ledge before standing to see better, confirming what Scott saw. “Heads up,” he replied, contacting the others. “Scott and I have visual on two hostiles on a lower level. Both armed, side and automatic weapons. They’re guarding a set of cages and there are definitely people in them. Very small, childlike people.”“Can you get down there?” asked Sam.“We’re definitely gonna try, Cap,” Scott stated, seriously. Looking at Clint he said, “I think I have a plan. Do you think you could shoot an arrow down there? Maybe a distraction? That way I get a ride and I can knock out the guards.”The archer nodded at the idea, notching the arrow he had previously pulled. “Nice plan, Lang,” he whispered. Pointing his bow and arrow down so the man could climb aboard, he said, “This is a smoke arrow. My plan was to blind them then catch them off-guard.”“Great minds think alike!” the pint-sized man exclaimed. “Okay, I’m ready. Arrow’s away!”Clint aimed the projectile near the firepit, so it would appear that the smoke was coming from there. Once fired and a direct hit was made, the smoke immediately began to swirl around the legs of the two armed guards, causing panic as they tried to discover where the smoke was coming from.He vaguely heard the question of whether the two hostages below were alive and he murmured that he was about to find out, pulling another arrow and shooting it across the room at an angle. Then using his bow, he turned the zipline into a vine swing, hitting the ground and rolling into a kneeling position. By the time he landed, Scott had grown and shrunk, knocking out one man and tossling with the other.Without standing, Clint immediately had another arrow in his bow and flying through the air before it hit the man straight in the chest, pushing him to the ground. Scott nodded his thanks, saying, “I’m gonna run ahead and see if there’s anyone else.” before running off towards another side entrance on the opposite area of the room.Now that he was ground level, Clint turned to see the figures in the cages, both of whom were now looking at him in wide eyed, childlike surprise. “Hostages are alive,” he confirmed, standing and walking over to the cages. There seemed to be a fairly complicated locking mechanism on both doors, an overkill procedure for trapping two kids, but if they were who he thought, it may not have been so far-fetched.“You two Tommy and Billy?” he asked, quietly, managing to break the first lock with his pocket knife and a well earned kick.“Who wants to know?” asked the boy to the left.The man didn’t answer until he had unlocked both cages and the two boys were able to slowly and cautiously climb out. There was a definite resemblance between the two, signifying that they had to be siblings; both held the same shading of brown hair that seemed to match their eyes, which currently held suspicious gazes as they looked at the man.“I’m a friend of your parents,” Clint replied, keeping low to the ground and a bit apart from the two.As a father himself, he had of course taught of his kids about stranger danger and what to do in the case they were ever confronted with someone who wanted to harm them. Even if these weren’t Wanda and Vision’s children, they were still two kids that were away from their parents or guardians in a strange mountain hold and talking to someone they clearly didn’t know.“My name’s Clint,” he continued, looking for any recognition of the name. When none came, he added, “I’m an Avenger.”“You’re a what?” asked the first boy.“You said you know our parents,” began the second. “Do you know where they are?”“Yeah,” the man said. “They’re with me and they’re here.”
  Is he lying?

  I don’t think so, but that Hayward guy said he knew Mom and Dad, too. And he was trying to kill us.

  What the heck is an Avenger?
Clint watched as the two looked at each other for a long moment, before turning back to stare at him hard. “Prove it,” the first boy demanded, his face set into a scowl.It took a beat, and everything Clint had to not laugh at the sight, before he finally placed where he had seen that hard look before. It was what he and Nat had called the Maximoff Stare, the glare that Wanda tended to give when she was close to using her powers on you.Nodding, Clint reached into his side pants pocket and pulled out two ear pieces, handing one to each boy. “Put those in your ear,” he said. “And you’ll be able to talk to of them.”Still clearly skeptical, the boys did what they were told, with the second boy asking a tentative, “Mom?”“Billy!?” came Wanda’s excited cry.“Is Dad with you?” asked the first boy, the apparent Tommy, his tough demeanor instantly dropping once he heard his mother’s voice.“Yes,” Vision choked out. “Thomas, yes, I’m here, boys.”Clint turned away to assess the area behind him, even turning down his hearing aid slightly so the family could enjoy their reunion. He knew what it felt like to be apart from your family and certainly knew what losing one felt like as well; instead, he gave a few cursory glances at the two boys.To him, there was no doubt these were Wanda’s kids. So used to the dyed red hair the young woman now sported, it would’ve been easy to dismiss the brunette locks that both boys had and certainly the personality of her oldest definitely reminded him of the woman when they had first met. Their faces were shaped like their mother’s, though Clint noted that Vision’s features were framed there as well.Both boys had his nose and as they listened to their parents’ instructions on who Clint was and what they needed to do when following him out of there, their expressions were ones shared with their father.
  “Clint?”
“I’m here,” he responded, his attention back on the group, a finger covertly raising the volume on his heart aid.“Do you think you could find your way out of there?” Vision asked.“Scott went to check if there were any other goons we needed to be aware of,” he stated, standing and walking over to the unconscious men on the ground. He began to divest them of their side arms, ejecting the clips and putting them in his pocket. “Scottie, you still alive?”“Coming back right now,” was the answer. “I think I found another passageway and I think it leads back to the others. I could faintly hear talking from where I was.”“Run into anyone or anything on the way?” asked Bucky.“Not yet,” the man said, coming back into view of Clint and the two children. “But this place seems to have a lot of hidey holes.”“There’s a bigger chamber further in,” Billy admitted, his face contorted in what looked like confusion. “I think I hear them.”“You can hear them?” Clint asked, also confused.“We’ll worry about that once you’re out, William,” Vision declared, putting any further conversation to the side for the time being.“Yes, sir.”“Billy,” Wanda spoke up. “Do you think you could lead Clint and Scott back to where we are?”The boy nodded, slowly before remembering to answer. “Yeah,” he said. “I think so.”“Alright then,” Sam said. “Scott, if you think you were close, both of you get back here.”“At the first sign of trouble, boys,” Vision replied, a stern warning in his tone.“We know.” Both Tommy and Billy answered, seemingly hearing this type of warning before.“I was actually speaking to Clint and Scott,” the synthezoid chuckled. “But glad to know you’ll both abide it just the same.”Ant-Man nodded his understanding, before turning and heading back the way he had come, leading the archer and the children into their third darkened tunnel.  The other members of the new Avengers also found themselves on a third tier, following the ‘meeny’ option that Rhodes had suggested. Much like the ledging Scott and Clint had discovered, the edging around the third tier was high craved rock, but instead of looking down on a larger area, it just looked down into the dark abyss of the mountain itself.However, when one looked up, there did seem to be an opening that could access the other levels.“How far up do you think these levels go?” Hope inquired, looking up in the darkness as well. She thought there had been a flicker of light much higher, but it was difficult to see matched with their own tunnel’s sparse lighting.“I wouldn’t be surprised if these tunnels went all the way to the top of the mountain,” Wanda murmured. “The question I have is who built these? It’s like they were carved from the rock itself. It would’ve taken years, if not centuries to get this exact.”“Well, Friday did say this mountain and the village below have been around well before the first recorded set of man,” Vision stated. “And you did mention the stories of people being taken here. Much like the pyramids, these were probably constructed by unwilling slave labor.”“Heads up,” came Clint’s reply from over the comms. “Scott and I have visual on two hostiles on a lower level. Both armed, side and automatic weapons. They’re guarding a set of cages and there are definitely people in them. Very small, childlike people.”Wanda and Vision tensed at the find and the description. There hadn’t been visual contact on these hostages and the fact that they could be children was disturbing; the fact that there was a chance these were their children was unthinkable.Sam asked if there was a way for the two to get down there, but the couple were concentrated on whether or not the people in those cages were their sons."Are they alive?" Vision whispered."We're about to find out," the archer murmured, before the other line went quiet, a few sounds of a fight happening in the background.The minutes slowed while Scott and Clint took care of whatever opposition was in their way, but soon…soon they heard the words they had hoped to hear.
  “Hostages are alive.”
Vision couldn’t help it; he felt his entire body sag forward, only the top of the rock ledge holding him steady, Wanda’s head falling against his shoulder. While the health of the caged individuals was important, it still didn’t answer their number one question on the identity of those individuals.At least not until they heard a voice, a voice that the two had only heard briefly and usually in cries and pleads for help.
  “Mom?”
“Billy!?” was Wanda’s excited cry, a few tears gathering in her eyes. She had dreamt of this exact moment - perhaps not in this exact place - but hearing her son’s voice, really hearing it seemed almost too good to be true. And that’s when her treacherous mind brought up that very thought - was it only Billy who was there? Was he really real or just a manifestation of her imagination?Maybe a machination from Hayward and the Darkhold?
  “Is Dad with you?”
Tommy. Tommy was with him, both of her boys were together and both of them were in the safe and capable hands of people she trusted.“Yes,” Vision choked out, trying and failing to keep his emotions in check. “Thomas, yes, I’m here, boys.”“Are you okay?” Billy asked, worry clear in his small voice.Wanda chuckled, wiping her eyes quickly. “Shouldn’t we be asking you that?”“We’re okay,” replied Tommy. A moment later, he asked, “You really know these guys?”“Yes, Thomas,” Vision said. “We know Clint and Scott very well. It’s one of the reasons we asked them to help us. So you’re perfectly safe to go with them.”“Clint?” asked Wanda.
  “I’m here.”
“Do you think you could find your way out of there?” Vision asked.“Scott went to check if there were any other goons we needed to be aware of,” came the response. “Scottie, you still alive?”“Coming back now,” was the answer. “I think I found another passageway and I think it leads back to the others. I could faintly hear talking from where I was.”“Run into anyone or anything on the way?” asked Bucky.
  “Not yet, but this place seems to have a lot of hidey holes.”
The couple almost agreed with that assessment, looking around at their own area. They had, as a group, gone through one out of three openings, after splitting off from the original tunnel. With the boys out of the book, the urge to just take them and flee was incredibly high on their list of things to do right now.At least until their youngest’s next statement.
  “There’s a bigger chamber further in. I think I hear them.”
“You can hear them?” Clint asked, confusion in his voice.While they had told the others about the boys, the book, and the circumstances that led to their imprisonment, they hadn’t exactly made mention of the fact that the boys had powers and certainly, not what those powers were.“We’ll worry about that once you’re out, William,” Vision declared, sharing a glance with his wife. How exactly were they going to explain Billy’s telepathy or Tommy’s super speed? Simple.They weren’t.At least, not for the time being.
  “Yes, sir.”
“Billy,” Wanda spoke up, looking at Vision knowingly. “Do you think you could lead Clint and Scott back to where we are?”It took the boy a moment to respond, but he did so in the affirmative. “Yeah, I think so.”Sam instructed the quartet at finding their original group, but only if Scott was sure he could find his way back.“At the first sign of trouble, boys,” Vision began, wanting to be sure that the adults knew they were leading their children through dark and scary caverns.
  “We know.”
The synthezoid couldn’t help the chuckle that came. “I was actually speaking to Clint and Scott,” he explained, though he did appreciate the fact that his sons took his warning to heart. “But glad to know you’ll both abide it just the same.”“We’re coming back,” Clint responded, the comm going silent as the foursome began to make their way towards them.“You really think there’s a way to get back here?” Hope asked, walking further down their corridor.“Well, if there is,” Rhodes responded. “I’m hoping it doesn’t take long for us or them to find us.”“Hey.”Bucky pulled up next to Wanda, giving her a quick look as they walked alongside each other. “What did your son mean when he said he could hear others in the mountain?”“What makes you think he meant anything by it?” came the mysterious answer, though the soldier was quick to notice that the woman wasn’t looking at him and Vision threw a curious gaze back at him as they walked.“Something the two of you aren’t telling us?” Sam added. “Again.”“Do we need to do this right now?” Vision asked, huffing in annoyance. “I think my wife and I are a little more concerned about being reunited with our sons, whom we haven’t seen in a year.”“Not the time,” Rhodes reprimanded. “Though, once this is over…”“Yeah, yeah,” Wanda scoffed, waving a hand in the air. “We’ll do our obligatory sit down talk where we get reprimanded for…what’re we getting reprimanded for?”“Should we be reprimanded for the number of times we’ve been reprimanded?” asked Vision, smirking.“How many times have the two of you been reprimanded exactly?” Hope asked.“Going on a tangent, right now,” Sam replied, trying to bring the conversation back to what they had been speaking about. The captain knew when someone was trying to distract from a topic and while Rhodes was right, they had a mission to complete, but it was a bit disheartening that the two still felt the need to hide things from them.This time the tunnel they went through remained nearly identical as where they had been, the only difference was the slope upwards that led them to a fourth and then a fifth tier of the mountain. Like the others, this tunnel went from narrow to somewhat wider opening, though the high ledge was still available and still allowed the larger group to see down within the mountain.Though the corridor was wider than before, it did nothing to resolve the slight claustrophobia effect that was high in this area, but if anyone felt suffocated, they continued on without complaint.Hope wasn’t the only one who noted there might be more to the above structure than what meets the eye; Rhodes had seen something above them as well, creating an ongoing scan of the area above them, however because of the interference from the rock, it was hard getting anything more than just the lightning.Coming around a dirt corner, the lighting from above seemed to be more prevalent than ever before, signalling that they may be someone or something above them, however they didn’t here or see anything that would confirm that fact. Voices coming ahead of them put the larger group on edge, all prepared for something to happen.Around the corner, Clint and Scott arrived with two young boys before them, speaking quietly and excitedly. The boys were only stopped when they noticed the other group, more importantly when they noticed their parents.“Mom! Dad!”“Boys!”The two boys and their parents ran to each other, a scene that would typically be depicted in a Disney movie, but when done in real life, it was hard to not find the whole thing heartwarming. The rest of the group stood back, allowing the small family to have their reunion, the four hugging each other, Vision especially checking over his sons to ensure their physical safety.“You’re okay,” Wanda murmured, also giving her sons a once over. “You’re both okay.”“Are you two alright?” asked Vision, his hand on Tommy’s shoulder, giving it a friendly squeeze as he looked at the boy.“You already asked us that,” the boy huffed, thought there was no malice in the gesture. “And you never answered if the two of you are okay.”“Are you okay?” Billy asked, sending worried looks to both parents.“Aw, Billy bear,” Wanda cooed, cupping the side of the boy’s face. “We’ve fine. More than fine because we’ve finally got you back.”“I tried…I tried to tell you where…”“I know, anđeo,” she interrupted, feeding her own emotions to the boy, uncertain if he was able to pick up the feelings the same way she could.Aware that he had been able to sense Vision from the other side town had convinced Wanda her son held a different aspect of her powers, something that was most likely a combination of her powers and possibly those held by his father. She wasn’t sure and she didn’t even want to consider the circumstances – or consequences – not when she finally had eyes and physical contact with her boys.“Boys, if we could stay with you like this we would,” Vision began, his face contorting at the decision he was making.“But?” Tommy interrupted, already suspecting the bad news that was coming.“You can not stay here,” Wanda continued. “And we still have one last thing to do before we can leave, but you absolutely need to get out of here.”Neither boy appeared happy at this change of events, especially not if meant they would again be split apart from their parents. “But we just got you back!” Billy insisted, taking the very words from his parents’ thoughts and mind.“And that’s why we’re making you leave,” Vision said, sternly. “We just got you back and the last thing we want to do is give Hayward any reason to take you away from us again. That’s why Clint is going to get you out of here, while the rest of us handle the former director.”“But Dad…”“No buts, Tommy,” Wanda interrupted. “You and your brother are leaving this place and once this is over…once this is over, we can go home.”The twins looked at their parents in slight confusion. Home…didn’t really exist anymore, did it? Even before they had been taken by Agatha, they had both seen and Billy had somehow instinctively known that Westview was more of a danger than refuge.“Home?” he asked, quietly, looking between his mother and father.Vision nodded. “Home,” he said, confirming whatever fears the two might have. Standing, he gave Tommy another squeeze on the shoulder. Wanda followed suit, matching her husband’s confident stance, her hand still against the younger twin’s face.“But for now,” the synthezoid continued. “We need you two to trust us. Trust that we’re putting you in the safest hands possible while we aren’t around and trust that we will see each other very soon. Can you do that, chaps? For your mother and I?”The twins only hesitated a second, before nodding their understanding and acceptance of the situation. “Yeah, Dad,” Tommy replied, nodding once. “We can do that.”“Good lad,” Vision murmured, leaning over and planting a kiss on the boy’s head and repeating the action for his brother.“Čuvaj se,” Wanda whispered, delivering her own kisses to the boys. Looking up at Clint, she said, “Keep them safe.”“Always,” replied the archer, nodding at the woman. He knew that whatever happened, his main job now was to ensure that these two boys would not only make it out of here, but that their parents would as well. The couple entrusted him to watch over the two things that mattered more to them than anything, even the people that stood in that room.It wasn’t anything personal; it was just a fine line between business and family. The group assembled was helping because this was an issue of family and that’s exactly why the former agent was going to ensure he carried out this mission to the letter.Patting the two on their backs, Clint ushered the two ahead of him, prodding them along as they walked past their parents and the rest of the group, both boys sending final looks to the couple as they began to leave. “Boys…” Wanda started, hating how this could be another instance where she wouldn’t see them again; Hayward had proven that he would stop at nothing to get what he wanted and he wanted both her and Vision dead.“We love you,” finished Vision, internally feeling the same emotions his wife was. There had been a small twinge of jealousy, that she had been able to hear the two for months before he had; it was irrational, considering that what she heard were their pleas for help, but he couldn’t help it. He’d already missed a large milestone for them due to his own suspicions, confusion, and feelings of betrayal.He couldn’t, they couldn’t, miss another opportunity to be with their boys.“We know,” replied Billy, his tone heavy in sadness, even though he seemed to understand the point of why this was happening. It didn’t mean he had to like it.Wanda watched the man she loved like a brother and father escort the children she had been so desperate to find and protect back down the corridor they had just left, until the sight of it was too much and she had to turn away. She found herself leaning against the side ledge, closing her eyes and taking a deep breath in order to hold back the tears that threaten to fall.Behind her, she felt Vision wrestle with his own thoughts and emotions, the question of whether they were doing the right thing rolling around in both their heads. It wasn’t like Wanda didn’t have the power to portal them all away, to level the mountain and sealing Hayward and the book in the already complicated tomb of Wundagore.That thought alone was wild enough and potent enough that she was nearly about to turn around to the others, to tell them that they were getting out of there and she had a far better plan to get rid of Hayward. If anything went wrong, it could destroy the village and the people below; that thought was the only thing that really and truly prevented the woman from doing what she wanted.Because that kind of thinking was how Westview had happened in the first place.It was only when she managed to come back to herself that she realized those prevailing thoughts weren’t hers – or Vision’s – alone. No…something malevolent was in this cave with them, causing the internal base thoughts to rise to the surface. Wanda’s gaze slowly moved from the dirt covered ledge up towards the caverns that hung above them.
  Vizh…
The synthezoid turned to look at his wife. “Wanda?”“He knows,” she murmured, taking a step back from the ledge. She then turned to look at him. “Hayward knows we’re here.”Vision stiffened at the name, the melancholy he felt dropping immediately. Looking past her towards the opening, his eyes drifted upwards and a scowl settled on his face. “Then by all means, darling,” he growled. “Let’s not keep him waiting.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter XVI
  
  Eastern Europe

  The Village of East Transia

  The Depths of Wundagore Mountain 

  Upper Cavern Level

   Two hours earlier 

   
Finding this open space, so far up within the depths of Wundagore Mountain was largely thanks to the direction of the Darkhold. Hayward had never even heard of Transia or the mountain, but the book knew exactly their destination, knew the actual hidden entrance that would lead into the mountain, and had even mentioned some sort of laboratory that had been constructed here, something that could help them a bit later.But first things first – retrieving the souls of the Maximoff boys in order to lure their mother out of hiding.While Agatha Harkness had been correct that most souls were pulled into the book of sins, there was a way to get a soul out, however the method was hardly ever used and honestly, it was truly based on the book’s desire to release the soul in the first place.Which, judging by the amount of souls that helped power the book, the desire was not strong in any way.As the group of S.W.O.R.D agents traveled across the sea, Hayward learned more and more about the Scarlet Witch, a being destined to destroy the world and bring about an apocalypse. That was absolutely Wanda Maximoff to a tee, though he was also convinced that part of that destruction would be brought about by the help she’d be receiving from the highly sophisticated walking tech-bot she had stolen.The rage he had initially felt at the woman only increased ten-fold; the very fact that she had been pardoned after their tousle with Thanos, but yet hadn’t been captured for her role in Westview was a literal and figurative slap in the face.He had helped to protect the world, Maximoff had helped to ruin it and was projected to destroy it.The book not only felt his rage, but actively encouraged it. Their pursuits were the same – they both wanted the Scarlet Witch in their grasp, despite their end game goals being slightly different; Hayward wanted the witch imprisoned or better yet, destroyed while the book just wanted the witch’s powers and her soul.It was for this reason that releasing two smaller souls was the perfect trade.Hayward was the perfect soul to wield the book’s power, the perfect conduit to bring the Scarlet Witch to the ancient mountain of Wundagore. The fact that the man was familiar with the witch’s human vessel was unexpected, but immensely welcomed. The hatred and rage the man held for the witch was delicious, empowering for the book and the overwhelming feeling was intoxicating.So the book gave the man what he wanted.The spell that would release the two innocent souls that had been captured within.The former director was past the point of no return, had been since sacrificing his own agents to the book’s whims; the book had granted him power and the more he used it, the more powerful he grew. He could feel it, the power coursed through his veins, just waiting to be used and just needing the right outlet.And that time had come.The arrival in Transia was met with suspicion from the locals, but the group didn’t care, taking the rented car from the airport and driving it straight through town and towards the mountain. The book told him there was history with the Scarlet Witch and the villagers, spinning a tale where the witch had nearly destroyed the area, morphing the recent events of Westview in a way that would get a reaction from the man.And Hayward didn’t disappoint.His hands clenched around the leather bound cover, remembering the humiliation that had been delivered by Rambeau, Woo, and the four eyed, foul mouthed scientist they’d sequestered. He remembered the moment Rambeau had stopped the missile from impacting the redhead and her demon children, how Maximoff managed to manipulate his own soldiers into turning on him, how she had grown her destructive dome to encompass the disintegrating form of the Vision…But now…now he had the upper hand.Once the group had arrived, Hayward expertly led them to the hidden entrance of the mountain on the southernmost side. Using an incantation taught to him by the book, a portion of the mountain disappeared, revealing a steel iron door with a large curved handle on the outside.“How did he do that?” asked Schuler, trading surprised looks with Shaw.“This book holds a lot of history about the country,” Hayward replied, stepping up to the door and sliding it open, revealing a dark corridor. “This used to a secret laboratory, used by scientists that were studying the land and the people.”“Most scientists don’t need secret labs to do that,” Borden stated. “This kinda sounds like a duck blind, but for humans.”“Not all humans need to be aware of what’s happening, Aaron,” came the irritated response. “I’d like to remind you that our very jobs are to monitor space and other external weaponry to ensure the safety of our planet.”Properly chastised, Borden gulped before nodding in agreement. “Yes, sir,” he mumbled, following the rest of the group as they entered the cave.Hayward led them through a dark pathway until he entered into a small chamber, lined with steel and lit somehow with electricity. At the end was a steel elevator that opened as soon as Hayward approached. The director entered, allowing the others to follow before he pressed a button and the carriage began to lift; they only went about three floors before the doors opened and Hayward stepped out into a larger chamber.This wasn’t made from the strange steel they previously saw, instead made from the gravel and rock that was the mountain itself. The man only stopped when he hit the center of the room, his voice murmuring at a low tone before the ground he stood on began to change, creating a small crater.Hayward then took a breath before opening his mouth over the hole.What happened next should’ve been entirely impossible and in any other circumstance, the group would’ve played the entire thing off as a practical joke or some sort of illusion if they hadn’t seen it for themselves. When their director opened his mouth, flames…literal flames of fire emerged from his face, landing within the crater and creating a fire pit.Once the fire had been ignited, the walls also suddenly grew brighter, the appearance of several torches now aligning themselves against the dirt and lighting up the room.“Lirars, take Shaw, Schuler, and Borden out into the village. We’re going to need two, strong cages. I’ll handle the rest.”The four agents turned to one another, uneasy about this mission and the changes happening with their director. However, none of them said anything, instead they nodded and turned back to the elevator, stepping inside and making their way back downstairs.“Sir?” asked Monti, walking cautiously towards his boss. “What now?”“Now,” the director replied, smirking at the agent. “Now, I’ll invite our special guests. By sending out an official invitation.”  Hugo Monti didn’t understand magic.In fact, he thought the whole thing was a bunch of nonsense that people tried to use as an excuse for bad behavior, especially from those who were enhanced. Even the knowledge that there were individuals steeped into the supernatural were actually wannabe Satan and dark magic worshippers that couldn’t actually become real heroes.Monti believed in the hard cold facts of science. Granted, he was an agent that looked for extraterrestrials from space, however he had seen proof of that; the Centauri that had attacked New York had been something else, something people weren’t sure what to make of. Before that had been the arrival of the so-called Norse god Thor, which had only introduced his deceptive brother Loki.While the agent believed and had seen aliens, he had not and did not believe in magic.Whatever hocus pocus Maximoff had managed to do to Westview had a reasonable explanation and the things his boss was able to do…also…had a reasonable explanation. For all they knew, the book was a self-help book that was putting more confidence into Hayward, something the man needed after having spent time in prison and being bested by some red haired demon and her imaginary robotic sex machine.That was what the man kept telling himself and it was the best thing he needed to understand the strange things that were happening.So when something strange began to happen – excusing the whole flames coming from one’s mouth – Monti  kept a skeptical mind about it, even when wisps of air started to swirl around them. It reminded the agent of what happened with the actor, how his…essence was sucked out, how it swirled from the man’s body and into the book.It was a strange reversal then to see the opposite begin to happen, as Hayward began whatever strange incantation that was needed to release whatever invitation he spoke of earlier. The agent watched as light emerged from the book itself, seemingly spilling out onto the ground below and swirling around their feet as Hayward continued. The light then broke off into two separate junctions, each one circling across the dirt floor; what Monti would’ve passed off as a simple light show began to turn into something completely unreal, as the circles of light began to spin wildly, bits and pieces of gravel and rock flying outward.The agent could see something forming.Wait…not something.Someone.Two someones, to be precise.Government agents were trained in different points of biology, the need to understand a person’s vital hit points and organs paramount to ensuring effective captures and take-downs. Much was the same with the organization of S.W.O.R.D - they had been taught about the aliens they knew now and how to keep a look out for the ones that were coming.In many of those lectures, a three-dimensional model was brought in, showcasing the ins and outs of how an alien body worked, stripping back the flesh to view the underlying source of their movements.In that moment, Monti was reminded of all those classes, except this process was the reverse. As he continued to be a witness to his boss’ incredible powers, the light began to draw two small figures - first the outlines, then the internal organs, then the flesh, and finally settling on whatever style clothing two children would wear, a two toned shirt on one and a green jacket covering a white shirt on the other.Both beings wore jean pants and the ensemble concluded with two sets of sneakers.When the process was complete, both Monti and Hayward looked down on the prone figures of two little boys, both with dark hair and both sprawled out on the gravel floor. The latter smiled widely as he took in his handy work. “When the others return,” he said. “Move each of them into their cages and notify me when they wake up.”“Are…are they alive?” asked Monti, his eyes wide at the entire scene.Hayward threw the man a look before taking a few steps towards the first boy and kneeling down next to him, placing a finger against his neck. “He’s breathing,” he reported, standing back up and facing the man. “We need them alive in order to lure Maximoff and the Vision here.”Monti gazed at the man in surprise. “Why would they care if we have two unknown kids?”Hayward chuckled. “You don’t know, do you?” he asked, condescendingly. “These aren't just some unknown kids. These two are the children of Maximoff and the Vision, from inside the anomaly.”“What?” the agent gasped. “But…but how?”“That’s what we’re going to find out,” the former director stated. “But only after we’ve taken care of their so-called parents. That's what will lure them out of hiding and once we’re gotten rid of Maximoff and taken back our three billion dollar investment, we’ll see what makes these two tick. They shouldn’t even exist and yet, they do. And I want to know why and how we can use that to our advantage.”The agent seriously didn’t understand how two kids were going to help them in anything, then again, given that they were the supposed children of their nemesis, it made sense that something made these two special.Putting his senior agent in charge of the two, Hayward turned on his heel and headed back to the elevator, entering it and heading upwards to the fifth tier level. As with the lower level, this tier was also an open area, in fact, it was far larger than the previous floors would dictate.The book had revealed that the fifth floor was where his confrontation with the Scarlet Witch would take place; it had been laid out in extreme detail - the arrival of the witch and a showdown between her and Hayward, one that would leave him the ultimate victor.But in order to defeat the Scarlet Witch, the elder man needed to be stronger and he had only scratched the surface of what he could do.“Are you ready to claim the power you were destined for?” the book hissed.Hayward nodded, earnestly. “I’m ready.”
  “You’ve shown great potential, enough that you are clearly the one to take down the Scarlet Witch and prevent her treachery from unfolding. Your showing earlier was just a start of what will need to be done.”
“Tell me what I need to do,” Hayward said. “Teach me what I need to know.”Though inanimate, the book inwardly smiled. The seeds had been planted and the building blocks laid for what was going to occur. “Least there be no mistake,” the book stated. “What shall happen will transform you still, from the weak form of man to a power greater than the mightiest of beings and gods. Only you have the power to stop the Scarlet Witch and any reinforcements she may bring and only you can bring order to the chaos that she will deliver.“But one must not defeat chaos with order,” the book continued. “It must be disrupted and fought with its own destructive powers. From here on, you are no longer the man known as Tyler Hayward; that man, that being is gone from this world. Instead, you are the harbinger of truth and duty, a master of the discord and noise the witch is set to bring.
  “You are a master of the pandemonium that is to come.”
Hayward smiled, feeling the energy enveloping him, even as it filled the cavern and exploded up through the mountain passes. As the power grew, his attire changed, a bright red shirt covering his chest; a large crocked star adorned the fabric right above his stomach and was covered by a dark cloak that floated down to his knees.To top the ensemble, a golden mask appeared before him. It was a half-mask, something that only covered the top half of his face, leaving his mouth and chin free, and on the side were two long, spiral horns.Hayward reached out for the mask, his fingers touching the golden steel, and even more powerful energy poured into his body. It felt like he was being electrocuted, the surge so strong, the man couldn’t help but scream in pain has his insides seemed to shift and change until the storm within calmed and the soul of Tyler Hayward was converted to another, a soul that would take his place and take up the mantle the book needed to get its desired target.Master Pandemonium lived and he would have his revenge.  Time seemed to move quickly afterwards, Tyler Hayward fully embracing the teachings and magic of the Darkhold and becoming the being known as Master Pandemonium. Within thirty minutes of his transformation, his agents had returned with the requested metal prisons and the two boys were placed inside, one in each. He then told Monti to watch the two and to notify him when they awoke.As for the others, he knew his new appearance came as a shocked and confused surprise, but the quartet didn’t say anything to their former boss. He instructed them to make patrols around the mountain, as he knew they would be visited by the Scarlet Witch and the Vision at some point during the next few days. How he knew that, they others didn’t know and they didn’t question him either.So they patrolled, the four coming together and questioning what exactly they had signed up for.Finally…finally, the time had come – the two boys had awakened from their slumber, equally as defiant at their parents but contained where the master wanted them. He had only told Monti his plan, however there were several different ways he planned on using these two. First and foremost, both witch and robot would come once they realized their children were patiently awaiting rescue.Once the previous two had been captured, the boys would be shipped to another S.W.O.R.D headquarters, where they would be studied. The fact that they were the supposed products of a witch and a robot was extraordinary on its own, but additionally, the two seemingly had powers as well. How, was of course the question.How were these two produced while within the anomaly?How had they been able to survive outside of the anomaly?How did their powers work and where did they come from?The powers that had been granted to enhanced individuals were still unknown – while Stark’s abilities were easy to explain through technology and the super soldier serum was the cause of Captain America Steve Rogers, how the Hulk was able to exist inside the meek man of Bruce Banner was truly unknown.And then there was how Maximoff was able to get her powers. At this point, everyone was aware of her status as a former HYDRA agent and that she and her brother had acquired them while as members of the communist group. The revelation about the Infinity Stones and thus, the entire purpose of Thanos’ arrival, had only been hinted at or slightly mentioned.It had only been the shared access with the files coming from S.H.I.E.L.D that the agents of S.W.O.R.D and the government were even aware of the infinite powers of these otherworldly stones.Hayward had wanted to know as much about Maximoff as possible, especially after the Lagos incident and her status as a fugitive on the run. She was a danger to the public and it was clear that Stark and Rhodes were doing all they could to hide her and her fellow conspirators. As maddening as that was, the former director had gotten the upper hand and with that power, he was going to discover what made these individuals so destructive when given ungodly amounts of power.And his questions would soon be answered.It didn’t take long for the book to tell his owner that the Scarlet Witch was close, her proximity to the town and the mountain growing closer as the night began to dwindle into day. It also noted that she didn’t appear to be alone, that another who shared her magic accompanied her and Pandemonium knew immediately that The Vision would be in attendance.As the two got closer and closer to Transia, Pandemonium had Borden and Lirars stand guard over the two boys, while Monti, Shaw, and Schuler came with him to the upper tier, where they would wait for the arrival of the witch and the robot. The book reported that the witch Agatha Harkness had been in the area and her presence was finally detected outside the mountain.Schuler worried that the woman had told Maximoff and the Vision where they were, which was exactly what Pandemonium wanted. “The Harkness woman is no concern for us,” he replied. “Her only use is to get those two where they need to be. That’s why the book made sure to show her the alternate entrance on the opposite side of the mountain.”“How do we know she won’t accompany the two?” asked Shaw.“Because Harkness was once slave to the book,” Pandemonium explained. “The closer she is, the more it calls her, and the more of an influence it has over her. If she gets close enough, she would be no match for me or the book.”It didn’t escape either agents’ notice that Hayward could literally be describing himself at this point and Shaw couldn’t lie – she wished she could talk to Rodriguez to get her input, but the Latina’s phone just rang and went straight to voicemail whenever she called. At first, she thought it was because Lucy was still stung about leaving, but now she wondered if the former agent was alright.The same feelings of concern were growing when none of them had heard any updates coming from Borden or Lirars, despite the two being tasked to monitor the two children downstairs. That had been a troubling reveal, that the cages they had scoured for in the village were being used to house children and the look in Hayward’s eyes clearly stated that he had ill will towards them. Monti wasn’t any help either, stating that these two kids were evil themselves and that they held the answers to everything they were working for.It was obvious to Shaw, at least, that the two men had clearly lost their minds and that maybe this pursuit of justice was actually a literal witch hunt when it came to Maximoff and The Vision. Granted, the two were dangerous, but they had also helped in a lot of cases; the woman wasn’t against supers per se, but she did agree that they did tend to cause a lot of destruction whenever they were deployed somewhere.She had been a fierce advocate for the Sokovia Accords, demanding that heroes face the consequences of their actions and be government controlled, so they would minimize the damage they caused. Then Thanos came and there were no Avengers to truly stop him, at least not for five years; the accords had been the reason for the dismantling of the Avengers and when they had been needed, they hadn’t been there to answer the call.Unlike Hayward, who blamed the group for not being available when actually needed, Shaw actually blamed the accords. The theory had been sound, but in practice…often times the Vision and even Iron Man had gone off script and saved people or stopped events that Ross and other officials thought a complete waste of time and resources. Apparently, Shaw’s nephew being rounded up with a few other boys by a very bad group of men, was trivial. The group was well known in particular circles and police had tried - and failed - to get a hold on them. Vision and Stark had been able to not only locate the group, but save the many children the men had taken hostage. But that had been against the rules set by the accords, which stated the Avengers went where the government told  them  to go and a mission to rescue some lost kids was not as important as making sure an arms deal happened in Pakistan.Feeling quite uneasy about the lack of communication, Shaw asked, “Sir, there hasn’t been any reports from Borden or Lirars in the past hour. Do you think something’s up?”“Best guess is they’ve run into the likes of the witch and her robot,” came the reply. “The lack of communication is because the two are dead.”Both Schuler and Shaw were taken aback at the callousness of the statement; these agents had come, were hand picked to help on this mission and cause specifically, and now Hayward was about to throw them over to the wolves?What was the point of them coming here if he was just going to sacrifice them? Shaw tried to keep her face neutral, instead saying, “Perhaps one of us should go down there, sir. If what you say is true, then that means they have whatever they were coming to look for.”That seemed to shake Hayward from whatever daze he’d been in, as he turned to look at Shaw critically. “You may be right,” he said, nodding. “Go down there and make sure our assets are safe. Last thing we want is for those two to get loose; we’ll lose any advantage we have.”Shaw nodded, slowly, before sharing a look with Schuler. She immediately headed for the secret elevator to head down the lower floor, expecting to see Borden and Lirars standing around, bored, and waiting for something to happen. What she found, however, were both agents laid out on the ground, the latter coming around from whatever had attacked them.She only spared a glance to the empty cages, not liking the fact that there had been children kept there and suddenly being reminded of her nephew and the other kidnapped children. None of them knew where the two had come from and honestly, they had been too afraid to ask least they find themselves under Hayward’s wrath.Rushing to Lirars, Shaw began to help the man sit up, while shaking Borden’s leg to see if he would awaken as well. “Will?” she asked, grabbing Lirars’ shoulder and shaking him slightly. “Will, are you alright? Who did this?”Wilson Lirars shook his head to clear it, finally registering Shaw and a groaning Borden in the vicinity. “Um…” he began. “We were definitely attacked.”“By who?” asked Shaw. “Was it Maximoff and Vision?”“No,” groaned Borden, sitting up slowly. “It was two Avengers. One was definitely Barton cause he shot me, the other was the small dude that can shrink.”“The Avengers are here?” Shaw whispered, her voice wavering in panic. There had been discussions on whether the group would show themselves, but Hayward had brushed them off and Monti had surmised that the Avengers didn’t even exist anymore, so there would be nothing to worry about.Schuler, of all people, had tried to insist that War Machine was still active and there was a new Captain America, but Monti had countered that statement. “A replacement Stark and Captain America doesn’t make the Avengers,” the agent had told them. “There’s been no sighting of Banner or the supposed god, Romanoff is dead, Stark is dead, and Rogers is dead. The only serious threat is Barton and even then, he’s supposed to be on house arrest or at very best, retired. That stunt he pulled in New York only went unnoticed for so long.”  Obviously, both Hayward and Monti were wrong.“Listen guys,” Shaw began. “I don’t know what’s going on, but it’s nothing good. I know we’re supposed to be S.W.O.R.D agents, but our jobs are to monitor the skies, not fight off Avengers, witches, and androids. And I’m fairly sure kidnapping children wasn’t part of our job description either.”The other two agents couldn’t disagree with that, especially when they hadn’t even been aware that they were delivering the cages to hold a bunch of kids. That  wasn’t  in their standard contract and clearly they were stepping outside of what they normally would do.“I don’t know about you,” Borden replied, shaking his head. “But I’m done. I seriously thought Hayward had some insight into an upcoming alien attack or something or knew about that Avengers conspiracy…”“What conspir…” Shaw started, but was stopped by Lirars shaking his head, while Borden continued speaking.“But he said nothing about kidnapping kids. I do not feel right about that. And what the hell does he want with those kids anyway?”“I don’t know,” Shaw admitted. “But it’s really making me curious as to the actual story with Rodriguez.” When the two looked at her in confusion, she replied, “I’ve been texting and calling her for days, with no response. Not even a ‘Im okay’ or anything.”While the two weren’t frequently in contact with their former superior, they were aware that some of the female agents did speak to the lead agent, so if Shaw was saying there was no communication, there must be something wrong. “That’s…that’s to be expected though, right?” asked Borden. “I mean, most people don’t feel great about being fired.”“Was she, though?” countered Shaw. “We haven’t heard anything official, even if she just walked. And where are the others? Have you been able to contact anyone else?”Lirars and Borden looked at each other, both realizing the connotation of her words. Neither had contacted anyone since leaving the United States, but then again, no one had contacted them, something that was weird, seeing as they were friends with some of the other agents and were usually in regular contact.“Alright,” Borden said, standing and pulling the other two with him. “We’re out of here. I don’t know what Hayward thinks he’s doing, but we’re out. We’re leaving right now.”“What about Schuler?”Borden looked at his fellow agents. “You think he’s cool, Kel?” he asked, looking at Shaw.Shaw nodded. “If he isn’t, we’re about to find out.” Putting a finger to her ear, Shaw was able to tap in to the link for just Schuler. “Paulie, it’s Kelsey. I found Borden and Lirar, unconscious, and those two kids gone. Paul, they were attacked by the Avengers.” She let the announcement sink in, allowing the man to process before continuing. “I have no idea what Hayward is up to, but it’s not what he led us to believe. Aaron, Will, and I are leaving. If you want to leave too, then tell those two that you want to go check on me and get down here.”Schuler put a finger to his ear, turning to look at Monti and Hayward. “What’s up, Kelsey?” he asked, his face not betraying anything. “Kelsey?” Removing his finger, he said, “Sir, there’s something going on downstairs. Shaw was trying to report in, but she got interrupted. Want me to go down and follow up?”Pandemonium almost made a move until the book spoke to him. “Your followers are going to betray you  ,” the book hissed. Pandemonium turned to look at Monti.  “No,”  the book whispered.  “He is loyal. It’s the others.” Hayward looked to Monti, giving him a slight nod, which the man returned. Removing his gun, Schuler took that as his cue to head downstairs, though it looked as though he would have company. He wasn’t sure how they’d get away from Monti, but it was four against one and while the elder agent was formidable, surely he couldn’t…Schuler almost didn’t feel the bullet when it entered his back, causing him to stumble forward. He turned slightly to ask if something was happening, but the bullet entering his chest - his heart, to be specific - prevented any response. At least one that wasn’t his body hitting the ground.  After the proclamation from the witch, the couple had looked over the dirt ledge. looking up instead of down. Wanda could feel the pull of magic, the negative effects of the Darkhold drifting throughout the mountain. Their destination was up, that was for sure, and for some reason, Hayward wasn’t moving or trying to hide his presence from the group.“You know this could be a trap, right?” Rhodes asked, walking up behind the couple.“Oh, most definitely,” Vision replied, turning to the man and the rest of the team. “But we can’t leave here without that book.”“Or destroying the book,” Wanda added, looking at her husband. “We needed the book because of the boys, but we don’t need it anymore and quite frankly, it would be best to destroy it instead of letting it fall into someone else’s hands.”“What about giving it to Stephen?”“If we can’t destroy it, then fine,” she stated. “But if we destroy it, here and now…”Vision nodded, slowly.“So what’s the plan then?” Bucky inquired.“Hayward’s expecting us,” Vision replied. “So we won’t keep him waiting. However, I doubt that he’ll just surrender peacefully or at all.”The two began to float upwards, their powers of flight putting them in between the floored tiers. “And when exactly should we come in?” Sam asked, taking a step forward. He definitely didn’t like how single minded these two had gotten when it came to their safety and certainly not the way they were seemingly dead set on taking this guy down.“You’ll know it when you see it,” Wanda responded, cryptically, taking off skyward, Vision right behind her.That had been around ten minutes ago, Hayward patiently waiting for their arrival, dressed in new attire that neither the witch or synthezoid had seen before. “You looking for us?” asked Wanda."I was," the master replied, taking a step forward. His lapdog Monti stood at his right, in a parade rest formation, and arms relaxed in front of him. "And here you are." He nodded to them both. "Maximoff. Vision.""Tyler," Vision responded.Wanda took in his change of clothes and the mask he wore over his face. "I did notice you look different from the last time we saw you.""Did you get a haircut?" asked the synthezoid."I've taken on a new look, as it were," the costumed man said. "And a new moniker. The Tyler Hayward you knew is dead; I've been transformed into something, I'm a new being.""Funny you should say that," Vision smirked."I was more thinking about the fact that you aren't in jail," Wanda commented. "Seeing as that's where you should be right now."Hayward or whoever he was calling himself laughed. "That's rich coming from you," he chuckled. "Your ass should've stayed in the Raft where it belongs."Vision took a menacing step forward. "Watch what you say about my wife, Hayward."Monti also took a step forward, a hand on the gun that sat on his hip. "Maybe you should watch what you say," he growled."Delusional, the both of you," Pandemonium sneered. The relationship between the two was already disgusting and now they were trying to pass off their fake marriage in the real world. "But I wanted you both here today so I can stop you.""We don't want any trouble," Wanda began, holding both of her hands up. "But you do have something we need."Vision pointed to the book in the former director's hand. "That book.""Oh, I'm sure you would want this," the man chuckled. "Of course the Scarlet Witch and her electronic puppet would want the most powerful book in the world." Pointing the book at them, he continued with, "Did you know there's an entire section about you?""I'm well aware," Wanda retorted. "And it's just a story, though one I certainly don't intend enact.""Sure," Monti dug. "I bet that's what you told yourself after you left Westview or after your massacre of those people in Lagos."Both Wanda and Vision stiffened at the harsh reminders of the former's actions; both had been clear accidents, results of Wanda not being fully aware of her own powers, but it seemed no matter what good the woman would do, there would always be those black marks on her character.The red in the ledger, as Nat often remarked."We're done talking," the synthezoid hissed. "Give us that book, Hayward.""Or what?" Pandemonium challenged.The couple immediately sank into threatening positions. "We're going to take it from you," came Wanda's response.Once again, the man previously known as Tyler Hayward laughed before staring hard at the couple. "My name is Master Pandemonium," he declared. "And I dare you to try."The threat was ominous, but nothing that the two hadn't encountered before. But as they watched the former director pull up his shirt, revealing a rather large star shaped hole near his stomach, they had to admit that this was something unexpected. And that something was a torrent of black wind that withdrew from the sunken crater and began to swirl around them in a circle.However, the wind was only a literal smoke screen, as demonic beings began to appear as the wisp zipped around the two, more and more small, demonic figures gathering around them."Well, this is new," Vision mumbled, looking around them.Pandemonium smiled, devilishly.He'd done it; he had successfully captured both the Scarlet Witch and the Vision, in one instance and the book had helped him. So far, this mysterious book that had seemed to be a strange artifact in an old woman's house had turned into the best thing that had happened in recent months. Nothing was going to stop him for achieving his goal.He saw the silver spinning disc before anything else, watching as it cut through his first line of demonic attackers, slicing across their bodies and causing them to dissipate; the disc seemed to come to a halt, only because it was wrapped in a tether of red. Like a heroic boomerang, the witch was able to grab the disc and pull it back towards the circle, cutting through the bodies of the demons that stood around her.The disc, which Pandemonium finally saw was actually a colorful shield, only left the Scarlet Witch's grasp to land into the waiting hands of her husband, who took out his own surrounding demons, leaving only a small amount of underworld servants remaining.Figures began to appear in the cavern, causing a scowl to make its way on the face of the master. The new Captain America caught the incoming shield as it returned to his hand, his gaze pointed directly at the costumed male and his apparent bodyguard."Man, we're gonna need to have a talk about your career choices," came the quip.Pandemonium sneered at the group. "If you think this is going to stop me," he said. "You're wrong. And I'm not going to allow you to usher in the destruction of the world.""What is he talking about?" Bucky whispered to the couple."Mr. Hayward has grown increasingly delusional," Vision announced."The only delusions in this cavern are yours," replied the man. "And there's no way I'm going to let you leave." He once again lifted his shirt."Any of you."“Watch out!” Wanda yelled, throwing up a magical barrier, along with Sam’s own shield wings to block the onslaught of demons that were again swarming in the middle of the cavern. This time, there were two versions – ones that landed quickly to surround the team and others that now flew above them, screeching loudly.“Just so we’re clear,” Wanda replied. “This was not at all what we were expecting!”“Sam, you and I will try to get these out of the sky,” Rhodes declared. “The rest of you try to keep these buggies on a leash while Scarlet Vision tries to distract Hayward. He seems to hate y’all the most.”Despite the comment, everyone involved nodded to the thrown together plan. War Machine gave a nod to the witch, telling her silently to drop the shield when ready; Wanda looked around at the monsters surrounding them, finding an opening and dropping her barrier, before immediately throwing out several balls of magical energy towards a group that were coming right for her.Vision backed her up, a constant partner whenever the two had been put together during training exercises; even when they weren’t, the two managed to gravitate to each other, protecting the other from harm and danger. This protection was still on display, as the two traded blasts with both the land and airborne creatures Hayward had unleashed.He can’t keep his focus up, Vision noted, sending the message to his wife. He’s going to make a mistake.Wanda certainly agreed with that assessment, her green eyes going back and forth between Hayward and the creatures he had manifested. The former director was indeed battling on two fronts, revealing his new power of fire breath as he tried to knock Rhodes back from his approach.But Vision’s observation was true though, as his focus drifted to stopping the attacks coming from both Sam and Rhodes, as well as the incoming bullets from Bucky that were being traded with Monti. However, the book must’ve sensed the apparent attack because several demons began to converge on the couple, even with the added help of Scott and Hope, shrinking and growing as they tried to make their way towards Hayward.And then…time seemed to slow before it sped back up.It took a few moments for either Vision or Wanda to catch up on what was happening around them and when time came back to the present, the redhead turned to look at the new arrivals, especially when one of them yelled, “Wooo!”The couple turned to glare at the newcomers, especially the elder of the trio, who shrugged sheepishly. “Your kids are strangely good at convincing people to the do the right thing,” replied the archer.  
  Seventeen minutes earlier
Clint couldn’t help it.He felt horrible for what he was tasked to do.Since their reunion with their parents, the two boys – Tommy and Billy – had gone from relieved and happy to morose and depressed. Clint could tell the two weren’t happy at being sent away, even if it was for their own good; as a parent, he understood the reasoning. Wanda and Vision hadn’t seen their children in nearly a year, of course they weren’t excited about having them there, especially when there was a madman looking to get rid of the entire brood.And the archer had meant what he had said to their mother – Wanda and Vision were family and by that very virtue, their sons were part nephews/part grandsons, so of course he was going to lead them out to safety.He certainly wouldn’t focus on the fact that the two seemed even more cagey than their parents or the fact that there was a strange sensation that Clint thought he recognized, but couldn’t actually place.As he led the children through the mid-level tiers and down to the lower levels, he heard the conversation that was happening down the hall from them. He heard Wanda’s statement that this Hayward was aware that she and Vision were there, in the mountain caves, and the two were more than willing to meet with him. It didn’t cover if he was aware that the others were also there or how exactly he knew about the couple being present, but Clint had spent enough time around gods and super powered people that he didn’t question it.And while he wasn’t questioning this new development, he’d also forgot about the earpieces he had given the boys. So the information he heard, they heard as well.“Billy?”The confused statement caused him to turn and realize that he was a bit further ahead than he had meant to be, causing him to quickly jog back to where the two boys were now standing. The younger twin, Billy, had a distressed look on his face, his brother to his right and wondering what was wrong.“They’re gonna destroy the book?” he asked, softly.“What?”“You heard them,” Tommy replied. “And you know how the book is; it has to be destroyed.”“But all those people,” the younger boy whispered. “I mean, we were able to get out. What if they can too?”“Wait,” Clint asked. “Are you saying that there’s other people trapped in that book?”Both boys nodded, however it was Tommy that answered. “There’s like a bunch of people inside, but I think a lot of them have been there for a really long time.”“But not everyone,” his brother countered. “I think that Hayward guy put a lot of people into the book before we got out.” Looking at Clint hard, he said, “We have to go back. If they destroy that book, they’ll be killing people.”The man looked at the young boy, unwilling to tell him something that perhaps his parents hadn’t actually addressed with them. And wasn’t that what the Avengers stood for in the first place?The government thought otherwise, the layout of the accords putting the group in the hands of politicians who weren’t exactly worried about people who weren’t going to further their careers or military alliances. They had wanted the Avengers to do their bidding and move away from smaller acts of heroism; missing kids, earthquakes, disputes that were too low level for the earth’s mightiest heroes.“Clint?”He looked at the boys.“You’ll help us tell Mom and Dad not to destroy the book, right?”This was not the first time Clint Barton had been faced with a dilemma and it certainly wasn’t the first time that dilemma came from someone under the age of twenty.The dilemmas were always different – usually – and depending on the situation, he could make the right choices when it came down to it. In another life, he would’ve turned down Nick Fury’s offer to work for S.H.I.E.L.D, he would’ve turned down the missions that ended up pairing him with his wife…In another life, he would’ve taken the shot when told, taking out the notorious Black Widow Natasha Romanoff.A different life would’ve seen him become and stay as the Ronin, racking up bodies and more blood on his hands than a dismembered black knight. He would’ve gone on, never being in New York to see the Rogers musical and never meeting with the young Kate Bishop who he knew would take over his mantle one day, if that day hadn’t already come.In another life, he may have written off the Maximoff twins as destructive menaces.Instead, in this life, he nodded his agreement. “Alright,” he said, bending over so he could be at eye level with the two. “If you think there’s a chance that we can free some people, then we should go for it. I’m guessing your folks are above us, so we’ll need to get up there.”It was clear the boys hadn’t thought further than just getting to their parents and stopping their plans for destroying the book. Looking at each other and then back at the man, the eldest asked, “Do you know how to get up there?”Clint smiled at the two. “I think I got an idea.”Four minutes and one zipline later, Clint, Tommy, and Billy were gliding up the side of the carved out rock side before arriving at the fifth level tier and in the midst of an erupting scene of chaos. “Whoa!” the two boys exclaimed, watching as small dark beings seemed to be swarming around the chamber and in the middle of it all were their parents, the combined efforts of Captain America, War Machine, Ant-Man, Wasp, and the Winter Soldier seemingly not getting as much traction as hoped.“This…was not at all what I was expecting when I agreed to this,” Clint muttered, watching the scene in awe. “Maybe this is not the place for you kids to be.”Instead of either boy showing fear, both were grinning at the display, like this was the greatest thing they had ever seen; considering they were still boys, that might have actually been true.“Don’t worry, Clint,” Billy replied, taking a few steps forward, his arm outstretched.“We got this,” Tommy finished.He looked at his twin, as though waiting for some sort of signal. Clint watched in strange fascination, tilting his head slowly. Time itself seemed to slow, a blue tint glowing from the small creatures, as they slowed down their attacks. That seemed to be the signal the elder boy was waiting for, his small form buzzing from the stilled creatures before passing in front of his parents and yelling, “Woo!” as he came to a stop.The moment took place in a literal blink of an eye, with only Wanda and Vision seemingly the only ones who truly noted the event even happening, their gaze trained on the archer and the two boys that should be anywhere but where they are. The only actual sign that anything had happened was the fact that the beings that had surrounded them were literally halved down to size.Clint could do nothing but shrug sheepishly at the looks the couple were giving him. “Your kids are strangely good at convincing people to do the right thing.”“Dad!” Billy exclaimed, running over to his parents. “You can’t destroy the book!”“What?” Vision asked.“Billy,” Wanda began. “We needed the book because you and your brother were trapped inside, but that book is dangerous and it’s evil.”“I know,” the young boy huffed. “But there’s also people still trapped in there.”“William, those souls have been there for…for quite some time,” Vision tried to explain, but Tommy interrupted him.“No, Dad, there’s like new people inside! They were there when we were.”This new piece of information managed to halt the two adults for a moment. “Please, Dad,” Billy whispered. “We have to help them.”Vision was of two minds, quite literally; the manifestation of his one half had been more steadfast against the boys’ schemes or tricks that were designed to confuse a parent. That version of himself had been dead set against the boys having a dog at such a young age and had been far more suspicious about what his wife had been up to than the growing activities of the boys.The true body of Vision, the one that had been under the control of S.W.O.R.D didn’t actually have any interactions with children, his understanding of parenthood coming from the various sitcoms Wanda had begun introducing him to, entertainment that had been a staple in her childhood home.Just as Clint had faced a dilemma when talking to these two, so did Vision as he tried to decide which was the correct course in the moment, a moment that would slowly close as Hayward put out more of his minions.On one hand, Wanda was correct – the book of sins was as dangerous as it was evil and the experience that his sons would carry with them after being in the book was one of the reasons why he wanted to just destroy it. But if what Billy said was true, and it was hard to dismiss the notion when his sons had lived it, Hayward hadn’t just let the boys be the last to be taken in by the book.Sparing a glance to his wife, he saw the same thoughts and concerns etched on her face, as well as the answer they both had made. “Change of plans, gents,” he reported, his voice coming over the ear pieces. “We need that book undamaged.”“So we aren’t gonna destroy it?” asked Bucky, finding himself behind a small alcove that gave him cover as he shot at incoming creatures.“Not when there’s still people trapped in there,” Wanda responded, her eyes training themselves on the former director that stood ahead of them.“Okay,” Sam replied, flying high towards the rock ceiling and leading several winged magical creatures around, causing some of them to crash into the sides. “And how do we do that?”Both elder Maximoffs looked towards their children for the answer. Tommy, usually the twin that tended to be a lot more blunt than his brother, shrugged. “Take the book away from the crazy, psycho man?” he suggested.His brother shook his head in exasperation, before saying, “I have an idea. Sorry, it’s Billy. Maximoff. We need a distraction, something that’ll make that guy take his eyes away from us and the book.”"You got it, kid," James roared over their heads, joining Sam in leading these creatures into other obstacles or each other."Distraction is my middle name," Tommy replied, confidently."It's not," Vision corrected. "But I believe the two of us can cause enough of a disturbance, along with the others to give someone a chance to grab that book.""That little shrinky guy would be perfect," Tommy said."You mean me?" Scott asked, resizing himself right next to the boy. Hope joined him a second later, turning and punching an incoming creature as they stood."Whoa, there's two of you!" the boy cried. "That's brilliant!""Thanks," Hope said, smiling at the boy."Tommy," Billy started. "If you and Dad can get them close to that Hayward guy, they might be able to get the book without being seen.""Excellent suggestion, William," the synthezoid said, giving his youngest a proud smile. "And I'll try to keep Hayward's attention on me as much as possible." Glaring at the man from afar, he finished with, "He and I have some unfinished business."Wanda didn't like the sound of that, but she wasn't going to stop her husband from his quest; Vision was not the type of person to let his emotions get the better of him - recent situations notwithstanding - so she was fairly confident that his words would hold more bite than anything else.Scott and Hope nodded to the group, shrinking themselves back down and waiting for the word to go. "Try and keep up with me, Dad," the eldest boy quipped."I'll do my best not to leave you behind," came the retort."Boys," Wanda warned, throwing two separate energy balls out, both taking out incoming demons. "This is not a competition.""Of course not, darling."Billy stepped closer to his mother, mimicking her stance as best he could. While he and Tommy had taken on agents while in Westview, these were not agents and they definitely weren't human.
  I know you aren’t exactly ready for this.
Billy looked up at his mother, her voice clear as a bell in his head. He knew his mother had powers – she’d been using them since he’d known her – but this was the first time he’d ever heard her in his head; he and Tommy could speak telepathically, but he didn’t know his mother could as well.And this is the worst time to be training you, she continued. But you’ll be fine. I won’t let anything happen to you.Billy nodded. And I won’t let anything happen to you, he said, stopping an incoming demon and shoving him into a few creatures behind him. Wanda smirked at him.“Tommy?”“Just say the word, bro.”“I’m saying it now.”Despite this not being a contest, both Vision and Tommy started at the same time, Ant-Man and the Wasp hanging on to the young boy as they did. While Vision had the advantage of being older and having longer legs, Tommy was the faster of the two, zipping in between various creatures before they could lay a hand on him.The speed that the boy employed was a shock to everyone but his family, who had been aware of the boy's powers - both boys really - for a while, regardless how short that time was. For Tommy, the ability to go anywhere in the blink of an eye was totally cool; the most awesome thing ever besides maybe ice cream and cake. He hadn't even realized what he could do until Halloween, when the guy they thought was their uncle had shown him he could.Up until their confrontation with those FBI agents or whoever, Tommy hadn't ever used his powers in an actual battle. 'Battle' wasn't really the word to use when it came to describing Westview and it certainly wasn't the place one would think trouble would happen, but apparently his family was a magnet for weird things.The joke between their parents about ‘being unusual’ seemed to be true for the entire family.Tommy was making good time. The distance to Hayward wasn’t big, but the boy didn’t want to take any chances, not when there was a whole lotta magical creatures coming at him and the others; this didn’t even take into account the first agent he and Billy saw when they first woke up in those cages nor did it cover the imposing figure of the former government agent that now held the book.Actually…that book was being pointed at Tommy and…As though the wind had been knocked out of him, the boy flew backwards and hit the ground rather hard, tossing the small figures of Scott and Hope as he fell. In the short time he’d been using his powers, only two people had been able to actually stop him – Billy and their mother. The sudden stop was jarring enough, let alone the fact that someone other than his family had been able to do so.Shaking the cobwebs from the impact and getting to his elbows, Tommy looked up at the imposing shadow that now stood above him. He expected it to be his father or one of his parents’ friends, but instead it was the hulking presence of the military guy they had woken up to. The man was glaring at him, a small smile on his face, all while pointing a loaded gun at the child.“Time to fast track your way out, demon spawn,” Monti replied, finger beginning to squeeze the trigger. The boss said he needed the boys, but he hadn’t been that specific on whether they had to be alive or not; certainly, if they wanted to crack open the egg itself, the boys would need to be unconscious. Better they be unmoving then the opposite.Tommy’s eyes widen, the prospect of dying only entering his mind once – when he and Billy had been in the book – but there had always been some hope that their parents would find them, find a way to release them; if this guy shot him, then he would be dead. Like dead dead. It would almost be funny if it wasn’t so…sucky. He dies right as he’s finally reunited with his parents, finally freed from the weird prison of the book…The boy couldn’t help but close his eyes, his little body already tensing and awaiting the end.But the end never came.The flash of heat above his head was a surprise; he thought being shot would hurt more, though maybe being shot in the head caused heat? But, if he was shot, would he still be having this inner monologue?Taking a chance, Tommy opened his eyes.He was alive!He was still on the ground, but he was still alive. That military guy had apparently been thrown back away from him, landing on the same ground several yards away. “You okay, kid?”Tommy looked back, the upside figure of a machine hovering behind him. His first instinct was to again tense, until his memory reminded him that this…being…had been in the group that his parents had been surrounded by, so they must have been friends.He hoped so.The boy nodded slowly, before his brain caught up and realized that he had mini passengers with him before he fell. “Oh no!” he exclaimed, turning over and searching the ground. “Little shrinky guy and girl! I must’ve dropped them when I fell. What if someone stepped on them or something?”“Nah,” Scott replied, in his ear before appearing before the boy. Hope was flying behind him or rather, she was carrying the man as the two hovered in the air. “We managed to avoid hitting the floor, Hope's got wings and all. But that looked like it may have hurt.”“I’m alright,” the boy said, getting to his knees. Looking over, he saw his father fly right to the man behind all of this. “But psycho dude isn’t about to be." The others turned to watch the scene as well. "I’ve never seen Dad so mad before.”Indeed, Vision had seen the entire event and to say he wasn’t happy about it was an understatement. As much as the former director had put him through, somewhere in his body he wanted to believe that whatever issue Hayward had only extended to himself and Wanda; the thought that he was more than willing to murder children, especially his, was going a step too far.Far, too far.Flying, the synthezoid blasted any and all that stood between him and Hayward. He would speak to the man, at whatever cost.Hayward was equally interested in speaking with the synthezoid, if only to see how much control the Scarlet Witch held over him and how much of what S.W.O.R.D had programmed was still viable. “Enough, Hayward,” Vision growled. “You’re beaten.”“I would hardly say I was beaten,” Pandemonium chuckled, letting the book levitate next to him. Looking around at the destruction he caused, the demons that would be knocked down and yet replaced with more was starting to grow into numbers that could overwhelm the team the more they fought. Clint had run out of arrows long ago, while Bucky was on his last round of bullets, if he wasn’t out already.Vision glanced to the side – his wife and youngest son were holding their own, both shielding the other as they threw out burst of energy at their targets; while Wanda could handle more on her own, Vision could tell the two were starting to tire, Billy more than his mother due to not spending so much power in such a short time.“Maybe it’s you that’s beaten,” the master continued. To add insult to injury, he even pushed up his mask so his face was clear to his opponent. “All I need is for you to just hurry up and lose, so I take back what’s mine.”Vision glared harshly at the man. “You tried to take everything from me,” he snarled.“I only wished I had taken more,” spat the master. “You’re the most sophisticated weapon in this country, probably the entire world and you’re being wasted to play house.”The synthezoid narrowed his eyes. This wasn’t the first time he’d heard that phrase, that he and Wanda were wasting their potential and their powers by not using them for destructive purposes; Agatha had stated that as well, baffled by the underlying reasons for his wife to have done what she had.“And then,” the former director continued. “You have the very audacity to even begin to think that you could have the same rights and privileges as a human. You’re a machine, Vision. A very expensive machine that’s going to back to its original function – the weapon you were always meant to be, only in the hands of a government that knows how to utilize you.”Vision rose higher in the air. “Well,” he said. “If it’s a weapon you want, Tyler, then let’s see how well you did.”Despite all his words and feelings on the matter, Pandemonium wasn’t quite ready for the ferocity the synthezoid brought to the table, the being flying straight at him and nearly knocking the man back. Even with the super strength he held, Vision didn’t put it to good use, wanting to to have this physical altercation with a normal amount of force, and taking a swing at Hayward’s face, grazing the man as he ducked.If the man thought he’d be outmatched, he didn’t let it show, as he traded blow for blow with the technical man. So involved with their fight, they never noticed the hidden elevator open and another group of people rush out, quickly taking the fight to the creatures that still attacked the reformed Avengers.The monks of the Mystic Arts were a welcome sight, the Sorcerer Supreme following them out and making his presence known as he cleared out creatures running towards him.Punches thrown were met with angry grunts of exertion, at least on Pandemonium's part. Vision gave as good as he got and in any other circumstance, the master might have been impressed; he would've been more impressed if someone else had been on the receiving end of the synthezoid's rage.A punch to the gut and a strike against his check caused the former government leader to stumble back, giving the red faced being the upper hand, using the arc reactor on his forehead to blast Pandemonium against the hard, rocky wall of the cavern, knocking the wind out of him. His head bounced off the wall, causing him to see stars before he saw the synthezoid come right for him.Too stunned to move, Hayward found himself gripped by the neck, his airway cut off and depleting rapidly.For someone thought to be nothing more than a mere machine, Vision's emotions were running high. He had felt something like this before, recently as a matter of fact, when faced with Agatha again and learning that the Darkhold had been stolen from her own home.But this...this was full on  rage .Blinding and all encompassing.Even with his feelings on Secretary Ross, they didn't seem nearly as strong as the desire he currently had to  rip Hayward's head from his body.  And he could, too.His grip around the man's throat tightened and he felt himself grin maliciously, before pulling his other arm back. Separating his head from his body was too good for the former director; instead, Vision would just punch his smug face through his skull. Shifting his fist forward, he was disappointed in the knowledge that his arm wasn't moving.Growling slightly, he only needed to glance to his right to see Wanda standing there, the glowing red of her magic encasing his arm."Vizh," she said. "That's enough. Let him go."Wanda had been in this position before and afterwards, had sworn she would never do so again. Having to use her magic on Vision had left a sour taste in her mouth the first time she had done it and after what happened in Wakanda, the trauma from that would always leave her distraught and depressed.It was one thing when it was playful - a training exercise that often led to other things or the ability to 'help' him remove any clothing, but something like this…Even if it was for his own good.Vision lowered his arm, his body turned slightly to regard his wife. "I could just as easily crush his windpipe," he replied, tightening his grip. "Or break his neck.""Yes," his wife agreed, nodding with his assessment. She didn't necessarily want to set him off - not that he would do so - but she also didn't want her husband to regret this action later. "You could. But I know you won't.""P-p-p…" Hayward stuttered, his airways becoming more and more constricted. "Pl-please…"Vision whipped his head towards the man. "Are you begging?" he asked, incredulously. Then he chuckled in surprise. "Oh, that's quaint, that is very quaint. My wife mentioned that she had begged, too; had begged you to release me to her. To let me have the dignity deserved by someone who  died  to save you."He raised his density, his hand now becoming a literal vice as it squeezed even further. "Do you remember what you told her?" He spat, moving closer to the man. “You said that I was far too valuable to be buried in the dirt. Because it didn’t matter that you could see her suffering, that I had someone who  loved me  as a person. But you don’t see me as a person, do you, Tyler?”Vision’s hand tightened again.“Maybe we should see how  you  work,” he growled. “What kind of despicable evil runs through your veins. Shall we start with your heart, assuming you ever had one? Or maybe your brain? We can even make a list, compare it to everything you removed from me.”“Vision.”He loved his wife, he did, but the synthezoid wished she would just leave him alone. Some part of him knew this was his trauma working its way through his actions, building the rage, hurt, and disappointment he felt at learning and understanding what had happened to him. While he would always sympathize with Wanda’s own life of turmoil, he hadn’t exactly understood it; hadn’t understood the intense anger she often felt whenever Tony was in the building or the reasons behind refusing to sign the accords.Now however…Now, he thought he had some idea. If he just had to live through dying and then being murdered, that would be enough to fill several notebooks, but then having his body mutilated and turned into something against his will, against the very wishes he had been so careful to define in his will was something he had never thought would happen, was something he didn't think anyone would be capable of.But it was as he said - he wasn’t a person to these people.Wanda was perhaps one of the first people to see him as something that wasn’t a machine, something that was able to live and learn and grow. Eventually, the rest of the team had come to those same feelings, but even when they had erred against him, they were quick to apologize, quick to recognize their own bias.People like Hayward, however…people like Ross…He would never be anything but a thing to them, a weapon that needed to be controlled for their own needs and goals.“Vision,” Wanda tried again. “Don’t do this. This is exactly what he wants to do to you; he wants you to be the villain.” Glaring at the man in her husband’s grasp, she continued with, “He’s very good at that. But you can’t let him.”Looking into the man’s green eyes, Vision muttered, “Maybe I am a villain. A monster.” Turning his head to acknowledge his wife, he said, “I did once tell you that I wouldn’t know the difference.”“Except you do,” she reminded. “You do know the difference. Far better than he does.”Vision didn’t remove his eyes or his hand, but he also didn’t increase the pressure around Hayward’s neck. He didn’t release the man either, still holding him against the wall. Turning slightly to his left, he could feel the presence of the boys behind him; this was certainly not something he wanted his children to see or worse, learn. While ecstatic to see the boys again, Vision hadn’t truly been a father to the boys for quite some time and to be honest, he worried that maybe he wouldn’t be a good parent.And exposing his children to his act of murder wouldn't endure him to them.Vision hated Hayward, hated him for denying Wanda the opportunity to bury him, hated him for violating his body, hated him for removing all the parts that made him… him.But Hayward had also been a part of his resurrection.His goading of Wanda into trying to bring him back had worked, even if his wife hadn’t been aware of the process until much later. And certainly his harsh words before her trip to Westview had been part of the catalyst that had brought his conceptual self into existence.If that hadn’t happened…he wouldn’t be worried about being a parent at all.After several moments, Vision let go of Hayward, turning and walking towards the two boys that were standing and watching what move their father would make. He didn’t say a word as he gathered them in his arms, hugging them close; he felt Wanda join their circle shortly afterwards, an arm slung around his back and the other around their youngest’s shoulders.Pandemonium caught his breath, taking as many gulps of air as he could. The book was still close by and he could still feel the power that swirled in him; he had just been winded by Vision’s attack. He took deep breaths, his gaze locking on the cape of his prized weapon. He had done all of this work and he was not going to be bested.He was going to destroy the Scarlet Witch, retrieve the Vision, and discover what made their children tick.Once his lungs had stabilized, Pandemonium lunged up from the ground, fire roaring from his gut and upwards through his throat. The boys didn’t need to be alive and no where had he read that the witch could withstand fire; he already knew Vision wouldn’t melt, so the likelihood of damaging his property was nil. He was going to get what he wanted.He was going to win.He was…hitting the ground hard, pain erupting on the side of his face. Hayward spit out the dust and dirt he managed to inhale at his fall, his nose broken and blood spurting from it. Turning on his side, he could the quartet ready to take him on and a masked figure standing over him.“Why don’t you take a five, huh?” Hope replied, her fist still raised from striking him.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Chapter XVII
  
  Eastern Europe

  The Village of East Transia

  The Depths of Wundagore Mountain 

  Upper Cavern Level
 Stephen oversaw the ‘clean up’ of the dark creatures that had been summoned. This wasn’t exactly the first time he’d encountered such beings, but it was the first time he’d done so when the demons had been created by a human.Usually, demonic entities were summoned by, well, other demons so it was certainly a change of pace – a rather disturbing one – that these had been called forth by a human host. It wasn’t unheard of, it was just that Stephen had never encountered someone who had willingly given themselves over without immediately regretting the decision.Being possessed or allowing dark magic to take over the soul had been seeped in rumors, half truths, lies, and other miscellaneous nonsense since the beginning of time; it had been the very basis of the witch trials in Salem, where anything out of the ordinary was seen as being a slave to the devil.But to be fully embraced in the dark arts, one had to willingly open the door to it; in many cases, it was a misunderstanding of how the magic worked and being surprised by the consequences. That was the case of many a wayward adult who wanted revenge on someone, who wanted someone to fall in love with them, or the rebellious teenager who wanted to get back at their parents.Hilarity never ensued because hilarity was always replaced by horror.This…former director Hayward clearly didn’t care what the consequences were, as long as he got what he wanted. The arrogance of the man irked something in him, perhaps a look at what his own hubris would’ve led him once upon a time.Looking over the scene before him, the work of both the monks and the Avengers seemed to be taking things under control. Glancing to the side, the sorcerer made his way towards the two adults he knew and the two children that he didn’t.Seeing the bearded man walked towards them, Wanda happily turned over the Darkhold, holding it out before he had even reached her. “As promised,” she replied, sighing deeply when the Sorcerer Supreme took the book from her hand.“My deepest gratitude,” he said, bowing his head in her direction. “This will go back to Kamar-Taj under several locks and no keys.”“Wait.”The former surgeon looked at one of the boys, this one in a multicolored t-shirt. “You aren’t going to destroy it, are you?” the boy asked.“No,” Stephen said. “It’s going to go back to my order, where it’ll be kept away from someone who could get their hands on it.”“Before you do,” the boy continued. “There’s a spell or something like a spell…?” He turned and looked questioningly at Wanda.“You mean an incantation?”“Yeah!” Turning back to the supreme, he said, “Listen, Mister…uh…”“Strange,” Stephen supplied, a light grin on his face. “Doctor Strange.”“Oh, cool, well, listen Doctor Strange, there’s still people trapped in the book. I don’t know how many…”“There’s like a million people in there,” the other boy interrupted.“Maybe,” the first boy said. “But Dad was right; there are souls in there that were there long before we came, but there’s also people who came in after us. And…well…if we were able to get out, then…well…maybe they might be able to get out too.”Strange observed the young boy, along with his counterpart. From this description, the sorcerer had to make the obvious assessment that these must have been Wanda and Vision’s children and from their words, the only known souls that have been released from the book of sins. The knowledge of the book was still shrouded in secrecy due to the very nature of it, so to have not one, but two living survivors was a blessing.And apparently, there could be more survivors just out of reach.“I give you my word,” Stephen replied. “That if I or my order are able to release the people you say are in here, then they will be rescued.” Both boys breathed sighs of relief. “Do you know who any of them are?” The boys shook their heads. “But you are sure they came after your own trapping?”“Yes sir.”“I’m sure you’ll get more answers from Hayward,” Vision stated, throwing a look at the man as Bucky and James began to take the so-called Master Pandemonium and his stooge into custody. “He’s apparently learned far more from that book than we may know.”Strange nodded. “I’ll be sure to stop by and have a talk with him,” he said. “Once he gets settled wherever they plan to put him.”“Hopefully some place he can’t escape this time,” muttered Wanda.Another few minutes were spent ensuring that the monks had everything in hand, most of the group made their way out of the mountain caverns via the hidden elevator that was no longer a secret. The Maximoff family were the first to leave the mountain, stepping outside into the beginning fade of daylight, and were surprised to note the presence of several FBI and S.W.O.R.D agents surrounding the structure's base.There were two unmarked, black SUVs that had managed to make their way to the area, and there were three agents – most likely former agents, if the handcuffs were anything to go by – speaking to a combination of FBI and S.W.O.R.D members.The former agents – Kelsey Shaw, Aaron Borden, and William Lirars – had been equally surprised when making their own escape from the mountain, running into a conference of government agents, some they even knew from their time at sentient weapons. Borden and Lirars each had the same thought of making a run for it, but Shaw had been the first to surrender, holding her hands up and stating that they wouldn’t resist.The two male agents reluctantly followed their colleague, but soon the two were telling the same story, revealing everything they and former director Hayward had been involved in or at least what they were aware of. They told of how they had been personally selected by Hugo Monti for a special mission, how Hayward had been reading the strange book that had been found in Westview, and how they had left an encampment with nearly 30 agents and had returned to an eerily quiet containment area.Monica Rambeau, the now official director of sentient worlds, had come over to speak with the three, knowing them from the time as their colleague before the Snap and then being dismayed when they had decided to follow the director who seemed like they would do anything to get things done.And now they knew how right that was.Monica was glad to she had decided to lead this mission, even though she had the horrible task of telling the three about their dead colleagues that had been left in Lakehurst. From their reactions, the trio had no idea what had become of their fellow agents once they had left the encampment and the slow realization of their own actions made them more than willing to discuss everything that had happened after Westview, including Hayward’s escape from prison.The current director had taken this trip for several reasons – the disturbance Darcy had mentioned could have been magical in nature, but could have also been alien; the idea of being able to catch Hayward in the act and having others to back her up this time to show that the man didn’t care how his actions affected others; and of course, the strange call from…Doctor Strange.And it wasn’t a call as much as a portal opened in her office and a tall, bearded man in a long cloak walked through it, the woman once known as Agnes standing behind him.Listening to the story from her former agents, Monica couldn’t help but latch on to the part about Hayward requesting two cages and the three discovering that he planned on placing two children within. It was clear the agents weren’t aware of Wanda and Vision’s children – while they knew about Westview, they hadn’t been in the city – so of course they had no idea the significance of such a discovery.She wasn’t truly sure of the story until she saw the quartet themselves walk from the mountain. “Monica?” asked Wanda, however her question was overruled by the equal shouts from the boys. “Monica!”“Hey!” she called back, walking over to the group and was surprised to receive equal hugs from the boys. “Are you two okay?”Both nodded, happily, smiling at the woman they had only truly met once – though, technically she had been present for their birth – and who had saved their lives.“Monica, what’re you doing here?” asked Vision.“Your friend, Strange,” the captain replied. “And I think Agnes. Or…Agatha, I guess is her name. Anyway, she said she contacted him on your behalf and then thought it was probably a good idea to inform me as well. And then I went ahead and told Jimmy.”“Whoa…” Tommy breathed, looking at the other agents swarming around. “You know the FBI?”Monica chuckled. “It helps that we run in the same government circles,” she joked. Directing her statements to their parents, she murmured, “I figured if Hayward was here, Jimmy would be interested in talking to him, considering he’s implicated in the death of one man in Connecticut and the deaths of several agents in New Jersey.”The captain’s eyes went hard as the very man and his right hand man were escorted out by James and Bucky, the two barely protesting against the vibranium and metal that were wrapped around their arms. She continued to watch as the men were led past and towards the sleek jet that could be seen in the distance. The new Captain America walked behind them, before changing course to approach the group.“Doctor Strange said he and his guys would take care of any magical weirdness within the mountain,” he announced. Nodding to Monica, he held out his hand, and said, “You must be Director Rambeau.”“I don’t think I’ll ever get use to that,” she said, taking the offered hand and shaking it.“Leadership fits you,” Vision commented, smiling at the woman.Gesturing towards the two men being led away, she asked, “What’re you guys gonna do with them?”“I think it be a nice change of pace if we delivered Mr. Hayward to Secretary Ross, personally,” Sam said, a mischievous grin on his face.The director had met with the secretary just once and she had honestly not been a fan. In fact, she had felt like she had been talking to an advanced version of Hayward – someone who would willingly put the safety of others in jeopardy in order to prove a point. Ross had been a four star general, someone who had made tough calls and decisions, but sometimes it was easy to forgo basic decency when you felt it was always a competition of us versus them.“Could I come with?” she quipped. “Or at least see the pictures of his face when you present his prized pick as an escaped felon?”“I’ll video tape it myself,” retorted Vision, causing the adults to laugh and the two boys to just shrug at the joke.  Wanda and Vision spent a few more minutes with Monica, nodding to an authoritative Agent Woo before saying goodbye. Both Tommy and Billy made the woman promise to come visit them soon, which Monica was more than happy to oblige to, before the small family were making their way towards the Quinjet. Almost immediately, the twins were throwing out questions to their parents, the year separation apparently opening a lot of opportunities and adventures that the boys hadn’t been a part of.“Is that our jet?” asked Tommy.“No,” replied Vision.“Are we going to fly home in it?” Billy asked.“We are indeed,” answered Wanda.“Where’d you guys get a jet?”“Is that like a government jet?”“Do you guys work for the government now?”“Have you always worked for the government?”“We do not work for the government,” Vision insisted, doing his best to keep the harsh tone from his voice as he answered.“Hey Mini-moffs!” Scott called from the loading ramp, waiting for the family to come aboard. “Wanna tour of the jet?”“Yes!” the two shouted without thinking, before turning to both their parents.“Mom, can we get a tour of the jet?”“Dad, can we get a tour of the jet?!”It would certainly calm them down, Wanda thought, sending a look towards her husband.“Yes, you may have a tour of the Quinjet,” Vision began, the two boys taking that as permission to start running towards the loading ramp. “However! Mind Scott and touch nothing, understood?”“Yes, sir!”Whether Tommy or Billy heard their father’s warning was anyone’s guess as they were running up the plank excitedly to the equally eager Scott. “This may have been a bad decision,” Vision murmured, watching the trio happily rush their way through the aircraft, nearly running into Hope as she turned a corner. The couple managed to catch Clint’s eye, who must’ve sensed the familiar parental struggles and made to follow the three.The two met Rhodes as the ramp was rising to its regular place, both Sam and Bucky sitting in the cockpit and preparing for the flight home. “We got Hayward and his crony in a nice little area in the lower hold,” the colonel responded. “It’s a little cramped, but…”“Right,” Wanda huffed, making her way towards one of the side benches. “Because their comfort is far more important right now.”“Darling, be nice,” Vision chastised. “After all, they spent all this time standing around a dark, magical cave deep within a mountain. Who knows what sort of viruses or airborne illnesses they may have ingested?” To Rhodes, he asked, “What’s the temperature downstairs and can we make it colder? Unrelated, we may want to make some calls to our primary physicians.”Vision tiredly took a seat to his wife’s right, leaning back against the cool metal of the craft’s hull. Aside from the plane’s setup and the slight murmurings coming from the impromptu tour, the cabin itself was quiet. The synthezoid reached for the hand next to him, bringing it to his lips, and bestowing a kiss to its back. Blue eyes met green and no words needed to be said between them; all of their answers were there.They’d done it.What had seemed like an impossible task, something that should've broken them apart completely, had actually worked out in the end. They had defeated a terrifying enemy and retrieved their sons; they had found and returned the Darkhold to its rightful place among scholars and stewards who would make sure it would never fall into the hands of someone else.And if the Sorcerer Supreme was successful, they’d be able to save those souls who had been trapped by Hayward since his possession of the book.For everything the couple had done, the missteps they had taken to get here, it seemed like they had actually managed to deserve the title of Avenger. That achievement alone was something that would need to be discussed far later, between the family itself, though the couple were of the same mind that perhaps they leave their avenging days behind, fully and completely.This singular mission could easily be passed off as a one time gig, something that had needed to be done in order to save their children.Speaking of, it sounded as though the tour was winding down, the voices of the boys and Scott beginning to echo around the cabin. The couple were easy to spot, the twins seemingly even more excited than they had been before.“Mom, Dad!” Tommy exclaimed, rushing over to the pair. “Did you know this plane can like hide a motorcycle in it?”Vision nodded, a small smile coming to his face. “I did indeed,” he said. He noticed that his youngest was quick to sit himself on the other side of Wanda, leaning against her as a yawn escaped from his lips. “Have a seat, son.”“Dad, Clint said that some of the Quinjets can cloak into stealth mode,” the boy continued, following his father’s direction and planting himself in between his parents. “Are you sure you guys aren’t spies?”“I assure you, your mother and I are not spies.”“That would be so cool,” the boy resumed. “You’re perfectly set to be a spy, Dad.”“Oh?”“Yeah! Like you can blend into a crowd and you can phase through stuff…Dad, did you see me phase through those creepy crawlies?”“I did not.” The synthezoid was sure he would’ve remembered seeing that and it did almost hurt that he may have missed another aspect of his son’s powers. “Why don’t you tell me what happened?”“So when you fighting that Hayward dude,” Tommy said. “Me, Scott, and Hope were zipping around those creepy things so we could get the book and I ran into one and I totally went through him!”“Thomas, that is remarkable!”“Right!?” Tommy said, bouncing in place. He leaned back, almost taking the same position his brother had with Wanda, but it was clear he wasn’t going to be easily swayed to sleep as the other two had been. He had felt Billy kinda go into a power down mode – something he noticed whenever his brother fell asleep before he did – but he wasn’t so sure about Wanda.She was a mom, after all, and she always seemed to know stuff before it actually happened.“I didn’t even feel anything,” he went on. “But I think I was going too fast. Dad, when we get home, can I run around the block like I did at Halloween?”Vision put an arm around the boy. He and Wanda had yet to tell the two about their new home and their new city, something that would need to be addressed before they actually arrived in Leonia. “We’ll discuss it once we start back,” he said, diplomatically. “We have to make sure that Hayward is taken into custody.”“Are we gonna meet the president?”Vision chuckled. “Unfortunately, the president has no jurisdiction on apprehending criminals,” he responded. “But there will be a few military personnel there. In fact, it might be better for you and your brother to keep yourselves out of sight, given the…animosity there might be.”“What does that mean?” the boy asked. “Ani-mo…the word you said.”“It means that…these particular government officials are not fans of your mother and I. And the feeling is quite mutual.”“Well, if they’re like that Hayward dude, they probably suck anyways.”Vision let out a silent laugh. “Indeed.” Dropping a kiss in the boy’s hair, he asked, “Are you tired?”“No.”“Hmmm.”“Dad, how come the government doesn’t like you and Mom?”“There are a few reasons,” Vision began. “All of which we are not going to discuss right now.”“Aw. Will we ever discuss it?”“Yes, Thomas, we will. I promise, just not now.”“Okay.” A beat. The boy had closed his eyes and had leaned even deeper into his father’s side. “Dad?”“Yes?”“Can we have pizza for dinner?”“We can talk it over with your mother and brother, but I don’t see why not.”“Nice. Could we fly the jet to get pizza?”“No.”“Please? I’m super hungry and it feels like I haven’t eaten in like…forever!”His eldest was clearly being overdramatic, but strangely Vision found it hard to actually tell him no. “I’ll see what I can do,” he replied, instead.“You’re the best, Dad.”At least, Vision was pretty sure that’s what the boy said, as it was done around a wide yawn. “You’re sure you’re not at all tired?”“Not in the least,” came the sleepy murmur. “Dad, you think Doctor Strange will be able to get those people out of the book?”“If anyone can, son, it’s Stephen Strange.”“Cool. Billy’s really worried about them. And it kinda wouldn’t be fair that we got out and they didn’t. That’s not fair, huh, Dad?”“No, Tommy, it’s not,” the synthezoid whispered, giving his son a tight squeeze. “And while it was dangerous for you to do so, I am proud of you – both – for getting the help needed for others trapped in the book. I don’t know how successful he’ll be, but I have faith that Stephen can keep his word to you.”Tommy’s breathing had begun to even out, a sign that the boy had drifted off to sleep, so it was unclear how much of that he actually heard. It didn’t matter; Vision would repeat the sentiment over and over and over again just for the sheer fact that he actually could.Oh, he and Wanda would need to sit them both down and talk about disregarding the directions of their elders, especially their parents, but he’d be lying if he said he hadn’t been proud at the way they had handled themselves.“Dad?”“Hmmm?”“Can we get a cat?”He chuckled. “We’ll see.”The rest of the ten hour trip was relatively quick onboard. The pilots switched out with Clint and Rhodes, Bucky agreeing to take over for Hope, who had been more than happy to watch over Hayward and Monti while they were down in the cargo hold. Unlike past missions where there had been grumbling and complaining about who would watch a particular captive, this time there possibly too many volunteers.For their part, the two men weren’t saying anything, not even to each other and they both made a point to ignore anyone who came down to see them. Sam hadn’t been kidding when he told Rambeau they would delivering the two to Ross personally; Hayward had been the state secretary’s personal choice as Maria Rambeau’s replacement when the woman became sick, regardless of the fact that she and other agents had originally pegged her daughter.Ross had been so dismissive of members and the very team itself, the man was begging for his very own comeuppance.It was coming up mid-morning when the Quinjet finally came within New York airspace, Clint taking advantage of the ship’s cloaking function to land on the other side of the Bethesda Fountain, within the small lake there.The archer had chosen this location for a few reasons, which could’ve been far more sentimental than he may have wanted to admit; the first time he had worked with the Avengers, they had ended their first real mission by watching Thor take his wayward brother back to their mythical world right in the middle of the square.Happy Hogan had been waiting for them, or rather, he had been waiting for Wanda and Vision, handing over the keys to their car and barely reacting to the fact that they were now accompanied by two small children. He kept his greeting short, throwing a thumb over his shoulder to indicate the group of government officials who were clearly waiting for the group and their captives.“Happy, would you be kind enough to walk the boys to our car?” Wanda asked, her eyes locked on Ross and his team. She felt Vision’s presence behind her and knew even without their mental connection that his gaze was also on the group ahead.“What?” Tommy groaned, disappointed at missing whatever action was about to happen. Billy seemed equally annoyed, close to making his own argument, but Vision stopped any complaints.“Thomas, William, do not argue,” he said. “Now if you please, Happy will escort you to the car and will wait with you until we’re finished. This shouldn’t take long.”Happy gave them a look before glancing at Rhodes. “You’re sure?” he asked, quietly, turning to glance back at the agents.Rhodes patted him on the shoulder as he past. “We got it, Happy,” he said. “You take the kids to the car.”Secretary Thaddeus Ross was an imposing figure, even in his mid-seventies, and the coldness in his stare as the others approached him meant his stance on the Avengers and their allies hadn’t diminished in the least. His eyes narrowed further as Bucky and Rhodes presented the handcuffed Hayward and Monti before him. “We found something you apparently lost,” Sam quipped, watching as the two were handed over to a few of Ross’ men.“You should keep better tabs on your prisoners,” Vision replied, leveling a look at the former general.Ross huffed. “Unfortunately Vision,” he countered. “I didn’t have any Avengers to help track him down.”“Well, you kinda did though,” Hope interjected, smirking at the frown she received.“We done here?” Ross spat.“Not quite,” Wanda said. “You can’t put him in a regular prison again. Your favorite director has made himself rather…enhanced, magically speaking.”“He definitely needs to be in a…special prison,” Sam said.“Maybe one that’s been built for people with abilities,” Scott added.“If only there was a place like that,” Vision continued, a smile coming to his lips. “Oh wait. There is.”If looks could kill, Ross would’ve had a massacre on his hands from the way his face contorted with the comments. Sending a harsh glare towards Hayward, who didn’t even flinch at the brutality of it, Ross gave a reluctant nod.The reports from the junior Rambeau and her team were coming in, as well as initial reports from an Agent Woo at the FBI – three of Hayward’s own agents had given statements against him and his cohort and there seemed to be some truth in the fact that his top choice for S.W.O.R.D director had gone very very off the grid.“Be sure to give him the Maximoff Suite,” Wanda replied, sweetly. “I found it to be the highlight of my stay.”“If that’s all…”“One last thing, General,” Rhodes began, causing the secretary to roll his eyes in annoyance. “There was that little matter about citizenship. I think it’s past the point the Maximoffs be granted that, considering what they’ve had to give up.”Ross sputtered, incredulously. What they had to give up? Last he checked, the two should’ve been happy they weren’t accompanying Hayward to the Raft. He almost said that too, if the synthezoid hadn’t called him to the carpet.“Before you say what’s on your mind, Secretary Ross, I think you may want to review some of the…provisions that are outlined within the Sokovia Accords. Specifically those that discuss the appropriation of individuals or property without proper authorization, ie against one’s own wishes.”Vision’s eyes bore into Ross’. “If you need, sir, I’m more than happy to outline that section for you.”“I bet you would,” the secretary grumbled. Bristling with anger, Ross none the less said, “Citizenship granted. For the both of you. Try not to destroy this country in the same way you’ve managed to destroy others.”“That’s way out of line, Thaddeus,” Vision said. “But I’d be willing to look past it for a nice, simple apology.”“Well, good luck with that,” Ross retorted, turning and starting to head towards the street. “We’re done here.”The secretary led his men and their new prisoners back to the large government issued SUV that was parked a few feet ahead of the couple’s own car off of Terrace Dr. Hayward and Monti didn’t protest, though the latter maintained a dour expression the entire time.“What a right tosser,” Wanda said, frowning at the departure.“I hope you were joking about that apology, V,” Sam said. “You’d have a better time getting water from a rock.”“An appropriate metaphor.”“Mom! Are you guys done?”“Sorry lads,” Vision said, looking at the new captain. “As much as the wife and I would love to stay…”“We have two very bored and most likely very hungry boys to look after,” Wanda finished.The goodbyes were quick, the standard ‘don’t be a stranger’ and ‘stop by anytime’ were tossed around and for the first time, Wanda actually felt that was something she was more than willing to do. Clint made the clear request that the small family were to come up to the farm once they’d gotten settled, while Scott and Hope were adamant that they come and visit in San Francisco.The boys, who were far more excited than bored, waved goodbye to Happy and to the others, smiling when Sam threw out a “behave yourselves!” as their parents opened the car doors for them, the children hopping into the back and their parents taking the front, Wanda assuring Vision she was fine to drive. It would only be an hour at most, a perfect time to inform the two of where they lived now and why they wouldn’t be going back to their previous home.The Honda started up, heading down the so far quiet street of Terrace Dr. The morning joggers and bicyclists were starting to make their runs and a few tourists were also making their way through the city, heading towards the famous park and its attractions. “Can you boys see the lake off to the side?” the synthezoid asked. “To your right?”“Yeah!”“That’s The Lake,” he explained. “Or rather, I should say it’s Central Park Lake. What you see now used to actually be a large untamed swamp until it was excavated in 1857.”“Did it look like that?” Billy asked.“No,” Vision replied. “Actually, it used be to an ice-skating rink until the 1950’s. That’s when they closed the rink and the wildlife began to move back. Now you can come to the lake to watch birds.”“Just birds?” asked Tommy, clearly disappointed.“You can see swans and ducks,” Wanda said, looking at the boy through the rearview window. “Your father and I used to come here during the summer.”“Ah,” Vision recalled, chuckling. “Our great misadventure on the gondola.”“What’s a gon-dool-a, Dad?” asked Billy.“It’s a little like a rowboat,” his mother responded.“You can take boats out there?” Tommy questioned, now more interested in the lake.“Yes, you can.”“Dad, can we come back and take a boat out?” the boy asked.“Can we ride in a gon-dool-a, like you and Mom did?” asked Billy.The couple chuckled at the enthusiasm. “Sure, boys, it’ll be like a vacation,” Wanda said. Her tone turned slightly serious, giving both boys a look through the mirror. “Speaking of vacations, I hope you know that this – as in this last situation - is not at all what your father or I would classify as a family vacation.”“No,” Vision agreed.“Aw,” Tommy groaned.“How come?” Billy asked. “I mean, we saw new places, we met new people, and we had an experience that none of us are going to forget.”“Yeah!” the elder exclaimed. “That’s kinda like the definition of a vacation, right?”“You’re seemingly forgetting the whole getting sucked into and kept inside an ancient book of evil,” Vision retorted.“And the being captured by a man who entered into a literal pact with the devil because he hates us,” Wanda added.“Neither of us said it was a good vacation,” Billy quipped.Both parents conceded the boy’s point, with Vision stating, “Don’t worry, chaps. We’ll have an actual family vacation that doesn’t involve magic, books of evil, or creepy mountain caverns.”“Dad, you’re kinda making us want to have that kind of vacation,” their eldest teased.The Honda continued down 66th before Wanda made the right onto the Henry Hudson Parkway, Vision happily pointing out the Hudson River to their sons and other high point attractions as they went, answering the boys’ questions on the history and relevance of landmarks. If the couple thought the sights and sounds of New York would lull the children out of any questions related to their trip, they were mistaken.They were about to reach the loop that would put them on the George Washington Bridge and across the Hudson into New Jersey when Billy asked the question they had hoped to avoid, at least until they had reached home.“Are we gonna go back to Westview?”Both driver and passenger tensed at the question, frowning further when their eldest followed that question up with, “Can we go back to Westview?”Wanda glanced at Vision, almost a silent plead that he try to explain things. “No, lads,” he murmured, turning in his seat to look at the two in the back. “We aren’t going back to Westview.”“But you said we were going home,” Billy whispered.“We are,” Vision said. “We relocated, as it were, to a town over the way.”“Your father bought a nice house for us,” Wanda added. “We hope you like it.”That seemed to be enough for the moment, as the backseat quieted down, the boys more interested in looking out at the Hudson, the large river and the bridge itself taking up the excitement for the moment. That excitement grew way to hunger, as different restaurants begin to appear on the horizon, prompting even Wanda to consider stopping for a coffee.The only options available were the Starbucks or the McDonald’s, neither one exactly a great choice for a healthy meal, but it was already past breakfast and heading into lunch and neither parent thought it would be terrible to treat the boys to a Happy Meal after their ordeal.Vision took over after that, more than happy to let his wife and sons eat their mid-morning breakfasts as he drove. The boys weren’t sure what to expect as they ate their food - they weren’t going back to Westview, their father had stated that very clearly, but they weren’t sure the reasons why.Not exactly.Do you think we’re hiding out from the police or something? Tommy asked, glancing at his brother.I don’t think so, Billy replied. If we were, wouldn’t Monica and the FBI have arrested us at the mountain?
  Yeah. 

  What do you think our new house will be like?
Tommy shrugged.I hope it’s nice, Billy continued.
  I don’t think it’s possible for Dad to pick out something that isn’t nice.
Wanda tried to keep her smile hidden, hearing the boys’ mental conversation. She had been serious when she had told Bucky that she tried her best to never intrude on others mental thoughts or feelings like she had in the past, unfortunately it was hard to ignore when the area was so small and the only other telepath in the car wasn’t completely in control of his powers.Tommy and Billy perked up as their father made the turn in the new neighborhood, reminding the two of their old one, but there were some differences. For one, there were a lot more people out, walking, biking, or out in their yards; the level of activity was different, too. Some people were mowing the grass, kids were playing outside, adults or kids were washing their cars.The only time the two had seen such a flurry had been at Halloween, where it seemed as though the whole town had been outside, trick or treating, or putting up decorations. That had been a fun night, up until Billy had felt his father’s distress and nearly felt him die; the same night Tommy had realized he had powers and apparently, the same night their mother discovered their uncle wasn’t really their uncle.Billy, and Tommy for that matter, had so many questions – why couldn’t they go back to Westview, who was that Doctor Strange person, why did they have to meet with those government officials, how and why did Monica know the FBI, and most importantly, who were those people that came help?Those friends of their parents.Clint had said they were ‘avengers’, as though the boys understood what they meant; in fact, he seemed a little surprised when the two had looked at him in confusion. No, not complete surprise, more like disappointment, and the younger twin didn’t understand why.By the time their father had turned down Hillcrest Ave, the boys had seen rows of different houses, different cars, and different people, a strange sight for two people who had lived in a community that seemingly conformed to things being as close to similar as possible. Pulling into the driveway of 140 Hillcrest, the two boys tried scrambling towards the front of the car to see their new home.It was two stories, like their house in Westview, but the outside color was tan, with a dark gray for the overhangs and black side panels that sat on either side of the windows. There was green grass on the front yard and two large bushes near the front door, framing two rows of steps from the sidewalk up.“Is this our new house?” Tommy whispered, awe and a twinge of excitement in his voice.“This is it,” Wanda confirmed, grinning at the boys’ facial expressions.“Go on, lads,” Vision said, turning to look at his sons. “The door’s open.”The twins didn’t need to be told twice, both hopping out of the car and barely remembering to close the car door as they ran towards the front door of the house. Wanda had unlocked it before Vision had finished speaking, which the boys took quick advantage of, rushing through to begin exploring.“We should probably go in there,” she commented, her smile showing the possibility that she was quite content sitting and watching from the driveway.“Let’s give them a moment,” the synthezoid replied, matching his wife’s smile.By the time Vision and Wanda decided to walk through the front door, the twins were already upstairs, finding the room their parents had reserved for them. The twin beds were placed in the same spots they had been in their previous home, several sets of rolled posters sat by each bed, and a large toy chest sat near the bedroom door. Billy had already unrolled all of the posters by his bed, leaving his brother to jump up and down happily on his own.At least until he saw his parents in the doorway and he quickly pretended to be supervising his brother as to where to hang his posters. “Yeah, Billy, I think that is a good spot for that poster, now that I see it. Up here. On the bed. Better height.”“Sagni se,” Wanda chastised, chuckling. Tommy immediately hopped to the floor and made to grab his own posters.“Dad, can you help us put these up?” Billy asked, holding up one of his posters.Vision nodded, a growing smile on his face. “I’ll go get the hammer.”The rest of the afternoon was spent hanging up posters and pictures, playing with the small amount of toys that were in the chest, and making plans on building up the meager offerings. There were still so many questions that needed to be answered, from both the parents and the children; when that time would be, they didn’t know, but it would need to be soon.For now, the quartet just enjoyed the moment.They were together, again, and in the real world this time. The Maximoffs had somehow managed to go through the fire and were able to come out of it, slightly singed, but alive. It probably shouldn’t have been so surprising, but it was; after everything that had happened – life and death, always intertwining – they had made it.They had survived.And they would continue to do so. No matter the cost, no matter the risk.Whatever it took.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Epilogue
  
  Esopus, New York, US

  Ulster County, West of the Hudson River

  The Recommissioned New Avengers Facility

  
    Two weeks later
  
  In almost an exact recreation of previous weeks, Clint Burton walked into the new Avengers compound with a stack of pizzas in his arms.It was Sam’s idea, naturally, that they have a very quick follow up to the ‘unofficial’ mission they had just undertaken. What the new Captain America meant to say was that he wanted to make sure that everyone was okay after their ordeal, in not so many words of course. And to make good on that, the man offered to fly everyone in if they wanted, though only Clint took him up on the offer, not wanting to make the near nineteen hour drive from the farm up to Esopus.At any other time, the archer may have agreed to the drive, wanting to be alone with his thoughts and having the perfect area to think about what he was about to get into. This time, however, Clint just wanted to debrief, see everyone, and if possible, stop by and see Kate. After that, he was officially retired.For real this time.Scott and Hope, while wanting to be there in person, decided they were truly needed back in San Francisco, much to their friend Luis’ disappointment. Instead, the two had opted to using the video holo technology that had been developed by Stark Industries, with the full knowledge that Hope’s father wouldn’t need or have to know about it.The Maximoffs also turned down the offer, instead opting to just portal into the compound, seeing as Wanda was now familiar with the layout. They had deeply debated about taking the boys with them, however the two had managed to make a few new friends in their new neighborhood and talk of hanging out at their neighbor’s house was a perfect way for them to go without leaving the boys alone.It didn’t mean they hadn’t flipped and turned the choice over; after a year of looking, they had finally been reunited and two weeks later, they would have to leave, even if it was for a few hours. It had been a two week period of learning how to live in a house with four people again, something that didn’t seem as impossible as the family may have thought.They still hadn’t sat down to discuss what had happened and Wanda was almost certain that Billy at least had wanted to tell them something, but neither he nor his brother had come forth to say anything about it.So she let the matter rest and only with the boys’ excitement at hanging around other children did the couple agree to leave.  Not wanting to cause a scene, Wanda had waited until the boys were out of the house before creating a portal upon the second floor near the compound's kitchen. Luckily, the only person they managed to surprise was Clint, as he was coming through with food. “Want a quick ride back home?” Wanda asked, she and Vision falling in step with the man as he continued towards the common area.“That thing’s not gonna rewrite my DNA or anything, will it?”“Do you want it to?”“No.”“Well, okay then,” Wanda retorted. “It won’t.”“You’re the worst.”“You say that like you don’t love me.”“I’m questioning it.”With the exception of Scott and Hope, everyone else was gathered in the small common area, a debriefing between Maj. Burrows and Lt. Torres seemed to already be in progress. The holographic representations nodded to the newcomers before signing off and promising an update on any news that came from their own missions.“Anything we need to be worried about?” Vision asked, nodding to the others in greeting.“Nothing we didn’t know before,” Rhodes replied. “Thankfully, breaking up that auction did put a temporary stop to our missing tech winding up in other people’s hands.”“But we’re still missing items.”“Yeah,” the colonel replied, nodding sadly. “But we’ll just have to keep a look out for them.”“Any help you need, Rhodes,” Wanda stated. “Just ask.”The statement itself wasn’t surprising, it was the person it was coming from. Wanda was less of a fan than Ross was when it came to Tony, but the woman couldn’t deny that Stark’s actions usually came from a place of caring, rather than malice. And even if she wasn’t his biggest fan, his technology should not be in the hands of people who would use it to hurt others.“This isn’t a total debriefing,” Sam replied, taking the pizza boxes from Clint, watching as Bucky headed into the kitchen to get some plates and Rhodes began setting up the display for Scott and Hope. “Mostly, just tying up some loose ends if needed.”Those loose ends were basically the end results of their earlier missions.As Rhodes noted, breaking up the underground black market had put notice on sellers who had gotten their hands on Tony’s stuff; while Sonny Burch was still on the run, his face was now more known than it had been in San Francisco and was also known to the FBI.There were still items missing, many of them deadly, but at least more eyes were on the development. Not only were eyes on any Stark technology floating about, but also magical items; Agent Woo would be the first to admit that he was in no way in a position to detect magical or mystical objects, but that’s where Monica and S.W.O.R.D came in.S.W.O.R.D’s involvement was actually quite surprising, given their actions against the Maximoffs, however the couple assured everyone that the organization was in far better hands and shape with Monica involved. The director’s interest and concern with the large amount of magical items on the horizon was something shared by Doctor Strange, who appreciated the woman’s help in the matter and his word had apparently reached both Sam and Rhodes.That was how the conversation turned towards the future or rather, what the future of the Avengers would be.“Is there a future with the Avengers?” Wanda asked. It was a hard question, but one that needed to be asked and answered honestly. As far as the world was concerned, there was technically only one Avenger left – that of War Machine – and their recent adventure wasn’t something that would be broadcasted over the news.“The world needs the Avengers,” Scott protested, looking at the others. “I mean…what happens if we get invaded again or something?”“That’s what S.W.O.R.D is for,” Bucky piped up, taking a thoughtful bite of his pizza slice. “It’s in the name, isn’t it? Checking out worlds and observing them?”“The world is a crazy place right now,” sighed Sam. “Let’s be honest – the world got along without the Avengers for five years; a fact that Ross and his followers want to harp on until they’re blue in the face. You know as well as I do, if the government isn’t in control of the Avengers, then we are just one step away from being hunted down. Again.”“Sam…” Rhodes started, but was interrupted by Vision.“He has a point, James.” The synthezoid gave him a look.“As long as the Sokovia Accords are in place, regardless of any ratifications, that is all the secretary needs to keep us on as short of a leash as possible. We just fought a man who was willing to do anything, even sell his soul, in order to prove that the Avengers are no longer needed nor even wanted.”“Well, I wouldn’t say that.”The booming voice was easily recognizable, however it was still a shock to see the slim, imposing figure of Nick Fury, the former director of S.H.I.E.L.D and the mind behind the entire Avengers initiative. The news of Fury’s death had been rumored for a near decade, usually with word that he had been seen somewhere, but the reports could never be verified.Despite being aware that Fury was alive, Vision couldn’t help but ask, “Aren’t you supposed to be dead?”“Aren’t you?” came the retort, as the man came over and sat down in one of the nearby arm chairs. “You know, for a team that’s trying to figure out if they’re a team, you spend a lot of time together. I look around the room and I see a bunch of Avengers, being assembled and talking about recent missions.”“Loose ends, Nick,” Clint replied. “Not sure if you’ve heard, but the lot of us are retired. For real this time.”“Really?”“Yes, really.”“I might believe that of you, Barton,” Fury chuckled. “But I can’t say the same for the others.” Both Vision and Wanda went to speak up, but Fury overrode their protests. “Oh, I know all about your ‘retirement’; you have a funny way of celebrating. Most people don’t go about planning raids on government facilities or assist sorcerers in locating magical objects.”“I’d almost be surprised by your knowledge,” Wanda countered, a small smile on her face. “Most dead men aren’t so involved.”“What’re you doing here, Fury?” asked Rhodes, crossing his arms.The elder man sat back against the chair and surveyed the group. Maximoff had been correct in her statement – he had been enjoying his forced retirement, but always always kept an eye and an ear to the ground on events that went on around him and the rest of the world. When he came up with the idea for the Avengers, he wanted a group of enhanced individuals who could work together and help protect the world from otherworldly threats.Fury knew what he was getting into when he first approached Stark and Rogers about their involvement, he even knew the risks when getting Bruce Banner to join; but the idea was sound and up until the incident in Lagos, the team had worked fantastically.And then Lagos happened and Stark and Rogers couldn’t hold their own egos back.When the whole truth of the matter had come out – or rather, when Nick learned the whole truth – it was already too late. All it took was one person – on both sides – for the Avengers to break down as a toddler broke a cookie; two sets of Avengers working on different coasts, one government approved to do their bidding and one doing what they had been brought together to do.“Lang is right,” he began. “The world still needs the Avengers, especially now. Wilson said the world is different, and he’s right, but there are still threats coming from and to this world. People want to blame you for not being here when Thanos arrived, but they’re quick to remember that you also helped save the world from him as well.”He leaned forward in the chair, his elbows resting on his thighs as he looked at the team in turn.“I don’t have to tell you that the world is far from safe,” he murmured. “And I’m not just talking about Stark’s technology or magic items; I’ve been on my own retirement tour and I’m concerned that we haven’t seen the last of aliens coming to this planet.”“Whoa,” Scott breathed, very caught up in the former director’s words.“We’ve known that,” Rhodes said, his stance tightening slightly. “But Thanos was most likely the worst of it. Right?”“Was he?” asked Fury, looking up at the man.“Is he not?” questioned Vision.“I told the world council that we made it clear to every world that we weren’t going to be pushovers,” Fury said. “Some people would like to say that we are because Thanos was able to walk right on to Earth and murder half the population, present company included. I say Thanos was able to get away with what he did because the two previous leaders of the team couldn’t stop their piss contest.“Oh they got their act together, just in time,” he continued. “But it took five years to do it. Anyone want to get their jerks out, I’d do it now.”Everyone looked around at each other, before some of the male gazes landed on Wanda, the only woman in the room. “Oh, don’t mind me,” the woman said, waving her hand at the others. “I’ve seen worse.”“Director Fury,” Vision began. “Just so that I’m sure I take your meaning, are you suggesting that we reform the Avengers in order to prepare for…what exactly?”“That’s the question, isn’t it?” Fury fired back. “I like to be pragmatic; prepare for the worse and hope for the best. Most people call that paranoia, but I call it being prepared. And my preparation includes having the Avengers ready to fight if the call goes out.”Again, the group looked at each other, wondering who would be the first to agree to Fury’s terms. While both Tony Stark and Steve Rogers would always be remembered fondly by most, the one-eyed former agent and director wasn’t exactly lying about the circumstances that landed them in this particular situation; Tony’s fear and need to over-correct clashed wildly with Steve’s unwavering sense of loyalty.No one felt the weight of that more than Bucky, the very man that had been at the center of the Avengers blow out. Yes, Zemo’s actions had been discovered, as well as his motives, but he had made Bucky his fall guy. And honestly, at the end of the day, the stubbornness of the two leaders was what had put the pin in the coffin.At least for two years, then another five.And the group weren’t naïve enough to not see what Fury was asking of them. Both Rhodes and Sam were the proverbial heir apparents, the two men who were willing to step into the large shoes left by the previous two leaders; both men were well aware at how their actions were seen, especially given that they were two black men taking over for two white men in a country that still dealt with ongoing racism.If the two of them agreed to this, if the entire group agreed to this, it would need to be a completely different team than what four of the occupants had walked in to so many years ago. Fury wanted to know if this was to literally be the Avengers 2.0, with the same unstable and unwieldy roster that had either disappeared or died in the quest to reverse what Thanos had done.And Fury was right to put the question to the group.It was clear he knew more than he should, with his network of former colleagues and friends who knew where. Monica had already shared the man’s suspicions of the Maximoffs, having discovered their own antics weeks earlier and given the wide attention towards Sam and Bucky, you had to be under a rock to not know about their involvement in the Flag Smasher ring.Nick Fury wanted to know, then and there, if this team – if these returning Avengers – had what their predecessors did; could they manage with two black leaders, a reality warper, a dead synthezoid, a former thief, and a brainwashed assassin in recovery. If pressed, Nick was more than willing to admit he was a little dubious of the three members who were clearly suffering from various forms of PTSD and highly suspect of the two more powerful – and possibly volatile – couple on the couch next to him.“I’m ready,” Scott said, nodding. “I know it hasn’t been official or anything and I totally like hanging out with you guys whether I’m an Avenger or not, but…look, I promised my daughter that I was going to be the person she thought I was. Turns out, she thinks I make a pretty good hero cause I help people. So…yeah. Label or not, if you need me, Mr. Fury, Scott Lang is your man. And I might be able to talk Hope into helping, so…you can count on Ant-Man and the Wasp.”“Yeah…” Bucky replied, slowly. “I’d like to remember what it was like to help people instead of…yeah.” He looked up at Sam, who looked over at Rhodes.“While I would totally win a pissing contest against you,” he joked. “I’m not planning to start anything. This…this worked out really well.”Rhodes nodded. “We’re not as rusty as I’d thought we’d be,” he murmured. He looked at the Maximoffs and Clint. “We’d have to have a consensus, though. I won’t do this unless everyone’s in.”“You know I’m out,” Clint said. “If I tell Laura I’m going to retire one more time and then I don’t do it…”“That goes for us, too,” Wanda added. “I think our avenging days are far behind us.”“Actually…”Wanda’s head swiveled to look at her husband, who had a thoughtful look on his face. It took the synthezoid a moment to realize what his comment had sounded like, so he quickly corrected his error.“Oh no, darling,” he said. “You’re absolutely right, no more avenging, however…I was thinking about something else. Forgive me, director, if you’ve already thought about it, but…“The problem it seems is that there just aren’t enough Avengers to quite literally, go around. And in our case, what happens when one of us needs to take time off? Our original split did leave the door open for threats, not to mention that we had two separate teams working both in tandem and against each other. It was completely counterproductive.”“You got an idea, V?” asked Rhodes.“It seems to me…” the synthezoid trailed off. “What happens in the event that the Avengers, as the group we are now, is called away to handle an off world situation? Who would cover other situations here on Earth?”“That’s actually a good question,” Fury replied. “And I’m hoping you have a really good answer.”“Possibly,” Vision said. “Clint is officially retired, however there is Kate Bishop who is an incredible archer in her own right and she was instrumental in helping us against the underground auction a few days ago. However, I don’t believe Kate is quite ready to be an Avenger. Yet. But if she was able to work with a team of her own…”“Like a secondary team?” Clint asked, slowly catching on to what Vision was saying.“Sam, you mentioned a young man of your acquaintance that you thought was highly intelligent and had shown interest in wanting to help on a larger scale.”“You mean Eli?” the captain asked. “I mean, if we wanted another sassy black person in the mix, I guess that’s who’d we go with.”“He’s a good kid,” Bucky commented. “Yeah, a bit mouthy, but his heart’s in the right place and he’d do a lot of good if given the right chance.”“Two people?” asked Rhodes. “Pardon, two kids, I mean. That’s your idea?”“We can find more people,” Vision bristled. “The point is, we should have a reserve team just in case we – or rather, you – run into a problem and can’t be stretched thin.”“I could see that,” Fury said, nodding. “I like the idea, Vision. It’ll need some work, but yeah. It’s the basis of an idea. As for you all…”“West Coast Avengers, reunited!” Scott exclaimed, his jubilance echoing through his own home and the compound.“West coast?” Sam asked.“How are we the west coast Avengers when the compound is here in New York?” asked Rhodes.“That would technically make us the ‘east coast Avengers’,” Vision corrected.“Fine, fine,” Scott said, waving away any technicalities. “East Coast Avengers it is, but Hope and I get to have a dope mini HQ here. It’s only fair.”Wanda stood, shaking her head at the group. “This sounds like a far more in-depth conversation than we should probably be a part of,” she said.“It’s been a lovely evening, gents,” Vision added, standing along with her.“Aw, you guys leaving already?” whined Lang.“We told the boys we’d be gone for about two hours or less.”“How are Thomas and William?” Fury asked, looking up at the couple.“You’re such a good spy,” Wanda retorted. “You tell me.” The witch waved her left hand, opening a portal doorway leading into her kitchen before giving the director a hard stare.Fury wisely held up his hands. “Far be it for me to anger the most powerful couple on the planet.”“Good day, Director,” Vision replied, nodding at the man before following his wife through the doorway. Neither bothered to look back as it closed behind them.“I don’t know if Fury intrigues me or scares me,” Wanda muttered.“The correct answer, darling, I believe is both.”The woman nodded, letting out a long held sigh. “Not that I don’t enjoy catching up,” she said, heading towards the living room. “But that hour seemed far longer than it should’ve and the boys should be back by now. Hopefully they haven’t gotten into too much trouble…”The red head’s sentence trailed off as her living room and the scene within it came into view. She expected Tommy and Billy, both boys sitting on the couch and the TV playing some show in the background; what she didn’t expect was the astral projection of one Doctor Stephen Strange.“Are you allergic to doors, Stephen?”“Mom, Dad,” Billy replied, jumping from his perch to greet his parents. “Doctor Strange is here.”“Yes, son, we can see that,” Vision said.“How was RJ’s?” Wanda asked, looking down at Tommy, who was the first to catch her attention.“Awesome,” the eldest confirmed. “Mom, can we have burgers for lunch?”“You can have sandwiches,” she answered. “Which your father has so graciously volunteered to make for you.”“Ah,” Vision nodded. “Well, okay chums, let’s go see what we can make without destroying the kitchen.”The synthezoid began to led the two children back towards the kitchen where he had arrived, Billy asking “Which we should be avoiding, right?”“Boys, do not destroy the kitchen, please and thank you,” called Wanda, hoping her words reached at least one responsible person in the group. Turning to Stephen, she said, “I’m really hoping this is a social call. Which could have been done over the phone. Hence the phrase.”“Technically, yes,” the sorcerer replied. “To all of the above, except the whole phone thing cause, again, you and Wong won’t let me have your number. I won’t say I’m hurt, I’ll let my tears of pain do that for me.”“Right.”“Anyway,” Strange continued. “Remember a while back I told you I was thinking about getting a group of magic users together, maybe once a month or something?”Wanda racked her brain before she came up with the parting message the last time she and Vision at been at the Sanctum Sanctorum. It was after she, Agatha, and Stephen had gone through one of the Sanctum’s many strange rooms and discovered that magic was suddenly gone from the area. As they were leaving, Stephen had mentioned that he wanted to gather some of their fellow magic users, she assumed, to discover what they knew or what was happening in their neck of the woods.Nodding, she said, “Yeah?”Stephen smiled, widely. “What’re you doing next Tuesday?”
  