A long way from London, in a particularly forgotten village in the sparsely populated county of Shropshire, there was an old and half-crumbling stone house. The house had been grand by the standards of its day, but that day had been some seven hundred years before and it had never been particularly fortified. The second wing forming a corner around the yard had fallen to its foundations centuries ago, so the remains standing would have impressed very few.Its current occupants - its first in some time - had not chosen the house for its looks.A window was lit in the third and highest story, underneath the slanted roof, and on the other side of that window a woman sat at a desk. The woman was very fair - so fair she looked nearly ill - and had curling black hair that tumbled down the back of her chair. She wore only a very light nightdress which left her arms exposed, and on her upper arms were cuts, in an odd and artificial grid shape. Underneath the freshly closed cuts were older ones, and beneath those, scars faded to pink and silver, going back years, so that if you focused on her shoulders and back, the woman almost appeared to have scales. Below the grid pattern on her arms were bruises, and on the left side, a grinning skull with a snake for a tongue was branded into her forearm.The woman was not concerned with these injuries, old or new, except that every so often she would take her free hand, the left, and press it lightly to the freshest cuts, as though checking they were there. Then she would smile, slightly, nearly unconscious of it. On that hand she wore two signet rings with two shields: one bore a raven device, and one a design with two greyhounds. With her other, unadorned hand, she wrote with a plumed quill pen. At the moment she was writing the second page of a letter in delicately curling black ink. The first page, drying gently on the table, gave a date some two weeks into July.

...can’t have any more disasters like the last two or my lord will absolutely lose his mind and we cannot have that, difficult enough command situation as it is. I take responsibility for my sister’s moment of spectacular idiocy but, well, my lord was the one who refused to intervene in the situation with Lucius before I went to prison and he went to sit in a tree stump for a decade. (Which we can probably agree did no good for the mythological Ariel’s sanity and has not, excusing my blasphemy, done any good for his either. I recall Travers is in better shape in prison and fortunately so am I now.)

As for Ulrike’s daughter, Daphne is in love and that is probably the worst place a teenager can be for anybody in the vicinity. She may grow out of it. I have hope but no unreasonable optimism on that score. Depressing, but the fact of the matter is I have other godchildren and Ulrike’s got three more, including your nephew’s wife. Speaking of which, my congratulations on Carya's second pregnancy, but dear Merlin they are going at it a bit fast, aren’t they? She’s barely nineteen unless I am mixing up my years.

I agree it is past time to deal with your recalcitrant Head but we must make our plans carefully - you know better than I how paranoid the old woman is, not to mention Aunt Salma. Please do get me that analysis of the manor’s enchantments and any records you come across but Alecto, sweetheart, BE CAUTIOUS. I would rather take a longer time about it and have things go right, even if it means you’re slow getting those notes for me. In particular if my mother visits yours, take the utmost care; she is rather less wine-soaked these days.

In any case I’d better go - I have more urgent plans to finalize, will see you in a few days at the general meeting for marching orders.

Yr Cousin & Comrade,

The woman, Bella, wrote these words unhurriedly. But when she had finished the letter she cast a charm which dried the ink immediately, and a second which made the words glow and rearrange themselves, and sent it off at once with a large brown owl, despite the flashes of lightning in the distance. The weather was still quite dry, but that would change soon. The storm was coming.There was a bed in the room, cast in shadow away from the single candle lit on the window sill. Bella had not once glanced in the direction of the occupant as she wrote. But as she closed the bottle of ink shining blackly on the desk, she allowed herself a single furtive look, more a movement of the eyes than her head. Something in her face now suggested she had been extremely aware of the person in the bed the entire time she was writing, had been waiting with great but silent terror in case of their attention.Now, just after the letter was sent, a voice came from the bed, although her look could not possibly have been visible from behind. “Bella,” said a man in a cold voice. His eyes flickered open, and they were the eyes of a snake in an otherwise human, otherwise only handsomely apathetic face.  “To whom are you writing at this time of night?”Bella did not flinch. “Alecto Carrow, my lord,” she said. “Her mother has been visiting more often of late. Alecto thinks she may be trying to spy. I felt it best that she receive my orders late at night, when I am certain she will be in private.”“Plausible, Bella,” the man said. His voice was very calm, but something in the way he said the words, or held his face, suggested disdain, or skepticism. “Let us hope that your cousin Alecto proves more... reliable... than the rest of your family.”“Alecto has always served you, my lord,” said Bella. She had begun to rise from the chair, one hand on the edge of her desk, but now she went very still. “If you have questions for her - or wish to look into her mind - I am certain you have only to summon her.”There was a long silence. Thunder boomed outside.Finally, the man said, “So we shall hope,” and Bella relaxed a fraction and straightened the rest of the way. She went to sit down on the edge of the bed, then took off her shoes and set her wand aside.“Such assurance, Bella,” said the man, although his heart was not in it.“You are risen,” said the woman. There was a light in her voice, but not in her face, which was aimed still into the shadowy wall. “Our victory is assured, whatever... delays... may occur. And in any case we will soon have a major advance in our plans, one which my family is not involved in and cannot interfere with... assuming nothing drastic has changed in the twenty-four hours since I received a report from MLE, anyway.”“You will ensure it,” the man said, and sat up. He touched one of the cuts on her shoulder from behind with long, pale fingers, and Bella shivered, tilting her head back. Her hair piled around her on the bed. The cut broke open, beads of blood forming, and the man leaned down to kiss her shoulder.“Yes, my lord,” said Bella, and closed her eyes. An instant later, the man's hand convulsed on her shoulder, and Bella froze before he collapsed backward onto the bed.Bella opened her eyes but stayed stock still for a moment, like a trapped prey animal afraid to move. Then, slowly, she leaned over. "My lord?" she said.There was no reply. The man was limp, like a puppet with its strings cut, or like a corpse, although he breathed."My lord," Bella said again, stronger, biting her lip and breathing heavily through her nose. She turned back to take up her wand, and her face when she looked away from the man was strange, frightened one moment and almost hopeful the next. She turned back and, very gently, took up the man's hand and checked the pulse. An expression that might have been anything - relief, confusion, dismay - flickered across her eyes and mouth when she found it steady.Just then, however, he began to stir. "Bellatrix?" he said, his voice high and cold and perhaps even frightened."Some magic..." Bella said, reaching for him, but he said coldly, "I do not require assistance," and she let her hand drop.Bella went to the window over the desk again to look out, but in the night all was still except for the first drops of rain.

Far to the southwest of Britain, there was a house that had once been built in the local traditional style, but had since been refurbished many times. In the right, there was a section that had served many centuries ago as a stable. The animals had been moved eventually outside, to the newly erected barn. The old barn on the lower story had been partitioned into a private sitting room and bedroom, and the hayloft into sleeping cubicles for the less privileged residents. But even the apartments had been shut up and silent for many years.In the third week of July, someone new came to stay in the apartments that had once been a stable. She cleaned them, and rearranged them, and brought in clothing and and food. She was a young woman, in her thirties or so, with a thick and perpetually unraveling braid of black hair, olive brown skin, and eyes of a pale and indeterminate blue-gray color.At the moment, she was bent over the little brazier that allowed her to cook in the apartment without having to go to the immense hearth in the main hall. She placed a kettle on the cook top and, using her wand, rearranged the coals without having to touch them, and then she went and opened the wooden cupboard set into the wall. "I do hope they don't expect coffee," the woman muttered, anxiously staring into the cupboard.Then she straightened, and measured out a scoop of tea into a chipped teapot. She had been wearing only a charcoal gray skirt and a plain shirt of undyed linen, but now she took up a green robe hanging in the wardrobe and shrugged it on. The robe was much newer than the skirt and the shirt, made of a fantastically vivid green, with a handspan of gold embroidery splayed on either side of the central opening and around the hem. The woman fastened the robe at the throat, and she sat down to await her guests.The guests, when they arrived, were a woman rather older than the first and a teenage boy. The woman had hair like beaten gold, and deep blue eyes, and the skirts of her robe were so thickly embroidered they were stiff. The boy had the same messy black hair as the first woman, though it was much shorter, his skin was pale and his eyes were a vivid green. He had a lightning bolt-shaped scar on his forehead, and the rangy look of a teenage boy who had done rather a lot of growing recently and hadn't entirely caught up with it. He fidgeted with his cuffs on his way in, then rapidly put his hands to his sides as though he had been warned about this. They skirted the great and now unlit hearth in the center of the hall, and went to the apartments, where the first woman waited."Cousin Dillena?" said the boy."Yes," said Dillena, rising from her seat. "Ms. Black," she said to the woman with a polite nod, and to the boy, "Harry." She took Harry's hands in hers and bowed. "I am so glad to finally meet you."

Later that week, a crowd of people emerged from bonfires in the farmyard. The bonfires glowed a brilliant green, and there were three of them, large enough that two or three could appear in each simultaneously without discomfort and stride out onto the packed earth. Buildings surrounded the yard on three sides, and the third was open to rolling fields, but only the original building was taller than about a single story.This building was the courthouse, previously the hall in which the Potter family had lived generations ago before decamping to a townhouse in Exeter. It was exactly two stories high, and most of the building was taken up by a single long room that filled those two stories. Then there was the former stable converted into private apartments on the side. There was also a short annex built onto the back of the hall with a few offices for administration of the estate lands.In the hall, presently, chairs had been assembled in a semicircle in three tiers erected with magic. The people filtering through the bonfires outside, and out of a fourth fire set in the hearth in the hall, were slowly assembling in the hall and filling these chairs. At the bottom was a table, and at that table sat two people: Dillena and Harry, again.Each of them wore robes, Dillena in a dark, serviceable gray color, Harry in navy. Dillena also had a circular cloak of bright scarlet fastened at her throat and tossed back over her shoulders. This scarlet was the same color as the banners that hung over the table and on the walls of the hall, and outside in the yard. On the banners was a black boar device.“All right, Harry?” said the Dillena.Harry looked up from where he had been studying his hands intently. He gave her a somewhat queasy smile. For a moment he seemed about to speak. Then a man approached the table and gave a short, awkward bow. “Lady Dillena,” he said, heartily, although his eyes flicked to Harry. “It’s good to see you here... Wanted to say...”A smile flickered on Dillena’s face. The scarlet cloak she wore was embroidered with gold, but her hair was barely staying contained, and under the hem of the long gray robes, she wore boots that were cracked and mud-stained. She had no jewelry except for small golden post earrings. She did not look like anybody’s idea of a lady.“It’s good to see you, as well, Mr. Damerell,” Dillena said. “I’m glad I can assist Harry by taking the post for the last year until he’s of age.”A woman joined the conversation to say, “Well, I won’t lie, after that Ministry dog anybody would have been cheered, but we’re especially happy it was you... Good to see a Potter back behind the boar banner again...”Murmurs of agreement rose from several others, although not everybody in the hall was happy. It was a crowd large enough for a large variety of opinions. Dillena thanked them and asked them to sit down. The tide of people flowing into the room was slowing, and very soon the large doors to the yard were heaved shut with magic, and Dillena stood and tapped her wand to her throat. There were in the end perhaps fifty adults arrayed in the chairs, besides Dillena and Harry.“I am very happy to see you all here,” Dillena said. “I am happy to be here myself. We have had an especially difficult time, these past twenty years, and I am very much afraid things are about to get worse, rather than better.” She paused. Harry looked around at the crowd, which shifted and murmured. Then Dillena went on, “You all know by now that Lord Voldemort has returned. He met his defeat for fifteen years at the hands of my late cousin’s wife - your deceased Lady Lily Evans Potter, may God grant her peace and her bones with family lie...”Here she was forced to pause again; some of the occupants of the hall cheered Lily Evans, while others let out cries, or murmured, in a sea of confused noise, “May her bones remain with family” and “May her tomb not be forgotten.” Harry looked faintly disconcerted, but Dillena shifted her foot under her skirts to nudge his, and he bowed his head, belatedly, at this tribute.Dillena waited until the hall had gone quiet. Then she said, “These lands have often known neglect in recent years. I am as guilty as anyone else in my family. And for fifteen years they have also known rampant abuse at the hands of the Ministry appointee Oswine Mockridge. I will not placate you with empty words on that score. We all know that he was Cornelius Fudge’s brother-in-law, that he has driven your brothers and sons and cousins from your families’ lands with his policies, and that we will never figure out where all of the money went. The best I can tell you is that our new Minister, Amelia Bones, has had him jailed and he is currently being investigated for fraud--”She was forced to stop for another round of cheering here, and not a few furious cries of “Blood!” “Grind the interloper’s bones to dust!” Harry looked disconcerted again.Dillena went on at last, “I will not presume to command you now. I will ask for your cooperation. I will ask for you to extend your trust, much-abused and lamented, once more to the family and to each other. You are the finest House, though you have dwindled in number, and though many of your fields and homes lie empty and your tombs go untended.” She drew out this line, and the people in the hall shifted once more.“But though we are few, we are mighty,” she said, quietly. “The Potters are the bravest house, the most valiant. This is not the first time the family Potter has nearly been extinct, nor the first time its lands have been half-emptied by enemy schemes, and we have always survived before, though many have given their lives for it. If we shall go into the night, we shall go together and we shall go covered in glory...“But I do not think we shall go just yet. Two months ago, the last to bear my family’s name, the lord and heir of this House Harry Potter was kidnapped by Lord Voldemort, who killed his parents and was vanquished for a time at the hands of Lady Lily Potter. He was wounded and his blood perverted in a ritual to resurrect the Dark Lord, but by dint of his courage and his magic and that of his godfather and ally the House of Black, he escaped! He returns to stand before you, once more braving and emerging from the halls of death.” Dillena nearly shouted this last sentence. She had to in order to make herself understood over the cheering. “Will you match him? Will you come forward and fight at his side, and mine?”The cries that came now were unmistakably positive. Dillena waited until the least “Yea!” and “The boar!” had gone out, before she finished, “We gather to mend the mistakes made these fifteen years, to give compensation and confirm the current households. We gather to form a new pact of governance, so that the House will never again go without administration in the absence of its lord. But we also gather for war. We must, for our enemies are on the horizon. I ask you, as the free house-holders of my family’s land, to approve this muster - and to send us your sons and your daughters too who are of age to fight, and to come yourselves if you are able. I ask you to fight for the House of Potter, but also with the House of Potter, and with the Ministry of Magic, for we have been asked to send arms to supplement the Ministry's forces. Together we will stand against the Dark Lord. In pieces we can only and must fall. Thank you, House Potter; we will vote on the muster now."

Harry Potter had lived at Number Twelve Grimmauld Place since coming home from school after his O.W.L. year, along with a very large number of others. Grimmauld Place had seemed of nearly infinite size every time Harry had visited before, with corridors and stairs and rooms that went on for ages, new doors appearing where no door had been and wings bending off into space that should not have existed. With the new phase of the war, however, and the obvious fact that Sirius's house, which the Blacks had expected to be secure, had been breached, it had become obvious what all of this space was actually for: people.People were packed into every guest room, every parlor and every bed. People ran up and down the stairs, piled into the sofas, and got into arguments about who had stolen whose mathematics textbook or spare cloak. People shouted at each other at two in the morning or got caught kissing in the landings.Sirius's ancestors had enchanted Number Twelve Grimmauld Place with every protective charm, ritual and ward known to mankind, up to to Sirius's father's modifications during the second World War. Aunt Cassiopeia and Aunt Druella had checked and where possible improved upon these measures this year. As a result, the house was, according to the adults, probably the most secure fortified residence in magical Britain, and it was - apparently - a duty of the Black family to their dependents to allow anyone who needed it a place of refuge. Many of the people who had moved in were members of the family itself, who were definitely targets already. Most of them were not happy about moving houses. Aunt Cassiopeia and Aunt Margaret, however, had merely been resigned. "Cassie enchanted the rose garden to take care of itself for a few years," said Margaret, "And anyway I'll get some interesting material for writing." Aunt Cassie was more upset than her wife, but she did a better job of hiding it than many of the other new residents. Harry had noticed because he had been spending a lot of time with Aunt Cassie for the first two weeks of break, while she finalized the process for removing Voldemort's Horcrux from him. He had helped her set up her temporary laboratory in Grimmauld Place, and received explanations, many too complicated to follow, on everything from Potions techniques to why soul magic was banned in Britain.She had also attempted, haltingly, to explain - and apologize for - not telling him about the Horcrux immediately. "When we met, you understand, I had no idea if Sirius already knew, or Albus Dumbledore, or anyone else, and you know by now that I was terrified of the Black Head as a concept," she had said, eyes firmly on the potion she was brewing. "I wanted to have a solution to offer Sirius before I brought it up, in case his reaction was to suggest killing you immediately. But Dru guessed when I used you to find the other Horcruxes over Easter, and we had quite a row over it when she brought it up after you had gone back to school. Then we didn't want to write in case it was intercepted, so we agreed to tell you when you got home...""Dumbledore," said Harry, staring away from Aunt Cassie himself and inspecting, instead, the rows of dried herbs hanging from an ingredient rack, "Suggested that the family knew and was... hiding it from me.""Albus Dumbledore," said Aunt Cassiopeia tiredly, "Has never encountered a problem he can't bugger up completely trying to manipulate his way through. No, he is a great man, I respect him for abolishing corporal punishment at Hogwarts alone, but when it comes to politics he's deeply self-serving and he hates trusting people when he can either emotionally blackmail them or simply command them instead. Given what I've heard about his family and his taste in men, I suppose he doesn't notice it--""His what?" said Harry."Oh, yes, he's gay. That's how I know him, actually, he's a generation or so older but the gay scene in magical Britain is small. He's been involved with one man as far as I know, and that man  happened to turn out to be a megalomaniac and try to take over Europe--"Harry choked."--which Dumbledore responded to by deciding homosexual love was inherently sinful and apparently swearing a vow of chastity or something - this is mere speculation, but I know he never took another lover that anyone knew of." Aunt Cassie shook her head and reached for a stirring rod. "To be truthful, Harry, I think he is a miserable man haunted by guilt for others' sins, and he would do better to release himself from the mistakes of his youth, but I do see why he can't. But you shouldn't take his advice on personal problems, and you should always expect there to be a hidden angle in what he tells you.""So he was trying to get me to distrust you, you mean," said Harry."Yes, and our collective stupidity - including my own distrust of Sirius - handed him a golden opportunity. Hand me the small mortar and pestle, please."So Harry had felt better, slowly, about Aunt Cassie, and Aunt Druella, and - to his vast relief - Sirius.Aunt Andromeda and Uncle Ted were deeply irritated by the need to move to Grimmauld Place. But Aunt Andromeda remarked that due to the peculiarities of the sisters' genetic relationship it was difficult to protect any building she was a resident of against Bellatrix, so they hadn't had a choice. Along with them had come Uncle Ted's elderly mother, who had lived by herself but was starting to have difficulty managing the house chores and certainly could not protect herself against Death Eaters. Uncle Marius and his wife and children ranged from silently unnerved to enthralled, but Marius himself did not seem at all happy to be taking up full time residence in Grimmauld Place. Equally unhappy was Aunt Lucretia, who had already lived there but plainly thought the influx of residents from muggle Britain consisted entirely of crazy people.Others were strangers or only distantly known to Harry. Some had very tenuous connections to the family, but Aunt Druella had explained to Hermione that the procedures for accepting someone as a refugee into the family residence should work fairly well for preventing them from attacking it. ("Passing information, not so much, but then we already have to have Cissy here so more won't make much difference," Aunt Druella had said acerbically. Aunt Narcissa's recent actions had been the subject of a lot of comments, inside the family and out.) For example, there was Christina Parkinson, Pansy Parkinson's aunt, who was still technically beholden to the Longbottoms but was in legal limbo because of Aunt Narcissa and Aunt Andromeda murdering Algernon Longbottom last year. Also present were several of her children, including their Teaching Assistant Josephine Burke from Potions class. Similarly, Professor Rhoeo Weasley, who had been Sirius's father's girlfriend and had his child, had moved into Grimmauld Place and was temporarily assisting the family with administrative work over the summer. There was the family of the Black Honor Court Sheriff, Gentian Zeller, albeit Aunt Druella and Aunt Cassiopeia thought they could make the Little Hall as secure as Grimmauld Place and open up a second fortified household before the summer was over.Their guests even included Dean Thomas and his parents and sisters, who Remus had met when Dean's mother was working with Hermione, and recently invited to come and stay. In addition to the security situation in general, several attacks on muggleborns who had not hidden their blood status had been reported. It was rumored that there was an informant in the Ministry who was passing the home addresses of muggleborns to Death Eaters. Two children of Hogwarts age had been murdered in the last month, both along with their entire families. Sirius and Aunt Andromeda had extended the same invitation to Tracey Davis and her mother, but they had refused on the grounds that Daphne had persuaded the Death Eaters Tracey was a halfblood, fleeing into Sirius's house would only make it obvious this had been untrue, and at any rate Tracey's mother apparently did not want to leave her property unattended.The house only made certain sitting rooms, parlors and dining rooms available at a given time, but whatever doors existed on a given day were always flung wide or locked against intruders, and people constantly spilled through them and into the recently-subdued garden, which could now be entered without taking one's life in one's hands. Harry's feelings - indeed, everyone's feelings - were mixed. On the one hand, he had always liked to have people around, and company for anything he might want to do was virtually always now available. In fact the packed house rather reminded him of Gryffindor Tower, particular in its average volume of noise. On the other hand privacy was now virtually never available, the adults were constantly involved in settling disputes between strangers when not technically working, and because everyone was living together, and everyone saw everything, virtually everyone in the house had to have an opinion on any given subject or action. There was a constant stream of arguments over things that should have been of no concern to anyone: Lucretia's opinion of Hermione's hair dressing abilities, Aunt Andromeda's opinion of the classes Marius's granddaughter Mary was taking at university, whether Christina Parkinson had been rude in her shock when she walked in on Daphne in jeans borrowed from Hermione and asked, "What on earth is that garment?"As a result, tempers were perpetually running high. When Aunt Cassie came upstairs and asked the children to stop running up and down the staircase on the bottom floor near her Potions workshop, or Crookshanks knocked over a cup of coffee on Draco's summer homework, a screaming argument was bound to ensue. In addition to this there were politics, and foremost of all was the issue of Aunt Narcissa. She had undeniably saved Harry's life last spring, but just as undeniably she had been in a position to do it because she had secretly been reporting to Bellatrix and Voldemort for, at least, months. Nobody could tell for sure whether and when she had changed her mind or where her loyalties were now. Gentian Zeller, the Honor Court sheriff, was of the opinion that Narcissa had better be tried for treason rather than pardoned, having gone back on her word to the House and possibly sworn a false vow to the Abbotts on Sirius's behalf. Sirius did not want to do this, among other things because there had not been time to comprehensively rewrite the Black legal code, only commute offenses case by case, and the penalty for treason was still execution - and if he pardoned Aunt Narcissa for treason under the circumstances there would be serious political consequences. Sheriff Gentian was of the opinion that Narcissa could stay under house arrest awaiting trial, then, which Sirius obviously did not want to do to someone else. This was only the latest in a series of arguments between Sirius and Gentian, who on the one hand was the muggle widow of the last, Wizarding sheriff and on the other hand was very accustomed to enforcing the penalties in the traditional Black legal code.Aside from this issue there was the minor affair of Tonks and Evelyn's upcoming wedding. Most people were not having large events this summer, but given that Tonks was in an unprecedented position in several ways, the Blacks had to show confidence in her as heir. Aunt Druella and Aunt Cassiopeia were adjusting the Little Hall with the intention of allowing the wedding to proceed as a public affair safely. This meant that the half of the family who were not embroiled in the issues over Aunt Narcissa were instead involved in wedding planning.And, of course, there had been the Horcrux. Harry had been so terrified of its removal that he had barely been aware of the arguments throughout the house for the first week of break. He had not been able to bear the thought of Sirius's presence while he died, hopefully temporarily, and so he had asked Aunt Cassie to tell him not to come. Aunt Cassie had obligingly told Sirius his presence might destabilize the ritual, but this meant Harry had to feel guilty twice over - for Sirius had been upset by not being able to come, and Aunt Cassie, with her long and nasty history with the Heads of the Black family, had been terrified by defying him, as much as she plastered over it her usual cool demeanor. Sirius was obviously not doing well having been forced by security problems to move home to Grimmauld Place, for all the house was immensely changed since his own childhood, and he was often missing after dinner, drinking in private. Although he tried to hold his temper it was often replaced by a stilted, fixed politeness that seemed utterly unlike him.But the Horcrux was now gone, and Harry was for the first time alone in his own mind, his own person - still with the threat of Voldemort hanging over him, as Voldemort would never allow a prophesied threat to go unaddressed, but free to meet that threat how he wished. And unlike a few years before, Harry now stood with family around him: Sirius, and the rest of the Blacks, a plethora of aunts, uncles and cousins, and of course, Hermione.Hermione's family was at hand today, however, for today Hermione's parents were coming to London to see her for the first time since she had run away in the midst of a fight last summer.Aunt Cassiopeia, who had more time and was better tempered than Sirius this summer, besides having taken on teaching Hermione herself, had agreed to escort them into London along with Aunt Margaret. (It helped that Aunt Cassie, as a Dark Lord, was probably enough security alone.) Hermione’s parents arrived at the disturbing front door of Grimmauld Place at a few minutes to one. Hermione would have sprung up, but Aunt Cassiopeia stopped her as she and Harry came down the stairs. “Let us answer the door and give them a few minutes to ask me nosy questions,” Aunt Cassie said. “I’ll try to reassure them.” Then she got up and left. Going back up, but pausing on the first floor landing out of sight, Harry could hear the voices below clearly:“You must be Hermione’s parents,” Aunt Cassiopeia said. Unlike Sirius, long ago, her accent did not automatically sharpen. “I’m Cassiopeia Black, this is the family residence. Drs. Granger?”“Pleased to meet you,” said Hermione’s mother, stiffly. “Are you related to Sirius Black...?”“His great aunt, yes,” Aunt Cassiopeia said. “--I don’t know if Hermione’s told you that magic often slows aging considerably. He probably didn’t mention you to me, I”m - ah - the black sheep in a family of them and I wasn’t in contact with the family from when he was very young, until recently. This is my domestic partner, Margaret Wright--”“Pleasure,” Aunt Margaret said, and there were the sounds of people shaking hands.“Hermione’s still staying with - Sirius and his godson, then?” Hermione’s mother said.Harry went off to work on summer homework, feeling that he would not enjoy anything else. Hermione's misery and anxiety had been so great that they were catching. But he stayed where he could hear conversations down the stairs, and to his surprise the Grangers were back in the front entry less than an hour later.“Mum, Dad,” Hermione was saying, nervously. “Things have been getting... difficult again, in Britain. I don’t know if it would be easy for anyone to trace me back to you - especially since you aren’t living at the same address as before, but just in case...”“We designed these to protect your homes,” Aunt Cassiopeia said, picking up gently from Hermione. There was a rustle of paper being moved. “Take these envelopes with you and unseal them when you reach your homes, then follow the instructions inside. They aren’t difficult or time consuming.” There was a pause as though the Grangers had not been eager to comply. “It will make it far harder for wizards to break into your homes or interfere with you; and it will set your daughter’s mind at ease.”Goodbyes were said, and a moment after the front door opened and shut, Hermione said, “Do you think they’ll really do it?”“All we can do is offer,” Aunt Cassie said, gently. “If they've split up, then at least they shouldn't have the same address that was on file for you before. Now. Go sit in the garden, I’ll get some tea from the kitchens and join you.”When Harry came downstairs not long later and went out, Hermione’s face was drawn and pale. Harry half-expected her to cry, but she seemed to calm down, slowly, seated at the table down among the more ordinary flowers slowly regrowing after the garden had been razed to the ground in May. “It’s just...” she said to Harry, “I expected something to happen. I don’t know if I thought it would be good or bad - whether I thought we’d get in a fight, or they’d apologize, or beg me to come home, or...”“And instead it’s more of the same?” Harry said, quietly.“Yeah.” Hermione smiled weakly, looking away. “It’s just - stilted and awkward, and I can tell they’re not speaking again, and they asked Aunt Cassie where I’m staying but didn’t ask me... I don’t know. It’s not like I really wanted - of course I don’t want to fight with them, and I was afraid if they were - better - I’d regret having let Sirius adopt me with magic last year, but...”“Are you glad you talked to them, at least?” Harry asked.“Yeah,” Hermione said, slowly. “I guess I am. At least I know, now.”Aunt Cassiopeia came out a few minutes later with the tea and sat down with them. “How do you feel now?” she asked Hermione.“I don’t know.” Hermione shrugged. “It’s not like things were as bad as... They fought with each other, not really me...”“I do understand,” Aunt Cassiopeia said. “Not precisely, but... I think the more evil members of the family have dominated the story telling, but Poll and I’s parents were... well-intentioned and overwhelmed. They left the house after my divorce and things were... stilted. We wrote occasionally and saw each other at holidays, until they were killed - in the Blitz, their house was bombed - and I realized then, at the funeral, that I had always thought some day we would really understand each other... It never happened.” She paused. “A rather depressing story, in retrospect.”“No, I think I am glad to -- hear it,” Hermione said at length. “Thank you.”Harry, who had absolutely no desire to see the Dursleys again as long as he lived, was quiet.Eventually Hermione said tentatively, “There’s your daughter too, now, isn’t there? Antandre? You mentioned her, before.”“There is,” Aunt Cassiopeia said, sounding faintly surprised.“She’s the Death Eater, right?” Harry said, remembering the weekend he had gone home and met Agrimony. “I mean, the one you convinced to vote for Amelia to replace Fudge.”“Yes,”Aunt Cassiopeia said. “Although I think she’s changing her mind. When I first met her she felt she was too old to change, but I pointed out that I am older,” she said. “She isn’t really... You know, many of the Death Eaters have never actually encountered muggles except as an abstraction or in combat and since Antandre worked in research for Riddle she didn’t meet them there, either. She was raised in the House of Nott, who I believe you met last Christmas and saw the isolated homestead of, married into a branch of the equally rural Selwyns...” Aunt Cassiopeia shrugged faintly. “Don’t misunderstand. It’s a bitter thing to turn your back on a cause, having given it your adult life, your sister, and your husband. But she has grandchildren she is afraid to lose in this war, and two sons... And me.”Hermione hesitated. “Would you normally introduce your - apprentice - to her?” she asked.“In the course of things, but I’m not sure she’s ready to be polite to your face,” Aunt Cassiopeia said. “I think she will be - and to be fair, Minister Bones reports she has been remarkably polite to the new Head of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, Dirk Cresswell, who is muggleborn. He was the head of the Goblin Liaison Office before. So I may be overly pessimistic...” The garden had been enchanted so that noise from the house did not intrude, and for now they were peacefully alone. Hermione finished her tea slowly, looking calmer all the while. Aunt Cassiopeia gently asked after Harry's summer homework, and the project she had Hermione working on with the Horcrux removed, and what classes they and the other children wanted to take at N.E.W.T. level. Hermione was reliving all of the essays she had written for her History of Magic O.W.L., which she somehow remembered point by point nearly an entire month after the fact, and looking very cheerful when Sirius came outside."Hi," he said, pausing uncertainly. "Mind if I sit?" He looked at Aunt Cassiopeia, rather than Harry and Hermione. He looked, Harry thought, all right today, although there were dark circles under his eyes.As usual, Aunt Cassiopeia looked particularly blank and her eyes especially flat in Sirius's presence. He had shouted rather a lot when Aunt Cassie told him he could not be present when Harry - temporarily - died, and ever since she had been unusually inhuman to him and Sirius unusually polite in her presence. But just now she glanced at Hermione and smiled shallowly, and said, "Please sit. Have some tea," she said, and a fourth cup appeared in her hand without so much as a move towards her wand. "Thanks," said Sirius, drawing up the fourth chair that had also appeared when Harry was not looking. "Hi, Harry. How did it go, Hermione?""Okay," Hermione said, and shrugged. "I haven't - changed my mind about anything, I mean."Sirius did not make her elaborate, but nodded. "I wanted to talk to you both about something related," he said. "I know we originally agreed I would adopt you this September when you came of age, and I'm still happy to do that - I'd be pleased to have you as my daughter. I wanted to ask, though, now that Aunt Cassie has agreed to letting people know she's alive...""She has?" Harry asked."I agreed to provide Veritaserum for Narcissa's trial, if a suitable presiding official can be found," said Aunt Cassiopeia. "As we are judging her intentions rather than what she actually did, and most of her actions were also not witnessed by anyone reliable, there is no point holding the trial without it. But Veritaserum can only be accepted as evidence with someone whose truthfulness and power - and security charms - are indisputable to swear to its authenticity, and as Severus Snape is even less reliable in the public eye than me, it must be me.""Right," said Harry. "So - is Gentian proceeding, then?""About that," said Aunt Cassiopeia, setting her teacup down soundlessly. "Sirius, I'm afraid the family has one last secret to cough up.""Oh, Merlin," said Sirius. "What now? Harry's going to get entirely the wrong idea about how these things work. Try not to be like us when you've got your own House," he added to Harry, as though solemnly imparting advice. Harry laughed.Aunt Cassie began, "You know Gentian never acknowledged the identity of the father of her younger three children, but given their looks - and the manifestation of Legilimency and twin soul bonding in the grandchildren - people have speculated it must have been a Black for a long time." Sirius nodded, and Aunt Cassiopeia went on, "It was, but it was actually a licit - if hidden - relationship. She married my brother Pollux in secret in 1944, two years after her first husband's death. As she inherited the position of Sheriff from her first husband, she could file the paperwork herself." Sirius's mouth fell open into an O shape, and he gawked, apparently speechless. Aunt Cassie gave a small smile and went on, "Obviously they could never admit it while Arcturus was alive, and when you reappeared Gentian was anxious you would regard her children as competition for your own heirs, but I have reassured her.""Right," Sirius said, obviously doing math in his head, "Her daughter's married, right, but the boys would be... My father's second cousins, like my mother, and my mother's half-brothers, so Fern and Jonquil's generation are my cousins. Well," he said dryly, "I'm glad their parents aren't half-siblings after all.""Mhmm. Anyway, you still can't dismiss Gentian unless she commits an offense named in the Black Charter, but with the publicization of the relationship she can step down without gossip you've forced her so that you can put someone in place who will acquit Narcissa for you. Which should simplify manners with the tenants who petitioned you to replace her. She asked me to break the news to you for her, and shall I let her know you have no objections?""Yes, of course," Sirius said distractedly. "Merlin. Granddad - well, he would be the most likely to marry a muggle.""He and Gentian loved each other very much," Aunt Cassie said, paused to reflect on this statement, and added, "He always had terrible taste." Harry and Hermione, who had heard at least one vicious argument between Aunt Cassie and Gentian on the subject of corporal punishment as well as Aunt Cassie's warning to Sirius about Gentian's reputation last winter, snorted at each other. "You had something to ask me, first, I think?""Right. I wanted to ask, if you and Hermione would prefer it, if you and Margaret would rather adopt her," said Sirius. "Of course it's not because I don't want her, but I think you would both agree she's yours much more than mine now."Hermione turned an anxious and half-hopeful expression on Aunt Cassie. "I don't know what Margaret would say--" she said."She will say yes," Aunt Cassie said. "I will speak with her - but yes, if you would both agree, I would be honored." The next morning, Harry came down to breakfast and found the house in pandemonium. It was immediately obvious something else had happened. People were nearly shouting at each other in the drawing room where most of the adults in the family itself ate breakfast, and there were about six copies of the Prophet distributed. The room was crowded with people: Sirius, but also Aunt Andromeda and Uncle Ted, Tonks and Evelyn, Aunt Druella and Aunt Margaret and Aunt Cassiopeia and, back in a corner, Aunt Lucretia. Remus, Draco and Daphne and Hermione, Uncle Marius, his daughter Lydia, Graeme, and to Harry’s surprise Sotero Lestrange were there...And, talking to Sirius, Amelia Bones, whose back had been to him when he came in.“There you are, you slept so late,” Hermione said immediately. Her face was pale.Harry flushed but sat down. “What happened?” he said. Instead of answering, Hermione passed him the front page of the Prophet, and he read: MASS AZKABAN BREAKOUTYOU-KNOW-WHO MADE DEAL WITH DEMENTORS

The Ministry of Magic confirmed early this morning that a massive breakout had occurred at Azkaban Prison, including every living Death Eater associated prisoner and a number not obviously involved with You-Know-Who, and the desertion of Azkaban by its dementor guards.A number of other prisoners were also found dead. These included prisoners accused of vigilante activity against blood purist organizations over the past twenty years and the now-notorious Peter Pettigrew, who was convicted of framing Sirius Black (Head of the House of Black) for the betrayal of James Potter and his wife and son, Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, as well as the murder of twelve muggles. A source in MLE speculated that Pettigrew was blamed by You-Know-Who and his supporters for the events at the Potters’, which left You-Know-Who without his body and much of his power for fourteen years.Minister Amelia Bones, speaking from her office, confirmed that MLE had immediately stationed guards at the prison to secure the situation and that she would bring security measures before the Wizengamot in light of the situation that day, with the cooperation of Chief Warlock Albus Dumbledore in calling an emergency session.For a complete list of the escaped Death Eaters and the deceased, please turn to page seven...Harry looked up, feeling sickened. “How many escapes?” he asked Hermione quietly.“Amelia said it was at least forty or fifty people, but they’re not sure yet. Some of the prisoners were out of their cells, there was a fight between factions, and they think Voldemort might have,” Hermione hesitated, “Had some of the - the bodies thrown into the sea, so we wouldn’t know how many prisoners had followed him. The Aurors are trying to figure it out now. She was really angry - you remember they were trying to get a bill through the Wizengamot to replace the dementors, and she thought she might have to invite ICW intervention to do it? Well, they might listen to her now...”“It’s a little late,” Harry said angrily, taking toast from the platter at the center of the table Hermione was sitting at with Daphne. Then he actually looked at her. Daphne had a double spread of the Prophet open, filled with photographs of - Harry leaned over - Death Eaters and possible Voldemort supporters who were thought to be among the escapees. Among them was Ulrike Selwyn’s face, staring flatly at the camera from her recent mugshot.“Minister Bones talked to me earlier,” Daphne said, although Harry had not realized she had noticed him. Her face was fixed, and the eggs on her plate were congealing. “ They’re not sure - if - they didn’t actually find Mum’s body yet, but it’s possible she was killed because she agreed to testify - when she thought she was keeping me out of prison. They’re looking. She said they’d let me know if they had any information.”“I’m sorry,” Harry said, awkwardly.“You don’t have to be. She tried to kill you,” Daphne said, very flatly, and did not look up from the paper. Hermione quietly took the plate of inedible eggs and mutilated bacon from Daphne, put it aside, and replaced it with fresh.Harry glanced at the front page of the paper again, which was dominated by articles about safety measures and an announcement of the murder of a family of six in Wales, then put it aside. He tried to get some food down, but soon gave up and put his own plate aside, then went to join Sirius.Sirius and Amelia had obviously finished discussing the breakout when Harry arrived, however, and moved on to the emergency session that would begin at one PM. They were discussing the issues with replacing the dementors (“For the whole six prisoners left,” Amelia said sarcastically, but of course they would need to be able to hold any Death Eaters they recaptured), as well as the measures they expected when the Wizengamot was back in session by certain conservative families, who had voted for Amelia to replace Fudge in order to begin filling vacant Wizengamot seats. Sirius glanced up and put his arm over Harry’s shoulder when he came over - Harry’s stomach leapt oddly - but went on discussing politics. Harry picked at the food at this table instead, and listened.“--The damnedest thing is the timing, really,” Amelia said, sipping at coffee. “The Lestrange retrial was set to happen in another week, and I won’t lie, Sirius, I thought Rabastan was going to get off, and probably Rodolphus, too. I got the Longbottoms out of isolation, but neither of them is exactly up to cross-examination. I went to see them with Bishop Macmillan last week, and talked to them about it. Alice at least seemed to get what I was talking about - Merlin knows - but she pointed at the ‘Yes’ card when I asked her if she’d testify and she pointed at pictures of the Lestranges.” She rubbed her face. “And that might have done it if it was the main evidence, but given the damned interrogation transcripts...”“The Wizengamot almost certainly would have acquitted Rodolphus seeing the memory,” Sirius agreed, staring grimly past Amelia. “I don’t know that they’d believe he was innocent, with Mrs. Lin testifying, but the idea of a man of that rank being subjected to his wife being raped - in front of him - would be enough. And we know Voldemort still has people in the Ministry, so he must have known that.”“Voldemort probably didn’t want them to be acquitted, either,” said Aunt Andromeda, coming to sit down.“You’re going to have to explain that one to me,” Amelia said, raising an eagle-like brow. "Another family secret?" And she turned her gaze acerbically on Aunt Cassiopeia for a moment. Aunt Cassie looked up as though she had sensed it, smiled blandly, and raised her hand to Amelia, who sighed.Aunt Andromeda shook her head. “Rodolphus didn’t want to join,” she said, delicately setting her coffee cup down without so much as a clinking noise. “I’m not saying this to excuse him but he was quite clear - and Bellatrix was, writing to me - that Voldemort forced him to do it when he was sixteen in case he lost control of the Lestrange fortune. That, general apathy to life, and the threat of being murdered for desertion, kept him in line until he fell in love with my sister and then he was loyal to her. But at this point, having already lost everything?” Aunt Andromeda looked down, a curl of dark hair falling across her cheek. “Voldemort may have feared that if Rodolphus was acquitted he’d say to hell with the war and the Cause and walk away. Of course Voldemort would want to avoid that. Even aside from the issues with Bellatrix, the Lestrange vaults provided three quarters of his funding during the last war, they’re virtually bottomless, and their tenants and clients have always been a fertile recruiting ground, they're so isolated from muggles. It’s one of the reasons I haven’t wanted to press Sotero to make a claim for his inheritance. With Abraxas and Lucius both dead it would have a better chance, but I still wouldn’t bet on his odds at avoiding assassination by his own people.”Amelia blinked slowly. “Sotero?” she said. “The TA?” Her eyes traveled to where Sotero was sitting, quiet and pale, next to Aunt Druella.“Bellatrix and Rodolphus’s son,” Aunt Andromeda said. “He and his sister were taken out of the country with the remaining Lestrange women after Voldemort’s fall. Their guardian had them write to me when they were old enough.”“Morgana, your family members keep popping out of the damn ground... I take it from your carefully minced words you mean my father’s second cousin, Myrtle Bones Lestrange?” Amelia said. “--Don’t worry about offending me, I’ve written to her a few times too. Glad she survived that madhouse, though I wish she’d told me about the children.” She rubbed her face. “If Rodolphus entrusted his children to her there’s probably something in what you say.”“According to Myrtle,” Aunt Andromeda said delicately, looking at neither Amelia nor Sirius, “It was Bellatrix who asked her.”Sirius had appeared to drift, but he looked up at this and said, tiredly, “She’s under fewer illusions than you think about Voldemort. She told me to get out of the house - run away - before I turned sixteen, because she could refuse to bring me to take the Mark but she couldn’t make Narcissa and my mother refuse, and she didn’t think my father would block them out of the house just because she asked.”Amelia muttered something foul under her breath. “If she knows he’s a madman, then why...”“Bellatrix is Bellatrix,” Sirius said.“We never did establish what the Mark does, either,” Aunt Andromeda pointed out, face thoughtful. “Maybe she can’t.”Sirius shook his head. “I’ve looked at Bella’s,” he said. “And another more recently. Aunt Druella and Aunt Cassiopeia have both examined it, too. It allows him to track them without extensive measures preventing it, it makes them vulnerable to certain curses, I mean, there are any number of reasons not to let Voldemort put that thing on your arm that anyone with time to think about the decision would come up with. But it’s not a mind control spell, and it doesn’t, say, kill you if you stray. Bella’s staying with him because she chooses to, even if it is probably because she can’t think of any other choices, on some level.” He looked up at Aunt Andromeda then and smiled, shakily. “I’m sorry.”Harry thought about the day last year when Sirius had begged Bellatrix to come home in St. Mungo’s, and shifted uncomfortably in his seat.Amelia glanced at him and shook her head, seeming jarred awake. “I had better get back to the Ministry,” she said, setting her coffee cup down. “Thanks for the coffee, and sorry to bring you news like this, Sirius--”“Really, thank you for coming to tell us yourself--”“Good day,” Amelia said, nodding, and turned to stride out of the room.

There was not much room for new security measures to be added to Grimmauld Place in the wake of the mass Azkaban escape. But magical Britain was braced for something new and terrible to happen with dozens of additional Death Eaters on the loose.(“Not that the Dark Lord didn’t have dozens already,” Aunt Druella said, sighing over the paper one morning. “But this is an announcement he’s ready to act.”“He wants us to know it’s open war, now,” Aunt Andromeda agreed grimly.)Several more high profile murders made the paper in the week after the escape, though no one Harry knew well. He felt guilty about being relieved by this. An Auror’s entire family was killed - probably in retaliation for his arrest of a Ministry spy the previous month - and there were other disappearances. Uncle Ted, going to open his enchanter’s shop in Diagon Alley on Monday, found two people pouring accelerant on the foundations with wands in hand. He surprised the attackers from the back, Stunning them. But afterward he reluctantly agreed with Aunt Andromeda that he wasn’t getting all that much work done, being so distracted by the family and war, and boarded the shop up, with a note that he could be reached by owl for complicated or tricky issues.These events spurred the urgency of tackling the remaining two Horcruxes. No one had any idea how to get into the Greengrass crypt yet, but the Lestrange vault was another matter with the war heating up. It was quickly agreed that they could bring Sotero in at least on the general issue. When he said at dinner that night, tiredly, that he wished there was something he could do, Aunt Andromeda said, “There might be something, actually.”“Yeah?” Sotero looked up, and smiled halfheartedly. “I don’t know if I’d be any use to you in the Wizengamot. The appointee’s loyal to Amelia anyway, and it isn’t like the people on the land will like me.”“It’s not that, exactly, although that might matter later with more pressure to fill the seats,” Sirius said. “There’s something Voldemort asked your parents to keep in their vault that we need. If you can get into it...”Sotero brightened. “Maybe,” he said. “--I’ll want to write to Aunt Myrtle and maybe some other family members first, because my blood will get me into the vault but there are usually other protections cast by the family inside--”

“--And I don’t know that blood alone will handle them, but someone should know. My father knew he might be the last of the British line, he has to have done something to prepare for it.”“You understand,” Sirius said, carefully, “That if you do go to reclaim the vault people will immediately find out you exist, and some of them will want to kill you without waiting to see if you claim the title. We’ll certainly help with your security, but I can’t guarantee anybody’s safety in this climate.”“I know.” Sotero bit his lip then. “I’ve been thinking about it,” he confessed. “And if you really needed me for the seat, I thought, it would be one thing, but while you don’t... This is something I can actually do, though. We’ll see how it goes over with the public. I can’t refuse just to save my own life, particularly not when half your family have death marks.”“Good man,” Sirius said. “It may not feel terribly heroic but it will make an extremely large difference.”Then they had to wait for Sotero to write to France and receive answers, but at least, Harry thought, progress was being made. Unfortunately there was little chance that they could get into the Greengrass crypt via Daphne. She had been accosted by her cousins outside church with Aunt Druella and returned home sobbing because they had suggested that the only cure for a traitor like her was death. (Then Aunt Druella had cursed them.)

Harry's sixteenth birthday took place the Wednesday after the Azkaban breakout. Mrs. Weasley still didn't want Ron in the house with her mother, so unfortunately he was not able to come, but he and his mother sent separate packages, Mrs. Weasley's with Errol, and Ron's with the returning Hedwig.Cho came over through the Floo to join the house for dinner and cake, and afterward they were able to escape upstairs ("Don't get pregnant or your parents will kill me," Sirius called, prompting Cho to swear at him, half in surprise.) Both of them were blushing by the time Harry shut the door to his room behind them. They had found several relatively private places to spend time together in Hogwarts, but this was the first time an actual bed had been available.Afterward, Harry drifted until he he jolted awake with a start, remembering Snape's horrifying lecture after his vision last Christmas. No sooner did Harry sit up than he remembered that with the Horcrux gone, this was no longer a concern.But he no longer felt like sleeping. Instead, he fished an aged composition book off of his bedside table. It was one of the series of journals his mother had filled. In addition to the books in Snape's box of her things, and the ones that had been left in Sirius's house, more of her belongings had been discovered by Adrian Pucey after he had graduated last year. Apparently they had been entrusted to Marlene McKinnon before her death, and packed off to the Puceys' attic with the rest of the personal belongings she had left to her baby cousin. This final trunk of materials had helped Aunt Cassiopeia remove the Horcrux from Harry, among other things because it had contained vials of Lily's blood preserved for ritual purposes. (Harry was trying not to think too hard about this.)Cho was drowsing, silky hair spread over Harry's pillows, eyes half-shut. Harry flipped open the notebook and put it down on the bedspread. His mother's journals were jumbled in no particular order, and she had used them for a variety of purposes - diary entries, notes on experiments, shopping lists with budgets, accounting. Sometimes he would encounter ten or fifteen pages where she had only copied out favorite song lyrics or poetry, or made note of favorite tracks on records. Not knowing how much of the remaining material was really dedicated to his mother's thoughts made him reluctant to read too much at once. There seemed to be both an abundance of writing and hardly any.He had opened this particular notebook last night, from the ones piled in the trunk left with the McKinnons, and found it was one of the later books he had located so far, dated January of 1980. The first few pages were dedicated to a sprawling argument with herself about whether to end her pregnancy with Harry, and at first he had felt slapped in the face, but when he read the argument his feelings changed. It became very obvious that once she had found out she was pregnant his mother had wanted him, badly - contrary to what Professor Snape had implied long ago - but she had been terrified of being murdered, terrified he would be murdered, terrified of horrifying rumors about what Death Eaters did when killing muggle or muggleborn women pregnant with wizards' children.She had also been worried about money. Harry had not yet found any writing from the period immediately before she married, but it seemed that she and his father had married hastily once she found out she was pregnant, thinking that if his father was killed they needed to be sure his child's claim to the Potter political fortune would be clear. His mother had been nervous James would abandon her if he did not die in the war, or that she would have a fight with him that ended their marriage. The notes had been hard to read, but Harry had felt by the end at least secure that his mother could have decided not to have a child, and had wanted him enough to risk things anyway."What are you reading?" Cho asked sleepily."It's one of my mother's journals," Harry said. Cho stirred, sitting up curiously. "Here - do you want to see? This one's from just after she got married to my dad, and she drew the hall in the main Potter house, in I think Exeter, and copied down the runes around the hearth, I've never actually been there..."Cho looked over his shoulder. "I can't quite parse that," she said, gently touching the copy Harry's mother had made of the hearth long ago, "The pencil's faded, but I think this part says something about the hearth fire... Well, you'd expect that." She hesitated. "It's not private?""It could be, but I never really knew her," Harry said, leaning into Cho's warm side. He felt his eyes stinging at having said it so plainly, but Cho's fingers worked their way into his hair at the back of his neck and he closed his eyes for a minute. He swallowed and went on, "There's some stuff that's - private - but a lot of it is stuff about her cooking, or the Potter houses, or her research..." He turned the page, hoping this would not immediately reveal some private entry about a fight with Harry's father, but the next two pages were a complicated arithmantic analysis of the rune spell work built into the Potter hall.Cho looked at the pages with an unreadable expression. Then she said, "We should probably get dressed before someone knocks on the door."Cho seemed stilted that evening. Finally, Harry pulled her aside and asked outright if he had done something wrong. Cho blinked at him, then shook her head, kissed him hard, and burst into tears, to his alarm, but he finally got her to explain that it was nothing he had done: "It's just - what I expected, really, about my family," she said, sniffling and wiping her eyes with her sleeve. "I mean, it's better than I expected because once I pitched a fit my parents came down on my side, and some of my cousins. But my grandmother - she's in charge of the family since my grandfather died in the war - really wants me to make up my mind, she wanted to approach Sirius about it, and she's mad, and my uncle is on her side, and since we've had to all move in together like you for security reasons everyone's there to make snide comments all the time...""Are you going to be okay?" said Harry."Yes." Cho straightened, wiping her eyes a second, more furious time. "I will be, and I won't let them engage me to anybody else either, but it's going to be miserable until they give up. But you were right last year. Giving in won't make me happier."On August second, Hogwarts letters arrived at Grimmauld Place for Harry, Hermione, Draco and Daphne. Harry’s included a surprise: he had been made Quidditch Captain.“This is going to make being friends with you even more difficult, you know,” Draco said.“Quidditch is boring,” said Daphne, skimming her letter. “There isn’t enough bloodshed.”“Tell my mother that,” said Draco. “She’s got the record for the most injuries caused by a single Slytherin player.” He looked faintly startled by this comment himself. It was the first time he had discussed his mother all summer.“She’s also the one who taught us Knock Out--” said Daphne. “I mean, along with my mother, but still.”“What’s Knock Out?” Harry asked, examining the shiny badge. “What it sounds like?”“Sort of,” said Daphne.“It’s a game played on brooms,” said Draco. “You can play on teams or as a free for all, depending, but basically you try to trick each other into losing balance and emergency landing, or just crashing. You play it with contact, not like Quidditch, and sometimes you curse each other too. It’s where most of the Slytherin team learned to foul people.” He considered this. “If you tell anyone I said that I’ll deny it.”“That sounds incredibly dangerous,” said Hermione.“It’s a Death Eater training game,” Daphne said. “--I mean, I think they called it something else, and now a lot of people play it because our generation taught it to other kids at parties, but that’s definitely where the organized rules come from. You-Know-Who’s army included a broomstick combat team, which was kind of a first because it takes a lot of drilling and brooms used to be rare and expensive and not very maneuverable. The game’s from when they were figuring out how to train for it. They’re slightly more complicated than Draco’s making it sound. It’s fun, though.”“She lured me into crashing through the greenhouse at home when I was eight,” said Draco.“Only because you followed an obvious feint.”“My mother congratulated her, because I grew up surrounded by homicidal lunatics.”Harry was reading his letter instead of listening. The process for beginning N.E.W.T. students was slightly more complicated than usual. Their letters included all of the books for every subject, and instructions as to which classes required which O.W.L. grades to continue. They were supposed to write back and inform the school which classes they intended to continue by the fifteenth of August.There was an added note that, while it was theoretically possible for sixth years to keep all previous classes, they were strongly advised to take no more than six to eight. They were expected to complete many hours of work outside the classroom at N.E.W.T. level. Many students would be more successful with a range of three to six N.E.W.T. classes, and of those careers which required N.E.W.T. certifications, all but very specialized fields involving a wide range of skilled magic required no more than four. Students should keep both their career goals and their abilities in mind when selecting classes. All that said, it was possible for new N.E.W.T. students to begin a new course at the O.W.L. level and prepare to take the O.W.L. exam with their remaining N.E.W.T.s, and with the added staff choices, they were able to offer accelerated first year O.W.L. courses to older students once more...More excitingly, several new classes had been added. There was an art class which did not have an associated O.W.L. credit but could be taken at any year, and a Latin class added to the ordinary classes begun at third year. Two new N.E.W.T. only classes had also been added, which required O.W.L. results and involved advanced magical study: Wardcraft and Alchemy.“Oh, do you think Professor Dumbledore might teach Alchemy himself?” Hermione said, obviously also not listening to the argument Daphne and Draco were now having about an incident that had occurred on broomsticks when they were seven. “It’s supposed to be his real passion...”“Oh, they’re teaching Alchemy again?” Daphne said, immediately diverted. She rapidly flipped open her course list and moaned. “I can’t believe I have to pick between Wardcraft and Alchemy...”“Drop History and take both, then,” Draco advised.“I can’t. I’ll drop Potions, I hate it, and there’s nothing I want to do for a living that needs a Potions N.E.W.T. What else are you dropping, you think?” Daphne asked, looking at them. “I’m definitely not doing Astronomy or Herbology...”“Aren’t Alchemy and Potions sort of similar?” Hermione asked, sounding surprised.“No,” Daphne said. “I mean, yes, technically, which is why they’re requiring an E on the Potions O.W.L. for it, but the techniques involved are completely different and I know I’m better at the alchemy skills. Potions at Hogwarts level is almost all being meticulous and patient and following instructions--”“Daphne is not good at any of those things,” said Draco.“Shut up, Draco.” Daphne swatted him with her letter. They were thick enough this year to give a good thwack noise. “Mum says it’s part of why Snape hates it so much, because the interesting theory is only introduced at N.E.W.T. level, before that it’s just five years of supervising children closely while they learn cooking skills and sometimes blow up their classmates. You have to be a really patient person and like children to do that and neither of those applies to Snape. But Alchemy will involve a lot more, for example, Transfiguration used in the classroom, and Arithmancy and a certain amount of formal ritual - you have to have a license to practice that - and it’s going to be really cool, especially if Dumbledore’s teaching.”“Your mother did not tell you that,” said Draco.“Of course not.” Daphne rolled her eyes. “But he is the acknowledged world expert on that subject, unlike anything else. Carya and I--” She abruptly stopped talking then and looked back at her letter, face falling.“So, you’re going to take Arithmancy and Wardcraft?” Hermione said after a moment.Daphne smiled weakly and wiped at her eyes with her sleeve. “Yes, I think so, and it would be stupid to drop Charms or Transfiguration, anything that wants N.E.W.T. qualifications is likely to look for those... And History... What do you think, should we risk Defense?”“Professor Moody only signed on to do one year,” said Harry, who had heard Sirius and Tonks talking about it earlier, “But they’re supposed to be keeping Professor Selwyn on - and she gets to be senior professor since she’s got seniority and no one else would take the job.”“That’s a really good position for someone her age,” Draco said. “--I mean, she deserves it, at least in my opinion. Unlike most of the staff.”“She’s really good,” said Daphne, looking steadier. “Did you hear anything else about staff changes? I got a letter from one of my cousins who said she heard some of last year’s staff signed on to do a term as a favor to Dumbledore, with the Ministry insisting he fill everything in six weeks, and some of them are retiring now.”“Someone will have to replace Professor Snape, too,” said Hermione.“Great-Grandmother was one of the staff who only agreed to do spring - she was teaching the lower level Arithmancy students,” Draco said. “So Professor Vector would have had to replace her - unless they’re just hiring you on as TA and Sotero’s going to be Junior Professor?”“He is, but they’ve hired another Junior Professor too, someone named Professor Brown. I’m not sure if she’s related to Lavender,” said Hermione.“It’s a common surname,” Daphne said. “Did you get her first?”They spent several hours discussing gossip about the new staff, and their decisions for N.E.W.T.s. Harry resolved to talk to Sirius before making up his mind about that, and to write to Ron and check what he was taking. He also needed to tell Cho he was Quidditch Captain. Hopefully dating a member of another House’s team wouldn’t become a problem.Meanwhile, political arrangements were happening. Gentian's marriage to Pollux Black was recognized and Gentian's retirement as sheriff announced. She was replaced with Miles Vance as senior court officer, a cousin of the murdered Emmeline Vance and the father of one of Gentian's daughters-in-law. He had worked in an unofficial capacity for the Black courts and was generally well-liked. The Black lands were too complicated and segregated to hold one collective assembly the way the Potters did, but Sirius presented him as a candidate to the several different bodies of household heads and received affirmative votes, albeit barely in the area most sympathetic to Death Eaters. Strictly speaking, the Black House assemblies had no actual power if Sirius didn't choose to listen to them, but Sirius might have searched for a new candidate if they had not accepted the first choice. Miles Vance would conduct Tonks and Evelyn's wedding later that summer - and, beforehand, Aunt Narcissa's public trial.Veritaserum took a month to brew. Aunt Cassie, however, kept it available and had anticipated something like this might happen as early as the aftermath of the kidnapping in May. That month, she had started a new batch under the strict security circumstances that would allow her to personally guarantee its effectiveness in court. That meant that at the very least whichever Black dependents arrived to watch would know she was alive, but outside press was not generally permitted in Honor Courts. News of her life would spread by gossip instead of journalism.The morning of the trial was tense. The children had not been required to attend, but Harry could not imagine sitting at home wondering what was happening. Black court proceedings were usually held in the Little Hall attached to Gentian and her family's usual home, where the Christmas feast had been held, and there hadn't been time to find and prepare another suitable location. Therefore they went into the same long, wooden hall and assembled under the carved rafters. Harry thought of the Wizengamot's trials from the memories he had seen, and the windowless stone chamber. The sunlight streaming in through the high windows did not seem quite right in comparison.There was a stage in the hall, where Miles Vance sat in the center of a long table. He was a tall wizard in navy robes, with mid-back brown hair held in a braid and a long, also-braided beard. Harry thought he looked a bit like Florean Fortescue, although they dressed very differently. Chairs on either side were reserved for two parties in cases where one sued another, or for the party under trial and the witnesses on the other side. Another table sat perpendicular to the judge's, and was filled with the jury, made up from the Black lands. That was all. Honor court proceedings were only as formal as the family wanted them to be, and the Black court in particular could technically be held anywhere, although security enchantments made moving it less convenient in recent years.The audience was filling, slowly. Aunt Cassiopeia sat with Sirius, veiled, in the front, alongside Aunt Druella, Aunt Andromeda and Draco. Harry recognized some other audience members - Fern and Jonquil, Marius and Lydia Black, several other Vance family members familiar from the funeral, a few people he did not remember the names of who had also been at Christmas. But most of them were strangers. He wondered if anything specific had been announced in advance, or if the court would always have been this full. But there was a tense atmosphere that belied any sense of normalcy, and many people shot looks at the family in the front row and whispered to each other.The Blacks had the right to hold a closed court if they wanted to, and many of the lords in the past had done so. But open court had always been associated with honesty and honor in their world, and Sirius had made a point of making all court sessions open to view from any in his lands - so unless they wanted exactly the scandal they were trying to prevent by trying Aunt Narcissa in the first place, it was better to allow people to watch. Still, Harry thought, if Narcissa did not have very compelling testimony under Veritaserum and was convicted, and Sirius insisted on pardoning her immediately to avoid an execution, this might turn into a disaster. The crowd was not yet hostile, but it was on edge and might easily turn that way. It reminded him of Hogwarts just as the Chamber of Secrets was first opened his second year.Finally, a door in the side of the hall opened and Aunt Narcissa was brought in.She was as beautiful as ever. Lycanthropy and several months of house arrest had not made her lose weight or the luminescent quality that drew eyes to her, although she did look very tired. She was dressed plainly today, more plainly than Harry had ever seen her. Even the bloody nightgown she had arrived at the Tonkses' house in two Christmases ago had been covered in lace and sheer patches, and she had had a few pieces of jewelry. Now, Narcissa wore only plain gray robes, made of good wool but undecorated, and her hair was braided simply down her back. She walked with her head raised and her face far away to the chair at the defendant's end of the table, escorted by Gentian's son Savin, who still worked for the court.Miles Vance rose to call the court to order. Harry only half-listened. The opening speech was obviously formulaic and most of it was not in modern English, and he couldn't focus. Instead his gaze kept sliding around - from Hermione biting her nails beside him, to Marius and Annabelle Black holding hands, to Aunt Narcissa's steely, white face, to Draco looking ill in the audience...Finally, Vance was saying, "Narcissa Black, Lady of the House, you stand accused of treason against the House, of conspiracy to murder a ward of the house, Harry Potter, and to aid its enemy, the Dark Lord Voldemort; of falsely swearing oaths of obedience and service to your Lord Sirius Orion and on his behalf to the Lord Hannah Angharad Abbott. How do you plead?"There was a fraught pause before Aunt Narcissa rose and said, "Not guilty, Sheriff.""The Lord of the House has entered a petition for the use of Veritaserum in this trial, as many of the acts which must be judged were not witnessed by any party in reach of this court except the accused. Lady Narcissa, do you acquiesce to this request?"The crowd shifted and murmured. Jury members looked at each other, one man murmuring something to the woman seated next to him. Harry could not say if Narcissa had known in advance. She did not react at all except to say, "I do not object, Sheriff.""Can Veritaserum be provided by one able to swear to its provenance?" Miles asked. He did not look towards her in anticipation, but Aunt Cassiopeia stood in the audience and said, "I can, Sheriff Vance.""Please take the stand," said Vance.Aunt Cassiopeia crossed delicately to the stage. It was not terribly high, but she was so slight that it was a very large step up for her. Vance rose as if to assist her but instead she took a smaller step up as though into the air, and mounted a staircase that did not exist instead of awkwardly clambering up. Murmurs filled the room as she crossed to the opposite chair from Narcissa's and said, "I cannot swear on God, for I am excommunicated. But I, Cassiopeia Violetta Black--"She had to stop here. The crowd was talking excitedly and loudly. Vance had to shout for order before she could continue, "I, Cassiopeia Violetta Black, swear on my honor and my magic that I speak the truth and nothing else. May Morgana rise and my magic turn against me if I lie.""You have Veritaserum," Vance said, raising his voice to be heard over the tapering whispers.

"Please describe the circumstances under which it was brewed.""I brewed the Veritaserum myself," Aunt Cassiopeia said, "In my own laboratory within my house. None has entered nor left the room but me since the brewing was begun. No hand has unstopped the bottle since it was distilled, nor touched it. I swear that I am aware of all that goes on within that room, and no tampering was possible."Vance nodded. "I will allow the admission of Veritaserum into evidence, on the authority and honor of Cassiopeia Black."Aunt Cassie took a single, tiny vial of, as far as Harry could see, nothing from her sleeve and went to Aunt Narcissa. She shook out three drops of clear liquid onto Narcissa's tongue, before retreating to her seat."Please state your name for the record," said Vance.Narcissa's face had gone slack instead of stiff, and her eyes were faintly unfocused. When she spoke, it was not tight and controlled, but quick, eager. "My name is Narcissa Vera Black, although I am not actually related to my grandmother Vera Rosier. As a child--""Enough," said Vance, and Narcissa fell silent. "You are accused of being in secret contact with your - relative, Bellatrix Druella Black. Please describe when this contact began and its nature, confining yourself to the period after you returned to the House of Black in December of 1994.""I began writing to my sister in Azkaban immediately after my return to the House. My husband hadn't allowed it - he said it would be suspicious if I wrote to her, when he had claimed he was under the Imperius Curse, but I think he was really afraid I would complain about him abusing me and Bellatrix would have him killed. She was capable of doing that from prison. I wrote to her the week Sirius allowed me back in the family, telling her I had left Lucius and gone to live with Sirius and asking her forgiveness when the war was over--""Did she grant you forgiveness?" Vance said."She said that there was nothing to forgive," Narcissa said, switching smoothly to answer this question instead. Harry had heard of Veritaserum before, but only as a truth potion. Watching Aunt Narcissa eagerly answer, detail falling upon detail and heedless of the watching audience, Harry felt disturbed. "We wrote about ordinary things for a long time after that - how Draco was doing in school, the books she was reading in prison, whether I thought Sirius was going to get married now that he had inherited. I remember I was surprised by how many muggle books she had read, but she told me that the Azkaban censorship office was more likely to approve muggle books ordered from prison than magical for prisoners arrested for pureblood supremacist crimes--""When did the nature of your contact with your sister change from ordinary things?" Vance said, interrupting smoothly."In April of 1995, I found out from the house elf, Winky, that Sirius believed Bartemius Crouch Jr. was alive and was a prisoner of his father, and they were trying to prove it. I was disturbed and upset. Barty had been a friend of mine, and I was his first lover, and I knew he had a bad relationship with his family. I imagined it might be as bad as my own. I've always been impulsive and violent, even though I'm better at hiding it than my sisters--"There was a certain amount of laughter in the audience at this. Narcissa obliviously continued, "I tried to tell myself to wait, that Sirius had a plan, but I kept thinking about how Barty must be feeling and I couldn't do it. When Amelia Bones wrote a warrant to search Crouch's house they asked me to come with her to make sure Barty cooperated, but Crouch engineered a distraction. I knew he would move his son if we waited, so I went alone. Before I left, I wrote a letter to Bellatrix to tell her what I was doing, knowing the censor's office would copy it, so that Bella and Sirius would both know what had happened, but too late to stop me. I dueled Crouch, but I was out of practice, and he was very good. He won and cursed me with sleep. I woke up months later, in Sirius's house and found out--""You did not speak with your sister or wake at any time in her custody?" Vance said."No. I only found out that Bellatrix had escaped and rescued me after she took me back to Sirius," Narcissa said. "Sirius told me that it had taken her months to find out how to uncurse me, and that she and Barty had tortured Crouch to death to break his Occlumency shields and save me, once I was awake. Bellatrix was free then, of course. When I was a child, she and Andromeda found a spell to make communication mirrors in the family library, and I still had mine. I took it out of my jewelry box and called her, and she picked up. She had retrieved it from her Gringotts vault. She looked terrible--""Did you discuss your loyalties with your sister, or offer her aid?" Vance interrupted."I argued with her," Aunt Narcissa said. Whispers swept the courtroom again. "Late in the war I had become disturbed by how the Dark Lord treated my sister, and how little she seemed to care. He risked killing her sometimes for no reason I could see, for personal gratification or in a temper. I wanted her to leave him, but I had been afraid to say so in the seventies because questioning the Dark Lord could get me killed. I had already committed treason against him by 1995, so I felt it was no worse to say it then. I asked her to leave the Dark Lord and come to Sirius for sanctuary, or if she wouldn't do that, to leave the country and go to her in-laws in France, or go into hiding, but she refused."Later in the summer, I found out that I had been lied to about my parentage. Druella Rosier and Cygnus Black weren't my parents. Instead, my father was Marius Black, a squib and the younger brother of the man I was raised to call my grandfather. My mother was his wife, a muggle. I also found out that my older sister had known, and had met them in the seventies and discussed me with them. I demanded to know why Bellatrix had allowed me to think I was pureblood and whether she thought I was human. She told me of course I was human and reminded me that there were other halfblood Death Eaters. I asked her if she believed in the Cause at all, and she told me she believed in the Dark Lord.""If your sister had asked you to join her, would you have done it?" Vance asked."I don't know," Narcissa said openly. The crowd shifted again. "She didn't ask. She asked me about the House sometimes - what Sirius was planning, if I knew if Dumbledore's Order had reformed -but I gave her evasive answers to anything I thought might be relevant to the war effort. Except about Harry--"Harry jerked his head up."What did you tell her about Harry Potter?" Vance said."I told her that he reminded me of Sirius at his age, which he does, and I told her anything that came to mind that I thought would probably soften her to him. Bellatrix likes children, and I hoped she would hesitate to kill him if she believed I was fond of him, so I spoke of him the same way I did Draco.  I told her how our mother was doing...""How did you come to be summoned by Voldemort to the site of his resurrection, given what you have told the court?" Vance asked.Harry realized then what had seemed wrong about her testimony so far. It did not explain how Narcissa had actually ended up reporting to Voldemort. But Narcissa was speaking again immediately: "...In December the House received a tip the Dark Lord was trying to kill Sirius and Bellatrix was resisting him. I asked if it was true but she didn't answer me. But a few days later, Barty called me through her mirror instead. He told me that she had refused to kill Sirius, and she had dueled the Dark Lord in an argument over it and lost. He had cursed her and she wasn't waking up, and Barty didn't know what to do."I told him to take her to St. Mungo's and give them Andromeda's name, and that when they called I would make sure Sirius arrived instead of Andromeda's husband. He did so. I pretended that the hospital had called me and asked for Sirius, and that I didn't know what was going on, when I spoke to the family. When we arrived at the hospital I pretended to be shocked it was Bellatrix, and that I was furious with her. Bellatrix had been unconscious when she arrived at the hospital. She believed I hadn't known, and so did Sirius."I knew the Dark Lord would be furious she had been taken to the hospital, but it would be days before Bellatrix was recovered. After we left, I told Sirius and my mother I was going to tell Grandmother what was going on. Instead, I touched my mark to contact the Dark Lord. He summoned me immediately, as I had expected. That allowed me to Apparate to him directly without knowing his location. I went down to my knees and begged for Bellatrix and Barty's life. I told him that I had given Barty instructions to take Bella to St. Mungo's, and I told him that our family had brainwashed her to love Sirius when she was a child. I implied that they might have used mind control spells on her, because I knew by then that they had been used on our Aunt Cassie during her second marriage."He believed me about that, but he accused me of betraying him. I pretended to be confused. I lied to him and told him that Bellatrix had ordered me to spy on the family for him and their contacts with Albus Dumbledore. I made it sound as though Bellatrix thought Dumbledore was manipulating Sirius to oppose him. I pretended that I believed the Dark Lord had given the order and that he had been aware of it. He believed me and sent me back."I went to see Bella in hospital before she was released and told her what I had said to the Dark Lord about his orders. She told me I was an idiot and pretended to faint. I went home, but I knew if I didn't go back when I was summoned, the Dark Lord would believe Bellatrix had conspired with me and might kill her. I went to the meetings and tried to persuade Bella to leave again whenever I could, but she wouldn't listen to me."I suggested that Ulrike Selwyn ask her daughter Daphne to come home for Easter when the raid on the Bones family was planned. I knew Daphne had made friends with Draco, Harry and Hermione by then, and I thought she would probably warn them about it and put her mother off for O.W.L. studying. I was shocked when she came home, and she was horrified to see me. I wanted to tell her to go back, but I couldn't say so, in case I was wrong about her loyalties. I told her the evening of the raid where we were going, in case the idea of killing her classmates would put her off. When we entered the property, I triggered the secondary alarm wards when Bellatrix was distracted so that the family would be warned. I Stunned Maggie Bones with nonverbal magic so that the other Death Eaters would think she was already dead. I was relieved when it turned out Daphne had gotten warning to the Bones, and when she turned on Bellatrix. I went home and undressed. I pretended I had been asleep, and that I hadn't known anything was happening, when Andromeda came to wake me up and tell me her daughter was hurt."When Harry was kidnapped, I knew it was Bella's work on the wards. They were too undisturbed. I demanded to know why I hadn't been warned, but Bellatrix put me off and said I would have had trouble killing a child I cared about. She wouldn't tell me where he was being held. When Harry sent a Patronus to Sirius, I knew which building it was, and I could guess what the plan must be, so I made a plan to retrieve him. I was going to search the Keep, but the summons for the resurrection came the next day, so instead I had to plan to tackle him and Disapparate. The Dark Lord was resurrected. Harry unfastened the werewolf Frangipani's bindings with wandless magic and she attacked me and bit me, but Harry fell into me and I grabbed him and Disapparated with both of them to Grimmauld Place.""Enough," Vance said when Aunt Narcissa had drawn more breath to elaborate. "What were your intentions when you swore the oath to Lord Hannah Angharad Abbott?""I swore the oath before I went to see the Dark Lord again or knew I would. I intended and still intend to fulfill my term of service honorably. I--""Enough," Vance said, heavily. "Lord Cassiopeia, please administer the antidote." Aunt Cassie stepped forward, and Vance turned. "Since Harry Potter is here," he said, "Will he come to the stand?"Harry hadn't expected this, but he swallowed and got up. Vance had him swear on God to tell the truth and then asked him questions, mostly about the night that Aunt Narcissa had rescued him. Everything he had to say corroborated Aunt Narcissa's story and there wasn't much. Vance didn't ask him about when Bellatrix had been in St. Mungo's, but then Aunt Narcissa hadn't mentioned his presence.He called Daphne next, and similarly asked her about Easter. Daphne had to say her mother had not given any specific reason for writing to her about the raid, and she couldn't confirm it, but her mother had been friends with Aunt Narcissa and it was possible. She admitted she had met Narcissa at her mother's house and hadn't mentioned it, but she hadn't known the identity of the Death Eater who told her about the Bones raid, as they had met masked and cloaked. Narcissa had visited her mother before, once at Christmas with Sirius's knowledge.Sirius was asked to testify next, which took much longer, and Harry tuned out of the proceedings. He was torn between relief - it did not seem that Narcissa had been pretending to so much after all, and the reasons she had lied about her contact with Bellatrix actually made sense - and anxiety, because he did not know what Vance or the jury would think.He had to lean over and ask Hermione about the proceedings while the jury voted. She explained to him quietly that the Black court jury voted by ballot without discussion, and unanimity was not required in their verdict. The sheriff and the Lord of the House together could dismiss and replace a jury who voted against their preferences, and juries were only required for certain offenses. Hermione wasn't actually sure if treason was one, she thought Sirius could have executed or pardoned someone for treason against the house himself, but he had probably called the jury in order to make things look more transparent under the circumstances...Vance was going through the ballots, Aunt Narcissa tense. He put them down and breathed out, slowly, then stood. "The jury votes to acquit," he announced, and Harry felt weak with relief. "Lady Narcissa Black is cleared of all charges and excused from the court. The jury is also dismissed. The court will hear further petitions as they are brought..."Much of the audience stayed to argue out civil issues, but Harry, along with the rest of the family, went home. Sirius called down to the kitchens for champagne, and Winky appeared shortly to lecture Narcissa for not saying what was going on in the first place, apparently instantly aware of what had happened. Laughing, Narcissa toasted her and said to Sirius and Draco with apparently equal anxiety, "--can you forgive me for hiding things--"This felt private to Harry, who thought of Narcissa as family by now but was not exactly on the closest terms with her. He excused himself upstairs, followed by Hermione and Daphne.

As Tonks and Evelyn's wedding drew closer, last minute arrangements took over the house. Everyone, part of the family or not, was dragged in. (Even Dean's mothers were at one point enlisted to calm Evelyn down from hysterics over a last minute change to the plans for the ceremony.) Narcissa, released from house arrest at last, seemed to be enjoying herself, but she was the only one. Harry finalized his class schedule after exchanging letters with Ron. He also received the news that Cho had been appointed the Ravenclaw Quidditch Captain for her seventh year after Roger Davies’s graduation. This would be either great or terrible, but he congratulated her enthusiastically in his return letter regardless.Bad news and occasional victories were reported in the Daily Prophet nearly every day, and worse but unverified news circulated in rumors: several families had been attacked by Dementors, the Hogsmeade bookshop had been burned by Death Eaters, several spies in MLE had been uncovered and arrested. The Black wedding was the only large public event of the summer, with most affairs either postponed until times were better or held as very small events for security reasons - but the Blacks could not afford to show a lack of confidence in the new, female, halfblood and bisexual heir.On the morning of the wedding, Harry came downstairs to Aunt Andromeda and Remus jointly reading a headline announcing a failed assassination attempt on Minister Bones, which had nonetheless killed two Aurors in her guard. Aunt Andromeda was just sending her barn owl Arke out with a hastily written letter. Meanwhile, Tonks had her face in her hands across the table. When Harry sat down he could tell she had been crying.“Morning, Harry,” Tonks said hoarsely when he greeted her. “Sorry, it’s just - Ackerley was a friend of mine.” She lifted her head, smiling weakly. “I’m just glad Kingsley’s okay... Sirius, should we really risk Harry coming?” she asked.“If you’re asking me if I love it, no, but there are so many high value targets at the wedding it’s the one time I’m not that concerned about Voldemort seeking him out in particular,” Sirius said acerbically before Harry could comment. “Aunt Cassie and Aunt Dru are doing something to activate the ritual protection on the Little Hall, and it should be impossible to raise weapons against anyone of the Black family blood or under its care - that means foster children like him - so I think as long as nobody leaves the property it should be all right. I hope.”There was just enough time for Harry to get down some toast before he had to go upstairs again to change. While Wizarding weddings traditionally took place at sunset, for security reasons it had been decided they had better conduct this one in daylight, and the ceremony was supposed to start at noon. The family had to be at the hall several hours in advance. Harry went upstairs to change into his new dress robes, then checked on the others. Draco was fiddling with his jewelry, while Daphne was helping Hermione with her hair. Aunt Andromeda, coming down the stairs and seeing Harry already dressed, promptly commandeered him to come with her and help set up if he was dressed; “--And isn’t there anything we can do about that hair?”“I’ve tried,” Aunt Narcissa said, coming up the stairs the opposite way with arms full of parchment scrolls. “I think it may be cursed. Where’s Draco, he must be dressed by now, he always spends an hour more than he needs--”“Unlike anyone else we know,” Aunt Andromeda said.“Go shove your wand up your arse. DRACO, get down here!” Aunt Narcissa shouted. “Go help them decorate if you’re dressed!”The rest of the morning was a blur to Harry. He arranged chairs in a line with Draco, then charmed garlands to twine them. Then he helped move the feasting tables to the back of the hall where they would wait, pushed aside, until the wedding ceremony was over. Then he helped scrub the tables, which had been sitting in storage since Easter, with magic... Sirius arrived and was talking to Miles Vance, who looked faintly apprehensive. A troupe of Evelyn’s relatives were arriving, the elderly members along with Kingsley himself as the father of the bride being shown to the chairs... Daphne had arrived at some point and was chattering to a girl Harry didn’t know who looked like one of the Shacklebolts, linked arm-in-arm with Hermione, who was studying the roof beams...At some point there was nothing left to do, and Aunt Druella told him to take a spot in the congregation standing in wait. Harry checked his watch: it was now eleven-forty, and a sizable crowd had built up in the hall, formed into two groups with an open aisle in between. He slipped in to stand between Hermione and Daphne, who was chewing on her lip furiously. He noticed then that Daphne wasn’t wearing a veil, unlike the last wedding when he had craned to see her through the crowd, standing with Ulrike Selwyn and her sisters. Well, this wasn’t actually a church, was it?A hush fell over the crowd. Harry thought for a moment that the ceremony was starting early. Then he followed the gaze of the people around him, not to the far entrance but to the side door open for the arriving guests, and found Sirius leading Aunt Cassiopeia in veils. People had been talking about her reappearance for the last week and a half since the trial, and this instantly attracted attention. The silence was replaced by whispers. Harry heard Aunt Cassie's name from one direction, and from another, “It might explain why the family isn’t intimidated,” and then a burst of cheers interrupted the conversation. Twisting, Harry saw there was reason for it: the double doors at the far end of the hall had been thrown open, and the bridal parties had arrived.Tonks entered first, in the place of the Black groom. Harry knew there had been a lot of discussion about how exactly to organize this, as the last time a Black heir had been married outside a church had been the polygamous marriage of a twelfth century Black Lord to an eleven year old slave concubine, and all of the civil marriages conducted by the recent court, including the same sex ones, had been small and private. There were also many ceremonial elements of traditional Black weddings that most of the family wanted to get rid of because they were, as Sirius had put it, “Fucking horrid.” Harry had not really paid a lot of attention to the complicated staging arguments, and of course he had never been to a Black family wedding before, so he had no idea what was traditional and what wasn’t.Tonks looked confident and smooth as she came up the aisle, holding a white cane wrapped with garlands. There was no sign of her breakdown at breakfast, or that she was mourning the murder of a friend the previous night. She had paced the length of the hall out several times the night before so that she could count off the number of steps to the stage, and was now deemed by everyone no more likely than before to trip and fall on her face in front of the entire crowd. She was wearing black dress robes, the family colors, with silver trim and silver buttons down their length in front. She had kept her hair short - “It will remind them you were an Auror, anyway,” Aunt Andromeda had conceded, eventually - but darkened it to a purple that would look close to black from a distance.She was followed by a mix of attendants, much like Damian Nott and Angelica Parkinson last Christmas. Draco and Graeme, as the better known children who were legally Blacks, followed her immediately, in dark robes. Behind them were the Zeller twins, Fern and Jonquil, who had been made up to reinforce their similarity. Harry had last seen them at school, where they dressed in the same uniform as everyone else, which each of them modified separately, and wore their hair in different ways, and little jewelry. Now their resemblance to Aunt Andromeda and, more than her, Bellatrix and Sirius, whose coloring they shared, was intense. They both had curly black hair, although Jonquil’s was slightly straighter, and it fell down their backs dressed with flowers, and stood out starkly against their pale skin and silver robes. As they came closer, Harry saw that Fern had an excellent impression of Bellatrix's icy expression, while Jonquil was biting her lip with concentration as they walked in procession.Whispering picked up around him. Sirius acknowledging Gentian’s marriage to his grandfather and her children’s legitimacy had been news a week ago, and this was Fern and Jonquil’s first public appearance. A few rows off Harry heard someone whisper, “Dear Merlin, the Blacks are still inbreeding,” and his face went hot.“The granddaughters of a muggle, really,” someone whispered in a different direction, and twisting, Harry spotted a family he thought was called Gamp.Tonks reached the platform, and there was a brief fumble as her cane hit the edge instead of the steps. She was pretty good with the cane but had still only been practicing for a few months, and she faltered now, in front of an audience. For a moment they paused. Then Draco took her free arm as naturally as if they’d rehearsed it and guided her a foot left to the stairs, then stepped back so that she could climb them herself.Tonks’s party arrayed itself to one side of Miles Vance, and Harry looked at them for a moment. There was an immense tapestry embroidered with the Black crest draped over the front of the stage, which according to Aunt Druella had been used at numerous weddings before, including her own. But this party must be unlike any other acknowledged by the Black family at a wedding. Of course people in the crowd were whispering, Harry thought, with a mix of anger, pride, and spite. But they had shown up.The doors at the far end were pulled wide again, and the crowd hushed as Evelyn Shacklebolt entered the room.Her dress was silver, like Fern and Jonquil, but otherwise it was completely unlike the well-made but plain silver dress robes the girls were wearing. Most of the outer layer of Evelyn's dress was made of cloth of silver, which - Harry had overheard her complaining - had had to be charmed weightless so that it didn’t leave deep bruises in her skin. The bodice was heavily embroidered with silver thread, and there were embroidered panels set into the skirt at the hem and knee, so that the skirt rippled slowly with its own swing as she walked. The silver shone in the torchlight and the beams of sunlight that lit the hall. Evelyn’s dreadlocks hung to her waist, flashing and sparkling oddly until Harry realized they had been fitted with silver and onyx beads, matching the onyx and silver belt to the dress. Over her hair was fastened a veil, lace embroidered in silver and set with onyx beads in a pattern. It must have been anchored heavily and perhaps charmed as well, for it fanned out behind her and trailed for at least six feet on the floor.The crowd had gone silent, watching. Evelyn was pretty - Harry had noticed that when he first met her, more than a year ago at the Boneses’ - but the dress, the candlelight mixed with sunlight, and the way she was beaming, nervously, up the hall at Tonks made her easily among the most beautiful women he had seen in his life. Most of the audience looked equally stunned.Evelyn also had attendants, although they were far enough back not to impede the veil: there were Jonquil and Fern’s female cousins, Rose and Tansy, who were twelve and ten, and several of Evelyn’s cousins as well, who Harry didn’t know.There was an odd shift of uncertainty when Evelyn reached the platform. This was the part there had been long discussions about, and it was clear that no one felt confident of what came next. Evelyn went up the steps, Tansy and Rose holding her train behind her along with the unfamiliar Shacklebolt girls, and stood across from Tonks. There was an odd, awkward silence, before Miles Vance stepped up to the front of the stage and began to speak, his voice magnified with magic.“On behalf of the House of Black, I welcome you to the Honor Court of the House to celebrate an unusual marriage.” Murmuring filled the crowd again, some approving, some less than pleased. “Marriage,” Miles went on with more confidence “Is two things: a sacrament, and a legal bond between individuals and families. As for sacraments, I am not qualified to speak, but legal ties are the business of the court. The purpose of marriage, then, in our society, is to bring together two people, and to tie together their families. These ties bind and support us all; they create the framework for love to grow in matrimony, and together with that love, the shelter for family life and the support of children.“Therefore, I am honored to have the privilege of standing before you to announce and recognize the marital union of Nymphadora Bellatrix Black,” he said, and murmurs broke out. Harry could see Tonks’s face go very still in an attempt not to wince and wasn’t sure which part of her name had caused it. Vance continued, “And Evelyn Ansithe Shacklebolt. May God protect and strengthen your union and your Houses; may God have mercy on us all.” That seemed to be the end of his remarks. He turned at the end of this speech and took a cup from the table behind him, offering it first to Tonks and then to Evelyn. Harry vaguely remembered a lot of blessings happening around this point with the cup at the Nott wedding, but instead Tonks and Evelyn joined hands, and their wrists were knotted together with ribbon. Then Vance put his wand to their clasped hands, and curls of blue light joined the black and silver ribbons.The room was quiet for a moment, people exchanging looks. Harry heard someone behind him whisper, “Is that it?”“There isn’t exactly going to be a mass, is there?” someone else murmured back, caustic but not exactly hostile. Harry recognized this as the voice of one of the Black tenants, a Mrs. Pepper.“Don’t be rude,” a third voice said from Mrs. Pepper's other side.The light faded, and Tonks and Evelyn rose carefully, hands still tied together. Sirius, who was seated in the front row, stood and came to the stage to stand with them. He pointed his wand to his throat and said, “Thank you everyone for your attendance today, and I want to express my best wishes for Nymphadora and Evelyn.” Harry definitely saw Tonks wince that time. “Most of you will already know this, but I’ve formally acknowledged Nymphadora, the child of my cousin Andromeda, as my legal heir. As first of the next generation she is also default heir by Black internal law. Therefore I present to you the heir to the House of Black, Nymphadora Black, and her wife, Evelyn Shacklebolt Black.” He paused here, and there was a beat of silence before a ragged cheer emerged from the crowd. Even several people Harry had heard making sarcastic remarks applauded. This was obviously a familiar script, if not necessarily a wedding one. He hastily joined in.“Thank you,” Sirius called as the cheers died down. “I invite you all to stay and dine - and dance - on the hospitality of the House of Black. All are welcome; all will be fed; and the House will not close until the last guests clear the threshold.” Another cheer erupted, this one apparently spontaneous. Sirius looked mildly surprised, then smiled and moved out of the way.Tonks and Evelyn led the way back down the aisle to the end of the hall where Aunt Narcissa was floating the tables out. Evelyn glanced around for the head table where the bride and groom would sit, then leaned over to whisper in Tonks’s ear before they started out, hands still bound together.“The usual Black ceremony leaves them tied together all night,” Aunt Andromeda said, coming to find Harry, Hermione and Daphne in the audience. “Although I don’t think it’s actually been used in a while, since most of the House weddings in recent years have joined people who might have killed each other... It’s a good sign for the House that that’s not a problem this time. Come on, you’re all fosterlings of the house, you don’t have to sit at the head table but at the head of the children’s one, yes.”This part was very like the Nott wedding, although Harry thought nearly everyone was going lighter on the alcohol. That might have just been the fact that this wedding had started much earlier on the day, but security concerns were probably also a factor. There was one major improvement: unlike the Notts, Sirius had invited the Weasleys, and Ron came to join Harry, Hermione and Daphne at the table quickly, allowing him and Harry to get caught up in person. Ron told Harry and Hermione, rolling his eyes, about his mother's continued efforts to get Fred and George to even attempt to obtain a "respectable job," and more cheerfully that Bill had taken a desk job at Gringotts to help Dumbledore with politics, and was coming over every week for Sunday lunch. Harry and Hermione caught Ron up on the weekly drama of several dozen house guests packed into Grimmauld Place in turn.Watching the room, Harry thought that there was a subtle but detectable difference from the only other Wizarding wedding he had been to, and for that matter from Emmeline Vance’s funeral last summer. People tended to stay clustered in small groups, watching others warily. As dinner wore on, the clumps broke up slowly or combined, although discussion remained subdued. The Black adults circulated throughout the room, speaking to guests, joining one group then another, with the exception of Aunt Cassiopeia, along with Marius, who Harry hadn’t seen at first. They were seated together in a corner, talking quietly. Aunt Cassiopeia had food in front of her and seemed to be eating somehow under the elbow length black veils, but Harry couldn’t quite see how she was managing it. They were attracting a lot of stares but ignoring it.The diners were allowed to linger over dinner much longer than at the Notts’, but several hours in, the food vanished and the tables were floated again to the walls. Tonks and Evelyn opened the dancing, and Daphne jumped up quickly after, as did a number of other relatively young people. Ron laughingly asked Hermione if he could still dance with her if he promised not to ask her out after, but Harry stayed off the floor. His jaw felt tense from waiting for something to happen, and he didn’t feel much like having everyone’s eyes on him. Instead he went looking for Sirius, or anyone else he knew who wasn’t on the floor, but when he found Sirius he froze: Sirius and Remus were sitting together, which was predictable, but what was not was the third person in their cluster of chairs: Professor Snape.Snape was so changed that Harry nearly hadn’t recognized him, in fact. Obviously having permanently resigned his teaching job had done him a lot of good. His hair seemed to actually be clean for a change, and he was wearing sedate but less ominous looking dark blue robes. In fact he was not even scowling, but gesturing with his wine cup, apparently trying to explain something. He also, terrifyingly, appeared to be rather drunk."Harry!" said Sirius, turning towards him as he approached, looking pleased. "I was looking for you earlier!"“Sit down, Potter,” Snape drawled in a familiar tone, despite not having looked in Harry’s direction since he approached. “I am hardly about to bite. You may prevent violence from being done.”“I wouldn’t say that was a serious concern on our behalf,” Remus said mildly, but nodded to Harry, who, feeling rather as though he had just been taken prisoner, drew up an empty chair and sat. “Severus was just getting around to asking his question, I believe.”Harry tried to process the fact that Remus had just called Snape ‘Severus’ and had not been promptly cursed and was unable to come up with any explanation for this set of facts. Instead he arranged his face to look politely inquisitive and hoped they would soon forget he was there.“Don’t overdo it,” Snape snapped, then pinched the bridge of his nose with his off hand. “I am trying--” he said, and stopped.“Trying?” Sirius prompted with a too innocent expression.Snape glared at him. “I am trying,” he said heavily, “To ask - oh, damn it, I came over here because I cannot possibly offend either of you more even if I were actively trying--”“You often have,” remarked Remus so mildly Harry nearly did not realize what he had said.Snape snorted. “Narcissa,” he said, and Harry looked up, thinking she had come over. But no, she was still standing clear across the hall, talking to an unfamiliar woman with thick, graying braids wrapped around her head. “She asked - I do not know if she told you this, but I suppose you aren’t foolish enough to object--”“Categorically no, unless it involves someone’s murder,” Sirius said.Snape glowered and said, angrily, “She asked me to marry her.”There was a beat of horrified silence.“Had she been drinking?” Sirius said.“That,” Snape said, gesturing with the wine cup to punctuate it, “Is nearly precisely what I asked her, Black. But no. She told me quite clearly that she wishes to be married - God knows why - and for some profoundly unknowable reason she feels the suitable person is me. She said that she was, in fact, relieved to be able to ask, as with her - condition - she is no longer able to marry for politics...” He paused here.“Aha,” Remus said, as though he had just understood something.Sirius turned to him with a baffled look. “Explain it to me, then, Moony.”“What are you, twelve?” Snape said.Remus ignored both comments. “If you hadn’t wanted to do it,” he said to Snape, “I think you would have turned her down directly. Instead you’ve approached us - me - because you want to marry her, I believe, but you want to discuss her lycanthropy honestly first with someone you are not afraid of angering, because Sirius and I can hardly detest you more. Is that it?”“Watch your words,” Snape said furiously, which Harry took to mean he could not actually object to any of it. After a moment of Remus’s regard he said, “Fine. Yes. You’re correct. I am, as I am sure you have determined, terrified of werewolves, since your idiotic teenage conspiracy put me within reach of your jaws, and now I find I no longer wish to be.”“Mind that I had no idea you'd actually follow us, but the worst that would have happened anyway,” said Sirius, studying his nails, “Most likely is that he would have bitten you and you’d have had the exactly same problems as him--”“Oh, is that all?” Snape snarled.“Sirius,” Remus said, laying a hand on his shoulder, Sirius subsided. “Perhaps you could go and get Harry something to drink, since he arrived empty handed?” Remus suggested gently.Sirius looked dubiously between the three of them but nodded curtly and rose. “I’ll be back momentarily,” he said.When he was out of earshot, Remus looked at Snape again. “I will attempt to be civil, in part because of Harry, if you will do the same,” he said. “I am - truly - sorry for my friends’ idiocy. I would not wish this condition on anyone. It is painful, the rejection of society is more painful still, and it often shortens lifespan, particularly in those without access to good medical care, which is nearly all of us. Lycanthropy is not, and should not, be a punishment. Furthermore, whatever the statistics may say, there is never a guarantee that a werewolf attack will not end in a death; encountering one in a confined space while panicked and ready to attack was particularly likely to result in your death - or mine.” He paused, then said, “I cannot believe you really believe Sirius was making a premeditated attempt to murder you, among other things because you and your friends frequently did conspire to commit murder at that age. You know - and knew in fifth year - perfectly well what bait for a prearranged trap looks like, and you know that Sirius making a snide remark when we caught you following us does not qualify. I cannot imagine, now, why you followed me, nor why you chose to do it on the full moon, but that choice was yours, not his - unlike the students you and your fellow Death Eaters ambushed."Snape was silent for a time, glaring, and Harry feared what he would say; but eventually he said, “I - regret - my actions, and what I watched my friends do, as well,” stiffly.“You had questions?” Remus said, voice quite light again.Snape bit his lip and studied his wine cup; he said at length, “You understand I have tried to research the matter myself, but texts on lycanthropy are... notoriously unreliable. The problem is not too little information but too much, nearly all false...”“I will not laugh,” Remus said. “Harry, I believe you agree?”“Er, of course,” Harry said hastily.“There is truly no risk of transmission in human form?”Remus hesitated. “There is no risk of transmission of full lycanthropy,” he said. “There have been accounts - and they are not well understood - of attacks in human form resulting in minor changes. Nothing overly alarming you understand, changes in dietary habits towards preference for meat, especially raw, much like lycanthropes in human form, and superficial and very minor appearance changes like those which appear in a minority of werewolves, changes in eye color and teeth - I show none of these myself. It appears possible that some kind of human-to-human transmission occurs, but it seems to only be able to spread the dormant form of the virus. And every case reported of partial transmission from human form was a deliberate attack. There’s been speculation that malicious intent is required, but I don’t know that that makes sense to me, since wolves do not have malicious intent, generally.”“When you say attack?” Snape said apprehensively.Remus shrugged. “The main cases I’m aware of relate to Greyback. This may actually be some mutant variety of the curse as it is present in him - and Frangipani is from a different strain, so Narcissa should be as well - but in any case they all involved significant damage. Some of his victims said he actually drew blood with his teeth, others that it was with a knife or some other weapons compounded by him biting or licking the wounds, apparently to terrorize. The reports are not too coherent and they may be simply wrong. I wouldn’t recommend you allow Narcissa to bite you to the point of breaking the skin, but sexual intercourse doesn’t seem to be a risk if that’s your concern.”Snape had been listening tautly until the last sentence, which made him jerk his head up and open his mouth, then stop.“We are discussing marriage,” Remus said mildly. “Let me see, what else... Historically female werewolves have generally not been able to carry children to term but it appears possible Wolfsbane will change that - analysis for whether it is safe to use in pregnancy is ongoing and you are probably more capable of judging it than me. Inheritance from the father is claimed to occur in a minority of cases but there isn’t good enough statistical data to judge how common it is. Guesses as to whether lycanthropy can be transmitted through pregnancy are only guesses now... Did you have other concerns?”Snape hesitated. “About the claims of personality changes...” he said, reluctantly.“I was young enough that I can’t give you a personal judgment, but I think they’re unprovable.” Remus shrugged. “Obtaining a stigmatized, painful illness, ostracism from society and loss of a career will all change someone’s personality. Narcissa has changed a great deal in the last few  years before this, but she does not seem noticeably so different to me since June. And frankly, she was always a sadistic, homicidal psychopath, so even the most dubious claims probably would not change much about her if true. Do you disagree?”“No,” Snape said, reluctantly. “Very well - I see Black is returning. I’ll leave you to him,” he said, scooped up his wine cup, and departed very abruptly.“Here you go,” Sirius said a moment later, handing over a tankard of butterbeer to Harry. “Run off, has he? Changed his mind?”“I can’t say,” Remus said mildly, “But he was asking questions about transmission and personality changes, so I think he is considering it. Please tell me you aren’t going to try to stop them if he agrees.”“Narcissa would kill me and Aunt Cassie would dig me up and finish me off if I tried to ban her marrying a man she wanted,” Sirius said, shrugging. “Mind, I can’t say much for her taste--”“My mother was going to,” Harry blurted out.Sirius looked up and blinked. “What?” he said.“I - saw them talking about it, during Legilimency lessons,” Harry said quietly, “And she mentioned it in a few of her journals. So if you think Aunt Narcissa’s tasteless...”“No, I - I’m sorry, Harry,” Sirius said after taking a hasty gulp from his cup. “I didn’t mean it. Snape and I are never going to be on easy terms, that’s all.”“You’ll have to get along if your Acting Lady marries him,” Remus said mildly. “I imagine she’ll want to adopt him into the House.”“He’d never agree,” Sirius said. “I think our parents and Bellatrix are the only people who've ever lived that he detests more than me. I should suggest it to him,” he said, looking suddenly cheerier, “I can say it's a solution to him being in hiding after leaving Voldemort - He’ll hate it - excuse me--”“Don’t get into a duel,” Remus said, hand over his eyes.“I wouldn’t do that to Tonks this soon,” Sirius said.“On your own head be it,” Remus muttered into his hand. Sirius, smiling, leaned over to kiss it before he went, fortunately in a different direction from Snape.Gradually, the party goers relaxed as no attack was forthcoming, although Harry was able to spot a number of familiar people posted around the doors and in places with good sight lines, clearly sober. Not much time after he left Remus, Cho finally found him, apologizing because she had been occupied helping watch her little sisters and cousins. They kissed and Cho dragged him up to dance with a laughing apology, but since there were more people on the floor now Harry felt less embarrassed. They danced together for three songs, then got into an argument about the upcoming Hogwarts Quidditch Cup, from which Cho was extracted by her little sister, with a grimaced apology to Harry.Looking for somewhere to sit down again, Harry spotted his cousin Dillena at a table with an elderly dark-skinned woman. He and Dillena had written last winter, and met earlier in the summer. After Amelia had become Minister, she had dismissed the man Fudge had apparently appointed to handle the Potter lands until Harry came of age and appointed Dillena instead, who was married but had been born Dillena Potter and was Harry's second cousin. "Good afternoon," he said, fumbling the greeting slightly but bowing to them both as he had been taught. "May I sit--""Go ahead, Harry," Dillena said, laughing and waving a hand, "You haven't met my grandmother, I think? Mrs. Isolde Shacklebolt Edgecombe, my mother Elicia Potter's mother. Grandmother, this is Harry Potter--""Charmed," the elderly Mrs. Edgecombe said, smiling toothily at Harry, but in the next moment she glanced up and said, "Oh, I see Mr. Lovett's looking for card players, I'd better go and see if they need a fourth--""Grandmother hates political arguments," Dillena said when her grandmother had gone, "She always finds somewhere else to be, says all Britons are lunatics and that's all there is to it.""She's right," said Harry without thinking.Dillena snorted. "She's not wrong, anyway," she said, and poured a glass of wine for Harry from the decanter on the table. "How's your summer going? Picked your N.E.W.T. classes yet?""Sirius suggested I should take Wardcraft," Harry said. "Of the new ones, I mean..."They spent a few minutes talking about the coming school year, and Dillena's son Colin, who was entering fourth year and had changed classes. Then Dillena said, "While you're here, I wanted to talk to you about the muster.""Right," said Harry, who knew roughly what was happening on the Potter lands now but still had little idea how Dillena made the decisions. Sirius said she was trustworthy and reasonably good at her job, which was a relief, since it meant Harry didn't have to handle everything alone when he turned seventeen. "How's that going?""Well, we've had fewer casualties than a lot of the neighboring houses, and I think it's also helped people feel more in control. I understand why Sirius can't do it - half his people would support the Death Eaters and there would be no good way to tell which was which - but I've been talking to some of our other allies, like Musica Carrow, and Adrian Pucey, and our people who are helping the Ministry should be joined by reinforcements soon.""Well, that's good," said Harry, who still never knew how to handle these conversations. "If the Ministry falls to Voldemort, that would be a bit of a problem.""True," said Dillena with a half-smile. "You're still seeing Cho Chang, I saw?""Yeah, but she doesn't want to make any decisions about marriage yet," said Harry firmly."All right," said Dillena, shaking her head as though baffled, but indulgent. "Let me know if she changes her mind or you break up - Hello, Mr. Black.""Mrs. MacDougal," said Sirius, bowing. "I apologize, but I need to borrow Harry for a minute if you don't mind--"“Of course,” she said, inclining her head gracefully.Harry followed Sirius back to Aunt Cassiopeia’s corner. Marius had gone at some point. In his place was Amelia Bones, who looked exhausted. Harry belatedly remembered the Daily Prophet's report in that morning's paper of an assassination attempt. Accompanying them was a stately witch who gave the impression, like Professor McGonagall or Aunt Cassiopeia herself, of being quite old despite very few signs of aging in her face. She had thick, dark brown hair fastened in a knot below her hat. While her face was less round than Aunt Cassiopeia’s, her gray eyes had a similar wide setting, and Harry had a sudden guess as to who she was.“Harry,” Aunt Cassiopeia said calmly from beneath her heavy veils, “Allow me to present my daughter, Director of the Department of Mysteries Antandre Nott Selwyn. Antandre, my grand-nephew’s ward, Harry Potter.”“A pleasure,” Director Nott said thoughtfully, and to his surprise, she offered a hand to shake.So this, Harry thought as he accepted, was Aunt Cassie’s Death Eater daughter, who had come around and voted for Amelia Bones in order to support her long-lost birth mother. For the first time he wondered how Voldemort had reacted to this news, and whether Director Nott had gone when he summoned his Death Eaters at last in the spring. He supposed she hadn’t or Voldemort probably would have killed her for the vote.“Director Nott has been telling us,” said Amelia, unhappily, “About a problem we may need your assistance with.” She glanced at Aunt Cassie. “She’s received a tip - how much does he know?” she asked Aunt Cassiopeia.“Antandre has declared an amnesty within her department for Death Eaters who are willing to follow her away from Riddle,” Aunt Cassiopeia said calmly. “Others she is aware of - which is not everyone, most of them always met masked - are being watched, but Minister Bones has agreed to give them a few weeks’ grace period - closely monitored - to decide. One of those who came forward provided Antandre with a tip we are discussing. Riddle currently endeavors to retrieve the copy of the prophecy regarding your birth from within the Department of Mysteries.”Here Director Nott picked up. “Security for the Department’s most classified projects is atomized - that is, it’s kept locked down except for the employees who actually manage the project. There’s enough redundancy that we don’t risk losing the keys, but even I need an excuse to ask about a project I don’t use and the request will be recorded. When I received this tip I requisitioned the security information, which we don’t believe the Dark Lord has yet obtained. The Hall of Prophecies’ contents can only be removed by the subjects of a prophecy - or at least by the people the employees have identified as the subjects. Therefore the prophecy must be removed by you, or by the Dark Lord. Any other who touched it would be severely cursed.”“We discussed whether this was useful as a trap,” Amelia said. “But frankly I’m not comfortable luring Voldemort into the Ministry in the first place, let alone the Accursed Department - no offense intended there,” she said wryly.Director Nott smiled slowly, cat-like. “We generally take the nickname as a compliment,” she said. Then, briskly, she went on, “The contents of the Department are extremely dangerous and a battle there would be lunacy for Britain and quite possibly the world. I agree, knowing that the Dark Lord intends to break in, and that he will have to either kidnap Harry Potter or come himself, the best thing we can do is remove the prophecy and either give general notice that it has been either destroyed or leak the information that it was relocated. Since the Unspeakable who gave this tip will be relocated anyway and under house arrest until the end of the war, it will be easy to have them report this and then stage their death. But,” she went on, looking at Harry, “We cannot remove the prophecy without your cooperation, Mr. Potter.”“Oh,” said Harry, who was happy to know what was going on for a change but had been wondering why people beyond the Blacks were trusting him with it. “I mean, I’d be happy to,” he said, after looking at Sirius and getting an encouraging nod. “When do you want me to come?”“We will contact you once arrangements are made,” Amelia said, and shot another unhappy look between Director Nott and Aunt Cassiopeia. Harry wondered how much of this she had actually known about before the wedding, and whether Aunt Cassiopeia had come in order to intervene during the meeting in the first place."Excuse me," said an unfamiliar voice. Harry looked up and saw an unfamiliar woman approaching. She was elderly, and the braids showing under her loose veil and hat were black at the ends, but steel gray from the chest up. But her gray eyes were equally steely. She looked, Harry thought, a great deal like Aunt Cassiopeia should have, with a similarly round face and slight build, although her jaw was squarer and her eyes less startlingly wide. "I did think that was you--""Irma!" said Aunt Cassiopeia, more surprised than Harry had ever seen her, and she lifted her veils for the first time in magical public to kiss the woman's cheek."My darling," said Irma. "I did think Poll would have killed himself before harming a hair on your head - he was always rather more in love with you than me, I think.""Well, you were right," said Aunt Cassie. "I was so glad to hear you were safely back in Britain - my brother's first wife, and the mother of his first three children," she added, turning to speak to Sirius, Amelia, Director Nott and Harry, "Lady Irma Crabbe. They divorced when the children were very young.""I couldn't bear to live in the house with Arcturus any longer and Poll refused to run away with me," Irma said. "Mind, he was terrified - I'd married him very young as part of a deal between my mother and my uncle that my uncle wouldn't murder me for my inheritance if I renounced it, and once I was divorced that was up in the air. I had to leave the country for quite some time.""Irma is our cousin," Cassiopeia added, head turned slightly to her empty right side, then amended, "My cousin," as though she had only just remembered her brother was not present but was in fact dead. "Our mothers were sisters.""When the young Head Benedict had a breakdown as a result of his actions in the war I was recalled to hold the family in his stead," Irma said. "Unfortunately most of the children share his previous political sympathies - idiots - but I keep them in line as I can. I'd better go now, dear, but please do write now you're admitting you're alive," she said, turning, and then abruptly stopped, her gaze fixed somewhere over Amelia’s shoulder. Aunt Cassiopeia lifted her chin and inhaled, sharply.“What is it?” Amelia said, not moving.“In the green veil,” said Irma.“Bella,” Aunt Cassiopeia said. “--Don’t--”It was too late. Amelia was already turning, drawing her wand. Harry spotted the woman in the green veil readily now that she was pointed out. She stood alone, watching the dancing, the way several other veiled woman at the edges of the audience were. But as Amelia turned to point her wand she reacted, instantly, although she hadn’t seemed to look, turning to face her and--Lifting a hand, open and empty?Aunt Cassiopeia swore foully. Red light erupted from Amelia’s wand, but instead of striking it slowed, impossibly. Golden light streamed from torches, lit when the sun grew low in the sky, and now it collected, solidifying into shimmering beams that caged the spell until it dissipated harmlessly into a twinkling fog.The hall had gone dead silent. Bellatrix, who Harry could recognize readily by her height and movement now that she had been pointed out, flipped her veil back to horrified gasps, and smiled, with a tiny shrug. “The Little Hall was built on ground sacred to the Blacks,” she pronounced dispassionately, eyes showing how amused she was. “Someone invoked the protections for the wedding. No one of the family blood can be harmed here.”Other wands were being drawn, people moving in front of their children. Harry drew his own, belatedly, and dropped back. Aunt Cassiopeia had stood, too, and moved in front of him along with Sirius. He scanned the crowd for Hermione and Daphne, not to mention Draco and Cho and Ron, but couldn’t identify them before someone moved and he looked frantically back towards Bellatrix again--In time to see Aunt Druella, wearing resplendent purple and unveiled, stride to the center of the room to face her. “Bella,” she said, evenly.“Mother.” Bellatrix inclined her head without ever lowering her eyes from her mother. She would know how dangerous Druella Rosier Black would be in a duel.“What are your intentions here?” Aunt Druella said, coming even with her.Bellatrix raised one heavily arched brow. “I can’t attend my niece’s wedding, Mother?”Director Nott muttered an oath and said, quietly, “She’s making a point that you can’t keep her out, you know.”“Let Aunt Druella handle it,” Sirius said tersely.“The blood protections have been invoked and renewed,” Aunt Druella said, loudly. “No one of the blood can be harmed in this Hall - or anyone under their protection, as all of the wedding guests are. It seems we must honor our word and welcome all comers - but neither will you be allowed, or able, to harm another guest, Bella.”Director Nott exhaled heavily. Aunt Cassiopeia gave a tiny nod.Bellatrix looked mildly surprised. Then she nodded. “I intend no bloodshed,” she said, hesitating, and turned her head, searching through the crowd. Her eyes stopped on Sirius. “As I will vow if my House’s lord will consent to bind it...?”“Watch Harry,” Sirius said out of the side of his mouth to Aunt Cassie, who nodded curtly. Then he strode forward, saying flatly “Kneel and vow,” and offering the ring on his left hand as though it were a knife he was pointing.Bellatrix went to her knees readily. It was clearly a motion she had a lot of practice with. She took Sirius’s hand and said, almost lazily, “My honor, life and magic upon it. I come in peace and will go in peace on this night, the sixteenth of August.”“You’ll go before midnight,” Sirius said.“I will leave before midnight and shed no blood as I go,” Bellatrix said, and kissed the ring smoothly. Harry had not really been studying the magic and didn’t have a good view anyway, but he felt something ease in the magic in the room and knew that the vow had been sealed.Sirius stepped back. “Then rise,” he said, resignedly. “The Hall is open to all its guests,” he said, and turned. “If we could get the music started again after the theatrics..?”Aunt Cassie let out a breath. Director Nott relaxed in her chair, slowly. “Well,” Amelia said, voice colored with displeasure as she slid her wand back up her sleeve, “He handled that neatly enough.”“It’s reassuring to see in someone his age,” Irma said.Aunt Cassiopeia turned towards Harry and said quietly, “Half of the battle last war was won when it became unsafe to publicly defy Voldemort. People stopped expressing opinions in public, or acting against him too openly, for fear they’d be dragged out of their beds at night and murdered, or cut down in their workplaces or on the street. Whether Bellatrix attacked the wedding or not, coming here would show the Blacks couldn’t fulfill promises we’ve made to protect people as hosts. But this - forcing a lieutenant of Riddle’s to swear she’s here in peace and to behave civilly at a function Riddle can’t publicly endorse - turns the tables, unless she drops the protections before midnight.”“Which she will not,” Aunt Druella said, coming up to take Sirius’s vacated chair. “I don’t doubt she could get them down if she tried, but if she’d been collecting information after we renewed them we’d know, and she hasn’t, and she absolutely cannot determine how to get them down in the next four hours before that vow will drag her out.”Aunt Cassiopeia nodded. “I wouldn’t use them this way again, but...” Her head followed Bellatrix as she moved through the crowd.It looked as though a couple of members of the band that had been playing had Disapparated during the confrontation or else were hiding. After a long pause, a woman came up to speak to Sirius, then accepted his hand up to the platform and turned to speak to the two band members still present. Harry, blinking, recognized Agrimony when her face came into view. Bellatrix, who had gone to get wine with a funny expression, half-resigned and half amused, looked up at and seemed to recognize her at once.At that moment the remaining musicians struck their opening chord. Sirius pointed his wand to Agrimony’s throat, apparently at her request, then stepped away, and Agrimony began to sing: “Cold blows the wind tonight, sweetheart...”Her voice was almost eerie in its beauty. Just like veela glamour, but less deceptive, it dominated the room instantly. Aunt Cassiopeia inhaled. Amelia winced. Director Nott raised her eyebrows and said, simply, “Interesting choice of message.”Harry opened his mouth to ask, but Aunt Cassiopeia raised a hand, and he had a sort of answer in the next part of the song as Agrimony reached it: “The very first love that ever I had, in greenwood he was slain. I’ll do as much for my sweetheart as any young woman may; I’ll sit and mourn on his grave-side a twelve-month and a day...”The wedding had gone quiet, melancholy instead of shocked. Harry saw guests’ heads bowed, and people digging handkerchiefs out of their pockets. He didn’t find Bellatrix again until Agrimony reached a verse in which the dead lover’s ghost warned the mourner that she would die if he granted her her kiss. Then Harry spotted Bellatrix not far from the stage, staring at Agrimony, lips fixed. He couldn’t tell in the half-light whether she was furious or simply gutted.But at the end of the song, Bellatrix rose, bowed to Agrimony, and Disapparated with a loud pop.

The usual rush to get to the train on time was compounded by the number of students returning and the vagaries of Grimmauld Place. The house nearly made them all late while Daphne cajoled her wardrobe into opening so she could retrieve her forgotten winter cloak and Hermione tried to find Crookshanks among the nearly infinite rooms. No one was lingering long on the platform, and families arrived in large, defensive groups. “You’d better get on the train,” said Sirius, although he leaned over to hug Harry quickly as he said it. “--Don’t linger here, there are protections on the Hogwarts Express... Have a good term...”“See you at Christmas,” Harry said, and lugged his trunk and Hedwig’s cage up to the train.“We’d better find a compartment,” said Hermione breathlessly behind him, floating her trunk with Crookshanks’s basket atop it. “--Are you two coming with us?”“I need to go find Tracey,” Daphne said, levitating her own trunk. “Draco?”“Pansy,” Draco said, lips set tight. “--I suppose I should say hello to Hannah if I see her, too,” he added, unenthusiastically, and headed off into the train.Daphne, hanging back, glanced over her shoulder and exchanged significant glances with Hermione. “That’s not going well, then?” Harry said.“It’s political,” Daphne said as though that explained anything, and, “We’ll find out now that they’re back in the same castle all year. I really do need to find Tracey, see you at dinner!”Harry and Hermione made their way down the train with their trunks until they found an empty compartment, where they stowed their luggage and Hermione let Crookshanks out of his basket. Harry was just digging in his bag for something to do when the door flung open, and in came Ron.“Don’t you have the Prefect meeting?” Hermione said disapprovingly.Ron dropped his trunk, panting, and shook his head. Then he pointed to his blank chest. “I turned my badge in,” he said.“Why?” Harry said loudly.“Because, Hermione,” he said, looking at her, “You were right all those times last year you said I wasn’t doing my job, and Parvati was about ready to kill me. I’m a terrible Prefect. I went to Professor McGonagall at the end of last year and said--”“What, that you were awful at it?” Harry asked.Ron shook his head. “I said I was having trouble keeping up with my O.W.L.s last year and I wanted to do well on N.E.W.T.s so she wouldn’t argue. She asked if I was sure but she let me give it up in the end. I don’t know who she’s going to pick - I thought it might be you, Harry, until you got your letter and you said you were Quidditch Captain instead--”Harry shook his head. None of the boys in their year in Gryffindor were exactly excellent students. “I guess we’ll find out at dinner,” he said.“When are you going to hold tryouts, you think?” Ron asked.“I’ll have to talk to Professor McGonagall about it,” Harry pointed out. “Suppose it’ll be next weekend, though... We should talk to Katie.”“Yeah,” Ron said. “She’s the only other senior player, isn’t she?” he said, as though he was just realizing it. “Angelina and the twins graduated, and Alicia...”Hermione gave an annoyed huff and dug a book out of her bag. Harry grinned at her and she sighed theatrically, but opened it looking happier.“Yeah, we’re going to have to fill four positions,” Harry said to Ron. “--I mean, we should probably get reserves together, shouldn’t we?” He remembered that Ginny had nearly had to play Seeker in his place last spring. “Slytherin always has spare players when someone’s out...”“Well, there are more of them than us, aren’t there?” Ron said.“Not that many more,” Harry said, trying to tally up all of the Slytherins in their year in his head.“Not in our year, really,” Ron said. “But the years above us that were born during the war, and the next couple, too, from right after. Charlie said Gryffindor always played with a full reserve when he was a new player, but by the time he was captain he couldn’t fill half the spots... There should be more Gryffindors now, though...”“Yeah, so I’ll have to have reserve tryouts too,” Harry said, frowning, and hoping Katie would have thoughts about how to manage this new organizational structure. Well, flying drills and practice games with more players couldn’t be too hard... And the Hogwarts library had books with plays and drills listed, he would have to go and look as soon as possible...It was nice to worry about something unrelated to the war, or politics, for a change. Harry and Ron found Katie after the snack trolley came by, where she was sitting in a mixed-house group of seventh year girls. They discussed scheduling, although since none of them had their class schedules yet it was mostly speculative. Katie agreed that trying to put together official reserves was a good idea, and said she would spread the word that Gryffindor would be trying out reserves in all positions as well as the vacant Beater and Chaser spots.As afternoon came and turned to evening, Harry, Ron and Hermione caught up with other classmates. Cho came to see Harry and they had a good-natured argument about whose Quidditch team would be better.(“All three members you have left,” said Cho.“I’d bet on any seven Gryffindors any day,” Harry retorted.)Several other classmates stopped by to ask after their summers, although several had obvious other motives: Bellatrix’s visit to the Black family wedding, as well as the mysterious protections that had prevented her from harming anyone, were brought up several times by classmates who were disappointed each time by Hermione’s retort that the spells would be useless if everyone knew about them. Many people were upset about Quality Quidditch Supplies, which had burned over the summer in an attack on Diagon Alley, and it was not necessarily out of concern for the employees.They also found out, as the sun began to set, who had replaced Ron as the Gryffindor sixth year boys’ Prefect: Neville.“Huh,” said Harry, when Neville had gone.“Well, he’s the only one of us who actually follows school rules...” said Ron.“Neville will be a perfectly good Prefect,” said Hermione. Harry and Ron looked at her in surprise. “Which of us,” she said, exasperated, “Actually has the time to worry whenever someone’s upset?”“Well, Parvati will be happy,” Ron said cheerfully.The three of them boarded one of the thestral-drawn carriages together, and Harry thought that for once, something was going normally: he and Ron and Hermione were together again after spending the train ride together, heading up to school. Perhaps now that Ron and Hermione had gotten dating over with things would be easier...He settled into the window of the carriage, listening to his friends argue about whether N.E.W.T.s absolutely required a homework planner and an immediate study schedule or Hermione was mental and going to have a breakdown a week into term. Harry stoutly refused to give an opinion whenever they appealed to him, although he made a mental note to make sure to get Hermione to come with him out of the library periodically. Hopefully they would still be allowed out of the castle walls... It wasn’t as though anything had happened on school grounds at the end of last year, aside from Harry collapsing from visions...The carriage came to an abrupt halt far from the castle gates. Harry frowned. “We’re nowhere near there,” Hermione said, sticking her head out the window on the other side. “--The carriages in front are all stopped too...”“I wonder what’s happened,” Ron said anxiously.Harry reached into his robe pocket and took his wand out, just in case. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Ron and Hermione mirroring him... Far ahead in the line, someone was shouting. When he looked out the window he saw spell light in the distance, but it was too far for him to see what was going on... He gripped his wand tighter...“Do you think the others are close enough to see?” Hermione said, digging in her bag. A moment later she had her mirror out, and Harry thought belatedly that he had forgotten to give Ron his. Hermione put it in her lap and said, “Daphne Greengrass!”“What’s that?” Ron asked, looking over Hermione’s shoulder. A moment later Harry heard Daphne says out of the mirror, “Do you know what’s going on?” nervously.“We were hoping you’d seen something,” Hermione said. “We’re too far back...”“So are we,” Tracey’s voice came through the mirror. “Who else has one of these?”“Draco - he’s not with you, is he?” Hermione said. “And the former Zeller cousins, Rose and Valerian and there’s a first year, but he’ll be on the lake.”“One of you call Draco,” Daphne said.Harry took his mirror out, as well as the wrapped package beside it. “Sirius gave them to us, this one’s yours,” he said, handing it to Ron, “They can talk to each other, you look in and say the person’s name... Draco Mal - Draco Black,” he said, correcting at the last minute.There was a brief pause before Draco appeared in the mirror. “Do you know what’s going on?” he asked.Harry was just about to deny it when it became unnecessary: a voice, magnified a hundred times with magic, split the air:“ATTENTION HOGWARTS STUDENTS,” an unfamiliar man said. “THERE HAS BEEN A SECURITY INCIDENT. THE CASTLE ENCHANTMENTS HAVE TURNED BACK SEVERAL STUDENTS WHO BEAR YOU-KNOW-WHO’S MARK. THE CARRIAGES WILL BEGIN PROCEEDING AGAIN. PLEASE BE PATIENT.”They all exchanged glances.“They can’t have always done that, can they?” Ron said, frowning.“There’s no way,” Draco said from the mirror Harry was holding, apparently able to hear Ron. “Professor Snape could always get in...”“Headmaster Dumbledore had the wards - er - fixed, last year,” Harry said, stopping just before he admitted it had been with his Parseltongue gift.“--Our carriage is coming up to the gates,” Draco said, “I’d better go...” His face dissolved out of the mirror, so that only Harry’s pale one gazed back from it.“Wicked,” Ron said, examining his. “How do these work?”The carriages filtered, slowly, through the gates, halting several more times. “Do you think they’re arresting the students stopped?” Daphne said anxiously from the mirror, but none of them could guess. At last, Harry, Ron and Hermione’s carriage passed through the gates at a steady walk. Harry saw that Aurors were stationed by the gates. A small group of students, mostly older, huddled together and watched angrily, but they did not seem to be bound in any way as far as Harry could tell. Then they were past the gates and heading for the front entrance to the castle.The Great Hall was full of even more whispers than usual when they entered, although no one was speaking loudly or laughing. Harry, Ron and Hermione went to sit down at the Gryffindor table with their year mates, who were equally subdued. “Did you see what was happening?” Dean whispered, but they shook their heads, as did Seamus, Lavender and Parvati. Dumbledore was absent from the Head tables, but Harry was not surprised: undoubtedly the situation at the gates had required his attention.Soon, Professor McGonagall and Hagrid arrived with a very long, straggling line of first years, Hagrid catching Harry’s eye and waving. Harry waved back, relieved by Hagrid’s exuberance and feeling his heart leap. Something was still normal, he thought, struggling to recapture his feeling of contentment from the train.Less comforting was the Sorting Hat’s song, which again dwelt on the subject of uniting in the face of enemies - and watching the Sorting begin without Dumbledore was unnerving. Very close to the front of the line, however, was Black, Basil, Fern and Jonquil's little brother. He was sorted, after a long pause, into Ravenclaw with his sisters. Harry clapped loudly along with Hermione, although they didn’t know him very well yet. Across the hall he saw that Draco and Daphne were clapping, too, seated next to each other. Tracey joined in with her girlfriend a beat later. Harry was on edge throughout the Sorting, but unusually he was not waiting for dinner, and not even Ron complained about waiting for food. He was waiting - like everyone else - for news.At long last, the final first year was sorted into Hufflepuff. Dumbledore was rising - Harry had missed him coming in - and saying, gravely, “Welcome to Hogwarts. I must apologize for delaying your dinner for a short time this year.”The Hall was dead silent. Dumbledore waited only a beat for their attention before going on, “Those of you above first year will be aware of the disruption at the Hogwarts gates as the students entered this evening. An announcement given by the Auror security detail was incorrect. The Hogwarts castle enchantments were repaired last year after some key details regarding their maintenance were rediscovered. As a result, they have resumed their traditional function of preventing those with malicious intentions towards the school from entering.” Whispering picked up at this at once.Dumbledore raised his hands for silence, briefly, before continuing, “As intentions are not a crime and are extremely nonspecific, none of those prevented from entering the school have been detained or charged with any crime. Their parents have been contacted and they have been allowed to return home through the Floo at the Three Broomsticks. If they are able to return to school and enter normally they will be permitted to take up their studies as usual, but this, like their peaceful intentions, is only under their own control. We are not able to assist them.” He paused again then said, “I had intended to make the relevant security announcements at the end of the feast, as usual, but I think it will quiet your minds and allow you to enjoy your dinners more easily if they are given now. I apologize to those of you who would prefer to eat at once.“Lord Voldemort is gaining strength,” Dumbledore said baldly, to gasps among the students. “In these times, we must trust each other, and we must work together to protect our school and our community. Security measures have been strengthened greatly, and I must ask you to obey any measures you are asked to take by your teachers, no matter how irksome. I especially ask you to obey the rules requiring you to remain in your common rooms at night. The curfew for students third year and below is nine PM. The curfew for all students fourth year and over is ten PM. I apologize to those older students who are accustomed to remaining out later, and remind you that this is not a punishment and you are free to remain awake in your common rooms as late as usual. We simply must know where you are at night to ensure the safety of the castle residents. Professors who are accustomed to holding extracurriculars later at night may continue to do so, but students must be escorted back to their dormitories by teachers or Prefects. Much like last year, I must ask you to remain on the near side of the lake and the castle lawns, well away from the forest, when you are outside the castle walls, and no students will be permitted to exit the walls after sunset.“Unfortunately, after several minor incidents and one major last year, and the increased number of Death Eater attacks over the summer, we have made the difficult decision to cancel all Hogsmeade visits. In order to more easily accommodate student needs, a small school store will be open in the east chamber off of the Entrance Hall during the same hours as the library. It will accept both magical and muggle currency, but change will be more readily available for magical. It will be possible to make deposits and withdrawals from Gringotts via the store, with a slight delay in processing times. I have also been asked to remind all students that a wide variety of owl-order catalogs are available in the school library, and the school owls are available at no charge for orders."While I have your attention, I would like to congratulate Professor Snape on moving on to new and - we hope - greater opportunities, and announce that the new Head of Slytherin House will be Professor Aurora Sinistra." Dumbledore paused here and lifted his hands for applause before continuing, "For the time being her quarters remain in the Astronomy Tower, but she will be accessible to all Slytherin students for any personal and academic difficulties. Further announcements will occur in Slytherin House tonight."“Finally, we are host to several visiting researchers this year, who wish to make use of the castle's libraries and seek shelter within its walls. This has been a usual arrangement in times past, but was not possible before the restoration of our usual funding last year. They are not teachers and do not have special authority, but I ask that you behave respectfully in their presence as representatives of the school. The rest, I think, will wait until you are all fed. Kitchens,” Dumbledore said, and clapped his hands.There was a moment of silence as food began to fill the tables. “What,” Ron muttered, “No weird gibberish?”“He probably doesn’t want to unsettle us more,” said Hermione, although she sounded as though it had had the opposite effect on her.“Maybe,” said Harry, snagging the potatoes and spooning them onto his place. “I wonder what ‘malicious intentions’ means...”“I thought you’d know!” Ron said. “It was you, wasn’t it?”At once several people looked up. “Was it you, Harry?” Neville asked.“I don’t think I’m supposed to talk about it,” Harry said. “And I had no idea they would do that,” he added to Ron, shrugging. “I’ll ask what it means when I see him, maybe...”This gathered him several impressed looks from his classmates.The feast was subdued in comparison with previous years. Dumbledore’s ending announcements were mostly routine, although Harry noted that Filch had passed on an announcement that all items purchased from Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes Mail Order Joke Supply were banned, and stifled a grin. He was exhausted, as though he had done a great deal more than wait in worry that day, and he was grateful when at last they went up to bed.

“Look at all of these free periods,” Ron said at breakfast the next day, beaming over the schedule Professor McGonagall had handed him three minutes before. He looked over Harry’s shoulder to check his, too. “We’ve got a free period now - and two in the afternoon - and no classes at all tomorrow morning--”“We’ll need those to study!” Hermione said.“Yeah, but not today,” Ron said. “Today’ll be a real doze. You’re just mad you have a class right after breakfast.”“Alchemy will be fascinating,” Hermione said primly, “And I’m looking forward to it.”Harry and Ron had compared class choices by letter, so Harry already knew Ron had also added Wardcraft and dropped the same classes. The main difference was that Harry was still taking Arithmancy, while Ron - despite his disastrous practical - had passed the Divination theory exam and decided to continue his independent study. But Harry was slightly distracted from their schedules by the news that at least twenty students had given their names to McGonagall for tryouts in the extremely limited time that had already passed. “We’d better schedule tryouts soon,” he said to Ron. “Friday after class, you think, like last year?”“Maybe we should push it to the weekend in case anybody’s got detention,” Ron said.“Good point - Saturday, maybe...” Harry realized he hadn’t spoken to Cho yet about their Saturday mornings. “Afternoon if it’s free, I’d better go ask McGonagall and Hooch about booking the pitch,” he said, getting up hurriedly and going to check with Katie first, halfway down the table.Harry and Ron were able to linger over breakfast while Hermione joined the other N.E.W.T. students heading to Alchemy, but after break, they rejoined her and nearly all of the other sixth year Gryffindors heading to Charms.“How was Alchemy?” Harry asked Hermione, who beamed and was in the middle of telling him how wonderful it had been in thoroughly incomprehensible terms when the door opened and they had to file into the classroom. Taking seats, Harry and Ron eyed Professor Flitwick with trepidation, waiting for their first N.E.W.T. class to begin.“Welcome, all of you, back to Hogwarts!” Professor Flitwick announced a few minutes later. “I’m pleased to see so many of you continuing with Charms at the N.E.W.T. level. Now, the work we do this year and next will be very difficult, and now that we are fully staffed I will have more time to help you, so I urge any of you who are struggling to come by my office and ask for assistance at any time.“To begin, we will be working on a very simple spell, once you mastered your very first year,” Professor Flitwick said, flicking his wand to distribute feathers throughout the classroom. “But this time, you will cast your Levitation Charms nonverbally. You will make no sound as you swish and flick,” he said, illustration this point with his wand and, with no incantation, sending his own feather hovering towards the ceiling. “Nonverbal magic is difficult! Most of you will not succeed today. Many of you will not succeed next week either. But nonverbal magic is vitally important to any number of careers and pursuits, and therefore in class and outside of it you must practice!” he said, emphatically.“Now, I imagine many of you are staring at your feathers and thinking ‘practice what’? The key to nonverbal magic is concentrating on your spell. You all recall what it is like to cast a Levitation Charm. If you can’t remember, you may begin with a verbal Levitation Charm to remind yourself! Concentrate on that feeling and on your magic, not on the incantation you aren’t saying and not on keeping your lips shut, and try. Begin!” Professor Flitwick said.Harry frowned at his feather. Last spring he had learned to levitate, and do other simple charms, without using a wand at all - but that had not been using a particular charm, and he was certain it wasn’t quite what Professor Flitwick meant. Tentatively he cast the Hover Charm verbally first, trying to pay attention to the feeling of the moment when the feather lifted from the table.Next to him, Ron was saying, laughing, “Levio-oh-sa, not Levio-saw, right, Hermione?”“Shut up, Ronald,” Hermione said, and promptly cast the first successful nonverbal charm of the class.“Very good, Miss Granger!” Professor Flitwick called, arriving from the middle of the the classroom. “Twenty points to Gryffindor - let’s see you try, Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley...?”Harry bit his lip. “Professor,” he said cautiously, “I, er, learned to do this wandlessly last spring...”“I heard from the O.W.L. examiners!” Professor Flitwick said excitedly. “I was very pleased with your exam scores, Mr. Potter, very pleased! But you’re right that those are not quite the same thing, if that was it?”“Yes,” Harry said, face burning as other students turned to look his way. “When I - figured out how - I had to do it without thinking of a spell at all, I couldn’t get it to work if I was trying to do magic I knew...”“Wandless and nonverbal magic are not quite the same, Mr. Potter,” Professor Flitwick said. “You could very likely accomplish exactly what you intended the same way but with a wand in hand if you tried simple levitation - but some day you will want to cast a more difficult spell nonverbally. Go on,” he said encouragingly, “Try the Hover Charm.”“Right, sir,” Harry said, feeling somewhat embarrassed, and lifted his wand, trying to block out his awareness of half the class staring at him and concentrate on the moment of lift... It was a little like the moment when a broom left the ground, he thought, swishing his wand...The first time the feather merely twitched, and Professor Flitwick said a few encouraging words and moved on, but halfway through the class Harry, to his astonishment, became the second student to succeed in an intentional nonverbal spell in their class. Only he and Hermione had managed by the end of class.Ron was envious when they were dismissed to go to lunch. “How did you do it?” he said. “Come on, you must have an idea.”“Er, it’s sort of a feeling, like he said,” Harry said. “I was thinking about flying when I managed it, and you know how you sort of - feel magic pushing through your wand when you cast a spell?” He blushed again at the end of this sentence. Ron and Seamus sniggered. Hermione sniffed.“Oh, come off it,” Ron said to her. “You do everything right the first time.”“Not everything,” Hermione said, face slightly pink.After lunch, they went upstairs to the Defense classroom. Charms, which nearly everyone was still taking, had been a Gryffindor-only class like the previous years, but those Gryffindors taking Defense were joined in the classroom by several Ravenclaws. Professor Selwyn had redecorated the classroom like all of her predecessors in turn. There was now a series of posters illustrating wand movements for basic defensive and offensive charms going down one wall, while the other wall held several poster-sized diagrams of what Harry, staring at them, suddenly realized were artistic depictions of the magic he could see if he looked carefully - or used something like the mirrors Bill Weasley had shown them in fourth year. He wanted to look closer to see if the posters labeled the spells, but before he could get up, Professor Selwyn came out of the Defense office.“Hello, everyone,” she said, perching on the edge of the table by the board. She was wearing newer clothing than Harry remembered from last year, a knee length coat belted at the waist over trousers and the same cracked boots, though with less mud on them. “It’s nice to see everyone back. You probably know this, but Professor Moody only signed on for the one year. I’ll be senior Defense Professor now. I know the Gryffindors had Charms this morning, have you all had the intro to nonverbal casting lecture already?”Harry’s classmates nodded, and Padma Patil said, “We had it in Transfiguration,” for the Ravenclaws.“Good. I’m not going to give it to you again, I’m sure Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick have more experience with teaching it than me, but if you’re having trouble feel free to ask me for help. The benefit of nonverbal spells is kind of abstract in those subjects, but can anyone tell me what the advantage is in Defense?” She paused. “Miss Granger?”“Your adversary has no warning about what kind of magic you’re about to perform,” said Hermione, “Which gives you a split-second advantage.”“Take five points,” said Professor Selwyn. “Can anyone think of another advantage? --Mr. Potter?”Harry immediately regretted putting up his hand when called upon to speak, but he made a go of it anyway. “Er - if your opponent doesn’t recognize the spell you used, they may not be able to counter it effectively either.”“Take another five points,” Professor Selwyn said. “There are at least two hundred variants on cutting curses, ranging from the mundane and easily healed to the specialized, lethal and illegal. If Mr. Potter and I are dueling and he makes a hit with one nonverbally, I know I’ve been cut, but I won’t necessarily know how he did it and be able to fix it on the fly mid-duel. In a competition I might fold in order to get expert medical assistance, while in real life it might mean the difference between life and death.” She paused. “So, learning nonverbal spell work is very important to dueling, but that doesn’t necessarily make it easy, and it’s fairly common for adults to be able to do some spells nonverbally and not others. In general, nonverbal spells will be less powerful than verbally cast ones in all but the most skilled and powerful magic users. Knowing that, can anyone suggest the best approach to learning how to defend yourself with nonverbal magic?” She paused. “Mr. Goldstein?”“Learning to use combat spells that are simpler and require less power to work effectively nonverbally first,” Anthony Goldstein said.“Good, take five points.” Svemila stood up. “Put your books away and take your wands out. We’re going to be working on fairly simple jinxes today, directed at cushions,” she waved her wand and a stack of large, punching bag-sized cushions zoomed out of the cupboards, “Because when you’re frustrated and trying to get a spell off nonverbally sometimes unpredictable things happen.” Striding to the board to write the list of spells, she added, “Now, if everyone could spread out and take a cushion...”Considering that they had spent two class periods practicing basic charms, they had an exceptional amount of homework already: Professor Flitwick had assigned a full book of reading on nonverbal Charms theory as well as instructing them to practice their entire first year Charms spell list without speaking the incantations, while Professor Selwyn had assigned them a lengthy research project in preparation for their next unit on dementors along with more practice. Therefore Harry, Ron and Hermione were able to spend the rest of the afternoon outside by the lake, but were forced to occupy the time reading frantically.They were joined about twenty minutes into the period by Draco, Daphne and Tracey coming outside. “We thought we saw you through the windows,” said Tracey, throwing herself down in a shady spot under the beech tree branches. “How were your summers, then?”“All right,” said Harry, who had no idea how to summarize most of his and had been saying this whenever people asked.“I’m just glad to be back at school,” Ron said, making a face. “What did you have today?”“We’re all in Alchemy with Hermione,” Daphne said, “And the Slytherins have Transfiguration with Ravenclaw second thing on Mondays. We’ve  been free since lunch, though. What did you come out of it?”“We had Defense with the Ravenclaws,” Harry said, moving his bag to give Draco room to sit against the trunk. “And Charms before lunch, just Gryffindor. Professor Selwyn’s assigned us three feet on dementors due next month while we work on basic nonverbal magic, and Professor Flitwick wants us to read Sound and Silence in Charmswork for next week. How was Transfiguration?”“Incomprehensible,” said Draco, taking his books out. “--I imagine it will make more sense once I’ve read the glossary for our N.E.W.T. textbook a few times, though. Have you scheduled Gryffindor tryouts yet?”“Hoping to spy?” said Harry cheerfully, opening his Charms reading.“I plan to sit in the stands and Confund all of the promising players,” Draco said. “You’ll be forced to play a team of first years on school brooms.”“Bad job you’ve warned me about it, then,” Harry said, squinting at the first paragraph. It did not make appreciably more sense. He sighed and flipped to the glossary. On the bright side, he thought, he didn’t have any classes Tuesday morning, so he would have all of that time to work on the Charms reading too...Hermione left for the last period of the day, saying she had a meeting with Professor Vector to talk about her TA duties. The rest of them remained, struggling over Charms and Transfiguration reading, until dinner, which still came before sunset this time of year. Harry mused that reading in the sunshine by the lake wasn’t so bad, but this winter was probably going to be a miserable experience.Several people stopped Harry to ask about Quidditch trials on the way up to dinner, so Draco found out when they were after all. (“My nefarious plan proceeds,” he said solemnly when the group of third year girls trooped off. Daphne hit him over the head with her Transfiguration book.) Hermione caught up to them on the way inside, looking thrilled for someone who had just been talking to a teacher about extra work, but they didn’t have time to ask her what Vector had said before they were intercepted by Hagrid.“Great to see yeh,” he said, beaming at them. “How were yer summers? --I’ve got some great stuff planned fer this year, see y’tomorrow...”He slid off very shortly to the head table, leaving Harry, Ron and Hermione exchanging nervous looks.“Are either of you,” said Harry, with a sinking feeling as they sat down, “taking Care of Magical Creatures?”Hermione and Ron both shook their heads. “But he can’t really think we are, can he?” Hermione said, distressed. “I mean, when has any of us expressed any... enthusiasm?”“That’s the thing,” said Ron, piling chicken onto his plate, “We always made the most effort because we like Hagrid. But he thinks we like the stupid subject. Do you think anyone’s taking the N.E.W.T.?”“It did get a lot better last year, after they made Grubbly-Plank review his lessons...” Hermione said, glancing around the table. “Are any of you taking it?”“I am,” Neville said quietly. “It goes well with Herbology, and like you said, he got a lot better last year... Besides, I’m hardly taking anything else,” he said self-deprecatingly. “I’ll tell him you were all saying how you wanted to but you couldn’t find time in your schedules tomorrow.”“Thanks, Neville,” Harry said, heartfelt. “What are you taking? You were in Charms, that’s not nothing.”“Well, there’s Charms,” Neville said, looking slightly heartened. “Gran said it was a soft option, but,” he lowered his voice, “Professor McGonagall said she’d write to her and tell her that just because she failed her O.W.L. didn’t make the subject useless.” Harry, Ron and Hermione laughed, and he went on, “And I’m taking Herbology, of course, and - and Potions, because it’s useful in combination with Herbology, like Care of Magical Creatures, and I knew I wouldn’t have to deal with Professor Snape again.”“Potions is one of the most difficult N.E.W.T. subjects,” Hermione said encouragingly. “And we’re all taking it--” She glanced at Harry and Ron, who nodded, “So you’ll be with us again.”“That’s good,” said Neville, looking relieved. “I don’t think anyone in our year’s had it yet, I don’t know which professor is going to be teaching us...”The next morning it was raining outside. Harry, Ron and Hermione went to the library first thing after breakfast to begin Professor Selwyn’s dementor assignment. It rapidly became clear that there was not actually much material. “Did everyone else already check out the dementor books?” Harry asked, frowning.Hermione shook her head. “I looked them up third year when they were stationed at the school and there wasn’t much more, I think only one or two books are missing. We might want to mail order a few books. I’ll go get the Flourish and Blotts catalog if you take these to the table,” she said.“Can you grab a couple of jewelry catalogs, too?” Harry said. “I need to order Cho’s birthday present for next month, I might as well look now.” All packages coming into the school were being magically searched for curses and dangerous objects, which meant a delay on mail order post. He glanced anxiously at Ron, who had been upset last time this came up, but Ron was frowning at one of the dementor books and did not seem to have heard.Judging by the books available in the library, the defining trait of dementors was how much was not known about them. Even the substance they fed on, which Professor Lupin had explained as happiness to them in third year, was a subject of hot debate. After an hour of frustration, Hermione got up and said she was going to use her staff Restricted Section pass and see if she could find anything else more helpful, but she came back with only two more books, and one of them was full primarily of gory and sadistic experiments that had not, as far as Harry could tell, actually helped anyone learn anything about dementors.“Well, she probably expected this,” Hermione said after a while, “I imagine that’s why she’s having us do research first... I’ll see if anything in the catalogs looks useful, or maybe Remus or Sirius will have some ideas about references. Or,” she lowered her voice slightly, “Aunt Cassie.”When the bell rang for break, Harry gave up on dementor research for now and, remembering his resolution to research training plays, went to check the section of Quidditch reference materials. This had quite a few more options than dementors, as it was always a favorite subject for students. He became quite absorbed in flipping through The Captain’s Playbook before he realized that nearly twenty minutes had passed and he should choose his books and go sit down again.“Shouldn’t you be studying?” Hermione said, when she looked over and saw what he was taking notes on.Harry shrugged. “I’m captain, aren’t I? I’ve got to work for that, too.”Hermione skeptically withdrew back into the Flourish and Blotts catalog. Not much later, Neville came into the library, looking wet and slightly bedraggled. “I talked to Hagrid,” he said, pausing by their table and lowering his voice. “He’s - upset - but I told him you had a load of work, you’re all taking way more classes than me. You should probably go and see him, though.”“When we have time,” Ron said, shutting their Charms reading and making a face. “How was the class?”“Good, actually,” Neville said, unable to totally stifle surprise from his voice. “We’re talking about magical bird species... I’d better go before Madam Pince catches me dripping in the library.”

After lunch, the Gryffindors who were taking Potions - a larger number than Harry would have expected when Snape taught the class, even with his improved behavior last year - trooped warily down to the dungeons. They were met by about half of the Slytherins. In addition to Harry, Ron and Hermione, joining them for N.E.W.T. Potions were Parvati, Neville, Draco, Theodore Nott, Blaise Zabini, Pansy Parkinson and Millicent Bulstrode. Inside the classroom was an unfamiliar man with short dark hair and a mustache. The classroom itself had been transformed: no longer was it a gloomy, forbidding room with shadowy edges and disconcerting ingredients on the walls. Instead the room had been cleaned, the stone walls freshly whitewashed, and a number of what must be magical windows installed, showing a view of the castle lawns and letting bright light in. The shelves of ingredients remained, but had neat labels.“Welcome to N.E.W.T. Potions,” said the new professor, turning to watch them file into the room. “My name is Professor Roger Lovett. I began teaching last spring and will be taking the N.E.W.T. and O.W.L. year classes as the newly senior professor. Please take seats. You’ll be working individually most of the time at this level, but you may sit in groups if you prefer it. This class is slightly larger than the other N.E.W.T. Potions class, I’m happy to see...”What followed was not much like Harry’s previous Potions classes. Professor Lovett had them introduce themselves and then set everyone to making an attempt at the Draught of Living Death. He stressed that he didn’t expect anyone to have a perfect potion, only to try so that he could see their current skills. He also encouraged them to raise their hands and get his assistance if something was not working right or they weren’t sure how to execute a step. At the end of the class, Hermione and Draco both received twenty house points for their textbook potions. Harry had, for the first time, turned out something that looked close to the book’s description without Hermione’s assistance, although he had twice asked Professor Lovett questions.“That wasn’t so bad,” Neville said on the way out, sounding positively amazed.On the other hand, Professor Lovett had assigned them yet another lengthy homework essay, this one involving three feet on the use of charms in brewing, and an additional assignment to locate three potions that required the use of spells in the brewing process and write a foot of analysis comparing them. Therefore nearly the entire class decamped to the library immediately for the length of the last, empty class period. Harry was certain that Professor Vector would give them a long homework assignment tomorrow morning as well, and they still had Transfiguration and his new class, Wardcraft, this week - and he would need his Saturday free to see Cho in the morning and hold Quidditch trials in the afternoon. It was odd to go to Arithmancy without Hermione, who would be running review sessions and grading homework starting next week, but wasn’t expected to attend classes the way Sotero had last year. Harry had not had a class with neither Hermione nor Ron in his entire time at Hogwarts. He hovered uncertainly in the classroom door for a minute before Daphne spotted him and waved him over, yawning, to sit with her and Tracey. “Draco’s always late to at least one or two morning classes the first week of term, he sleeps until noon in the summer - well, you know that now,” she said. “I’m glad Professor Vector’s not making Hermione attend classes but I hope she’s got backup security for the review sessions.”“Security?” said Harry. “In Hogwarts?” Then he wondered why he was surprised.“Sure.” Daphne shrugged, making a face, and crammed the last bit of toast she had carried with her in a napkin into her mouth.While she was chewing, Tracey said, “There are always some attacks on muggleborns - I mean you know that, you’ve been friends with her her whole time at school, but it’s worse when we’re alone, without staff supervision. And since the schedules are public, people know where she’ll be and when to corner her.”“I’ll make sure I go,” Harry said, anxiously.“You can’t go to all of them, they’re not all for our level, but ask her if Professor Vector’s arranged something,” Daphne said, swallowing.Harry had a hard time focusing on the lesson after that.After the first period, he was free for the rest of Wednesday, and Ron and Hermione had the entire day off from classes. So while they would have to finish up some of their homework assignments they agreed to go down and see Hagrid after classes, when he wouldn’t be teaching. Harry finished up his Charms reading for next week and wrote out the quick summary Professor Flitwick had asked for, and after lunch got started on his Potions assignment. After the final bell rang, the three of them walked down the lawns to Hagrid’s hut with no small amount of nerves. Reaching the firmly closed door, they exchanged glances, before Harry knocked. There was a long silence. “Maybe he’s not home,” said Ron, knocking again himself. “Maybe he’s still cleaning up after class--” Hermione said, when the door was swept open.“Well?” Hagrid growled, looking them over. “What’s this? Feelin’ sorry for me?”“We wanted to see you,” said Harry.“We’ve missed you!” said Hermione.“Missed me?” snorted Hagrid. “Yeah, righ’.” He stomped back into the cabin, leaving the door open, although he began to brew tea, so Harry supposed he could not be too angry. He slammed down three huge mugs on the table and a plate of his inedible rock cakes and sat, silent, for once.“Hagrid,” Hermione said nervously, “We wanted to carry on with Care of Magical Creatures, you know.”“Neville said,” Hagrid grunted.There was a squelching noise and they looked around. Ron leapt out of his seat and hurried away from the large barrel standing in the corner, full of what appeared to be foot-long maggots, slimy, white and writhing. “What are they, Hagrid?” said Harry, trying to sound interested, although his interest in his tea had vanished.“Jus’ giant grubs,” said Hagrid.“What do they grow into?” said Ron, apprehensively.“They won’ grow inter nuthin’,” said Hagrid. “I got ‘em ter feed Aragog.” And, suddenly, he burst into tears.“Hagrid!” cried Hermione, hurrying over to put an arm around him. “What is it?”“It’s - Aragog...” gulped Hagrid, mopping his face with his apron. “I think he’s dyin’... He was ill, over t’ summer an’ he’s not gettin’ better... We’ve bin tergether so long...”Hermione, Harry and Ron exchanged glances over Hagrid’s fortunately oblivious head. None of them could think of a single thing to say.“Is there - anything we can do?” said Hermione, while Ron frantically shook his head at her.“I don’ think there is, Hermione,” choked Hagrid. “The rest o’ the family... they’re gettin’ a bit funny... now he’s ill...”“I think we saw a bit of that side,” Ron muttered.“I don’ reckon it’d be safe fer anyone but me ter go near the colony at the  mo’,” Hagrid finished, blowing his nose. “But thanks fer offerin’, Hermione... It means a lot...”After that Hagrid was much more his usual self, apparently taking it for granted that they all would have liked to help Aragog if they could. He agreed that they would have found it hard to squeeze another class into their schedules, even if they applied for Time-Turners, and complained about Grubbly-Plank’s idea of an adequately safe lesson, complaints they found much easier to nod sympathetically to now that they were not going to have to take the classes. When they had to hurry up to the castle before sunset, Hagrid seemed quite cheerful again.On the way back up to the castle, Harry remembered to say, “Daphne and Tracey asked during Arithmancy, is there going to be someone else around during your review sessions? For security, I mean?”“I don’t need an escort,” Hermione said.“That’s not what I meant,” Harry said, alarmed. “Tracey said muggleborns get attacked sometimes away from staff supervision, and since Vector’s putting the review sessions up in public if anyone wants to jump you they’ll know when to do it.”“I guess,” Hermione said, shrugging uncomfortably. “The classroom I’m using is right next to Professor Vector’s office anyway, but Sotero said he would come to the first few weeks in case I needed any help managing a classroom myself. I’ll see if I have any trouble - I suppose I can ask him to sit in the back and grade while I handle them...”“If you want us to come...” Ron said. “I mean, there’s no reason we couldn’t sit in either, is there?”“I’ll see,” Hermione said uncertainly. Harry almost regretted bringing it up, but after the summer’s news, and the incidents at the school gates, he had a feeling Daphne had been right to ask. After lunch on Friday, Harry, Ron and Hermione went upstairs to their final class of the week, and Harry and Ron’s only new class: Wardcraft. They were not entirely sure what to expect, although Hermione knew better than anyone else by virtue of having read the entire textbook over the holidays. The Wardcraft classroom was on the second floor, on the side of the castle towards the lake. It was a square, high-ceilinged room with bookcases filling two walls entirely, leaving the blackboard and the outer wall, filled with windows, free. The desks were set up in a horseshoe pattern, leaving an aisle up to the board open. They filed into seats, looking around. Draco, Daphne and Tracey were both taking this class, as were Blaise Zabini and Theodore Nott, again, and several Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs, including Padma Patil. Hermione dragged them all closer to the board than Harry would have chosen, but at least they were seated facing the windows over the lake.When the bell rang, a door by the blackboard opened, and a young looking witch came out, carrying a stack of books in her arms. She had very short black hair and cat’s eye tortoiseshell glasses.“Hi, everyone,” she said, dropping the books on the front table with a small thump. “My name is Professor Diane Wong, and I’ll be your instructor for sixth year N.E.W.T. wardcraft. Those of you at the back may want to move a little closer so you can see today, I won’t hold you to it.” There was a small shuffle as several students moved up. “Does everyone have a copy of the textbook?” Professor Wong asked. She went to the blackboard and picked up several colored pieces of chalk, but didn’t actually write anything on it, only looked over the nodding and mumbling students until she was satisfied no one had objected.“So,” she said, coming over to stand in the aisle, “This is a sort of hybrid class, we’ll be using materials from many subjects, especially Charms, Arithmancy and Ancient Runes. Don’t panic if you didn’t take both of those classes, you’ll catch up. We’ll talk about the definition of ‘wards’ and ‘wardcraft’ in a few minutes, but first I’d like to start you off on a practical exercise,” she said, and as they watched, confused, she sat down cross legged on the floor and began to draw on the hardwood with the chalk.Hermione made a soft sound of comprehension and leaned over her desk to get a better view. Ron and Harry exchanged glances. Daphne made a hmm noise. Professor Wong drew a box in white chalk and then crossed it. She exchanged the white chalk for a piece of blue and drew a second, larger box around the first, and then in yellow chalk a circle around that. When she had finished, she leaned over and began to write in tiny script around the inside edge of the circle, and Harry suddenly remembered the curse they had removed from the Room of Requirement last year, and the giant nautilus shape drawn on the floor and written over.“Who can tell me what I’m doing now?” Professor Wong said, glancing up, and to his own surprise Harry raised his hand. “Mr. Potter?” she asked.Ignoring Hermione’s noise of disappointment beside him and Daphne’s soft snicker, Harry said, “Are you - making a ward, Professor?”“Take five points,” she said. “Ward is not a cohesive class of magic, instead it’s a utilitarian definition. ‘Ward’ means ‘guard’ in English, so you could call it a technical term for guarding magic. As such it involves many methods and ideally, wardcraft will layer a number of techniques to compensate for the deficiencies of each...” She straightened and, flicking her hand, sent all three pieces of chalk to settle back on the blackboard - without touching her wand. “But we’ll start with two today,” she said, and cast a nonverbal spell over the diagram before she stood up.“This will not hurt you,” she said, glancing over the class. “I am not going to tell you what it will do, but experimenting with it is safe. Which it usually is not when it comes to strange protective magic, so today is a bit of an exception. What I want you to do is find a way as a class to retrieve this.” She took a piece of paper from her pocket and dropped it in the inner box, on the intersection between the lines. “It happens to contain the answer key for your first test.” A murmur went around the class. “If you can get to it without my help, you may use it as a class to study,” she said, and retreated a few steps to sit on the table.Harry examined the magic with his sight, but did not see anything recognizable or very helpful. Next to him, he saw, Hermione had pursed her lips and was certainly doing the same. Meanwhile, Daphne dove into her bag, and took out a Rune dictionary to flip through quickly.Across the room, several Ravenclaws were similarly looking up information in reference materials. Draco was frowning at the diagram with a thoughtful expression, while Theodore Nott smirked faintly, but did not seem inclined to actually try any magic.“You may talk to each other,” Professor Wong called, watching them. Harry turned to Hermione. “I learned a lot of diagnostic spells last year for - the search,” he said vaguely, “But I’m not sure any of them would really help here. Did you learn anything from... over the holidays?” he said.“I think this is more Aunt Druella’s sort of problem than Aunt Cassie's,” Hermione said, but cautiously got up. “I want to see if I can translate the runes...” she said. Harry and Ron followed her out of habit. Once they had gotten up, several other classmates followed, and Harry saw to his surprise that not all of the writing was runes, or in fact required any translation: the writing inside the circle read in simple English, repeated so that it filled the entire space, “With equal force I repel what intrudes inside my shell.”“The runes delineate the next boundary,” Hermione said after a moment, “They’re standardized, they stop magic from crossing the gap between the squares.”“And the Latin on the crossed lines adheres the paper to the intersection,” said Draco from his desk behind them, leaning forward. “It’s a logic puzzle, isn’t it? You can’t reach inside the circle with physical objects - like a wand - and can’t cast magic from outside and cross the square, and the paper will stick to the intersection of the lines if, say, we removed the square of wooden floor and tilted it, or otherwise tried to move the whole system.” His tone was bright.“Very good analysis,” Professor Wong said from the table, “Five points to Slytherin for Mr. Black.”“So what do we do?” Harry said.“No idea,” Draco said cheerfully.“Does it repel - just solid objects?” Harry asked Hermione. “Or everything?”“I’m not sure,” Hermione said, “I think it depends on the intention and the phrasing...”Professor Wong had said it was safe to experiment. Harry cautiously reached towards the diagram with his hand. Over the chalk circle, his hand encountered a solid barrier, difficult to feel, exactly, except that he could not cross it. He had moved his hand tentatively and felt only gentle pressure, but when he attempted to swing his hand harder, it bounced off.“Equal force,” said Hermione, sounding pleased. “--Have you studied muggle physics, Professor Wong?”“I went to university in the muggle world,” she said, sounding amused herself. Several of their classmates looked amused. Theodore Nott sneered.Harry got his water bottle from his bag and experimentally flicked droplets of water at the barrier. They halted at the same place his hand had and trickled down an invisible wall.“We can’t get around the barrier,” said Anthony Goldstein from the Ravenclaw students’ cluster, “But we can change it, can’t we?”Professor Wong nodded to him, so he got up to retrieve chalk from the board and knelt on the floor, then paused. “--I think we can change the barrier if we finish the poem, but I’m no good at rhymes,” he said. "And I'm not sure we can remove it."“Water, flesh or rock expel, but a wand I shall not quell,” said Draco from his seat. Everyone looked up, startled, and he smiled awkwardly. “--My mother taught me to finish poems as a party game, as a child. Although I wouldn’t have thought to use it here.”“It's nice to see you use it for something besides evil,” muttered Susan Bones, to general laughter. Anthony Goldstein carefully wrote the second two lines around the outside of the circle in a neat, slightly larger looping line, then stopped when he reached the end. “I’m not sure how to activate it,” he said.Hermione pulled her wand out readily and pointed it, then said, simply, “By my will.” Theodore Nott snapped his head up, and Susan frowned hard at her, but something settled in the magic over the diagram. When Hermione raised her wand slowly, she was able to point it through the barriers - both the outer circle blocking physical force, and the squares that would halt a spell’s passage. Then she stopped. “Accio paper,” she said, and the paper rustled, but did not move. “--I’m not sure what I should cast,” she said, sounding embarrassed. “I think if I scour the Latin it should be possible to summon the paper but everything I can think of to deal with chalk would destroy the paper, too.”“Try convorrere, it’s for dusting,” Daphne said. “The movement’s a sort of sweeping gesture,” she said, illustrating it with a hand. Hermione copied her, and awkwardly smeared the Latin lines into oblivion before repeating her Summoning Charm. This time, the paper flew obediently out of the circle into  her hand.“Congratulations,” said Professor Wong, standing. “All of you. That was ten minutes faster than the seventh year students. Now, if you can all sit back down, let’s talk about some additional approaches...”They received a large amount of homework at the end of Professor Wong’s lecture, but by now no one was surprised. For everyone except for those sixth years who were taking Herbology, the week was now, thankfully, over. Most of their year went from class to the library before dinner, intent on getting a start on more homework. They were collectively overwhelmed enough to overcome even the most habitual procrastinators. Harry, who also had Quidditch trials to run the next morning, excused himself to go up to the dorms to work instead. He had left several books on Quidditch drills and team formation by his bed, and now that classes were over until Monday he found himself wanting to go over his plans for tryouts instead...Once he was up in the dorms, however, he flipped through his diagrams and notes only listlessly, although he made himself jot down an alternate plan for what to do if the players interested in trying out were less competent than he hoped. He thought, to his surprise, of the communications mirror in his bag. But, he thought, checking his watch, it was only about two in the afternoon and Sirius would almost certainly be dealing with business... True, he was usually happy to be distracted by Harry, but there was no need for Harry to drag him from work.Not everyone in the family would be working during the day, at least, not more than any other time. He pulled the mirror from his bag, not sure what he was looking for, and said into it, “Cassiopeia Black.”He stared into his own reflection for a few moments; then the mirror abruptly changed. Aunt Cassiopeia stared back at him - not robed or veiled as she usually was at Grimmauld Place, but with her hair in a braid tossed over her shoulder, wearing an old T shirt and staring slightly out of frame, probably at something on her desk. “Hello, Harry,” she said. “How is your week going? Or did you need something?”“Er, just to talk,” Harry said, feeling immediately as though he shouldn’t have called. “Sorry to interrupt...”Aunt Cassiopeia turned her head, then, looking directly into the mirror. “It’s all right, dove,” she said. “We gave you the mirrors for it, and I suspect the family will feel rather better in general if you use them frequently. How is your week going?”“Okay, so far,” Harry said, trying to gather his thoughts. “It’s a lot of work, mostly - I mean, I knew it would be but now I have to deal with it. We’re reading this book for Charms - but it’s Transfiguration I’m not sure I understood at all...”At this Aunt Cassiopeia looked thoughtful. “Is the first N.E.W.T. unit in Transfiguration still the introduction to Conjuration Theory?”“Yeah,” Harry said, relieved. “I’m not sure I understood anything McGonagall said, honestly, even Hermione had to ask her to repeat herself once or twice... I mean, it might help when I’ve started the homework, we only had the class yesterday...”Aunt Cassiopeia shook her head. “Minerva McGonagall is brilliant, don’t misunderstand me,” she said. “She has quite a few academic accomplishments in research and she’s extremely powerful. But she’s happier teaching more advanced students with a genuine love for her subject - I’m not surprised she’s elected to keep the upper years now - and the textbook choice... Well, that isn’t her fault, there isn’t much that’s actually good for beginners published in Transfiguration. Let me see, what was the first class on?”Harry was surprised by how much of the lesson he remembered, given Aunt Cassiopeia’s gentle prompting - especially the spell he had been having trouble performing. He grabbed parchment at some point and began to take notes. Perhaps it was only that one on one, he could ask Aunt Cassiopeia to stop and explain in simpler terms every time he became confused, but he found that her explanations made a good deal more sense.“--Hopefully that helps, if my explanations aren’t doing it you can always ask Sirius, or Aunt Druella,” she finished. “The thing about magic, especially relatively individual magic like Transfiguration - and I wish this was communicated earlier on, because I think it’s a significant factor in why students have trouble - is that nearly everybody conceives of what they’re doing slightly differently, and thought governs form in magic. Which is to say if your professor happens to think through the process in an incompatible way for you, you may never manage anything complicated, and it’s not really your fault. What you need is an experienced adult whose mind makes sense.”“No, I think how you explained it made sense,” Harry said. “I mean, I’ll have to see if it helps with practice, but at least I feel like I understood you.”Aunt Cassiopeia laughed. She had shifted the mirror around to prop it up as they spoke, and was now sitting back in her chair. Now, he could see her braid strung absently out over the armrest and the rings she was twisting on her fingers absent-mindedly. “What about the rest of your week? If you only had Transfiguration yesterday you can’t have been worrying about that lesson the entire time.”“Er, it’s mostly been fine,” Harry said. “I’ve got to run Quidditch trials tomorrow for Gryffindor - you didn’t play, did you?”Aunt Cassiopeia shook her head. “My parents didn’t encourage girls playing sports,” she said. “I’m an awful duelist for my rank too, and my profound lack of reflexes is part of why. If you want Quidditch advice, you could ask Narcissa, though, she was Slytherin Captain.”“I will,” Harry said, although he had his doubts about Narcissa’s ability to give nonpartisan advice. “Oh - we went to see Hagrid, he’s upset... We thought it was about us dropping his class, but--” He told Aunt Cassiopeia about Aragog.To his surprise, Aunt Cassiopeia frowned thoughtfully. “He didn’t say what the acromantula is ill with--?” she said. “--Actually, how many of the things are there? They’re not native to Scotland.”Harry recounted his and Ron’s expedition to the Acromantula colony second year - and their narrow escape - in response. Aunt Cassiopeia’s eyebrows crawled up her forehead. At the end of the story, she leaned back in her chair and put her hand over her face. “God in heaven,” she muttered. “--No, it’s not you, I’m not sure where to start but you certainly bear no blame. Congratulations on your escape. Christ. I had better speak with Sirius - and Albus - about making a call to Hogwarts, I think.” On that cryptic note, she bid him farewell. Harry hung up, feeling - to his surprise - much better about his week, and the homework ahead. He decided to go up to the Owlery to visit Hedwig, and see if the view of the Quidditch pitch from there inspired any ideas for tryouts. On Saturday, Harry went from a picnic lunch with Cho by the lake down to the pitch and stopped short at the immense crowd of candidates awaiting him - some, he realized as he turned slowly, not even Gryffindors.Harry sighed. Then he strode to the center of the pitch and, hoping he would get the charm right on his first try, cast the voice-enhancing spell he had learned from Sirius’s example over the summer. “Alright, everyone!” he called, his voice magnified throughout the stadium, and tried not to cringe at its sound. “If you’re not from Gryffindor, please go!” Silence. “That includes you,” he called, turning to face a particularly visible group of Hufflepuffs, who reluctantly trooped out of the stands. He turned in a circle and eyed some other groups pointedly. Katie had raised the issue of whether he would want senior players to try out, but Angela had not required it last year, or Wood any year in the past, and Harry had on the whole felt that even if there was somebody brilliant he was already going to have to train enough completely new players, with two Chasers and two Beaters gone. Since he was planning to form a reserve team anyway, and it would have to be entirely new, any really truly brilliant players could be substituted in later.Many of the players remaining were very young, or didn’t seem to have brooms. On the bright side, there were enough people here that some of them had to be decent. Trying not to sigh aloud again, Harry ordered everyone who hadn’t brought a broom with them to the school broom shed to take out one to play with - if there was a genius first year like him he’d be able to tell even on one of the awful school brooms - and told everyone else to form into groups and start with a simple circuit around the stands. In this way he weeded out nearly half of the dozens of people waiting, because they piled up, swerved dangerously or were otherwise unable to complete a circle.He divided the people left into desired positions. He started with those trying out for Chaser, which was probably the most important position, and one they needed two new players for to match Katie. The tryouts took hours, and he was exhausted by playing leader both in and out of the air, but by evening he had filled the missing positions and added a team of reserves he felt fairly good about. On the starting team were Ginny and a fourth year named Demelza Robbins with Katie, and for beaters, Ritchie Coote and Jimmy Peakes. On the reserve team, for a keeper he had a seventh year, Cormac McLaggen, despite his reservations over the fight McLaggen had tried to pick about him not leaving the Keeper position open. (Harry made a note to himself of the runners up in case McLaggen had to be replaced because of further problems.) More promising was the seeker, Lily Abbott. For reserve Chasers he had several younger students, Taliesin Brown, Aimee Cornfoot, and a wiry first year on a school broom who had out-flown both of them, Cecelia Lovett. (“I’ll talk to McGonagall about the rules for first years on the team,” he told her. “I had my own broom, I’ll see if you can have one, too.”) Finally, for reserve beaters he had Brian Macnair, and a sturdy third year girl, Maillot Goyle.“All right,” he said, having dismissed the unsuccessful. “We’re practicing Wednesday evenings until sunset’s too early, and Saturday afternoons. It’s going to be a lot of time at first, while we get used to working in teams, but when the weather gets bad we’ll have some time off. You’ve all done a great job so far, I’ll see you Wednesday. And Cecelia, I’ll let you know when I’ve talked to McGonagall about you.” He stopped. They were all staring expectantly. “Dismissed,” he said, uncertainly, and they turned to go.Ron hung back, grinning at him. “Weird to think we were that young, isn’t it?” he said.“No kidding,” Harry said with feeling, shouldering his Firebolt to start back to the castle. After Harry had taken a shower and changed back into normal robes, he decided to see if Professor McGonagall was available, and went down to her office. “Mr. Potter,” she said, when he had waited out the last student, a seventh year Ravenclaw he knew vaguely by sight as a classmate of Cho’s. “Do you need assistance with my lesson?”“Er - no, actually,” he said, though less than confidently. She raised her eyes, and he said, “I - asked a family member for advice. It’s about the Quidditch team, actually,” he said quickly. “I want to start a first year on the Gryffindor reserve team, I thought I should talk to you about it...?”“Ah,” Professor McGonagall said, settling back in her chair. “You’re here about the broomstick rule, then? As a matter of fact, first years who have a team position are routinely exempt, although it’s relatively rare that captains request it, and the fact isn’t publicized to avoid too many unprepared students at tryouts. You’re quite sure you want this student?”“I mean, she’s good,” Harry said. “If she’s good enough to out-fly the competition on a school broom, at her age, she’s going to be really good in a couple of years, and I want her practicing now, especially since she’s already interested. Do I have to do anything...?”There was a form to fill out as Gryffindor captain, confirming that Cecelia Lovett was on the Gryffindor reserve team and required access to a broom for her House responsibilities. Harry filled in her name and his and signed, and left, his copy in hand, to find Cecelia and tell her.He paused on the main stairs, trying to decide where to look for a first year Gryffindor on a Saturday evening. At her age, Harry might be outside on a day like today, but sunset had come while he was in McGonagall’s office, and under the current security restrictions students were banned from exiting the castle. She might be in Gryffindor itself, but going up to the common room felt rather like going to bed, and especially young students excited to be away from parental supervision for the first time tended to delay. On the other hand, in her first week Cecelia wouldn’t know how to get around the castle particularly well. There was the courtyard the first years were shepherded to by older students during breaks when the weather was good, or she might be in the library depending on personality, Harry thought, and started to the courtyard, tucking the form letter into the pocket of his robes.Halfway there, he was just about to round a corner when he heard raised voices and paused, pulling his wand from his sleeve by instinct. “Stupefy!” an unfamiliar student shouted, and Harry went still, listening to decide what was happening. “--Stupid mudblood,” the boy muttered. “We got her, now--”Harry did not wait for him to finish. He crouched, remembering Sirius’s warning that people’s vision tended to stay around eye level, and looked around the corner. He saw three Slytherin boys he thought were seventh years and a younger girl in Ravenclaw uniform unconscious on the floor. Then he pointed his wand and thought, with great determination and the same feeling of cold exhilaration as he had during duels, Stupefy. The boy who had first spoken fell with a crash, attracting the attention of the other two, but Harry had the corner for cover, and rapidly Stunned them as well before hurrying over.The girl they had ambushed was unfamiliar, a few years younger than Harry, with shortish red hair. “Ennervate,” he said, pointing his wand at her chest, and promptly had to dodge a wild punch. “It’s okay!” he said quickly. “I’m not one of them, I walked in on it...”Her eyes focused on him belatedly; then she flushed. “Harry Potter,” she said. “I know who you are - I’m sorry--”“It’s okay.” He offered her a hand up, and she took it, but her hand was hand cold and clammy. “Do you need to go to the Hospital Wing?” he asked.She nodded jerkily, teeth chattering in what might have been shock. She glanced around her as she stood and spotted the unconscious Slytherins and went, if possible, paler. “We can tell the first teacher we find,” he said, and she nodded again and hurried off.It was several corridors before she said anything, but eventually she mumbled that she was Linda Culpepper and in third year, and in response to his questions, that she had been looking for her classmates when the older Slytherins cornered her, and she didn’t even know any of them, she was in Ravenclaw. Harry handed her off to Madam Pomfrey at the entrance to the Hospital Wing, feeling uneasy about the whole thing. There had always been fights between Slytherins and Gryffindors, particularly in the run up to their opening Quidditch match and when they were forced into close quarters as in Potions class - but three older students cornering a younger Ravenclaw in a back corridor, as though they had been lying in wait, was something else entirely.Harry couldn’t do much about it. He went back to the courtyard he had originally been looking for, taking a different route, and eventually found most of the first years from all four classes, gathered around a bonfire an older student had lit. Here there was no trace of even the enmity among the Slytherins and Gryffindors in Harry’s class first year, perhaps because they had considerably less space in which to spread out with more students and greater restrictions. Cecelia Lovett was among them, sitting with several other first year girls. She excitedly thanked him when he brought the news she could send for a broom from home, and waved her fist in the air with the form.Back in Gryffindor, Harry found Ron and Hermione, back from the library, and told them in a hurry what had happened.“Do you think the Slytherins knew where she was going?” Hermione asked immediately, twisting the cuff of one robe in her hands.“Where was she going?” Ron asked.“I didn’t ask,” Harry admitted. “It didn’t sound like she knew them, though, I don’t think they could have been looking for her in particular...”“Not students four years apart, in separate houses,” Hermione agreed. “I mean, she’s not on the Ravenclaw Quidditch team or anything, is she?” Harry shook his head. “So it doesn’t seem likely.”“I can ask Cho if there’s any reason anyone would know her, she’ll probably have a better idea,” Harry said. “But it does sound like they were just... I don’t know, lying in wait...” Unease prickled up his spine.The three of them exchanged glances. “Well, you told Madam Pomfrey about it, right?” Ron said with forced cheer. “So hopefully the teachers will take care of it, they’ll have found them lying unconscious in the corridor, right? She’s lucky you came by, though.”“Very lucky,” Hermione said, staring into the fire.Harry stopped by Ravenclaw at breakfast the next morning to ask after Linda, or her classmates. She wasn’t present, but Xiulan was able to identify the other students in third year for Harry, and another girl eventually told him that she was staying close to Ravenclaw for now, but hadn’t been hurt. Harry thanked her and went back to Gryffindor, feeling uneasy, still. They were rapidly distracted by the issue of their looming homework. While their free periods had allowed them to get a head start over the week, all of them still had several assignments to be finished, and there was the additional issue of practicing nonverbal spells, which was not really something they could complete. Harry, Ron and Hermione camped out in an abandoned classroom for most of Sunday, joined by Daphne, Draco and Tracey, where they could alternate between studying and noisy spell practice - not that it was all that noisy when they were mostly unsuccessful and not actually saying incantations.“Hermione,” Daphne said several hours after breakfast, putting aside the cushion she had been trying fiercely to levitate, “Is that the pseudo-Morgana's treatise?"“What?” Hermione looked up from the immense Latin tome she had in front of her. “Yes, it is.”“That’s not for class,” Draco said.“No, it’s not,” Hermione said, and furtively, although by now they put up anti-eavesdropping and anti-intruder spells as a group by habit, “It’s for Aunt Cassie.”“Ah,” Draco said significantly.“Aha,” said Daphne.“Stop being cryptic arses,” Tracey said, resignedly cracking her girlfriend over the head with the supplemental Charms reading. “What does that mean?”“Couldn’t have put it better,” Ron said to Tracey.“It means I was wondering if Aunt Cassiopeia was letting Hermione slide on the apprenticeship work until she finished school,” Daphne said. “But obviously not. How many hours a day are you doing?”“Not as many as I was third year and most of fourth year,” Hermione said, yawning. “--I had a Time-Turner then.” She went on before any of the others could react, “She was letting me hold off on the work during school, but she found out about - something stupid I did at the end of fourth year actually - and said obviously it couldn’t wait.”“So you’ll have time to have a conversation about something besides work some time around July, then,” Draco said. They did all take breaks, however, and by the time they stumbled out for dinner, Daphne had badgered Hermione into agreeing to have someone walk her to and from all of her revision sessions and sit in the back with her, fueled by the recent attack. “They’re circulating something in Slytherin,” Daphne said flatly. “I don’t know what it is, but a lot of people from - well - Dark, Voldemort supporter families like mine got letters a few days ago. Presumably it took them a few days to plan after Hogwarts didn’t let the actual Death Eater students onto the grounds, and I bet the Dark Lord is angry about the round up of Death Eaters in the Department of Mysteries this week. But something is going to happen. It’s not fair to your students if you’re waiting for someone to pull a wand on you instead of teaching, either.”

They found out more about the plot among the students very soon. Draco received a letter from a school owl which turned out to be Pansy asking to meet him anonymously. Despite vigorous arguments that this was a stupid thing to do, Draco left to meet her as arranged on Monday after classes. He returned only a half hour later, sat down at the group's library table looking grim, and cast Muffliato at once.“What happened?” Daphne asked. “New fiance for Pansy?”“No - well, probably soon,” Draco said stormily, obviously distracted by this question. “They haven’t decided yet, but it’s sure to be a Death Eater. She’s hoping one of the new ones, not one of her father’s friends - you know Amycus Carrow’s wife died last war...”“No,” Tracey said, sounding horrified.“That’s just a guess on my part.” Draco shrugged. “But it wasn’t what she wanted. Daphne, the real message was for you.”“For me?” Daphne cast a dubious look in the direction of her Transfiguration textbook. “She can talk to me any time, we’re the only two in our dorm who get up any earlier than we have to.”“That’s because you’re a demon who doesn’t need sleep,” Tracey muttered.“Not this,” Draco said, heavily. “Daphne, that letter they were circulating? She wouldn’t tell me most of it but... There's a list of muggleborns, and students who are too politically outspoken, and on the top... There are a few traitors that the Dark Lord has - he’s said he’ll reward anyone who kills them.”“Ah.” Daphne had gone very still. “I’m on the list, aren’t I.” Her voice was calm, as though she was discussing what would be served for lunch, but her hand trembled slightly, making her quill rustle.“You’re first on the list,” Draco said. “I think we’d better go to the Headmaster about moving you out of the girls’ dorm.”Daphne sighed. “Well, if we’ve got to, we’ve got to,” she said, and began shoveling books into her bag with such violence that Madam Pince started over from her desk at once. “--I’m going,” Daphne said when she had just opened her mouth, got up, and only belatedly turned to the rest of them. “Well, are you coming?”The walk to the Headmaster’s office was miserable and silent. There was no conversation until Harry had requested entrance from the griffin, and they were on the spiral staircase. Tracey said, “I should probably be moved too, then,” and Daphne nodded curtly. Then they were knocking, as a group, on the office.“Enter,” Dumbledore called. They trooped inside as a group, and he sat back, looking over them thoughtfully. "Please, take seats.” He waved a hand, and the single chair in front of his desk multiplied.Daphne and Draco exchanged looks. Harry realized that he and Ron and Hermione might be the only students present who were used to talking to Dumbledore, and Ron and Hermione much less than him. He said, “Sir, Daphne got - a threat - well, a tip, really,” and turned to Draco and Daphne, who knew better than him what was going on.Daphne hesitated a moment. She was fair skinned, but right now her face was as white as paper. She looked like the walking dead. Finally she lifted her chin and said, evenly, “You’ll have heard about last spring, Headmaster. Pansy Parkinson tipped off Draco that the Dark Lord’s called for my murder and circulated a letter in Slytherin promising a reward to any student who kills me. We--” Her voice broke. She swallowed, then went on, “I probably shouldn’t stay in my dorm. Or Tracey, because my dorm mates know we - sleep in the same bed, sometimes.”“I see,” Dumbledore said, slowly, gravely. He looked very tired, now. “Did Miss Parkinson indicate who was involved in this plot? --I suppose not if she approached indirectly. Well. Miss Greengrass, Miss Davis,” he said, nodding to them each, “There are options. We can transfer you into a younger year’s dorm, so that your dorm mates are not threats; we can transfer you to another House. It may be possible, given the smaller student body, to appropriate an empty dorm room within Slytherin. Or we can house you elsewhere, perhaps in the vicinity of staff quarters, outside the House structure. You would remain in Slytherin House for other purposes, unless you feel that attending classes with your House is a threat as well.”Daphne and Tracey exchanged looks. “I’m not sure...” Daphne began, voice breathy. Then she straightened and lifted her chin, and her voice gained strength. “Professor Sinistra has done a lot with the house in just the last week or so, but bluntly, my classmates don’t really believe in her authority yet and I would hate for them to decide killing me under her nose is a good way of testing it. But I know there are - maybe not Death Eaters anymore, but sympathizers, in other houses. If Tracey agrees, I think it would probably be for the best if we weren’t housed in a dorm.”Dumbledore nodded. “I will notify Professor Sinistra and the other staff, and have the elves remove your things to your new quarters,” he said. “--One thing. Given that dormitory setups are traditional, I don’t see any real issue with you continuing to share a room, particularly as otherwise you will be forced into isolation for very long periods under the present security measures. But I regret that if any staff see reason to object to your behavior measures might have to be taken. Your discretion is requested.”Daphne’s cheeks went crimson, but she said crisply, “Understood, sir.”“Thank you.” Dumbledore glanced between them. “Mr. Black, do you feel you are also in danger?”Draco thought about it, then slowly shook his head. “I’m seen as loyal to my mother, sir, the same way other students from moderate families are. If my father was alive, or if my mother had left after the Dark Lord returned, it would be different, but I’m not in any special danger. We're to be persuaded, not immediately killed. And...” He paused, then said in a rush, “Not everyone in my year is committed to the Dark Lord, but if I leave the dorm, there won’t be anyone left who’s willing to argue against him openly. I don’t want to give up on Blaise yet, sir.”“You are very brave,” Dumbledore said gravely, after a moment. “Very well. If there are other students who are in danger, please let them know that they have only to speak with me, or their Heads of Houses. I will notify the staff of the letter. Thank you, very much, for warning me. Miss Greengrass, Miss Davis,” he said, rising, “I will show you to your quarters now. The rest of you are dismissed.”For all the drama of the weekend, including several gruesome murders reported in the Prophet, Harry still had to go to class and do his homework. And the following Wednesday, he had a new challenge: the first Quidditch practice he had to lead. This was nerve-wracking for a number of reasons.  Oliver had been a Keeper and Angelina a Chaser, both positions with particular advantages for a Captain, but Harry, as a Seeker, had to train the rest of the team to deal with parts of play he never personally dealt with at all.On Wednesday after an early dinner, the Gryffindor Quidditch team and reserves assembled on the Quidditch pitch: fourteen students from first to seventh year. Very few of them had played at Hogwarts before. There were Harry, Ron and Katie from the previous year’s team, and Ginny, who had practiced with Gryffindor while Harry had been kidnapped the previous spring, who occupied a kind of middle space between the senior members and the entirely new Demelza, Ritchie and Jimmy, not to mention the seven new reserves.Harry swept his gaze over them. Demelza stood between Ginny and Katie, looking nervous. Ritchie and Jimmy were shifting. Among the reserves, first year Cecelia Lovett stared defiantly at the older students surrounding her, while Cormac McLaggen glared at Ron.“All right,” Harry said, and felt the unnerving sensation of thirteen pairs of eyes centered on him. “We’ve got a lot of new people this year, and that’s going to be hard. Fortunately, you’re all fantastic.” They shifted under his gaze. “No, seriously - we had a load of people at tryouts, some really great players didn’t get in, and that’s because all of you are better.“We’re going to start out flying drills today, and reserves will be with the starting players. Katie, Ron, I’m counting on you to do a certain amount of teaching today, sorry.” He grinned at them. Katie grinned back. Ron looked faintly queasy, but nodded. “If that goes well, halfway through we’ll switch and play a practice game, starters versus reserves, just for an hour or so. No Snitch, because Madam Hootch will kill me if we lose it practicing, but I’ll keep an eye on you while I drill Lily.” His reserve seeker’s name hadn’t gotten any easier to say yet, but Harry stopped himself from flinching. There were practice Snitches which could be programmed to come in after a certain amount of time, but they were even more expensive than real Snitches. Harry had been debating writing to Sirius to ask for one - the first time in his life he would have solicited an expensive gift by request - and he hadn’t yet made up his mind.If there was one thing he had learned from Wood, it was not to keep everyone standing on the field going over maneuvers for an hour when they expected to practice. Fortunately, with daylight at a premium, he couldn’t have even if he wanted to.Harry had planned to begin with simple drills from the Quidditch handbooks he had been studying in his scarce free time in order to get an idea of how the new players would do. Cormac McLaggen did let out an indignant, “That’s it?” when Harry gave his instructions, but several other players looked relieved, so Harry said firmly, “That’s it until I see how you do with it, McLaggen,” mounted his broom, and blew his whistle before any further argument could occur.He had his own reserve to train. Lily Abbott was thirteen years old, spindly, with strawberry red hair a shade or two yellower than Ginny’s, which Harry spared a thought to hoping hadn’t inspired her name, and an oddly put together face. She had had a white knuckled grip on her broom the whole time he was talking, but fortunately she relaxed once they kicked off. Remembering his first training session with Wood, Harry had brought golf balls for her to chase, although he would be throwing or dropping them from the air, where he could observe the rest of the players.Lily missed a few easy throws at the beginning but seemed to even out when he only encouraged her to try again, and quickly was performing well, although there were a few throws she gave up on too easily. Still, she was both young and only getting started. Harry continued throwing until she was catching golf balls easily. Then he set her to practicing dives in sets of three, then zooming across the pitch between all of the other active players - which would be good practice for them as well - and circled up himself to observe how things were going.The Beaters were the only group that was completely new. Harry wished he could have had Fred and George there to help train their replacements. Instead, he flew over to observe their bludger passing drills and offer a few encouraging words, and a correction to Brian’s one handed grip on his broom. The Chasers, with Ginny there to help Katie, seemed to be doing fine. They were running passing drills with the quaffle, and as Harry watched, Katie gestured Ginny over to demonstrate a move to the hovering Demelza, Taliesin, Cecelia and Aimee. Cecelia seemed to be keeping up all right, Harry decided, trying to watch them without getting so close as to be unnerving. If anything, it was Aimee who was lagging slightly, but then, she was also a reserve and this was her first practice...A violent movement in the corner of his eyes made Harry spin reflexively, half-expecting a loose bludger. But in fact, Cormac McLaggen was zooming out of control towards Ron, who was staring, looking unimpressed. Cormac stopped a few feet away and seemed to be shouting. Harry, sighing, started over on his Firebolt, but by the time he got there Cormac had gone angrily silent.“Is there a problem?” Harry asked, looking mostly at Ron.“No,” McLaggen said, sounding angry. Ron mouthed ‘Later.’“Right, let’s see you do the blocking drills,” Harry said, backing away to allow them space. Both McLaggen and Ron looked unhappy, but they performed the drill perfectly competently, and after watching it executed several times, Harry described the next several in the sequence he had planned out for Keeper drills. If McLaggen was bored with beginning drills, perhaps that would make things easier.The practice game went well. Lily was frustrated by not being able to play directly, so Harry had her practice flying through the other players the same way she had done earlier, interfering with their maneuvers equally and giving them practice dodging a distracted Seeker. McLaggen might be frustrating, but proved to be a competent Keeper. He missed one more goal than Ron for a final score of two-starting and one-reserve, but, as Harry reminded everyone when they landed, the starting team had one excellent Chaser with six years of experience. “I’ll be splitting you up for practice games occasionally, so you all have practice playing with different combinations,” he went on. “Great work, everyone, I’ll see you Saturday afternoon. Go get changed.”Ron clearly wanted to talk to him, so Harry hung back slightly. Ron did not waste any time: “Was there another Keeper close to McLaggen?” he said. “Halfway decent?”“That bad?” Harry said, walking with Ron to the changing rooms, trailing their team mates.“He is an utter prick,” Ron said. “He kept insinuating he was a better Keeper and you’d notice once you saw us playing together... That I only got on the team because I’m your friend...”“You’re on the team because you made it last year and you have seniority,” Harry said. “Give him a couple practices to calm down and I’ll talk to him if he’s still going at you, all right?”“All right,” Ron said skeptically.They were waylaid again on their way from the changing rooms to the castle by a jubilant Hagrid. “Harry, Ron!” he said. “No ‘Ermione? --Nah, yer headed up from Quidditch practice. I’ve got to tell you--” He lowered his voice conspicuously. “Aragog’s better!”Harry and Ron exchanged glances. Harry was not entirely certain he could express unfeigned happiness, and Ron looked even more dubious. “Er, so the colony’s doing all right, then?” Harry said, trying not to sound disappointed.“Well,” Hagrid said, voice dropping, “That’s t’ thing, Cassie seemed t’think it wasn’t the best place for them, the Ferbidden Forest. Near the castle an’ all - but she said she’d be in touch wit’ a fellow in Borneo, that’s where acromantula live, about relocatin’ ‘em to a nature preserve... Talked to Aragog about it an' all, and t’ rest of t’ colony, and they don’t mind the thought o’ more prey, so it looks like they’ll be movin’ some time this autumn.”“Really?” Harry said enthusiastically. “That’s great - that they’ll have more space, I mean--”“Yeah, and they’ll get to, er, travel,” said Ron, looking considerably more enthusiastic about the idea of the acromantula being much further away from him. “Cassiopeia Black actually talked to the colony?”“Yeah,” Hagrid said. “Not many people’d do that, either, but she’s an interestin’ woman, Cassie - loads of questions about what I do, and the creatures in t’ forest - wouldn’t mind talking to her again, she said she might stop by...”At this point the sun was nearly down, and they had to excuse themselves to go back to the castle. Hermione was not quite as jubilant as Ron at the news that the acromantula colony would soon be relocated, but she gave a relieved sigh after they finished their news. “I did think it wasn’t the best place for them,” she said. “I mean, they’re not exactly native carnivores - and who knows what they’ve been preying on--”“Like students?” Ron muttered.“Don’t be ridiculous,” said  Hermione.“Ridiculous? They nearly ate us!” said Ron. “Just because you’re obsessed with nonhuman rights--”“I meant, Ron, that we’d hear about it if students were going missing being eaten by acromantula in the forest,” said  Hermione. “I imagine most aren’t stupid enough to go wandering into the colony.”“Hagrid sent us,” Harry pointed out, “We were trying to get information on the basilisk.”“Well, if either of you ever went to the library without me...”

September continued in a haze of homework and struggle to master nonverbal magic. Over the weekend, Hermione invited Ron and Harry to come to Professor Sinistra's celebration for the Jewish New Year, Rosh Hoshanah, which was a welcome break after two weeks of unending practice at something almost no one in their year could do very well. In the middle of the following week, Hermione returned from an Arithmancy review session to find Harry and Ron working on Potions essays, and told them that Sotero had asked her to retrieve them all. “He said he wants to tell us something - family news,” she whispered, so they gathered up their materials and left the library.Harry hadn’t been in a teacher’s private quarters since Sirius had left at the end of fourth year. Sotero, as it transpired, lived on the side of the castle overlooking the forest, in quarters behind a painting of an elderly witch surrounded by alchemy equipment. Hermione gave the password quickly (“Capricorn”) and pushed the door open with obvious comfort, calling, “I brought them!”Ron eyed Hermione skeptically. Harry looked around. Sotero’s quarters were messier than most of the teachers’ offices and rooms he had seen, although he supposed Sotero was probably less accustomed to living alone. There was a scattering of grading, books, and dishes that hadn’t been returned to the kitchen on a long wooden table taking up the wall under the windows. Several cloaks, a bag and a scarf were taking over the nearest armchair.“Sorry!” Sotero called, coming in through an open doorway, coffee tray in hand. “Sit down - er, let me clear some more space--” And he let go of the tray and sent it floating to the coffee table by the cluttered sofa while absently tossing articles of clothing, books and papers into the air, where they flew into their assigned places without Sotero ever touching his wand. Harry was torn between the impression that Sotero was certainly not much older than them and the reminder that Sotero was nevertheless absolutely Bellatrix Lestrange’s son.“--So,” Sotero said, finally, collapsing into an armchair, then straightening to pour them coffee as they took seats. “I thought you’d want to know what was going on with the, er, artifact in my parents’ Gringotts’ vault.”“You got an answer?” Harry asked eagerly, leaning forward.“I did,” Sotero said. “Aunt Myrtle wasn’t sure how to get in - they certainly never let her near the actual bank vault - but there are a few other Lestrange women who went to France at the end of the war or before it, and she wrote to my aunts to see if any would return her letters on my behalf. Unfortunately she confirmed that there are protections on the vault that ensure some rather lethal effects if an unauthorized person enters, whether the goblins allow them in or not - apparently if they touch anything the artifacts will turn burning hot and multiply, that sort of stupid anti-theft pureblood curse.”“Then do we have someone authorized?” Harry asked.“There was a bit of a fuss over figuring out who could even work before she could write back, apparently,” Sotero said. “The Lestranges didn’t habitually let women of the family withdraw money either before my father inherited, and the vast majority of the survivors were the women of the family who were basically noncombatants. There was some sort of crossfire accident in 1978 that killed my paternal grandmother, and after that my father sent everyone who was willing to go out of the country to wait out the war. As it happens, there is one Lestrange man who fled after refusing to serve Voldemort in 1955 when my father’s father inherited the family, and he could get into the vault. But there’s the slightly awkward part where Voldemort put a death mark on Alexandre Lestrange if he ever showed his face in Britain again - he wrote some very inflammatory editorials after leaving the country, his twin was murdered in the initial fight - and I hate to ask him to risk coming back, although I’m fairly sure he would. But, fortunately, there’s another solution.” Here he stopped the continuous stream of words and took a sip of coffee, giving Harry time to actually absorb what he had said.“There is?” Hermione asked. “Can the authorization problem be circumvented? Or is there someone else who can add people?”“The first, sort of,” Sotero said. “That is - I don’t know if you know about Legilimentic child bonding? --it’s colloquially called soul bonding, or soul ties, although there are other things those refer to, too.”"Snape brought it up, er, teaching me about Occlumency," said Harry, remembering at the last minute he was not supposed to discuss his Legilimency lessons, as teaching even the theory had been incredibly illegal.“My brothers are,” Ron said, rolling his eyes. “And it’s a pain in the arse.”“Only because they’re them,” Hermione said, and added, “Fern and Jonquil Black are, too, if you know who they are.” Harry remembered, belatedly, how this had nearly got them all caught during the temporary theft of most of the Hogwarts Library last year.“Good, you're familiar with the idea,” Sotero said. “So, it’s most associated with twins, but there’s a longstanding academic debate about whether it’s caused by genetic relationship or pure proximity or both, because same age cousins who are born close enough together can end up soul tied, too, but apparently only when they’re raised in the same household from a very young age. There are claims of unrelated young children bonding in rare cases, but the best documented case involved a strong suspicion the ‘unrelated’ child was actually an illegitimate half-sibling. Twins with Legilimency who are separated at birth sometimes are, too, but that might be because of proximity in utero...” He gestured. “And it's rumored to be a rare side effect of certain other magic performed on young enough children.”“So - that lets you substitute one person for the other?” said Harry, recalling the text of his readings for Snape. “And there’s someone who might work?”“Yes,” Sotero said. “As it happens. When I told Sirius this, Aunt Andy volunteered the information that she and my mother -- I mean, Bellatrix -- are soul bound.”There was a long silence.“They’re what?” said Hermione, who as usual absorbed the information soonest. “I mean - aren’t they supposed to end up killing themselves if they’re separated?”“Frequently, but not always,” Sotero said, and shrugged helplessly. “This is all news to me, too, and the Blacks were doing some interesting things to their children to end up with this result, because Aunt Andy and my mother are a little more than two years apart in age, and that shouldn’t have happened, even if they are both natural Legilimens. But I can see why she hasn’t told anyone, because supposedly if you torture one twin, or kill them, the other is often affected, and well, under Crouch...”There was a rather horrible silence. Harry said, trying to rally, “So - your mother could get into the vault, then, and - Aunt Andromeda - can substitute for her?”“Apparently,” Sotero said. “We’ll be going in to check this weekend.”“You and I are going home anyway,” Hermione added to Harry, “Because I’m seventeen tomorrow and we’re finalizing the legal adoption, Sirius wrote and had Rachel talk to Dumbledore about me.”“So we’ll know right away, then,” Harry said, relieved, and smiled apologetically at Ron.“It’ll probably be really boring anyway,” said Ron, “Making a bank withdrawal and filling out paperwork...”"So - Aunt Andromeda can get into the vault," said Harry, and awkwardly, "And she's - all right."“It’s been nearly thirty years,” Sotero said, and shrugged, helplessly. “I imagine she must have found a way to manage. She said she doesn't really... notice much actively anymore, because she's been so far away from my mother for so long, she thinks it's a bit like having lost a limb a long time ago. It does make a more sense, though, that she would write to me, and to Mother - I know they were writing before she escaped prison. Apparently the MLE censors found it extremely confusing.”They could not actually do much for Hermione’s seventeenth birthday at school with no access to Hogsmeade, but a small group of students mail-ordered a cake from Madam Puddifoot’s (more to absolve Hermione of worrying about the house elves than anything else, although it was true that Madam Puddifoot’s cakes were more specialized than the Hogwarts kitchen’s). They ate the cake outside by the lake. Hermione received presents from her friends at school, and by mail, the most distinctive of which was a ring with a stylized skull and crow emblem, which Hermione stared very hard at and then slipped onto her finger.“Is that from...?” Harry asked on their walk back up to the castle. He had just remembered where he had seen the design before: it was the same as the skull ring on Aunt Cassiopeia’s portrait.“Yes,” Hermione said, softly. “Most people won’t know what it means, though. She said in the note I could - should - wear it, so she must be getting ready for people to really know...”That weekend, Harry and Hermione bid goodbye to Ron (Hermione wishing him luck with his homework; Ron tolerantly rolled his eyes) and went to Professor McGonagall’s office to return home through the Floo. For the first time Harry could recall, Professor McGonagall was plainly curious. But she did not bother them about their purpose in going home together when they did not volunteer the information, only offered them the can of powder. One by one, they called out “Grimmauld Place!” and entered the fireplace.The kitchens of Grimmauld Place were vastly changed from when Harry and Hermione had first seen them. The immense stone room and large cast-iron appliances remained the same, but where before they had been shadowy, dark and musty, now every inch of the kitchens gleamed and they were almost always active. There were too many people in residence and too many guests at any given time for the kitchens to remain idle for long.“Harry Potter!” Dobby said in delight as Harry stumbled out of the Floo. He wished he could get the hang of it as neatly as Hermione, who was no more raised from birth traveling by Floo than him, but had still landed on her feet without so much as a fold of her robes out of place. “And Harry Potter’s friend Hermione! How is Hogwarts?”“School’s good, Dobby, thanks,” Harry said. “How’s Grimmauld Place?”“The master has terrible taste in guests,” said Winky from where she stood in the corner, supervising by magic several bowls of rising dough. “And clothes. And aesthetics,” she said, hissing the last word as though it had personally insulted her.“Winky has been spending too much time cleaning with Kreacher,” said Dobby cheerfully. “Master Sirius has asked us to work on restoring the empty houses. But talking to Kreacher too often has an effect on an elf’s personality--”“Yes,” Winky snapped, “For example Kreacher has explained nearly three hundred ways that his old masters used to kill disobedient servants and I will be testing them out on Dobby if he says another word--”“We’d better go tell them we’re arrived,” said Hermione. “It was nice to see you both! We’ll come back and talk later!” she finished brightly, and banged open the door to the stairs up.Climbing the stone stairs up to the main house, Harry cast an uneasy glance down, towards the story below the kitchens. He had only been to the lower level a few times, but he remembered the two doors: one to the Black crypt, with piles of gleaming white bones just inside, and one to the small, stone ritual magic room where Aunt Cassiopeia had killed him and raised him from the dead last July. The stairs down were dark, now, but the dark seemed to watch their ascent until they emerged from the basement stairs and Harry shut the door firmly behind them.

Hermione led Harry up to the first floor drawing room. It was funny, Harry thought, how foreign the house felt after time at school. They had only been gone for about three weeks.In the drawing room, Sirius sat with Aunt Cassiopeia, alongside Aunt Druella. “I’m glad you both made it,” he said, glancing between them. "We're going to fix Aunt Cassie being legally dead today along with the adoption, so it might be a long day."“Some bureaucrat is about to have an extremely bad time,” Aunt Cassiopeia said. “Well. You both seem to have dressed appropriately. Is everyone ready?”Cassiopeia flipped the same black veils she had worn at the wedding over her hair and face again, and then they left, Apparating in a group to the Ministry Atrium. There were slightly fewer people around than Harry recalled from his previous daytime visits, but the adoption of the modern muggle two-day weekend had been slow and haphazard according to Professor Weasley last year in history, and most Ministry Departments were at least half-staffed on Saturdays.The first awkward moment was at the security officer who weighed wands. Sirius went through first, and Hermione and Harry after him. Then, smiling blandly through her veils, Aunt Cassiopeia passed a wand of pale wood over. The wizard seemed to shiver touching it, and for a moment Harry thought he would ask her name, but he hadn’t bothered with any other visitor. Instead a moment later he read off the strip, “Olive, eleven inches, in use seventy-five years. Correct?”“Yes,” Aunt Cassiopeia said serenely, and moved forward.The Ministry Records Office turned out to be a small, shabby waiting room attached to an office on the same level as the Minister of Magic’s offices. There was an elderly witch in a mix of muggle and magical clothing sitting by herself, head down, and no line by the vacant window. Sirius glanced at her and then moved up to stand in the window. A few moments later, an witch came out to inquire who he was, and a few minutes after that they had been ushered through the door by the horrified director of the office, an elderly and extremely tiny wizard who kept bowing continuously as he walked to Sirius. He also continuously addressed him as Lord Black. Sirius looked pained, Hermione indignant, and Aunt Druella looked like she was trying not to laugh.“--Happy to be of service, of course!” the wizard said in a midst of a flurry of apologies, ushering them into his office and rapidly attempting to clear his desk of memoranda, paperwork and empty sweet wrappers. “Not sure I understand, Lord Black, what need you have of my office--”Sirius looked helplessly at Aunt Druella, who said calmly, “As it happens the matters are in one case filed with the Ministry and need an awkward correction and in the other deal with a muggleborn, who is of course under Ministry jurisdiction.” She paused. “Please be seated, Mr. Entwhistle.”Mr. Entwhistle sat down at once, apparently unoffended that Aunt Druella had just offered him a seat in his own office. There was only one chair opposite and Mr. Entwhistle looked appalled by this, but Aunt Cassiopeia calmly raised a hand and conjured four more so that there were enough for everyone. Mr. Entwhistle seemed on the point of collapse at this bit of magic, which Aunt Cassiopeia had accomplished not only nonverbally but without use of a wand, but Aunt Druella discreetly located the kettle and inquired blandly if they might have some tea while they spoke with him, which had the benefit of giving Mr. Entwhistle something to do besides apologize.“Well, the first thing,” Sirius said when Mr. Entwhistle had unearthed extra teacups from a cabinet and poured them all tea. This ritual clearly relaxed him and he now seemed at least capable of holding a conversation. “This is going to be awkward, Mr. Entwhistle, but the fact is that my father reported a member of the family dead thirty-six years ago and she is not, in fact, dead, but sitting here in this very office. We’ll need the matter corrected, of course.”“Dead!” Mr. Entwhistle said. “In - 1960 - no, that wouldn’t be--” He turned to Aunt Cassiopeia with creeping horror.“Cassiopeia Black, at your service,” Aunt Cassiopeia said gravely and inclined her head with a rustle of lace. “I apologize for the inconvenience to your office.”“No, no,” Mr. Entwhistle said rapidly, but to Harry’s surprise he cheered up immensely on the next sentence: “We’ll just need to find the death certificate, won’t we? One moment, I’ll be back with you shortly--” and vanished promptly out the door, leaving his teacup gently steaming without him.“Dear Merlin,” Aunt Druella said, when his footsteps had receded, “I thought he was going to have a heart attack on the spot.”“He’s probably never had the Head of a family in here, unless it was over a Wizengamot issue and they were tearing him to shreds,” Sirius said, resigned. "Think he'll come back, or make a break for it?""He wouldn't dare," said Aunt Druella, "The rumor is he never leaves this office - he's not supposed to have set a foot outside since he was nearly caught in crossfire in 1973."Mr. Entwhistle returned soon enough with an ancient looking folder and embarked on a complicated negotiation of forms with Aunt Druella, who seemed to be the main person capable of following the conversation. After a few minutes they came to some kind of accord. Mr. Entwhistle handed her several pieces of parchment, then went to get a quill and ink from his desk. He hesitated upon handing these over and turned with trepidation to Aunt Cassiopeia: “And if my lord allows,” he said to her cautiously, “I will need to test a blood sample... procedure, you understand...”Harry was thoroughly unnerved to hear the words ‘my lord’ pass through his lips. He had not even addressed Sirius in this particular way. Aunt Cassiopeia did not seem surprised. She said only, “I will burn the sample when it is complete." When Mr. Entwhistle nodded, she accepted the white handkerchief he handed her and tapped her wand to one finger, then squeezed several drops of blood onto the handkerchief.“There’s no statute of limitations on how long you have to contest an incorrect death certificate, then?” said Hermione.“Goodness! No, of course not,” said Mr. Entwhistle, evidently delighted by such a Hermione-ish question. “It happens constantly - people are always turning their brothers-in-law into elk or their ex-wives into pincushions, and then they go missing and they get declared dead, and fifty years later the caster dies and the Transfiguration is undone, or they stumble into a Ministry-issue anti-Transfiguration ward or something... The other day, do you know, we had someone who’d been overdosed with Draught of Living Death in 1859 and shut in a cupboard. 1859!” He shook his head. “The house had been sold to muggles, and they stumbled into the cupboard and called the muggle MLE squad thinking they’d found a corpse, and the whole thing was a terrible mess for the Obliviators but far worse for the girl, of course. I mean, when she went under the muggles hadn’t invented electricity or cars...”“Is she all right?” Aunt Cassiopeia said.“Yes, yes, they found her grand-niece or something like that to host her, and we got all of the records in order... Here we are!” he said, handed the handkerchief to Aunt Cassiopeia to burn, and accepted the forms from Aunt Druella. He stamped a seal on this last item, signed it quickly, then took another stamp and applied it to the original death certificate, leaving a large red ANNULLED. Taking his wand from over his ear, he attached these two pages together and tapped them, causing a copy of both to spring forth, already bonded. “Here you are, my lord,” he said to Aunt Cassiopeia, giving a funny half bow from his chair. “Now, there was a second matter?”Glances were exchanged.“Yes,” Aunt Cassiopeia said, calmly. “I need to adopt this young woman,” she said, inclining her head towards Hermione, “With the authorization of the Head of the House. You will recall, she is muggleborn. She is also now a legal adult.”“Oh,” said Mr. Entwhistle, much less enthusiastic. “Yes - I’ll just need to get the forms...” He paused here and added, looking at Hermione, “No offense intended, lovely question earlier about the time limits, there are just - rather a lot of forms.”“All day, huh,” Sirius said, when Mr. Entwhistle had gone.“The Ministry doesn’t really encourage adopting muggleborns, no,” Aunt Druella said, dryly. “Or leaving its House jurisdiction in general, for that matter.”Mr. Entwhistle returned with a stack of paper that went from his arms up to his chin. There was Form A-125 To Acknowledge Nonmagical Ancestry and Form B-75 To Admit Someone With No Previous House Allegiance and Form J-1B... Harry stopped listening. He had the impression that everyone else shortly did, too. Eventually, Sirius, Aunt Druella and Aunt Cassiopeia calmly took forms and began filling them out. Periodically one would be passed to Hermione for input or signature. Harry began to rather regret coming.“Er, can I help with anything?” he said, feeling rather stupid sitting there without doing anything.“Probably,” Aunt Druella said, passing him another form immediately, “Check all of the boxes on this one, they should be fairly obvious.”Harry looked down at the form and read:

M-82 SCREENING FOR DANGEROUS MUGGLE IDEOLOGY

1. Have you ever participated in a witch hunt?

Harry sighed, took a quill and dipped it in the ink bottle on the desk, and marked No.It took the six of them - Mr. Entwhistle helping occasionally - two hours to fill in the forms required for the Lord of a Wizengamot House to permit the adoption of a muggleborn girl into his family via a single, female adoptive parent. At the end of it, they staggered back out of the small, cluttered office, through the dingy sitting room and out into the dazzlingly bright Ministry hallway with very little fanfare.“Well,” Sirius said, “You’re Hermione Black now, how does it feel?”“Extremely strange,” Hermione said crisply, but she turned to Aunt Cassiopeia and hugged her tightly, then burst into tears.They went back to Grimmauld Place feeling collectively dazed. Sotero and Aunt Andromeda were that same morning making their attempt on the Lestrange vault - it was the opinion of Aunt Druella and Aunt Cassiopeia that the magic would be more likely to accept them if there were no non-Lestranges present - and everyone else could only wonder how it was going over lunch. There had been another nasty murder reported in the paper discarded previously in the sitting room, and Harry had difficulty working up any real enthusiasm for his soup. They were all tense, waiting for Aunt Andromeda and Sotero to come back on what should, but would not necessarily, be a routine bank transaction - aside from the part where they were withdrawing a Horcrux.In the meantime, Sirius wrote to Hogwarts to announce the adoption and had Hermione sign the letter. He also wrote to Gringotts to authorize her continued use of an individual bank vault. Aunt Cassiopeia, who had returned to the house with them, read over his shoulder and took the quill to sign the letters after as Hermione’s adoptive mother. She said, mildly, “Sotero isn’t expecting to keep teaching now that people will inevitably find out, is he?”“I did,” Sirius pointed out.“You’d just come from Azkaban for more then a decade,” Aunt Druella said. She had a stack of correspondence piled high next to her on her love seat, and was skimming letters rapidly. “You could have gone naked in public and people wouldn’t have been shocked, taking a teaching position and refusing to marry was mild...”“Speaking of which,” began Narcissa, who had come down halfway through lunch to join them.“--He is a grown man who can decide for himself,” Aunt Cassiopeia said crisply, “Not to mention that planning your wedding is quite enough for the House. Have you and Severus managed to come to any agreement on the contract yet, or are you still tearing each other’s throats out every time you discuss it?”Harry blinked. He had totally forgotten that Aunt Narcissa had asked Snape to marry her over the summer.“Well, he isn’t about to join the Blacks willingly,” Aunt Narcissa said with irritation, “So it will most likely have to be a visiting contract in technicality--”“And in practice, since moving in with Severus Snape would inevitably end in a double murder,” Sirius muttered.“Shut up, Sirius. Aunt Cassie is working with him on adapting Wolfsbane to be safe during pregnancy, so if they succeed I may be able to have children at some point again--”“Frightening thought, Snape’s children,” Sirius said.Aunt Narcissa put a hand over his mouth with great dignity and went on, “But none of that is going to be this year... Is that them?”Someone was coming up the stairs. “It is,” Sirius said, rising eagerly just as the door to the sitting room was flung open.“We have it!” Sotero said, tossing a magically enchanted bag onto the couch next to Sirius and triumphantly raising his fist in the air. “--What is it, anyway?” he asked, pulling a chair from one of the tables and straddling it to sit backwards. “Do I get to hear, now that I’ve lost the benefit of anonymity for it?”Glances were exchanged. There seemed to be an argument brewing but Aunt Cassiopeia cut it off by saying, calmly, “It’s a Horcrux. I trust you know--?”Sotero was looking appalled but nodding. “Yes. So he’s mortal once it’s destroyed?“Nearly,” Aunt Cassiopeia said. “He has made more than one.”“More than--” Sotero was horrified. “Mother slept with him? Knowing this?”Harry put down his spoon, wished vividly and ferociously that he could use the excuse of clearing up, and instead rapidly departed with no explanation, followed by Hermione. Voices were continuing in the sitting room but Harry refused to listen to them. “Homework,” he said to Hermione, shutting the door behind him, with greater enthusiasm than he had ever expressed for this concept before. “Do we have any to work on, I mean.”“I think Aunt Cassie said she found some dementor books for me, and she’d leave them in my room,” Hermione said quickly, face anxious, “Let’s go look, our essays are due soon anyway.”Sitting on Hermione’s bed and pouring through horrible books about horrible studies done on - horrible - dementors was not that much of an improvement, but at least, Harry thought dismally, these horrible things were all well in the past. The most recent of the books Aunt Cassiopeia had found on dementors had been written twenty years ago, during - Harry winced as he checked the date - the last war. But at least it was a distraction.After an hour or two, they emerged from Hermione’s bedroom by mutual accord and found the adults calmer, although Sotero was now resignedly discussing politics with Aunt Druella. “The cup is destroyed,” Aunt Andromeda told them, seeing them re-enter. “We have one piece, left.”Something in her voice echoed oddly. Harry realized after a moment that what felt strange to him was her mind, something he was only half-conscious of most of the time now that he had stopped drifting into people's thoughts by accident. She looked the same as usual to his eyes, even if he tried to view magic: the Black looks were softer on Aunt Andromeda than most of the other family members, although she was still striking, her coloring not quite as stark as Sirius or Aunt Narcissa’s, her face’s lines kinder. She was wearing her usual mix of muggle and magical clothing in private, slacks and a button-up shirt under a robe. But Harry felt the edges of people’s minds by habit now, and Aunt Andromeda’s surface texture was subtly different, harder, cooler - more like Bellatrix’s.Of course, Harry thought, Aunt Andromeda had had to impersonate her sister’s mind in order to get into the Lestrange vault, using their connection... Some thought intruded on Harry’s mind, and he remembered with a sudden feeling of nausea - for he usually tried not to think about it - the days he had spent captive in the Lestrange Keep, talking to no one on earth but Bellatrix Lestrange.They had had a single conversation about politics. Harry was extremely confident that Bellatrix had been lying about nearly every word she had said about her and Voldemort's goals. The aims she had claimed to have made no sense, anyway - she could not protect the magical world from the consequences of inevitable discovery by muggles by putting it under the rule of blood purists. But there had been one thing she had said about her sister serving as figurehead... Harry had assumed she had meant Aunt Narcissa, particularly in light of the information Aunt Narcissa had been speaking to Bellatrix in secret, but now he wasn't so sure.

At dinner that night, the subject of their plans for the next Horcrux came up, which meant telling Sotero where it was hidden. “The Greengrass--?” Sotero put a hand over his face. “Merlin. That’s...”“So close, and yet so far,” Aunt Druella said caustically.“There’s no way of you insisting on access, then?” Sirius said.“God, no, not unless I want to promptly have a tenant revolt on my hands - and it's not that I object on principle to why they would. You understand, I’ve never met any of these people myself - nor will they be thrilled now to meet me - but Aunt Myrtle taught me the theory, expecting that some day my father would die in prison.” Sotero gestured with his wine glass. “There have always been historical issues in the estate lands over the Lestranges being Catholic, and the Greengrasses are one of the major Wizarding Church families with magic. The Lestrange charter is extremely draconian even by the older pureblood family standards, so they cling to the few rights they have, and noninterference in issues of traditional religion is one of them. I couldn’t access the crypt if the land was still occupied, and even if I was willing to evict the entire family for no reason I’d need an excuse to do it.”“You wouldn’t necessarily have to throw them off the land,” Aunt Druella said, “You could instate Daphne as the property owner instead of Argus.”“I’d still need a legal excuse before the ethical issues could even be in question,” Sotero said, shaking his head. “And I doubt Argus Greengrass is going to hand me one - particularly one good enough the rest of the tenants will accept a new, foreign lord’s word for it - knowing he’s just allowed Voldemort to conceal something vitally important on his land.”“Does he know?” Harry said. Aunt Druella and Sotero looked at him, startled. “I mean, Daphne said he was mad she even got involved with Voldemort. He must know they did something to the crypt, but would he want to hide something for the war?”“Hm,” Aunt Druella said, thoughtful.“I could ask...” Sotero said, hesitant.Aunt Druella shook her head. “Don’t risk it, you’re right that no one will trust you. Maybe on the Lestrange estate more than any other - Gaidic, your grandfather, used to execute people for petty crimes and display their bodies on the wall of the ancestral castle--”Harry choked. Hermione made a nauseated noise into her bread roll.“The Blacks used to have a reputation almost as bad,” Aunt Cassiopeia said, but added, “Gaidic was universally loathed in his day, I remember when he inherited. There was nearly an insurrection in support of the younger brother Reinhard, but Reinhard managed to calm them before it turned into a massacre. I sometimes wonder if he should have.”“Reinhard - you mean Voldemort’s school friend?” Harry asked.“I’m surprised you know that,” Aunt Druella said. “Yes, he was the one. He dated Lucretia in school and for a time we thought they would marry, she probably remembers him better. Anyway, what I was getting at is that we should find someone else to sound out Argus on whether he actually knows there’s something hidden in the crypt. Daphne might write to her sisters, even, and see if they’re willing to approach him, though we can’t tell them details.”Harry and Hermione returned to Hogwarts early Sunday morning. Professor McGonagall did not seem to have heard from Dumbledore on the subject of Sirius’s letter yet, if Dumbledore had even opened it. She greeted them as Mr. Potter and Miss Granger as usual, at any rate, and allowed them to go back to Gryffindor. Harry wondered, with trepidation, how the school was going to take the news of the adoption. He hoped Hermione had prepared herself for it.In fact there was very little interest in Hermione, because as the family had predicted, Sotero’s relationship with the Lestranges was screamed across the papers Monday morning. Rita Skeeter had not been involved, but she hadn’t needed to be, because Sotero's entrance to Gringotts with Aunt Andromeda had been noticed and speculated on by several other reporters. Rita Skeeter, instead, several days later published an interview with Sotero on the subject of his childhood in relative anonymity in France, the aunt - a Bones relative - who had raised him, his little sister, still at school in Beauxbatons, and his parents, whose reasons for sending him to France with one of the most liberal Lestrange relatives Sotero emphasized he could only speculate on.It was a masterpiece of appealing to the sympathies of liberal readers and Harry was annoyed, reading it, that Skeeter would get credit for an article she had only written because of Hermione’s blackmail. But Sotero, having been publicly identified, presented a security problem for the school and was assailed with post from people indignant about his responsibilities, so he very soon had to resign and go take over administration of the Lestrange lands from the uncreative but honest ministry appointee Herbert Montague. Hermione took over teaching several lower class sections while Hogwarts searched for a replacement, and reduced her review sessions to twice a week, which at least made it easier for the rest of them to escort her, as stressed as she was by the additional work.In the midst of this drama it was nearly a week before any of their teachers remarked, dryly, that it was apparently ‘Miss Black’ now during roll call and received Hermione’s practiced acknowledgment and the stares of their classmates. It took a few more days for things to filter through the student body in general but there were soon whispers and stares following Hermione wherever she went. No one said anything directly, but Lavender’s stares became very intense, and she and Parvati developed a tendency to whisper together in concern while staring in  Hermione’s direction which Harry found extremely annoying.“Ignore them,” Daphne said, firmly. “Half of them are jealous and half are watching to see if you fulfill expectations for an adopted Black. Draco was one thing, he’s a member of the extended House, but some of them will have pulled out history books and portraits and found out the Blacks used to have a reputation for snatching up people whose personalities and talents match the family repertoire for fresh genetic material. They’re waiting to see if you start cursing people in the halls. It’ll go away after a while.”Harry, Ron and Hermione, along with Draco, had gone to see Daphne and Tracey in their private living quarters, which had the benefit of being one of the few places totally safe from Lavender and Parvati’s whispering. It had apparently once been a teacher’s suite, and therefore had a separate sitting room and bedroom and its own fireplace, although Daphne had said wryly that the Floo connection was disabled. The sitting room was currently covered mostly in books, several items of discarded clothing, and a large, hand-drawn poster with a magically-animated Devil’s Snare plant throttling several cartoon figures helpfully labeled ‘Draco Malfoy,’ ‘Pansy Parkinson’ and ‘Theodore Nott.’ (“I drew that second year,” Tracey had said, blushing.) Hermione had brought Crookshanks along, and he was currently investigating the inside of the girls' wardrobe.“Listen, while we’re here,” said Hermione, who hated talking about her new fame, “We were supposed to ask you something, Daphne. You mentioned Bellatrix added protections to your family crypt last spring, right? Did you get any idea while you were home how much your uncle knows about it?”“He knows something was done, I mean,” Daphne said, “Because the Greengrass family teaches magic sight like the Blacks--”“It does?” Draco said dubiously.“--Yeah, they subscribe to the ‘children who die in training are sacrifices to magic’ theory,” Daphne said, and made a face. “I have no idea what Mum told him about the crypt, or how much she knew, for that matter.” She paused. “I can ask Aster, maybe, she’s been sneaking up here to see me and Trace. What is it exactly I’m asking?”Harry said, cautiously, “There’s - something hidden in the crypt, we’re pretty sure we know what it is, but we’re not sure how to actually get at it. It was.. brought up that you’ve said your uncle isn’t actually that sympathetic to Voldemort.”“No, I know what you mean,” Daphne said. “I don’t know if he knows, but if they didn’t ask him first he probably will be angry, maybe angry enough to let Sotero into the crypt. I can’t believe you didn’t tell me he was my feudal lord, by the way.”“We honestly thought he was never going to admit it,” Hermione said. “He was very insistent he wouldn’t last year.”“Oh, that makes it all fine--” Daphne rolled her eyes. “You know the entire reason my family is so poor is that we haven’t had anyone to appeal to? Abraxas Malfoy, who my mother always said had a cash box for a heart, was the Ministry appointee until he died before our second year, and since then it’s been some soulless Ministry lump... Oh, well,” she said, abruptly reversing course, “It’s not like you could make him. He wrote to me earlier this week and said he’d grant me land in my own right somewhere far away from the rest of my family once I’ve turned seventeen in February, there’s enough vacant to do it and enough of the senior tenants apparently sympathize with me it won’t be a problem, and he gave me access to an orphan's stipend, so I’m suddenly not impoverished anymore. Which is deeply weird.”Hermione was promptly absorbed into a conversation about leases with Daphne and Draco that made no sense at all to Harry. He looked at Tracey instead, and found her tracing circles into the coffee table. “Are you looking forward to farming or dreading it?” he asked her.Tracey jumped and looked up, then smiled. “Nah, I grew up in a tiny village, my mother’s a teacher, but she keeps chickens and stuff. I was sort of hoping going to magic school meant getting away from the arse end of nowhere, but...”“Overly optimistic of you,” Daphne said, glancing over and smiling fondly at Tracey. Tracey’s eyes went soft in return, and Harry looked away, wanting to give them privacy.“Anyway,” Tracey said, “Sotero offered her a townhouse property, too, the Lestranges’ land is mostly rural but not completely. And a lot of magical city neighborhoods are depopulated because of Death Eater security problems, so there should be something empty, if the war’s over when we’re out of school, and we get jobs and want to live in a city.” Her voice went flat on the last part. “Assuming we’re still alive.”“Speaking of,” Daphne said after an awkward silence, “How’s Slytherin going for you, Draco? At least Pansy and Mill aren’t actually marked.”“Theo is,” Draco said, lip curling. “I knew he would be by now,” he said when Harry, Ron and Tracey all turned to stare at him. “He’s heir to the Notts. They’d have taken him as soon as they could after he turned sixteen, in case he changed his mind and tried to take away the purse strings from the Dark Lord after inheriting. He doesn't have a specific mission at the school, I suppose, since the castle didn't stop him from entering. Crabbe and Goyle aren’t important enough to be marked that young, or talented enough. But I’m working on Blaise, so it’s been all right, really, except I got kicked off the Quidditch team.”“What?” Harry said, startled.“You kept that quiet!” Daphne said.Draco shrugged. “It seems less important now, I suppose,” he said, which had to be a lie, Harry thought, given Quidditch was the thing Draco seemed to care most about. “And honestly, I’m probably better off not flying on a team with a bunch of the Dark Lord’s supporters, as much as I hate to admit it.  Although  I was sorely tempted to apply for re-sorting. The main reason I didn’t is that there’s no chance I’d end up in Hufflepuff, so either I'd still be in Slytherin or I’d have to try out against a captain’s position either way, and that’s hopeless even when one of the captains isn’t Harry.”Harry blinked, shocked more than anything else by the implication Draco thought he might have been re-sorted into Gryffindor.As October began, most of Harry’s classmates were at least occasionally successful with nonverbal magic, although it was still much more difficult than the regular kind for everyone except Hermione. Daphne spoke to Asteria but couldn’t get any conclusions from her sister that were particularly helpful. Asteria said she’d write and try to be subtle, but not long afterwards Daphne received a letter from her mother in direct reply. On the one hand, this at least told Daphne that her mother was still alive, and she had included some general news about her sisters. On the other, she also had spent nearly a page calmly dressing down Daphne for betraying her family via underhanded sabotage, and Daphne missed an entire day of classes crying over it.“What,” Ron said in disbelief once they managed to get the letter out of her clenched fist, “Like she’d be happier if you betrayed them without sabotage?’“She might have been,” Daphne said, hiccoughing. “She puts a lot of stock on honor.”“The mission you sabotaged was murdering Susan’s little brothers, along with the rest of her family,” Harry said, flatly. “And what you did was turn it into a fair fight.”Daphne smiled weakly and nodded, but her eyes were still hard on the letter. And it did not seem particularly likely they would get any helpful news of Argus Greengrass’s opinion that way, at least until Asteria went home for the holidays and had a chance to talk to him in person.Since they weren’t able to go to Hogsmeade, Harry had mail-ordered Cho’s birthday present. They had planned to have a picnic Thursday morning, as Cho’s Friday class schedule was rather heavy and the seventh year Ravenclaws were having a party in their common room Sunday on her birthday itself, but they both had Thursday mornings off. Circumstances, unfortunately, interfered during Gryffindor Quidditch practice the evening before. McLaggen, who had been more and more of a headache, seized a Beater’s bat from one of the other reserve team members and was apparently trying to demonstrate something when an irritated Harry flew over to demand what was going on. Instead, McLaggen swung around and - hopefully by accident - hit Harry in the head, knocking him cleanly off his broom fifty feet up.Fortunately, there were fourteen players on the pitch, and Ron and Katie had been near enough to slow his descent if not catch him, so Harry had not died. Instead, he was knocked unconscious after a collision with the goal post, and woke up Thursday afternoon in the hospital wing.“Oh, fuck,” he said when appraised of the day. “Cho--”“She had to go to Charms,” said Draco, who was currently present at Harry’s bedside with his Potions homework out. “Ron and Hermione are in your Transfiguration class right now, you’ve missed all your classes. But Cho said I was supposed to tell you she’s not mad at you, although if you don’t kick McLaggen off the team she reserves the right to murder him so he can’t do it again.”“Yeah, that’s fair,” said Harry, fantasizing about enacting grievous violence against McLaggen himself. He did not have the energy for conducting a new set of Keeper trials. When Madam Pomfrey finally released him to go to dinner, he told McLaggen curtly he was off the team and went to ask if Dean, who had been the next best in trials, was up for being on the reserve team instead. Only then, when he was actually free to use as much time as necessary, did he go to apologize to Cho in person and give her her birthday present.Looking around for the rest of the Gryffindor team members the next morning to tell them of the changes, he realized that one of them was missing and went to speak with the other fourth year girls. “Is Demelza sleeping in?” he said.Glances were exchanged. A nervous giggle was set off by one girl with blonde curls. “Nooo,” she said, drawing it out."Then where is she?" Harry said. The girls giggled, and avoided his eyes.Harry was about to lose his temper when Ginny turned from a few places down and said, “C’mere.” When he had gone she said, quietly, “Sorry, I thought someone would’ve told you. Demelza’s in the hospital wing.”“What, did McLaggen get her, too?” said Harry blankly, which was stupid, but the only thing he could think of.Ginny shook her head. “It’s - related, though,” she said, carefully. “I hadn’t really noticed, but she was trailing us - the older students - pretty closely up to the dorms after practice. Well, when we rushed you off to the hospital wing, and I got sidetracked yelling at McLaggen, she didn’t have anybody to follow and she has an earlier curfew, so she went by herself.” She hesitated. “Apparently she’s muggleborn, which I hadn’t guessed...”“Someone ambushed her,” Harry said, stiffening.Ginny nodded. “She was hurt... pretty badly, you probably didn’t notice her in the hospital wing because Madam Pomfrey has the curtains up. She’s awake and she’s talking but I haven't heard who attacked her. I think--” Ginny stopped whatever she was about to say. “You should go see her,” she said instead, “I think she’d appreciate hearing from you. Take Hermione.”

Hermione had History and Ancient Runes Friday morning while Harry was free, so he went to do homework in the library after breakfast instead of going immediately to the Hospital Wing. He wasn’t entirely sure why Ginny had told him to bring Hermione to visit Demelza, but she had agreed to come, and he supposed it might just be that Hermione could give Demelza better advice as another muggleborn.In the meantime, Harry took out several of the books Hermione had ordered and what little the library had in the Restricted Section - he had a pass from Professor Selwyn - and went back to working on his second essay on dementors. Professor Selwyn had assigned an essay on any subject that was currently considered controversial or poorly understood, which was basically everything. Harry was writing his essay on the relationship between dementors and souls, because he had a vague idea that learning more about soul magic - for all it was an evil and disreputable field - could be of use to him with Voldemort. Next to him, Ron was muttering over a Potions essay.Hermione joined them for lunch and Wardcraft in the afternoon, and then the three of them went up to the Hospital Wing. Madam Pomfrey frowned forebodingly when Harry said they were there to see Demelza, if she was up to it, and for a moment Harry thought she would turn them out.Then she gave a great sigh and said, "At least someone is here," and marched back into the Hospital Wing to a bed with the curtains up. "Demelza," she said, head disappearing behind the curtains, "You have visitors - Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Black."Demelza's response was inaudible. The curtains must have Silencing Charms, Harry thought, briefly opening his magic sight. He briefly tried to identify them from the crackling mix of gaudy magic covering the austere white room before he gave up. But she must have agreed, because Madam Pomfrey drew the curtains back. "If you upset her or excite her, you're out immediately," she warned the three of them before retreating.Demelza was not obviously injured, but she did not look healthy. She was lying in bed in hospital robes, with the sheets pulled up to her chest, head turned to the side. A fourth year Transfiguration textbook was out, but she clearly had not been reading it. Her face was pale and her eyes very red, and she looked slightly nauseous. Her brown hair was spread out over the pillow messily."Demelza?" said Hermione hesitantly, hovering chairs over for the three of them. "Er, we've come to see you, if you're all right."Demelza did not lift her head, and for a moment Harry thought she wasn't going to answer. Then she drew her hand up and rubbed her eyes with the back. "Thanks," she said, thickly, and began to lever herself up to a sitting position."Would you like me to put the bed up for you?" Hermione asked. Demelza gave a tiny nod, and she flicked her wand out - Demelza flinched - and waved it, making the top half of the bed crane upward. "It's something muggle hospital beds do," she said, mostly to Ron, who looked impressed by this information."Listen," said Harry, who was feeling more and more terrible. He had been picturing something like the outcome of various stupid jinxes cast before Quidditch matches in years before. Although Demelza did not have the sort of hysterics he remembered from when a student had had to have leaks removed from her ears years ago, she seemed much more seriously upset. "I'm really sorry we didn't have someone walking up with you--""It's not your fault McLaggen nearly killed you," said Demelza indignantly, sniffling again, and then burst into hiccoughing tears. "I thought - I should've asked Ginny to come with me - but I tried to get Jane to and she said no, and--""Is Jane one of the girls in your year?" Harry said, remembering the giggling of Demelza's dorm mates at dinner yesterday.Demelza sniffled and nodded."Well, if I met her last night she seems," Harry said, and stopped, trying to think of a word he could use for a fourteen year-old girl which expressed his feelings but would not upset her dorm mate."Mean and spiteful," Hermione said, and tentatively extended a hand to put it on Demelza's shoulder. Demelza jumped again, but did not pull away. "Are you going to keep playing Quidditch when you're out?"Harry stifled his automatic protest that he had only a month to find a new player. That was what the reserves were for anyway. He kicked Ron in case he said anything.Demelza looked as though she had not considered this question. "Yes," she said after a slow process of thought dawning on her face. "I mean, I'm not letting them make me leave," she said."Is that - what they said they wanted?" said Ron, looking queasy."Ron," said Hermione, for no reason Harry could see. "Don't make her talk about it--""It's okay," Demelza said, curling up against the back of the bed Hermione had lifted. "They said - people like me - shouldn't be in Hogwarts, and they were going to make sure I was..." She hesitated for a very long moment and then leaned over to whisper something in Hermione's ear.Hermione's face went white as a sheet. She said in a far away tone, "Harry, Ron, could you give us a minute?""They don't have to leave, there's a Silencing Charm on the curtains," said Demelza, staring at her hands. Hermione crawled onto the bed and pulled the curtains shut. There was a lapse of several minutes."What do you reckon that's about?" said Ron.Harry shrugged. "Something she could only ask Hermione," he said. Given Hermione's depths of knowledge, this could have been about any number of things, although a horrible suspicion had started to form.Several minutes later the curtains were yanked back. Demelza was very pale again and staring down, while Hermione was red-faced and furious. "Right," she said, enunciating clearly. "We'll go and talk to Dumbledore for you when we're done here. And if he isn't helping I'll call Andromeda Black - we have communications mirrors - and she will arrange a legal defense.""Legal defense?" said Harry."Later," said Hermione firmly. "Is anyone taking you your homework assignments, Demelza? If not I can go around and ask your teachers--""Ginny went yesterday," Demelza whispered, sounding much shakier than earlier.Not much time later, they left, as Demelza seemed unwilling to talk more. "What happened?" Ron asked as soon as the Hospital Wing door closed, but Hermione shook her head.Hermione ignored this question. Instead she asked, sounding strangely distant again. "Harry, Dumbledore will see you, right?""Er, if there's nobody else with him, usually," Harry said, starting up the nearest staircase in the correct direction to Dumbledore's office.Dumbledore was apparently not occupied. He lifted his head, looking very tired, as they came in. "Harry, Miss Black, Mr. Weasley," he said. "Please sit down. To what do I owe the pleasure?""Demelza Robins asked me to confirm the chastity code won't be used against her after she was raped by multiple older students," Hermione said in clipped, cold tones, striding across the office as though she did it every day and pulling out the chair in front of Dumbledore's desk. "That was apparently her attackers' goal. I told her I would confirm it with you, and if not contact the Blacks for a legal defense in her name."Ron made a horrified spluttering noise. Harry, not as surprised as he wished he was after the last year, went to draw up the additional seats that had appeared when Hermione sat down. "C'mon," he said quietly.Dumbledore did not look surprised at this, only nodded gravely. "You can assure her no disciplinary action will be taken against her," he said, unhappily. "Unfortunately, this is due to a compromise position with the board from the seventies which also prohibits disciplinary action against any parties involved.""WHAT?" shouted Harry, drowning out Hermione's indignant response. Ron merely looked very green.Dumbledore turned to Harry, still unsurprised. "Please," he said. "Sit, and I will explain it to you as well as I can." He waved a hand, and a tea set appeared, steaming gently, on the table, but Harry had no particular desire for tea. Dumbledore said, not waiting for him to decline, "I have told you before that Tom Riddle's friends became the Death Eaters, over time, at school, and that his years were marked by troubling incidents which could not be connected to him. Well, at that time if we had been able to pin anything on him he would certainly have been expelled. He had no family protection to speak of."Later, especially in the seventies, things changed. I believe you have heard a few things about the attacks common among the student body during the last war. The initial attacks were conducted very openly, a few years into the war, as things began to escalate. It was baffling at the time. Four seventh years from well-known families, none with previous disciplinary records, cornering and nearly murdering a second year girl, as though they had no fear of punishment - we even wondered if they had been placed under the Imperius Curse or otherwise interfered with... Well, we began expulsion proceedings, but the Headmaster answers to the Board on that subject, and the Board has always been... conservative. Appointments are controlled by the Wizengamot. The independence of the school is somewhat nominal, or has been since we accepted Ministry funding some centuries ago. The Board would not allow the students to be expelled, and at that point we realized why the students had attacked so openly. They were making a point that they could do so, and we could not remove them for it."I do not know if you know this, but Hogwarts is the only free school in Britain which teaches N.E.W.T.s and one of the few secondary schools which is not limited to a particular county or feudal estate. It also has immense symbolic importance as one of the oldest magical institutions in Britain. Its running - its teaching - have always been sites of immense political conflict. Frequently, more conservative members of society have tried to shut it down, when they could not remove undesirable students from it, in order to better control access to the Ministry positions and other professions which require N.E.W.T. certification. The school has always resisted, for I think it is unlikely - as other Headmasters have - that if Hogwarts should close its doors they will ever reopen - or that any other educational opportunities will be available to those whose parents do not have the means themselves.""But-" Harry said, thinking of last year, "You could get the Board to back you up on the library last year, couldn't you?"Dumbledore had taken a cup and poured himself tea when Harry spoke. He looked up at this with tired eyes and said, "Most of Voldemort's followers do not agree with Fudge about censorship. It was a spectacular overreach, if one that made sense, no doubt, to his appeals to law and order. Many members of the Board would back Hogwarts persisting in teaching its usual skills, as their own children attend the school, but the only vote I am certain would come down in favor of expelling pureblood young men for assaulting a muggleborn girl is Jake Bones.""You won't even make the appeal?" Hermione said angrily."I did, in the seventies, and was nearly removed for it, in favor of Professor Slughorn, who has generally been amenable to bribery and was Tom Riddle's favorite professor at school," Dumbledore said simply. "I am afraid I cannot responsibly try again now. The Headmaster has the power to expel all muggleborns or simply bar them from entrance, for example, and I do not believe the Board would object to that.""There must be something we can do," Harry said angrily."We can act," Dumbledore said, carefully, looking Harry in the eye. "I, as an individual accountable to the Board have public limits..."Harry nearly snapped at Dumbledore about more responsibilities he was content to let Harry fill, but Hermione said, voice gone cold, "You're saying the teachers can interfere with active attacks, but not take any action preemptively or punish the attackers after, is that correct? What can you do to aid us, if we - take care of things ourselves?"Dumbledore smiled thinly himself, eyes nearly as cold as Hermione's, and said, "Let us discuss the school's resources."They left about an hour later, all furious, all thinking. Ron had been silent during the argument but once they began to plan he was surprisingly opinionated, and Harry was reminded again of their first year, when Ron had captained them through McGonagall's chess set. Dumbledore had provided them with maps of the castle - more clearly labeled than the Marauder's Map and with information about function, contents and schedules instead of the people shown by the Map - and information about supplies stored, and the staffs' political sympathies as he knew them.Another thought had come to Harry during the tense meeting3. "I think," he said, as they walked down the stairs towards Gryffindor, "This is - what my father was supposed to do, when he was a teenager." The words came slightly haltingly. "And why they - let him get away with everything. But he didn't...""He tried to use it to get with your mum, didn't he?" said Ron, as though remembering after a great effort."Yeah. And attack people he didn't like.""We can't do that," said Hermione grimly. She had taken notes through the entire conversation, face resolute. "If we're going to do this - become - vigilantes, it has to be carefully organized, we have to figure out exactly who we can trust - not just to not be a Death Eater, but to be careful, to be unbiased...""To avoid tearing off to the dungeons under Polyjuice to prove Draco Malfoy is the Heir of Slytherin?" said Harry.They laughed, but it was strained.

The Room of Requirement would provide a secure meeting place just like last year's library theft, as it could prevent the unwelcome from entering. But the questions of who to invite and how to organize them were more complicated, and had to be resolved quickly. They brought the issue to Daphne and Tracey, and Draco and Cho as well, and asked their opinions of who else to involve. As a group, they also thought back to which students had participated in Dumbledore's efforts to secure the school library, and the year before that, who had helped Sirius work on the Defense curse.They could not afford to wait long before some sort of protection was arranged. Now that Harry was watching for it, he noticed an unusual number of students injured, sticking to large groups or sneaking around furtively as though afraid of being cornered. In the end, they scheduled their first meeting through word of mouth for Tuesday night after dinner, which did not conflict with any major extracurriculars and gave them four days to recruit interested students. Harry had spoken to Sirius through the mirrors Sunday night. Sirius was enthusiastically supportive but pointed out that Harry would have to give an explanation - a speech in fact ("Or have Hermione do it, but she can get a bit long winded," Sirius said) - and while this had not been a pleasant realization for Harry, Sirius had helped work something out.Harry, Ron and Hermione went to open the Room of Requirement first on Tuesday night. Harry was not picturing anything very specific, only thinking, give us a place to meet... a place we can organize... He did not know what Ron and Hermione were thinking, either. But when he pulled open the door, he found a room reminiscent of the Black Little Hall or the similarly-shaped Potter courthouse, a long room with a ceiling of wooden rafters, set around a long table. Sunlight streamed in through the windows near the ceiling, although Harry knew that the sun had set hours before, and anyway the weather had alternated between vicious storms and a weird, thick mist for most of October. Chairs were arranged in semi-circles facing the table, and there were several more behind it. Hermione unhesitatingly went over to the table itself and pulled out a chair.Harry trailed her uncertainly, while Ron looked around the room. "Weird," he said, staring up at the windows. "It looks a bit like a Wizarding court...""I was picturing the Little Hall," Hermione admitted.Just then the door opened, admitting several other Gryffindors, who had the shortest walk from their Common Room: Ginny, trailed by - Harry was relieved to see - Demelza, shy but out of the Hospital Wing. A few moments later, Dean and Seamus came in with Neville, and then a group of Ravenclaws, and then so many people were arriving Harry could not quickly count. Daphne and Tracey settled, arm in arm, in the first row of seats, as did Cho, but only Ron and Hermione joined Harry at the front table.Harry checked his watch, and at a quarter after the hour, when no one else had come in for a few minutes, he started to get up to lock the door. Then he changed his mind and took his wand out instead, and waved it, concentrating very hard. The lock clicked shut.Several students looked impressed. "Cool, Harry!" said Dean."Thanks," Harry said. To his surprise a few people laughed. He tried not to flush. "So," he said, looking over the crowd. He picked out Cho's little sister Xiulan with a few other students he didn't know, and a few places over the seventh year Leon King, and nerves swept his stomach. He took a breath and tried not to say er. "Thank you for coming," he said, mentally reviewing the points Sirius had had him write down and then explain back to him through the mirror. "Look, we all know there's a problem at Hogwarts this year. Students - muggleborn students, but others too - are being attacked. We've talked to the Headmaster--"Murmurs swept the room. Harry pushed on, "And he says that the attackers can't be expelled because the Board of Governors is on their side." Demelza had turned her head into Ginny's shoulder, and Ginny was holding her protectively, glaring down the room. "If he, or any of the teachers, takes serious action against them, he'll be removed, and probably replaced with a Death Eater." Someone in the back row gasped, but Harry couldn't see who. A few people murmured disapprovingly, this time."--Because this is about Voldemort," he said, holding his head high. "This is about the Death Eaters, and the fact that all of us here oppose them. If you can't agree with that, you might as well leave this room now." He paused. "Go on, I'm not stopping you. The key is still in the lock."A few people shifted, but no one got up. After a moment, Harry went on, "This is about the fact that Voldemort wants to take over Hogwarts. He wants to kick out the muggleborns - and anyone like me who he knows opposes him. He can't right now, because Dumbledore won't let him. But he controls the majority vote on the Board of Governors, and all they need is an excuse to kick him out to replace him with a Headmaster who will. So he's trying to provoke us - to make students opposed to him leave for their own safety, or to make the teachers give him reasons to have them removed so he can control policy directly, just like when Lucius Malfoy had Dumbledore kicked out my second year.""That was Lucius Malfoy?" said Zacharias Smith."Yeah," Harry said, trying not to look at Draco. "He blackmailed the other governors, but they went along with it. Dumbledore told me the only governor he was sure would vote in his favor if he expelled a pureblood student for an attack was Jake Bones, Susan's father." Susan was sitting in the front, a few places down from Daphne and next to the grimly determined Hannah Abbott, and heads turned towards her rapidly. Harry wondered what was going on with Hannah and Draco, who he hadn't seen together all term, and pushed it aside for later."So," Harry said, "If the teachers can't protect us - and the Governors want us to leave the school and give up - we'll have to protect ourselves." He tried to look determined, and not scared out of his mind. "That's why we've asked you to come meet with us, so we can organize how. Dumbledore gave us some information and permission to access the school's stores, so we have patrol schedules, staff political sympathies, maps, and supplies." There was another ripple of murmurs. "We're here to plan. We've got some ideas, but if you want to suggest anything first--""We need a leader," said Daphne in a clear, carrying voice."I nominate Harry," said Ginny immediately."Seconded," called Cho, to some laughter."Let's vote on it," said Harry, now sure he was blushing furiously. "Er - hands or ballots, you think?""Let's get into the habit of using secret ballots now," said Hermione. "But if we're going to do that we should vote on more than one office at once. What else do we need?" When Harry turned behind him he saw a chalkboard hung on the wall, and was unable to remember if it had previously sat there. Hermione, who had also turned, immediately got up and started to write, 'Leader.' "Treasurer, I think," she said, and paused for objections."Quartermaster," said Draco from the audience. "Er - we're probably going to need to track supplies, not just money, aren't we?""Quartermaster, then," said Hermione, erasing Treasurer."There should be a second in command in case our leader is incapacitated," said Ernie Macmillan slightly pompously. Hermione wrote this down too. Several minutes of slightly disorganized shouted out suggestions and corrections followed. Finally the voting process was established, and nominations of other candidates put forth for each office. Hermione asked for nominations for their group name as well, and then the room fell silent as people got out pieces of parchment and scribbled down lists of names. Harry felt terribly mixed: no other candidates had been nominated for leader at all.In the end they were officially called the Defense Association or DA, with a mix of offices that sounded rather like someone had jumbled up a muggle organization's Board with a medieval castle: Commander, Second, Chair, Secretary, Quartermaster and Herald. Harry had been nearly-unanimously elected Commander, and Cho, who had recruited many of the students and was generally popular, had been elected Second. Hermione had ended up Chair, probably because she was already taking charge of the meeting itself. The other three officers were students he did not know as well. Demelza had stood up nervously and nominated herself for Secretary, and had gotten the position, though possibly because nobody else had been interested in taking notes constantly. A seventh year Slytherin girl named Emmeline Stone had been elected Quartermaster, with the duty of communications with the student body, and a boy named Jason Cauldwell, a year down in Hufflepuff, was elected Herald.Hermione got out a piece of parchment and wrote down the words Defense Association at the top, and said, "I think we should make an agreement before we leave here today. This organization isn't a secret, really, the professors know about it, but there are things we're going to talk about that have to stay confidential... And we're also agreeing that we're on the same side," she said, lifting her head, "And no one in this room is going to - to aid Voldemort, or hassle muggleborns..."There was a mixed murmur from the crowd. Daphne said, quite calmly, "I agree. Do you know any confidentiality spells?""I do," Hermione said. "You can - can strike your name from the list at any time, I'm not suggesting that you have to join for life, but," she said, suddenly sounding stronger, "You'll have to strike your names and let us know if you're leaving. Otherwise I'll make sure that we'll know if anyone changes sides. Are we agreed?"The mood in the room seemed mixed at this, but in the end, everyone present signed the parchment. They finished the first meeting with a discussion of meeting times, and initial ideas. At the end of the meeting, they drew up a notice to be posted in each house and a few other places around the school, announcing that the DA would give escorts to any student afraid of harassment for their blood status or political views, and giving a list of people to approach, "In person or by owl." Demelza, who turned out to have very neat handwriting, wrote out a good copy and cast a spell to create a dozen duplicates.They left the Room of Requirement with only a few minutes left before curfew, but Harry felt better for the first time since hearing Demelza was in the hospital wing - or perhaps since he had interrupted the attack on Linda Culpepper earlier that year. He felt like he was actually doing something.Remembering a conversation from earlier that year, Harry intercepted Draco as the Slytherins and Hufflepuffs turned down the main stairway. "Hang on," he said, and pulled Draco behind a tapestry into one of the school's hidden study spaces. He quickly cast Muffliato. "Look," he said, "I know you have to be careful asking questions in Slytherin, Pansy warned you there was a list of targets being passed around. Is there any way you could get us a copy?"Draco hesitated. Harry said, "We could ask one of the other Slytherins who came to the DA, but--""No, they're not going around openly, and I don't think the liberal students will be able to get copies," Draco said. "Look, I can ask Pansy. Maybe Blaise, but if he asks for the list he'll be committing himself and I'm not sure that's worth it."Harry nodded. "Ask Pansy," he said. "If she won't help you, come and talk to me about it - in private - and we'll come up with another solution."The very next day, Draco came to eat breakfast with them and passed Harry a folded note in the middle of a Charms essay he said he had questions about. Harry slipped the note into his bag, where it burned in his mind all throughout Arithmancy. With great self-restraint, he waited until his free period after to hurry into a private study nook and open it up.At the top was a note in Draco's handwriting reading, "The student we discussed delivered." Harry nodded once to himself, then skimmed the list of student names copied shakily in unfamiliar handwriting. Starting the list was the sobering note, "Harry Potter - do not kill. The Dark Lord wants him for himself," followed by the entry: "BLOOD TRAITORS: If you kill these students, the Dark Lord will reward your family with glory and riches." As Draco had said before, Daphne's name was first. Under the list of targets to be killed was a much longer list of students labeled undesirables to be harassed but only killed if there was plausible deniability. About half of these students had the label 'mudblood' next to them - some, as far as Harry knew, incorrectly - while others bore entries such as "Father works for the Prophet and covers muggle news," "Dating a mudblood," or "Taking muggle studies."Harry took a deep breath and went into his bag again. The DA commanders had shared their class schedules. Distributing warnings was a problem for Jason Cauldwell, who had been elected Herald. As an O.W.L. student, Jason Cauldwell had a limited amount of free time, but along with Cho as the second in command of the DA, Harry managed to find him during his free period after lunch, studying in one of the courtyards with a group of other Hufflepuffs. He got up when Harry and Cho approached, excusing himself to his friends - several of whom were in the DA, too - and followed them a ways away."Did something happen?" Jason asked immediately. "Or did I miss a meeting?"Harry shook his head. He hadn't had time to give Cho details yet, either, so he carefully took the note from his bag - minus Draco's note at the top, which he had severed from the parchment - and passed it around. "I received this from an informant from a Death Eater family this morning," Harry said. "We knew it existed before, but now we have details. It's being circulated relatively openly in Slytherin House, but we know students from other Houses are among the recipients, too."Cho and Jason had twin horrified looks. "We've got to warn these students," Cho said.Jason was already nodding. "But we don't want to circulate the names, even if the Death Eaters already have them it would be painting a target on people in general... How many people do we have on patrols? Probably not enough to protect all of them, either.""We could probably offer to escort groups in some cases, or have people on patrol during scheduled study sessions or something," said Harry. "We can bring it up in the next meeting. But in the meantime I think warning them has to be the first step. Can you do that without everyone seeing it?"Jason nodded, already thinking. "If I can get messages copied out... We were already planning to put up fliers for students who need to ask for protection or want to join, I can have that group work on the wording. We're sure this is genuine?" he said, looking at Harry as though half-hoping it was not.Harry smiled grimly. "I know both of the students involved in getting it to me," he said. "It's genuine.""Damn," said Jason. He tapped his wand to the parchment to copy it, and tucked his copy in his bag before returning to the group of Hufflepuffs.Harry was busier than ever between his N.E.W.T. work and running both the Gryffindor Quidditch team and the DA, although at least when it came to the DA, he had other officers who could take on some of the work. The school had instantly taken note of the fliers. Older students had volunteered to patrol in twos and threes during gaps in the teachers' schedules, especially during class times, when N.E.W.T. students had long free periods and teachers were generally working.On the one hand, the tense, frightened atmosphere of Hogwarts over the past two months had faded, and Harry received reports of a number of altercations between students supporting Voldemort and younger students, especially, that had been disrupted by the DA patrols. On the other hand it was apparent that some students had lied about their own proficiency in combat magic. Several students ended up in the hospital wing as a result of being accidentally jinxed by their patrol partners, and at least one fight was badly lost by a DA patrol, leading to Harry receiving a nasty lecture from Madam Pomfrey. He hastily organized a meeting to test the combat volunteers' skills and try to work out a schedule for teaching dueling to students who weren't yet capable of patrolling themselves.Harry was long used to hostile rumors, and had at most been mildly concerned the DA would cause more, but what was stranger was the positive attention. It was not the impersonal but obsessive curiosity about his fame he was accustomed to, but true hero treatment. People sprang up if he seemed to want a place at the Gryffindor table or in the courtyard, passed the most desirable food to him at meals to let him choose first and stared at him in an entirely new way. Disturbingly, this extended to the teachers: one day, caught up in breaking up what turned out to be a minor scuffle between rival third years unrelated to politics, Harry was ten minutes late to Transfiguration. When he dashed in, out of breath and apologizing with the expectation of detention, Professor McGonagall told him it was nothing and to have a seat, and half-bowed to him. The other officers also received a certain amount of this treatment - it was obvious that information about the ranking DA members had been circulated quickly - but the largest amount was focused on Harry.He was not sure how to respond, especially since he was nowhere near as confident that he was helping much. In addition to the unqualified patrollers, he had to get involved in telling off several pairs for interfering in completely unrelated activities. ("It is not our job to police who is kissing who!" he had finally bellowed in frustration and ended the argument.) A week after the patrols were instigated, Hermione caught a fifth year DA patroller badgering a third year to go out with him on the grounds that he had rescued her from one of the Crabbe cousins in a back corridor. (Hermione had hexed him severely and forced him to cross his name off the DA contract immediately - but if she had run across it once, it was probably happening elsewhere.) Harry took to breaking up patrolling partners who had asked to work with friends and putting them with complete strangers in the hopes of discouraging people from abusing this duty for extortion or vengeance. On the bright side, Ron was able to fully share in the glory, as another founding DA member and Harry's best friend, and he was enjoying the attention far more than Harry.The run-up to the first Quidditch match of the season was also proving particularly nasty in an expansive way that did not match any of Harry's previous experience. Gryffindor and Slytherin's House rivalry was encouraged by their season opener every year, but this time it was obviously being used as a proxy for outside political conflicts. Many Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff students could be seen hexing each other over Gryffindor and Slytherin-colored accessories and clothing as well, and a few Gryffindors and Slytherins had actually taken to wearing the opposite house's colors over their uniforms (generally in well-protected groups).Demelza, who was barely capable of speaking these days but flew more furiously than ever, was being escorted to all her classes and meals by Ginny, who Harry hoped was not ending up in detention for missing pieces of her own. Jimmy Peakes, who hadn't resorted to anything of the kind, ended up in the Hospital Wing overnight, and it was not with a schoolyard jinx: an attacker whose face he hadn't seen had trapped a stone door just as he was passing through it and smashed most of the bones in his left hand so severely they had had to be regrown with Skelegrow. (Harry visited him and told him about his experience second year with Lockhart, and hoped he had left Jimmy feeling better.)Two weeks after their first DA meeting, Cho came to find Harry at breakfast, but she did not look happy to see him. Her hair was down and there were bags under her eyes, and she was biting her lip anxiously. "Harry," she said, looking subtly relieved to meet his eyes and striding quickly to the table. "Something's happened.""What's wrong?" he asked, getting up to meet her and taking her hands in his.She gripped his tightly and leaned in to say, quietly, "I think there's going to be an announcement at dinner, but... We heard last night in Ravenclaw when they found her. A student is dead. Linda Culpepper, she's muggleborn, in third year. They think she killed herself."

In the hours before the announcement of a student death at dinner, Harry and the other DA officers spent their free periods trying to find out what had happened. The Ravenclaws had only been told there had been a suicide and who. Cho had seen Linda's body carried out of the bathroom wrapped in a sheet, but nothing suggestive of the method. They had difficulty finding anyone who would admit they knew Linda, and unfortunately she was a year younger than Cho's sister Xiulan. Eventually another girl from Linda's dorm came up to them in the largest courtyard and said that their dorm's bathroom door had been jammed and she had gone to get Professor Flitwick to open it for her."I saw blood all over the tiles, and then he closed it and told me to go back into the dorm," she said, looking down. "I wish I'd gone to shower earlier now.""Did you know Linda very well?" Harry asked.The girl shook her head. "She didn't have a lot of friends. I mean..." She hesitated. "You know she's a - muggleborn, right? Most of our dorm section is pureblood or the really old halfblood families that might as well be, and we didn't..." She bit her lip. "I feel terrible about it now, you understand?" she said. "I wish I'd said something to her, but I didn't want my brother to get mad, or my parents if they heard, and it was easier to just... think someone else would talk to her...""Was she having trouble in school, or being teased a lot?" Harry asked, trying to stay calm.His informant shook her head, then shrugged. She had a very strong jaw that looked familiar to Harry from somewhere, and thick dark hair held back with silver pins. "Linda cried sometimes at night, with the curtains shut," she said. "And she never seemed to get any mail from home after first year. I know she stayed for Christmas and Easter, both years. That's all I know, though. I think she studied with Ariel Goldstein sometimes, though, he's in our year. You could ask him about her.""Thanks," Harry said, relieved to have some lead. "What's your name?"She gave a tiny acid smile and shrugged again. "Juliana Crabbe," she said. "My brother's in your year." While Harry struggled to digest the information that Crabbe's little sister was in Ravenclaw, she took up her bag and left the courtyard.Harry went to find Professor Flitwick first, hoping he could at least tell Harry where to find Ariel Goldstein. To his surprise, Professor Flitwick answered his other questions about the suicide: he had verified that Miss Culpepper had cast the cutting charms that had killed her himself, and while it was not possible to entirely rule out the Imperius Curse posthumously, using it to cause a suicide, and while the victim was out of sight, was difficult magic he didn't think many students could have accomplished. There was no way of ruling out harassment or non-magical force, but unfortunately as far as magic could indicate, Miss Culpepper had indeed killed herself.Harry took a deep breath. "Have her parents been notified?" he said.Professor Flitwick shook his head. "Miss Culpepper's parents relinquished guardianship when she received her Hogwarts letter, and as far as I am aware she had no contact with them after her first year," he said. "She was without family. She was fostered by a Ministry-chosen family over the summers, I believe a different one each year.""What's going to happen to her - the body?" Harry asked."There is a cemetery in the school," Professor Flitwick said, gently. "She will be buried there. Professor Dumbledore will announce the ceremony time at dinner tonight, if you'd like to attend."

Classes the next morning were canceled to allow students to attend the funeral. The Hogwarts cemetery turned out to be a small clearing near the outskirts of the forest, with an overgrown path leading from the lawns. The ruins of a building stood at the edge, and Hermione quietly told them it had been a chapel once, according to Hogwarts, a History.There were not many recent graves, except for a small cluster of near-new tombstones with dates from the seventies, and a few more from the eighties and nineties. "Professors and former staff can ask to be buried on the grounds, but most of them are students whose families wouldn't or couldn't claim the bodies," said Hermione under her breath. Either this too was covered in Hogwarts, a History or she had looked it up last night. "They're disproportionately muggleborn. I've heard sometimes the Ministry obstructs requests from our parents to reclaim bodies - and muggleborns attempt suicide at high rates, anyway.""Some of them are also pureblood girls," said Daphne, who had her hands tucked into her sleeves and was staring with a distant face across the field. "We've got a high suicide rate too, and if a student kills herself pregnant or after being caught having sex sometimes the Head won't take the body back. I've been here before," she said to Hermione, "Mum told me about that when we were talking about Aunt Antiope and why she moved in with my parents before she died. I go on All Souls' Day and put flowers on the graves, usually... People don't really come here, unless they've got an ancestor who was a Hogwarts professor buried here. This clearing's been in use for something like seven or eight hundred years and it's nowhere near full. I think the earlier graves are supposed to be under the castle.""All Souls' Day? That's Halloween, right?" said Harry."It's the second of November," said Daphne. "Halloween is the eve of All Saints', you go to church that day to honor all of the saints, then the next day is All Souls' for praying for the dead in general. I was thinking," she said, "We're going to have a DA meeting, right? We should do something for her - and the other kids too - that day.""Linda wasn't Wizarding Church or Catholic, was she?" Hermione said, frowning.Daphne shrugged. "When I interviewed him, Ariel Goldstein said he thought her parents were C of E but she didn't really talk about it - they were only study partners - and she doesn't have any other friends. Didn't. We don't know what she thought. I know it's not exactly what she'd have done, I don't know what she would have thought about it, but I think we should do something for her. Remind people that it's - that it's not okay, and we're thinking about her even if she's dead now."Hermione changed the subject before Harry stepped in, although it was to ask, "I thought suicides weren't normally given church burials?""That might be a muggle thing - I mean, Catholic or Protestant," Daphne said after a moment. "I mean, it's a sin, but I've never heard of anyone being denied normal burial for it in our churchyards. When's the meeting, Harry?"In the end they had it just after the funeral, while everyone was still out of class. Harry explained a non-graphic version of what Professor Flitwick had said, including the evidence for believing - or not - that Linda's death had really been a suicide, although he did not publicly explain that she had not had close friends at school and her parents had abandoned her. Hermione's reservations aside, most of the DA seemed to like the idea of cleaning up the cemetery on All Souls' Day, after Daphne got up and explained the meaning of the day in magical Britain to the muggleborns and the halfbloods raised in the muggle world. Like the first DA meeting, Harry thought, it gave them the feeling they were doing something about a horrible event.But it obviously wasn't enough to prevent any future suicides, so they had a discussion about how to handle harassment in the dorms. There was no easy way of identifying muggleborn students to check on them, but they agreed to make sure that a DA member was sitting watch in each common room all of the time as a first step. Hermione announced she would work on arranging a communication method at least for officers and for people who were on watch in common rooms, with the help of the school supplies. After that, Harry reluctantly dismissed the meeting.On the way back, Harry's reserve seeker, Lily Abbott, pulled him aside."What's wrong?" Harry asked.Lily bit her lip and looked down, almost hiding behind her bright hair. "Can we talk in private?" she said nervously. "Not in the common room, I mean?""Sure," Harry said, confused, but getting up. "We've got a while before they stop serving dinner, we can stop on the way down?"Lily nodded, and was dead silent while Harry let Hermione and Ron know he'd meet them in the Great Hall and collected his bag. He steered her to a disused classroom near the Fat Lady's portrait and sat down on the dusty front table. "Okay, what's wrong?" he said.Lily hesitated, twisting her cuffs between her fingers, then said, "I have a sister in Ravenclaw.""Okay," said Harry, when she was silent for long enough he knew she needed prompting. "What year is she?""Same as me, third. We're not twins, she was born the September before me. Her name is Myra." Lily hesitated. "She's in Linda's dorm.""Okay," said Harry, uncertain if he was relieved to know what this was about or dreading what came next. "Did she see something? Or hear something?"Lily shook her head. Then she nodded. Then she said, "Look you have to understand, we're not like this. I know some of our cousins are awful, but our parents named me after your Mum. But Myra - Myra's friends with our more conservative cousins and she's dating this boy who's a jerk, and he says--" Lily was breathing hard again, like she had just run all the way up from the Quidditch pitch or finished a steep dive, and her head was down."Lily," Harry said, having no idea how he was going to finish the sentence, but he didn't have to.Lily picked her head up and said, without stopping for breath, "Myra was following Linda Culpepper around and she told the - she told Aeson Croaker where she would be, and that she didn't have any friends, and I think she was slipping her notes after they attacked her to - to tell her everybody knew and to make it look like everyone thought she was a slut. I didn't know about this before but I remembered last night that Myra was asking questions about Linda and I - I snuck into Ravenclaw and went through her bag and found some of the notes she'd made up. In different handwriting and on different paper, so," Lily finished, awkwardly, and sniffled."Okay," said Harry, "I mean, it's not your fault, Lily."He put an arm around her and she mumbled, "I just want - my sister - to be like - before she went to school and turned into a bitch," and burst into tears.Harry convened a rapid meeting of the DA officers, and repeated what Lily had told him, since Lily was now curled in a ball with her head in her Transfiguration textbook. There was a fairly horrible silence in the aftermath. Then Demelza said, flatly, "Aeson Croaker is one of the boys who raped me.""He's in my year," said Emmeline Stone, the seventh year Slytherin who was in charge of supply and finances. "And I would love to say that surprised me, but I have been on one date with him and it really doesn't. Who else do we know is involved in carrying out attacks? Are the Croakers vassals?""No, they're resident in independent magical London, they're only subject to Ministry courts," said Cho. She hesitated and said, "We have the Abbott liege lord at school, though.""What can Hannah actually do about this?" said Harry."Wait, the Abbott what?" said Jason."I'll get you a primer on the political system of magical Britain later," said Hermione, curtly. "My understanding is that it depends on the Abbott charter but they have pretty indefinite rights over their tenants, so...""It doesn't seem great to me," said Emmeline, tiredly, "To punish a thirteen year old girl as an accessory while letting the actual rapist - or rapists - wander around scot-free.""What else can we do?" said Hermione, then looking at Demelza, "Are you able to name them?"Demelza stared at them miserably for a moment. Then she steeled herself and said, "Aeson Croaker - Vincent Crabbe - Fergus MacDougal - and the last one was smart enough to cover his face.""Is Fergus MacDougal related to Dillena?" Harry had to ask."Different branch of the MacDougals," said Cho, "His family's, um, vassals of the Nott family, their head is Theodore Nott in your year's father. The Crabbes have their own head, but we could possibly write to Irma Crabbe about it. She took over the family last war and pulled it back from supporting Voldemort to neutral.""So what you're saying," said Jason Cauldwell with disgust, "Is that who can be punished depends on who they're related to?""And the jurisdiction of their residence and right of feudal ties," said Hermione. "So that leaves us with Ministry prosecution for the Croakers - which is hopeless - Nott court for the MacDougals - even  more hopeless - and then Crabbe jurisdiction, which is a maybe, and Abbott, which should definitely be viable.""Do you have any idea if Myra Abbott was following you, too?" Harry asked Demelza, who shook her head violently, then shrugged."It was probably a convenience," said Cho, darkly. "Same dorm and all... Do we know where Hannah would be right now? She should at least know about this.""Probably Hufflepuff, or the library, classes are still out," said Harry, looking at Jason.They walked in a group to Hufflepuff while Hermione and Cho tried to explain how feudal jurisdiction worked to Jason Cauldwell. This included the fact that normally a sixteen year old classmate of theirs would not have the power of life and death over another student, except that Hannah's mother and grandmother and many other relatives had been murdered by Voldemort specifically to try to wrest the family from the liberal branch and put it in power of Death Eater sympathizers. Lily, who was trailing along miserably, repeated what she had seen to Hannah when she emerged, white faced, and then agreed reluctantly to go with Cho to retrieve her sister from Ravenclaw."We'd better do this in Dumbledore's office," Hannah said, quietly, once she had listened. "I need a witness, and the Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot will be all right. And the school will need to be notified, anyway.""What are you going to do?" asked Harry, who felt the entire situation had rapidly spiraled out of control.Hannah shrugged. "Disown her," she said, staring into the middle distance. "I think it's the kindest thing I can do for everyone involved. It's a statement, since it's the worst thing most of our society thinks can happen to someone, but I won't order her parents not to care for her, so she shouldn't starve.""You could at least have her flogged or something," said Emmeline Stone."She's thirteen," said Hannah. "Aren't you muggleborn?""Technically," said Emmeline Stone. "My mum's a squib, though, and she's Lady Musica Carrow's little sister." There was a stunned silence. Emmeline, shrugging, said, "They still talk, although Mum said Aunt Musica had to sneak around to contact her until their father and grandfather had both died.""That explains a lot," muttered Cho, to Harry's bafflement. "--C'mon, Lily, let's go get your sister."Headmaster Dumbledore was in the midst of discussing a large pile of marking with several other teachers when they arrived at his office. He raised his eyebrows and said, "To what do I owe the pleasure, Mr. Potter, and...?""It's my business," Hannah said quietly. "Headmaster, I need a witness and to notify the school of official Abbott House affairs. The rest of the affected parties will be here in a moment."Headmaster Dumbledore inclined his head, looking very tired. Professor McGonagall looked like she was about to demand her own explanation when footsteps sounded on the stairs.Cho had her wand out and looked exhausted. Lily's head was down and her arms crossed. Myra Abbott, who turned out to be a stringy fourteen year old with blond hair and a similar face to her sister's, entered defiantly, but seeing Hannah standing in the center of the DA command she went white and stammered, "My lord--""You don't actually need to talk for this, Abbott," said Emmeline."That's not necessary," Hannah said, not looking at either of them. Her gaze was fixed on one of the delicate silvery instruments arrayed on shelves around the room. "Myra Bridget Abbott. On this day, the thirtieth of October in the year of our lord, 1996--"Myra, sobbing, threw herself to the ground and tried to seize Hannah's hand to kiss it, but Hannah withdrew it and tucked her hands under her elbows. Myra grabbed at the hem of her robes and pressed them to her face, but Hannah kept speaking, face fixed, not even looking in her direction. "I cast you out," she said flatly. "You are hereby disowned, disinherited and deprived of the name Abbott, all privileges, inheritances and rights of the family." Myra let out a wail, but Hannah ignored her. "I furthermore remove you from the protection of the House of Abbott. You have no right to succor nor sanctuary and your wergild is set to nil. We bear no responsibility and no relationship to you, and our daughter Myra Bridget will be recorded as dead on this day." Finally she looked at the aghast teachers and said, "So issued by Lord Hannah Angharad. Witnesses?""Heard and witnessed by the Chief Warlock," Dumbledore said, eyebrows raised, staring at the sobbing child on the floor."Heard and witnessed," said Cho, "By Cho Chang, daughter of House Chang."She elbowed Harry who said hastily, "Heard and witnessed by Harry Potter - er - Head of House Potter.""Heard and witnessed by Hermione Black, daughter of House Black," said Hermione faintly."I apologize for the inconvenience to the teachers for the paperwork," said Hannah. "She should have time to figure out what to do if her parents won't take her back as a guest by the summer, though. I won't be surprised if they refuse.""Miss Abbott," said Professor McGonagall, recovering the power of speech, "What on earth?"Hannah's blank face snapped towards her and suddenly sharpened as it had on the day of the duel. "I discovered a member of my House had collaborated as an accessory in - at least two instances of rape by multiple assailants - in order to aid a political enemy of the House and acted accordingly." Then, finally looking down she said, "Myra, get up. For the love of Merlin. You're not dead -- unlike Linda."

The Halloween Feast the next day was subdued. The decorations had been pre-arranged, so they were still put up, but most of the student body was not in the mood to party. The exceptions were the most openly pro-Voldemort students, who laughed particularly loudly, made nasty jokes in earshot of others all day, and made a show of eating enthusiastically at the feast. Disgusted, many other students left early rather than watch. Whispers were passed around about Myra Abbott's disownment and what relationship it had to the events of the last few days. Harry watched, but did not see her appear among the celebrating pro-Death Eater students.Harry went to bed, unable to focus on classwork, but he lay on his back behind his curtains, unable to sleep for long hours. He kept thinking about the time he had rescued Linda earlier that year, wishing he had checked on her... Demelza's chalky face in the hospital wing swam before his eyes, the look on Cho's face when she had come to tell Harry a student was dead, Myra Abbott sobbing at Hannah's feet... Other visions intruded: Voldemort rising from the cauldron, Frangipani chained on the floor... Lucius Malfoy sneering at him his second year...He must have drifted off at some point. Around midnight, his mirror chimed from his bedside able and he started awake, relieved to find he had been sleeping, and fished it off."Harry," said Tracey anxiously. "Something's wrong - I got up and Daphne was missing--""Hang on," Harry said, scrambling to pull the map out. "I solemnly swear I'm up to no good," he muttered, jabbing it. Tracey looked baffled, and he couldn't think if he had ever shown the Map to her, but there wasn't time. He searched it frantically and spotted the one dot out of place almost immediately: Daphne Greengrass, in the entrance hall and heading towards the outer door."She's going outside," Harry said. "It looks like she's alone--" He was already getting up, carrying the mirror as he looked for his robes. "She's in the entrance hall - wait for me, Tracey, you shouldn't go by yourself--""Hurry," Tracey said. "I'll call the others and tell them," she said, reluctantly, and the mirror went blank.There wasn't time to wonder who else Tracey would call. Harry yanked on his robes and his cloak and scarf, aware it was early in the morning on November first, and stamped his shoes on; then he grabbed his wand. He hoped Tracey would call some adult but couldn't worry about it... He shook Ron awake and they took off down the stairs, Hermione entering the common room at a run only a moment behind them.Tracey met them in the entrance hall, now empty. Her eyes went wide when she saw the Map. "Where--?""Here," Harry said, pointing to Daphne's dot, making a slow, determined path across the lawns towards the place where the outer wall met the forest and turned. At least Daphne wasn't moving very fast. "Who else did you call?""I called Sirius Black," Tracey said breathlessly, wrestling her cloak on properly as they turned for the door, "He said he'd come to the gate, he didn't know if the Aurors on duty would let him in but he could at least tell them. Let's go."They caught up with Daphne in a group not far from the castle doors. Daphne was wearing a cloak over her school robes, but the hood was down and she didn't have a scarf. Her chestnut hair was flying in the wind, revealing her pale face. She was staring fixedly ahead, and did not look to the side when they joined her. "You've got to go back," she said, flatly.Harry had half-expected to find Daphne entranced. "What happened?" he said."Daphne," Tracey said, trying to take her hand.Daphne crossed her arms over her chest. "I've got to go," she said, not looking at them "They've got Carya.""Carya?" said Harry. "Your sister?""The one who's married to Asbolus Carrow," Daphne said. "His father and aunt are Death Eaters - Amycus and Alecto Carrow. Carya's always gotten on badly with them since she's a liberal, but Musica Carrow, the head of their family, is, too, and she raised Asbolus, so it wasn't a problem before. They had someone from Slytherin drop me a note today, saying they were going to - get rid of Carya to stop her from teaching the children ideas, and if I came to the wall tonight at one in the morning, they'd exchange her for me instead of killing her."They fell silent in horror. Daphne kept walking, eyes still ahead, hair and robes whipping in the wind. Harry tried to think of any argument against this, any solution."What about Lady Carrow?" said Hermione."I don't know," Daphne said. "But they had a vial of my sister's blood with the note, and that's not the kind of thing Carya would let someone just take if she was free. She was raised better than that. And - they had one of Irene's, too. My baby niece's.""Daphne," said Ron, who looked like he was only just waking up in the cold wind, "You know, they're probably just going to take you and kill you both. That's what they do.""I won't cross the wards until they send Carya over," said Daphne flatly."Then don't cross the wards at all," said Hermione."They'll probably make me Vow, first. It's what I'd do. Anyway, Carya's a noncombatant and I'm a traitor. They want my blood more than hers. If they win the war, they can reunite her with her husband - or give her to another man if he dies and beat her into submission - and expect her to have more pureblood children."Harry took a breath. "Look," he said, "What time do you have to be there? One?" He checked his watch. "We have time. If we can think of something else, will you at least hear us out?"Daphne bit her lip and turned towards him. Her eyes were not cold, but desperately terrified, and Harry realized that she did not want to listen to them in part because she was afraid of losing her resolve."I'll get my invisibility cloak and my Firebolt," he said, trying to sound reassuring. "You can look and see who came - that she's really there, and if there's anything we can do."Daphne hesitated and said, "Okay, but you go, not me. I should keep them talking."The invisibility cloak was among the items he had stuffed in his bag before leaving the dorm, but his Firebolt was not. Harry bit his lip and, repeating his actions from the end of fourth year, summoned it from the dorm. They all stood with baited breath until the broom zoomed all the way from the castle and smacked into his hand. He wished he had more than one invisibility cloak, but in the end Hermione disillusioned Ron and herself, and the two of them agreed to stay in the treeline out of sight.Harry mounted his Firebolt and pulled the cloak over his head, then kicked off. He had never flown in an invisibility cloak before, and he felt a constant anxiety that the fabric would slip and reveal  him. Hermione had disillusioned the broom itself for him, and it was a narrow strip of dark wood that would have been hard to spot in the dark, but he still stayed low, trying to stay in the tree cover as he reached the wall.Any hope Harry had had that the threat had been idle vanished. Three Death Eaters stood, cloaked and masked, with their wands trained loosely on Carya. She was wearing a cloak over a thin, nearly transparent nightgown as though she had been dragged out of bed, and crying in the soft way of someone who had already been crying for hours. Her black hair was half-torn out of its braid, and her face was bruised. She stood, shivering, the baby Irene in her arms and her head bent over her daughter.Harry circled, thinking things through. He might have been able to dive and grab Carya, but it would be difficult to carry a full-grown woman and he would not be fast. If Carya struggled he might drop her or Irene, or fall himself, straight in the middle of three Death Eaters, and he would not have any assistance. Unhappily, Harry flew back to report what he had seen."But there are only three," he said. "So if Ron and Hermione and I are there with you, we outnumber them.""We have no idea who's under the masks," Daphne said flatly. "It might be Bellatrix."Harry thought back to when he had been kidnapped. "This doesn't seem that much like her," he said. "We talked about you - I mean, when I was kidnapped - and she didn't seem angry, and they were planning to kill me, it's not like she had a reason to lie.""She doesn't have to be angry," Daphne said, eyes cold. "All she has to do is decide it's expedient. She doesn't even necessarily have to be malicious to think I'm better off dead quickly at her hands than handed over to be abused by someone like Macnair first.""We can't just hand you over," said Ron. "Look, they're probably going to send Carya climbing over the wall once you've Vowed, because she can get through the wards at the edge of the grounds if she doesn't have bad intentions, right? So if we've got a broom..."

"If we get Carya's attention," Hermione said, teeth chattering slightly, "She should be able to see Harry coming on the broom and adjust. She played Quidditch, right? She was Seeker before Cho for Ravenclaw. We just need you to keep them talking for a couple of minutes. Agreed?""Only if you're sure you can succeed," Daphne said after a moment, and the others nodded and withdrew. "Right," Daphne said, clenching her jaw. "Let's go."Harry took the invisibility cloak off, knowing he wouldn't be able to grab for Carya while holding it, and Disillusioned himself instead. He spiraled above, slowly, watching Daphne approach the wall. Carya flinched when she came into view, but - damn it - didn't look up. Harry spiraled in closer, trying to keep track of the conversation."--have at least some honor left," the lead Death Eater was saying, with a woman's voice, albeit not Bellatrix's."Aunt Alecto," said Daphne, evenly, "Don't talk to me about honor with your nephew's blood still drying on the earth.""You little bitch--" The Death Eater speaking started to draw her wand, but the second put a hand on her shoulder and she relaxed. "We can't cast spells over the wall from outside, so you'll need to put your wand over it to Vow before we give you Carya," she said coldly. Harry cursed and rose to gain momentum.Daphne hesitated, then looked at Carya. "Did they mistreat you?" she said.Carya finally looked up. Her eyes were bloodshot with tears. "I'm fine," she said, voice distant and broken, and Irene started to cry in her arms."Is she--" Daphne's voice broke."Hush," Carya said to the baby. She fumbled with the carrying shawl on, adjusting it over her shoulders. Harry rose again, wishing he could draw his wand to curse anyone, but he would need his arms for this... He wished they had actually put together some kind of signal..."Come over to the wall," Alecto was saying to Daphne, "And extend your wand. You'll touch mine through the gap, here."Harry swung around to fall directly in Carya's line of sight - the Death Eaters were not looking - and dropped the Disillusionment wandlessly. Carya's eyes widened. She clutched Irene to her, tightly, and Harry dove, just as he heard Hermione's voice shout "Stupefy!"The next few minutes were a mad scramble. Carya, cradling Irene against her chest with her left arm, grabbed Harry with her right, and they took off, Irene sobbing furiously. Carya's hand was sweating and slipped in his, and Harry swore, grabbing at her shoulder. He caught her, but heard an audible pop, and Carya's teeth snapped together hard. They only had to get a few feet up, high enough to fly over the wall. Spells were flying around them but if he thought of that he would drop Carya and she and Irene would probably both die... He heaved Carya up, thinking hard at the broom to stay so that the spell work on it would compensate and give him leverage, and she got a leg over the broomstick, but a jet of purple light hit her left leg with an audible crunch, and she screamed in pain. Harry, clutching her desperately, accelerated up and over the wall, and there was the cool tingle as they crossed Hogwarts' enchantments and they were safe.Alecto was swearing at them but Harry was not paying any attention whatsoever. He hovered on the grass next to Daphne. "We need to take Carya up to the castle, one of the curses hit her," he said. Carya did not seem capable of speech. "No one else is hurt?""They couldn't breach the wards," Tracey said. Daphne was also silent; she turned to look at Carya and Irene on Harry's broom and burst into silent tears."We'd better go tell the Aurors at the gate about this," said Hermione practically. "And Sirius if he's there. They'll probably get away - I only Stunned the one before they got shields up - but if there's any chance...""Can you and Ron go?" Harry asked, and they nodded."I'll walk next to you," said Daphne. "Carya - hand me Irene?"With extreme reluctance, Carya let Daphne take her daughter. Harry flew his Firebolt at a snail's pace, hovering just above the grass and trying to support Carya without hurting her more. It seemed to take an eternity to reach the castle, and Harry half forgot they had a destination in the terrible slog. There was only the shadowy, empty lawn, the crying baby, the woman he was half-supporting on his broom, and the cold, whistling wind. Harry's face and hands felt numb.  Carya must be even colder, half-dressed and injured, but she seemed too tired to even shiver.When at last they reached the castle, Daphne gave Irene back and took off at a run to get Madam Pomfrey, and Harry carefully dismounted and helped Carya off the broom to sit on the floor."I always thought it was a silly fantasy," said Carya dreamily."What?" said Harry, baffled."You know. The Boy-Who-Lived? We knew it was probably your mother's work. But you really did save Daphne's life, and probably me and Irene's, too," Carya said. Her eyes were closed, and she was leaning hard into the stone wall. "You really are exactly what they say."Harry's face felt hot. "Well, not all of it," he said."Maybe," Carya said with a slightly hysterical giggle.Madam Pomfrey arrived soon, and rapidly had Carya hovering on a stretcher. She insisted Daphne, Harry, and Irene come to the Hospital Wing as well, so it was there that they met Dumbledore, roused from bed, and Sirius, Ron and Hermione. "The Aurors are checking the perimeter, not that it's likely to do much good," Sirius said, coming in. "The kids called me," he added to Dumbledore. "What happened?""Aunt Musica is dead," said Carya. Harry jumped. He had thought Carya was unconscious, lying back on a hospital bed while Madam Pomfrey clucked over her leg. Her eyes were still closed, but she spoke again, "And Aunt Salma, and Asbolus. The Dark Lord ordered it.""Carya--" said Daphne, horrified."They even killed Aunt Echo," said Carya, sounding as though she was sleep-talking. "What was the point of killing Aunt Echo? She was about a hundred years old, and she hasn't been able to use magic since her accident when she was nine...""A Calming Potion, I think," said Madam Pomfrey, summoning a vial."I'm perfectly calm," said Carya, but allowed herself to be dosed with the calming potion. Madam Pomfrey mended her dislocated shoulder quickly, but frowned over the leg and began to cast spells over it."Carya," Sirius said, sitting down slowly. "I hate to ask this now, but you're sure your aunts and husband are dead? There's no chance of rescue?"Carya shook her head. "I've seen people killed before, of course," she said, now entirely without emotion, "But this was really very violent. There's no chance of putting someone back together when their body looks like that. They tried to get Aunt Salma to leave - they didn't want to make Uncle Utto angry, I suppose, or Aunt Dru - but she wouldn't. She was guarding Aunt Musica's door with her life, and she made them kill her first. And Asbolus. He apologized to me for fighting, but he said he couldn't leave Aunt Musica to die at his father's hands - she raised him, you know... That's why we had to have children, so fast, so that if something happened..." Carya trailed off before adding, "But then Irene was a girl. I don't know, maybe this one won't be," she said, and pressed her hand to her stomach.Sirius exhaled slowly. "I'm sorry, Carya. He was a good man.""He was," Carya agreed, eyes closed. "I'm widowed now, aren't I? I don't suppose they'll honor the marriage contract...""Sotero Lestrange will make sure you don't starve," Sirius said. "If not him, I will. I swear, you and your daughter will not be abandoned."Carya gave a tiny nod. "I'd like to sleep now, I think, please," she said to Madam Pomfrey, who immediately took Irene from her and summoned another potion."Let me see," said Sirius, audibly flagging with fatigue, "I can see if Aunt Dru can check on Myrina at the Rosiers cousins'...""That won't - risk her?" Daphne said in a whisper."Aunt Dru will be careful," Sirius said.Daphne nodded, and Sirius excused himself to call Grimmauld Place to give Aunt Druella instructions. He was back in a few minutes, and Dumbledore gestured them all to follow him upstairs, Daphne taking Irene carefully with her.Once they were seated in a tense group in the Headmaster's office, Dumbledore turned to Sirius and said, "I see you were already awake, Sirius. Is there more news?""Yes, not quite as bad," Sirius said wearily. "The Carrows weren't the only overnight coup planned - Voldemort must have wanted to regain ground against Amelia - but the other one wasn't successful. My grandmother Irma Crabbe may have left school after second year to marry, but she's paranoid in a way most British purebloods aren't. They set off her alarms and she fled the house. Straight to Aunt Cassie, actually, so the Blacks are providing protection for now. She's stated her intention to go straight to the Ministry in the morning and disinherit every other member of the Crabbe family for treason--"A number of people choked or spluttered."--Which is technically within her rights, although saying it's painting a target on her back is mild.""Brave, if perhaps foolhardy," Dumbledore said. "She will not be dissuaded?"Sirius shrugged. "I don't know her very well, but everyone who does says she's about as easy to turn aside as a charging bull." He raised his head and seemed to actually see them for the first time, then. "I don't think there's any more news tonight, the Aurors won't be done searching the perimeter for hours and I doubt they'll find anything," he said."Indeed," Dumbledore said. "Perhaps you should say your goodbyes and go on to bed."

In the morning, they discovered that a third attack had been planned and nearly entirely averted: the Death Eaters had staged a major attack on muggle Britain, foiled by the unexpected and intensive cooperation of MLE with muggle authorities, which had led to the arrest or death of some twenty Death Eaters. In a smaller column on the front page was an additional article: Amycus Carrow, mourning the death of half of his household, had accused Minister Amelia Bones of causing his family's deaths by failing to ensure the security of magical Britain while worrying over muggles. Another accusation had been brought that Amelia Bones had violated the provisions restricting the number of armed soldiers the Ministry could keep at a given time. Minister Bones had pointed out that in fact most of the forces used to foil the attack had been fighting on behalf of their Houses - including House Potter.On page two came the announcement that Irma Crabbe had survived an attempted assassination and registered the unilateral disownment of several dozen adult family members, and all of their children who did not immediately swear oaths of loyalty to her anew.

All Souls' Day was a Saturday. The DA members gathered in the entrance hall after breakfast with supplies, joined by a number of other students who had heard about the plan to clean up the cemetery. Skimming faces, Harry wondered if any of these students would join the organization. He hoped in particular some of the older students would consider it. They were working on training more students to patrol, but it would be easier with more advanced members.At 9:30, Harry decided everyone who was coming had arrived at the entrance hall, and announced that they were leaving. After a certain amount of debate between students from different religions, which Harry had been utterly unqualified to participate in, the DA had agreed that they would stick to cleaning the cemetery, especially neglected graves, and leaving flowers and other offerings. The specific Christian practices of All Souls' Day would be reserved for graves with Christian iconography or family names known be Christian to the students who wanted to conduct them, something Cho and Hermione had together insisted on.Nearly fifty people filed into the clearing of the cemetery. Harry turned around, scanning the crowd, and used magic to magnify his voice. "All right, everyone!" he called, watching faces turn towards him. "Thank you for coming today. We're going to start out by cleaning up the graves and cutting back the overgrown plants. We have muggle tools if you're not confident using magic, but I'm going to show you a few spells that will be useful. If you need help go ahead and ask an older student, or one of the DA officers - that's me, Cho Chang, Hermione Black," he had nearly said Granger, "Demelza Robins," who looked mildly terrified but had confirmed that she could cast all of the spells earlier, "Emmeline Stone and Jason Cauldwell." Aside from Demelza, they waved or stood up to point themselves out as Harry said their names.As Harry went over the spell work, Daphne and a cluster of other students brought out thick pillar candles and set them along the path to the castle, lighting them one at a time. Daphne had absent-mindedly explained this was so that the spirits of the dead could find their way. The older students filtered into the cemetery and fanned out, some making their way to the older and overgrown sections to begin clearing graves, others lingering by near tombstones ones to look for names or leave flowers, or the wine and cakes that had been brought from the kitchens, or other individual offerings. Younger students hovered near Harry and the other officers. Harry spent a half hour showing them how to cast spells to scrub dirt off of stone, prune vines, clip grass and clear moss, depending on their personal interests, as well as how to use magic to uproot larger plants that might have grown in the middle of graves.Finally, the last second year cast his spell successfully after Harry's correction of his pronunciation, and the officers could join the others.Linda Culpepper's grave was a short walk from the entrance to the clearing. Magic had been used to carve the headstone in time for the funeral. There was a slim white stone with her name, and the years of her birth and death, 1983-1996. She had only been thirteen, Harry thought, and for the first time in the past few days he was able to clearly identify the feeling that lurched, sickeningly, in his chest: it was fury, a fury that burned cold and slow, but rose, inexorably, now that his head was clear. Linda should not have died. Harry wished he had done something, paid attention - but it was not only Harry who had failed Linda. There was her Head of House, and the Ravenclaw Prefects, and Dumbledore, and of course, her parents...Not to mention the students who had actually attacked her.Below her name and the date was an inscription: "He heals the broken hearted and binds up their wounds. Psalm 147:3."Harry dropped his eyes to the ground in front of the tombstone, where students had left several bouquets of flowers: leggy yellow ones like Hagrid occasionally brought, and wildflowers, and one of manicured roses that must have been conjured, since they weren't sold at the store in the castle. Next to them, there was a small bundle of cakes wrapped in a napkin, and one last, burning pillar candle. The earth had been soaked in enough wine that the smell, standing in front of the grave, was overpowering. Now that Linda was dead, everyone had noticed her.Harry took a deep breath. He drew his wand, and concentrating hard on a spell he had learned recently, he conjured a vine of flowering morning glory. Oddly, he had found conjuring flowers very easy, which had been how he realized he was having problems with conjuration in part because he often could not picture what he wanted to produce clearly. Harry knew plants - muggle plants, at least - very well from Aunt Petunia's garden. When done, he took the vine and carefully draped it over the top of the headstone so that it was crowned in flowers, and then he turned to the neglected graves around Linda's.In the relatively recent end of the cemetery, just as Hermione and Daphne had said, there were two main kinds of graves: elaborate, manicured graves of distinguished professors who had wanted to be buried where they had spent their lives, and small, impoverished graves of students who had not had families to claim their bodies after they died at the school, or whose families had refused to take them back in death. Many of these were desperately impersonal. Harry had an unpleasant mental image of many other professors just like theirs, talking about the personality of a student few remembered and no one had been close to, trying to decide what was most appropriate. A few female students had been buried with infant children, an event Harry tried not to think too hard about. There were rather more graves from the seventies during the war, with one large cluster of students who had apparently died on the same day. Harry stood before it, staring."That's from when the Dark Lord attacked Hogsmeade during the weekend," a voice said behind him. Harry turned and saw an anxious, but definitely present Juliana Crabbe standing with them with a scarf around her neck, holding her wand in one hand and a bouquet of flowers in the other. "It's why they had supervised weekend visits up until this year, and now none at all," she added, shifting slightly."I'm glad you came," Harry said, truthfully."Thank you," Juliana said. "If it weren't for present circumstances with my family I probably couldn't have.""You mean because of Lady Irma Crabbe disowning...""My parents," Juliana said, and nodded. "She's given the children until Christmas break to decide whether we go home with our respective parents or to her. Except for my brother, of course, who was disowned unilaterally after she heard about the accusations." Juliana relayed this information with no emotion whatsoever."Do you know what you're going to do?" Harry said."Most likely, but I'm taking my time before I do anything irreversible." Juliana looked over the cemetery and said, more quietly, "I didn't realize how many students were abandoned here. I suppose when Hogwarts had a bigger population it was easier not to notice. I've found at least one Crabbe, actually - she was sixteen, and the epitaph seems to imply she killed herself. It's always interesting to learn more family history," she finished brightly.

A reporter from the Daily Prophet arrived around eleven-thirty. Harry rounded up the other DA officials to keep him away from the younger members and focus questions on the cemetery cleanup and the grieving students, not on their illegal vigilante activity. Everyone trailed back inside as lunch arrived. Harry felt he had to stay as long as anyone else was out. He, Hermione and Cho, along with her little sister Xiulan and friend Marietta, ended up accompanying several first years back, all of whom looked like they had been crying recently. At nearly two o'clock they arrived in the Great Hall at the end of lunch, just in time to grab food quickly before it vanished. Still, Harry felt better for having done something for Linda, however useless. And he had been approached by several students who were not currently DA members during the graveyard cleaning who wanted to join.That evening, Sirius called him on the mirror. This was not an unusual event, but Sirius's face was taut with worry. "Are you alone?" he asked when Harry picked up."Yeah, I'm in bed," he said, fishing his wand out of his pocket to cast silencing spells on the curtain. "Should I go get the others?"Sirius shook his head. "Let them know later, but I wanted to make sure you were warned this time. You read the newspaper and heard what Amycus Carrow said, right?""That he blamed Amelia for his family dying?" Harry said furiously, rage coming rushing back at the reminder.Sirius nodded. "He got Utto Rosier to publicly support his statement, which.. I don't know if you know, Carya's Aunt Salma is Aunt Dru's older sister, and Utto is their younger brother. With the new Carrow head complicit in her death, Utto is supposed to be demanding wergild - it's compensation for her death, basically - and instead he's helping cover up his sister's murder." Harry stared in horror as Sirius went on, smiling thinly, "Which is horrific even by pureblood standards, and not really the kind of thing Aunt Dru would ignore, especially when no one disputes Salma Rosier was doing her duty by her late husband's family and hadn't violated any of the ethical standards purebloods care about... You know, like consorting with muggles and riffraff like us, or sleeping around.""Did Aunt Dru - is she okay?" Harry said. He had not connected Carya's in-law Salma Carrow to Aunt Druella's older sister, who he had never met."She is fine," Sirius said. "At least physically speaking. Utto Rosier is dead." Harry choked, and Sirius went on, "She dueled and killed him, seconded by Narcissa.  This isn't going to be like what happened after Narcissa killed Algernon Longbottom, because even a certain number of Death Eaters find Utto excusing his sister's murder while she protected the Head of her deceased husband's family beyond the pale - last war everyone did a better job pretending they had no idea who those hooligans in masks were - but there is certainly going to be a reaction.""Right," said Harry, who even after watching the duel over Hannah's inheritance last Christmas found it hard to absorb the idea that people in the Wizarding world sometimes agreed they would attempt to murder each other in public and then did it. "So - what happens now?""The Rosiers are tied up in a lawsuit between Utto's son and his cousins. Utto inherited because the last head's children were underage when he died, and their mother is claiming they have the right to reclaim the inheritance, whereas Utto's son and his mother say it belongs to them. That means the Rosier seat reverts to a Ministry appointment under Amelia's control until the court case is resolved, and they don't want a blood feud in the middle of a succession lawsuit, so they took wergild from us in compensation for Utto's death and declared the issue resolved." Sirius hesitated. "The Carrow seat is - well, I would have said it would revert to Amycus's younger brother, Aion, who is also a Death Eater supporter but weaker willed, because Musica disinherited Amycus and Alecto years ago and adopted Asbolus, Amycus's son, as her direct heir.""Would have said?" Harry said."He showed up at the Ministry yesterday to claim the seat, and the Carrow's first sheriff - like Miles Vance for us - showed up, too, and said that Musica Carrow had amended the succession to default to gender neutral primogeniture in the last Carrow Charter approved by the Wizengamot, without letting anyone else in the family see the records of the amendment. He brought the original documents with him, and proved it, so I suppose she was afraid of Amycus and Alecto murdering her before the change was approved if they knew about it in advance. That means that when they murdered Asbolus after Musica, the seat formally passed to Carya's baby daughter, Irene."Harry struggled to appreciate this. "So - is it another Ministry appointment?"Sirius shook his head. "If there weren't any adult family members who were eligible to control the seat the Ministry would appoint someone until Irene came of age, like you or Adrian Pucey. But since the heir is clear and living, her guardian would be in charge of the seat as long as the guardian is a family member. Which makes what they did stupid, but... As far as we can tell, a number of things had already gone wrong in their plan by the time the Carrows had the threat sent to Daphne. Asbolus was Amycus's son, but he was raised by Musica. They seem to have expected him to go along with his father if he had to, or that Carya would share her mother's politics.""And instead, Asbolus fought them and died, and Carya...""Was supposed to be under the Imperius Curse after she refused to help with the plan, but she learned how to resist it in class with me her sixth year. I think she would have attacked them when she broke the Curse if she didn't have a baby with her, but she went into hysterics instead," Sirius said, hesitated, and added, "And she's also pregnant again, I don't know if she mentioned it. Apparently they genuinely didn't know that Musica amended that clause of the Charter." He ran a hand over his hair. "What it amounts to is a court case in the Wizengamot between Carya and Aion over her daughter's guardianship, which will also determine who manages the family until Irene is of age.""But - if they get the guardianship--" Harry remembered, horrified, Carya clutching her daughter."We're not going to hand Irene over even if they win the case, but it makes sense to start by going through the courts," Sirius said, not looking happy. "That will take some time to resolve. The other thing is, apparently a few Death Eaters in the Wizengamot - Utto among them - complained to the International Confederation of Wizards that Amelia's cooperation with muggle authorities over the attack is a deliberate breach of the Statute--""What?" said Harry furiously."So they may send observers," Sirius said, "Although I don't think it's going to be a real problem - I mean, any idiot can see that Voldemort killing muggles en masse is a much bigger violation of the Statute... If they decide intervention is necessary they have the power to take almost any measure, up to occupying Britain and replacing the entire government, and they have significantly more troops available than anyone in Britain. It's happened before, but rarely. So we'll have to hope they take our side, if they take any side.""Right," said Harry, hoping this was true. "Er - tell Aunt Dru I said I'm glad she's okay, and I'm sorry about her sister. And her brother, if you think she wants to hear it.""I will," Sirius said. "How are you doing?" he added, worried. "I heard a student died...""She was in third year," Harry said heavily, "She was muggleborn, and it looks like she was being harassed. I actually helped her once--" He told Sirius about catching students lying in wait for Linda, and how bad he felt that he hadn't checked on her later, and slowly, about how the DA was going, the attack on Demelza, who he identified only as one of his team, and the cemetery clean up.His chest felt looser when he was finished. Everyone at school had been present for most of this, so he had not really had a need to explain it to anyone. But he found that describing his own actions, acknowledging how horrible it had been in between the routine of classwork and Quidditch, made things easier. Sirius nodded and listened solemnly, sometimes making small suggestions or asking questions, until Harry was finished."Harry," he said at the end. "I'm sorry you're going through this, but... I'm proud of you. I think you're doing a much better job than we did at your age, dealing with this.""Really?" said Harry."We were idiots," Sirius said. "We tried to make it into some glorious vigilante crusade... And we didn't actually talk to anyone about what we were doing, except for showing off. But you're learning how to lead. Keep on, and things will be okay eventually.""I hope," Harry said, but he felt as though by saying it, Sirius had made it so.

The first Quidditch match of the season fell on a day with crisp, clear weather. One of the Slytherin Chasers had been taken out by a bludger in practice and his replacement had to fly. Harry had asked Demelza if she wanted him to tell Jimmy and Ritchie to keep an eye on her on the pitch, but she shook her head determinedly, and he decided not to overrule her. Montague had graduated, alongside three other seventh years on last year's Slytherin team, and Draco had been removed, which left Crabbe and Goyle as the only returning players. It was not a good position for Slytherin to be in, and Harry was hopeful for a quick match that ended before anyone was fouled too nastily, a clean victory which would cut short the pre-game violence this year.Captain Urquhart shook Harry's hand and made a good effort to crush it. Harry kept his face straight with difficulty, wondering how Urquhart had made captain as a new player - although it wasn't as if Crabbe or Goyle was a particularly likely candidate. Several of the Slytherin team - all male and mostly upperclassmen - sneered pointedly at Demelza, who stared at the ground. Harry nudged her gently and mounted his broom, and Madam Hooch's whistle blew...What followed was an exceptionally brutal game. The replacement Slytherin Seeker, Harper, body slammed Harry twice in the first ten minutes, incurring Gryffindor two penalties: Katie made the first goal, and the second was taken by Demelza, who also scored. ("Yes," Harry hissed under his breath.)Then, as Seeker, he had to rip his eyes from his new team's performance and search for the Snitch before Harper beat him to it...He had not previously appreciated what a headache it was to Captain and Seek at the same time, and found himself wondering if he should write to the now-graduated Cedric Diggory for advice from a more neutral party than Cho. He had to pay attention to the rest of the team more closely than usual so that he could call for a time out or give advice if necessary, instead of only counting goals. But he also had to keep watch for the Snitch and mark Harper closely, and Harper had only one job. At least when they played Ravenclaw at the end of the year, Cho would be at a similar disadvantage. He was not entirely certain who the new Hufflepuff captain would be...Harper moved suddenly, and Harry shot towards him by sheer reflex, then skimmed the ground, frantically assessing if it was a feint - but no, there was the golden blur of the Snitch. Harry had moved only a hair after Harper, and his broom was much faster. As the snitch curved left, he saw that Harper was not entirely capable of steep turns mid-dive. Harper flew wide as Harry corkscrewed hard left and down, securing Gryffindor victory only twenty minutes into the game.Gryffindor went wild, and Cho and the handful of other out of house girlfriends and boyfriends of team members were not the only ones in other houses' colors during their after party. Just as the run up to the game had spread out to encompass all of the houses, the victory did as well - even, Harry thought, staring as he found Daphne and Tracey with Demelza, Slytherins. Draco was probably right that he was better off away from the team in this environment, Harry thought, although he would have been seriously torn himself in a similar position..."Good job!" Katie called, coming over to take the empty seat Ron had just left. "I knew you'd be as good as Angela and Wood--""Thanks, Katie," Harry said, leaning over to accept her hug. She was slightly flushed, and speaking slurrily, and he knew that someone must have smuggled Firewhiskey in. "I was surprised you weren't Captain--""Nah, I went to McGonagall last year and said you'd be better," Katie said. "You've got to get grades above a certain level, you know, to be Quidditch Captain or Prefect, and after that it's by seniority on the team. I don't know the younger students that well and I'm not great at organizing people, though, and I knew you'd do a good job.""Thanks," Harry said, surprised and pleased. "It might have been easier if I was in a different position, though...""You should write to Cedric.""I was just thinking that--" Harry broke off, suddenly distracted. It was not hard to imagine that Crabbe and Goyle had not had grades good enough to qualify for house offices, but Draco? How had he been removed from the team if he should have been Captain this year as senior member?Cho was coming back with their drinks. "This isn't spiked, is it?" Harry said reluctantly, taking his butterbeer.Cho shook her head, hair rippling around it. "I wanted to," she said, sighing, "But I know neither of us should be drunk in a crowd right now, not everyone in your house is thrilled about the DA either...""What happened?" Harry said suddenly, alarmed. Cho had only just arrived from Ravenclaw, and he hadn't seen her all day, but as she turned to put down her glass on the side table, her hair slid back to reveal a purple bruise on the side of her jaw."I got into a fist fight with that idiot Lysette Nott," Cho said calmly. "She's in Ravenclaw in my year, she's been going around in a Slytherin scarf draped over her uniform all month, and she cornered me to tell me about how I was dating an arrogant blood-traitor pipsqueak, so I decked her and she got me back.""Cho--" Harry said, torn between laughing and horror. "Is she in your dorm?""Yeah, but it's fine, there are about five girls between us," Cho said, and distracted him by kissing him."My hero," Harry said into her mouth, and she giggled.

The sun rose far too early Sunday morning. Harry squinted painfully and realized that there was a crack open in his curtains. He sat up to close them, and Cho shifted next to him in bed, making a protesting noise."I'm closing the curtains," he said softly."Mm. Water?" she mumbled."Just a minute." Harry got up, tiptoeing, but he wasn't quiet enough. Ron said, muffled behind his curtains, "What's it?""Nothing, I'm getting water," Harry said, but Ron's face emerged from his curtains as Harry poured a glass from the jug on his table.Ron made a funny gack noise and went scarlet. "Chang!""Hi, Weasley," Cho said breezily. "D'you see where my bra wound up last night? I can't find it in the bed.Ron spluttered, and Harry felt rather bad for snickering. "Here's the water, Cho," he said, handing her glass over, and scanned the room. "Er - here," he added, fishing the bit of navy fabric and lace off of the floor by his bed and passing it to Cho, then closing the curtains for her."Is she - up here - often?" Ron hissed urgently."This is the first time," said Harry truthfully. "Why?""I don't want her to see me wandering around in - underwear with little snitches on them before breakfast!""I don't want to see you in snitch pants," Dean said, yawning as he emerged, "You could always put clothes on first... Morning, Harry.""Morning," said Harry, and elected to rejoin Cho behind his own curtains before Ron came up with a response to this.He had a chance to ask Draco about the Quidditch captaincy at breakfast, as Draco, Tracey and Daphne came to eat at the Gryffindor table rather than join the malevolent air at Slytherin's end of the room this morning. Draco smiled tiredly and said, "I thought it would be inviting a little too much harassment to volunteer to be an authority figure this year... Especially after the news about my family last summer," which made several people - including a few who had evidently been eavesdropping - wince.A new routine formed for November. With no more games until March for Gryffindor, Harry dropped Quidditch practice to once a week until the weather grew bad enough to stop for the season, and focused on the DA. Their patrol schedules were finally evening out, and while there was a steady stream of fights that sent members to the Hospital Wing, there were no more horrifying incidents for a time. ("According to Pansy," Draco said in the relative privacy of Daphne and Tracey's room, "Some of the students are relieved they have an excuse not to do anything too blatant, although they're trying to hide that, of course.")Meanwhile, Harry and the others studied frantically, trying to catch up and hold steady on N.E.W.T. coursework after the disruptions of October, and read the newspaper with nearly equal intensity. They were all in contact with the adults, which meant a great deal more political news than they had been accustomed to receiving in previous years. Harry was not entirely sure this was helpful, when he could do nothing about the ominous news that the ICW observers were speaking to Voldemort too, as though he represented a legitimate faction or alternate government whose claim they might support over the Ministry of Magic if they decided the Statute of Secrecy was at risk in Britain.Not much later, as recounted by a furious Hermione from Aunt Cassiopeia - Voldemort's followers had taken over the stage at the underground Dark Arts market that, among other things, was the largest supplier of underground and uncensored books in magical Britain by force of arms, a move that Hermione said was a serious move towards claiming to represent the political opposition. The day she received Aunt Cassie's news, Hermione, who Harry had seen no evidence had slept since October, also passed out communications mirrors to the DA officers and several more enchanted for use while keeping watch, with thanks to the older students in the DA who were taking Ancient Runes for their assistance with the work.That Friday, they had a Wardcraft class they had all really been looking forward to. They had spent the last several months learning how to cast or identify and cancel many of the most common protective spells, as well as how certain standard layered arrangements of protective enchantments worked. They had also been working on a crash course in the Arithmancy and Ancient Runes skills  necessary for basic Wardcraft, with more advanced readings available for those students who had already taken entry level classes. But what really made Wardcraft interesting - aside from the use of powerful and destructive spells for protective purposes - was learning methods that could combine spells or alter ones that already existed.This had sounded to Harry from the start like the ritual magic Aunt Cassiopeia's portrait had long ago introduced them to. Professor Wong had confirmed when Anthony Goldstein asked that they were technically learning a restricted branch of magic for parts of the class, one she was licensed in and which Hogwarts had a special license to teach. But a lot of it was not ritual magic, but written.Written magic, as Professor Wong had explained to those of the class who had not taken Ancient Runes, was different because of the temporal dimension. Normally a spell was enacted more or less immediately, via either intention and thought, or by a spoken incantation. It would last for an amount of time that depended on the caster's power and desire and the spell itself. A written incantation, however, would cast continuously as long as power was available. This meant that writing could allow an individual witch or wizard to activate multiple spells simultaneously, or a work much too complex to focus on at the same time.It also made it possible to alter someone else's spell long after the fact and without their knowledge and participation. This was not a simple thing to do, and even the students taking Ancient Runes had only enacted their own spells - carefully checked by Professor Babbling - and not altered existing ones. But it was a major component of breaking, fixing and interacting with enchantments and protective wards, so they would all have to learn to pass the class.On their first day, of course, Hermione had altered Professor Wong's inscription with a simple invocation, "By my will," but Professor Wong had dryly told the rest of them not to expect to copy her. "Miss Black is, I understand, the personal student of Lord Cassiopeia Black and can do a lot of things that I can't, I imagine, let alone the rest of you. She has my permission to go about activating written incantations however she wishes, but everyone else had better learn to do it right. The seventh years had to have me activate their solution the first day."Then she drew a very simple incantation on the board and activated it to light a candle sitting on the table in front. Unlike a fire charm like incendio, the written incantation would keep the candle lit, so that if it blew out or was extinguished the flame would light again with no further intervention from Professor Wong. In order to change the incantation safely, she explained, it was first necessary to cast a spell to temporarily freeze the effects. In this particular case most changes would not cause any harm, and she had been careful on the first day to make sure it was unlikely that anything dangerous would happen, but in the real world it was very easy to cause a serious accident...Harry, along with the others, took lengthy notes on the spells and procedures involved in altering existing enchantments through writing for the next hour. They were assigned copious homework, but not without some progress: before leaving, Professor Wong had each of them come up and test out the spells by changing the color of the candle flame, one by one.

Saturday night, Harry sat up late in the Gryffindor common room, working on homework. Hermione had gone up to bed before him, for once, but Crookshanks lay on the floor near Harry's feet, kneading his abandoned bag and purring loudly. What with the DA and the recent close of Gryffindor's autumn Quidditch season, Harry was very behind on his homework, especially anything he had been able to tell himself he could do at the end of term. Right now he was working on an essay for Professor Wong about the use of blood in protective and offensive magic, for which he was supposed to make an argument about whether the Ministry banning all legal forms at the end of the last war had been justified. On the one hand, this was a subject which Harry actually knew some things about. On the other, he had to be concerned about which of his preexisting knowledge was actually legal, which made the essay unnecessarily complicated. Ron, beside him, was finishing a very overdue Potions essay.There was a sudden commotion towards the portrait hole which Harry ignored. Right now, in Gryffindor, he was not in charge of anything - the student currently officially on watch for the DA was Lavender, they all traded off nights - and he did not have to do anything about whatever it was... Right now he needed to get this essay completed... But in the next moment he heard Lavender's wavering voice call, "Harry!""What's wrong now?" Harry said, putting his books aside."It's Blaise Zabini, he's at the portrait hole asking for you," Lavender said, with great skepticism, "Should I Stun him?""That's all right, I'll hear him out," Harry said hastily. Ron was reaching for his wand. Harry jumped up, and while he made sure his was close to hand, he went to the portrait hole without drawing.Blaise Zabini was just outside and breathing hard as though he had run the whole way up from the dungeons. "Potter," he said to Harry, and Harry was struck by the realization he didn't think they had ever so much as spoken in the past six years. "There's - there's a fight in the dorms - I don't know if Draco told you about the list--""I know about the list," said Harry. "What happened? He's not on the priority target list."Zabini shook his head and said, "Nott decided he could make it deniable, though, if they made it look like a suicide... Especially what with - what came out about Lucius Malfoy.""What's going on right now?" said Harry. The room seemed to have crystallized around him. The noise of the dorm must have been as loud as ever but he could not hear it. There was only Blaise Zabini in front of them, and the fight that might or might be going on in the dungeons, and the question of what to do to prevent Draco from dying - if there was time at all."He was holding them off when I left," said Zabini, still breathing hard, "I thought - better to get help - there were about ten of them and it's not like I knew anybody in the house who'd help... I don't think they'd have killed him right away if they won, though, they'll want him to do it himself... He can break the Imperius Curse, I know that, so they'd have to torture him into it...""Right," said Harry. "So--""He might be lying," said Ron from Harry's shoulder. "It might be a trap." Lavender said something that sounded like an agreement but Harry wasn't listening by then."Don't be stupid, Weasley," Zabini said, but looked worried."Look," said Harry. "Draco's said he was working on you, but he didn't know what side you'd come down on. I can't ask you to take ages proving it, but--" If he said this here, with the common room around him, he could not possibly keep it a secret, but he either trusted the DA or didn't... He had already committed plenty of illegal acts this year... "I'm a Legilimens," he said, meeting Zabini's eyes and watching him flinch away. "Will you let me into your head, just enough to prove you're telling the truth?"His hearing returned just in time to hear the shocked whispering and murmuring behind him. He did his best to ignore it, watching Zabini avoid his gaze. Finally, what felt like an eternity later but must have only been a few seconds, Zabini nodded jerkily and lifted his eyes to Harry's.Zabini wasn't an Occlumens any more than Ron or Hermione originally had been, and Harry was now experienced enough to easily slip into his mind. Zabini's surface thoughts were staticky and blank with horrified shock, but that could easily have been the reaction of someone plotting murder for the first time. Harry slipped deeper, just enough to brush the memory of Zabini waking from sleep to the sounds of whispering in the dormitory, hear the duel break out, and watch Zabini Disillusion himself grimly behind his curtains and break out at a run..."He's telling the truth," said Harry, sliding back out of Zabini's mind. "Right. Lavender, go get Hermione and Parvati from the dorm. Ron, get the others from ours, and both of you bang on the fifth and seventh year dorms too. The rest of you - who's fifth year or up? Who's willing to come? We need to be fast. Zabini, can you sketch us a map of the Slytherin dorms?"Hermione came down first in her nightgown, a cloak thrown over her shoulders, and her communication mirror already in hand. "Emmeline Stone--" she was saying into it as she reached them at the portrait hole. Zabini's eyebrows had flown up. A moment later Hermione was filling in the seventh year Slytherin and they had a rudimentary, if terrifying, plan.They weren't going to be subtle, but they didn't really need to be. Harry sent Lily Abbott, who was fast on the ground as well as on a broom, to get Professor Sinistra as Head of Slytherin House from her quarters at the base of the Astronomy Tower. He counted the students available while Hermione relayed instructions to Emmeline Stone, and then as a mass they went at something between a march and a run out of the portrait hole, flowing in one group down the stairs, through the Entrance Hall and to the steps down to the dungeons.They met a few staff on their way, and Peeves whooped at them and flew overhead, but they did not stop to justify themselves and the teachers did not attempt to make them stop. Peeves said something Harry did not hear, and Katie Bell turned, drawing her wand, and cast a spell she had learned drilling with the DA that made him shriek and fly off in a huff. They kept going. Zabini was saying something about the password as they approached the blank stretch of wall that concealed the Slytherin Common Room, but Harry said, only, "I know where it is," and prompted by instinct and perhaps the guidance of the school itself, he said to the wall in Parseltongue, "Open" - and the wall slid back.Zabini fell back, startled. They were met by shocked faces, some confused, others indignant, and some - those, Harry suspected but could not prove, who knew what was going on - malicious or guilty. The Slytherin dormitories, set into what had once been catacombs, then medieval sleeping cubicles, were not segregated into male and female staircases set in a row. Instead six doors from the common room let back into the castle, and accessed a confused jumble of rooms, marked off by gender and year.The Gryffindors made no particular attempt to be subtle, but threw all six doors open simultaneously as planned and charged back into the rooms. Slytherin DA members filtered into the crowd as they went, and Harry spotted a few Hufflepuffs, who someone must have called - they would be closer to Slytherin than Gryffindor, of course.The sixth year boys' dorms were most quickly accessed by the second door from the left, three intersections deep and two doors down the left turn. Harry reached it first, glanced back to check that the others were with him, and raised his wand. Then he dropped into a crouch, and waited until the students directly behind him had likewise moved out of the obvious line of fire, before he blasted the door in.Screaming met them the instant the door was breached. A Silencing Charm had obviously been cast on it. Inside, Draco had been tied by one wrist to the foot of his bed and was bleeding heavily from his bare chest, but seemed to have ripped his other hand free. He had a wand in his hand - his own or another student's, Harry didn't know - and was trading curses with Aeson Croaker and Theodore Nott. The door had taken out a third student, who lay still under it. Harry took this in in a moment and cast a Stunning Charm at Croaker's back, watching him collapse with numb satisfaction. Ron's spell took down Theodore Nott, and Hermione severed the bond still holding Draco to the bed. He fell at once and rolled under the bed for cover."Hermione," Harry said, jerking back out of the way, and she slashed her wand across the room at chest height, filling it with a sheet of red light. Bodies fell to the floor throughout the room, but a few of the Death Eater students had been crouching or on the floor. Hermione could only hold the spell for a few seconds, and when she dropped it and collapsed back against the wall, breathing hard, two students leapt up and ran for the opposite door, wrenching it open--Where they ran straight into the prepared Emmeline Stone, with several other Slytherin upperclassmen.Only a second later, the room was silent but for heavy breathing. Draco rolled slowly out from under the bed and sat up. He was cradling his left arm to his chest, now that it had been untied, and Harry could now see several fingers sticking out at an unnerving angle. Draco was bleeding from cuts to the chest and face, and his hair seemed to be soaked with sweat."Damn," he said, looking up at the Gryffindors, "You know, when I pictured this moment, I had something very clever to say at the end of it, but I can't think of a single thing."

None of the Slytherin students they had caught in the act of torturing Draco were dead. Professor Sinistra arrived ten minutes later, having been deeply asleep when Lily Abbott pounded on her quarters' door, and had to have things explained to her. Harry asked Ron and Lavender to handle it while he and Hermione took Draco up to the hospital wing. Draco grimly asked Professor Sinistra to contact his guardian - Sirius again - and said, when she asked, that he wanted to press charges against the students who had used the Cruciatus Curse against him - something which made Professor Sinistra's eyes go wide, but she nodded grimly.When Harry, Hermione and Draco emerged into Slytherin's common room, they found a House that appeared to be under armed occupation. As instructed, the Gryffindors at the back of the crowd had stayed outside to guard the students going on to extract Draco, and had remained after the fight was over. There were five Gryffindors, two Hufflepuffs and a single Slytherin student standing in a circle around the common room, wands drawn, with every exit covered. Slytherin students were sitting very still, with their hands visible, watching the guards, or trying to read, or whispering very quietly to friends. Two students were lying on the floor, Harry hoped desperately only Stunned."All right," he said to the guards, "You saw Professor Sinistra come in? Nobody's dead. Draco's all right, we got there in time, he's having Sinistra contact my godfather so we can press charges. Good work, everyone," he said awkwardly - this did not seem really sufficient. "What happened with these two?""The second year started screaming about us coming to kill them all," said Ginny, rolling her eyes."That's August Rosier," said Fiona King, the Slytherin student with the DA, who Harry dimly remembered was one of the common room watch volunteers. "He drew his wand on Ginny and tried to curse her, so I stunned him, and then his cousin over there went into hysterics. They're just little kids, there's no point punishing them for being scared.""You're probably right," said Harry, pretending that he did not see the wary eyes of the Slytherin students aside from Fiona. "Look, we don't need the whole DA down here like an occupying army. Hermione and I are taking Draco up to Madam Pomfrey, and Ron and Lavender are explaining what happened to Professor Sinistra. Fiona, you and - Katie and Dean - stay here until Professor Sinistra dismisses you. Fiona, talk to Emmeline and find out if any of the Slytherin students who helped us want to change dormitory assignments for security. You're in charge tonight. Everyone else, good job, go back to your common rooms, we'll contact you with meeting details soon."Fiona saluted, and Harry's stomach lurched. "C'mon, we need to get Draco upstairs," he said to Hermione, who nodded, jaw set. Draco let out an obliging moan of pain, and they started across the Slytherin common room in dead silence.Somehow, things went back to normal in the school quickly, although Draco was also moved out of Slytherin House. Unlike Daphne and Tracey, he asked to be housed in Ravenclaw with the boys in his year. Sirius was furious and agreed to press charges in the Wizengamot, but the court case would take weeks or months, so nothing could be done immediately. In the meantime they all, somehow, had to go back to class with the attackers once they had been roused and patched up themselves. Harry started assigning partners to stand common room watches in Slytherin, and had someone walk through the dorms every hour and check on any silenced door, and that was all - except that Professor Sinistra had ordered the rest of Slytherin House to cooperate.They were kept working furiously to the last minute of the term. Professor McGonagall introduced the difficult topic of Human Transfiguration the week before break began, so they spent Thursday staring into mirrors attempting to transfigure the color of their own eyebrows. On the last Friday before break, Professor Wong announced that they would spend the next term working on individually constructed ward projects, and she expected them to do enough background reading to write their proposals over break. Those sixth years who were taking Wardcraft raced to the library for the final two periods of the day to find books to take home.Daphne was agitated the whole week. While she would be going home to Grimmauld Place, she knew her little sister Asteria would return, again, to their uncle's household, where she would certainly see their mother and Bellatrix Lestrange. Only a month and a half ago, the Death Eaters had tried to kill Daphne by trading her for her other sister, Carya - and no mention of this had been made in Asteria's letters from home. But Asteria was still grimly determined not to show any sign of fear, so Daphne could only fuss over her in the meantime.Most of the students would return home via the train, but Harry, Hermione, Daphne and Draco left through the Floo in Professor McGonagall and Sinistra's offices because of security concerns, so they said goodbye to their classmates early Saturday morning. Those of their classmates who were staying with the Blacks as guests would arrive by the train later, in part to avoid advertising the fact that they had taken refuge with the family. But Harry and Hermione were met in Professor McGonagall's office by Marius Black's grandson Graeme, who was also going home securely.Grimmauld Place was packed with people, mostly familiar, and totally unrecognizable in comparison to the ghostly house Harry remembered first seeing nearly two years ago. The four of them went upstairs to their rooms to unpack first. There would be a family dinner that evening. Harry had grown used to the ever-growing family, but inching past Agrimony, who was standing in the doorway of Narcissa's office and debating something to do with tithe percentages with her and an unknown man, Harry felt a brief surge of trepidation. Hogwarts was so large that it was hard to feel really crowded outside of mealtimes and school events, but Grimmauld Place at the moment was stuffed to the roof rafters in the attics."--Hello, Harry," Agrimony said, turning to face him with an odd and bird-like quickness. "I hope your term went well.""Yeah, it was fine," Harry said. "Happy Christmas, how are you? How's Saffron doing?"Agrimony beamed at him, and Harry felt much less nervous. "Much better, thank you, Sirius has gotten three of the free primary schools on the estate lands running again and she's one of the first students who were enrolled. She's enjoying her classes. Sirius says he thinks he and Dumbledore can lean on the Board to let her go to Hogwarts if she's ready in a few years.""Really? That's great," Harry said, turning his floating trunk so that it would fit up the next flight of stairs with him. "Er, I've got to unpack--""Go ahead, I hope you have a good holiday!" Agrimony said, turning back to Narcissa and the unknown guest. Aunt Narcissa called her agreement from behind the doorway, and congratulations on finishing the first N.E.W.T. term.More congratulations were given at dinner: "We heard a few of you are getting involved in politics at school," Sirius said, raising his glass, "Congratulations, Harry - Hermione and Daphne and Draco, too--"Harry's face felt hot as the adults drank to them. Fortunately, the announcements were soon over, and dinner broke up until smaller conversations. This year there were a number of smaller tables instead of the large round one, to allow groups to form more easily. Draco, Daphne and Hermione were excitedly filling in Aunt Andromeda, Aunt Narcissa and Aunt Druella on Professor Dumbledore's Alchemy class, which had not been taught at Hogwarts since before even Aunt Druella had started school. Harry turned away to leave them to it. He sat with Graeme and Remus, hearing about the present Care of Magical Creatures curriculum for fourth years, which did not involve Blast Ended Skrewts, and remembered belatedly when Graeme dashed off to get something from his trunk to ask Remus about how his wyvern book had gone, or was going."It's just gone into print, actually, thank you, Harry," Remus said, and clicked his wine glass against Harry's when Harry, feeling rather like a child imitating his parents, raised his glass. "They're a fairly niche topic in Britain itself - we don't have any here, you see - but a copy has been ordered for the Hogwarts library, and by a number of specialists, and I have been approached about translating the work into Chinese... I was thinking about asking Professor Dumbledore's permission to undertake a study on some of the unique plant and animal populations on the grounds, but I am afraid other company in the castle might not agree with me this year.""Other company?" Harry said, baffled.Remus was surprised. "Ah, I mean your former Professor Snape. You recall he does not particularly like me--""Snape?" said Harry, stunned. "He's at the school?"Remus choked and laughed. "You haven't seen him at all? I suppose he wouldn't want you to. Yes, in the aftermath of his betrayal of Voldemort, the castle was the safest place for him, given he refused to reside in Grimmauld Place with Narcissa. He is currently conducting research with aid of the Hogwarts library and some of its equipment.""Dumbledore said there would be visiting scholars but I haven't seen any of them," said Harry. Then, thinking about it, "I mean, I've seen one or two adults I didn't recognize in the library, but I thought they were probably teachers I'd forgotten about.""I imagine Severus avoids as many people as he can," Remus said. "Ah, well. He and Narcissa have settled on a marriage contract and one of the more heavily protected minor properties for his - separate - residence, a cottage in an Unplottable location, so he should only be at Hogwarts another year. Always assuming he actually goes through with marrying Narcissa. I may ask Dumbledore for permission to do my study then - hello, Graeme, is this the book?"Harry excused himself and glanced around the room for another conversation to join. Sotero had been invited to dinner as a guest, and Sirius was currently talking to him with - Harry blinked - his aunt Lucretia, who only rarely came down to join the rest of the family. Harry went over out of sheer curiosity - Sirius absently pulled up a chair with his wand for Harry - and listened."--aside from the issue with my father, I think we should probably go ahead," Sotero was saying anxiously, absently twirling a lock of his very curly black hair around the fingers of his left hand. Crookshanks had crept into the dining room at some point, and was watching Sotero's hair move with interest from a perch on a chair. Harry picked the cat up before disaster struck."No, I agree, it would be absolutely fatal to betray any indecision now," Sirius said. "In any case, I think it's fairly unlikely that your father would try to overthrow you via the tenants - from everything I've ever heard, he was unenthusiastic about being forced to use the family resources to help the Dark Lord. Bella might be more likely, but the Lestranges would never support an outsider, non-Catholic wife.""Then your relations have agreed to return?" Lucretia said in a clear, intent voice."The relevant ones, yes, although not all of the British branch, Aunt Lucretia," Sotero said. "Most of the elderly women want to remain in France, where they're comfortable. Aunt Myrtle, who raised my sister and I, will come back with my sister Amaryllis--""She's really a Bones, anyway," said Lucretia with a snort."Yes. Her surviving son, Cousin Alexandre, always wanted to return, death marks aside. He and his wife Seraphine have agreed to come back, and their eldest daughter Ghislaine is married to another Lestrange cousin who - let me see if I remember this - his mother was Margot Lestrange, my father's...""Your grandmother's younger sister," Lucretia filled in readily. "Yes, I remember. Margot hated your grandfather for how he abused her older sister, so Madeleine found her a husband in France where Gaidic couldn't make her life harder. So Ghislaine's husband is Margot's...""Gauthier," Sotero said, "And they have one son, Marc Lestrange, who turned twenty-five this year and isn't yet engaged."Lucretia snorted. "They're all very minor cousins in France, aren't they? Whereas if they come to Britain - well, they've got the hope that you might be murdered and pass the title to Alexandre as oldest male cousin, leaving his son-in-law or grandson as heir. But even if you live they'll become the second branch of the family, which is sometimes a more advantageous position in times of turmoil anyway - not the immediate targets for venting of rage, but excellently in position for all kinds of benefits.""You've talked about your politics with Alexandre?" Sirius said, before Sotero could reply to this. "I know Bella mentioned the name once or twice but I don't remember...""Alexandre has Commune sympathies," Sotero said, shaking his head. "I mean, he's not like me--""No one is like you, except for Sirius," Lucretia said under her breath. Sirius and Sotero both ignored her."But he and Seraphine chose to raise their children in Paris on neutral territory, and their second daughter is actually an academic at the magical University of Paris. We may not agree on all of the details, but they're in line with the general goals of my political project - and yours, Sirius.""Good," Sirius said, "I'd hate to see you assassinated. But bringing them back will still win you favors with some of the conservatives who didn't like seeing the family driven off... You're really sure you want to bring your sister back, now? She could finish at Beauxbatons.""She nearly is finished at Beauxbatons," Sotero said, "She only has a year and a half left. She's finishing out this year there, but she said she wants to come to Britain after that. She's always hated being away from me," he said, laughing. "Anyway, even from a conservative perspective, she's likely to marry better here than in France, as my younger sister and the paternal aunt to my hypothetical heirs. We're nobody in France. And if she doesn't want to get married, she'll be better able to manage something else with my assistance."Harry felt a faint thread of uneasiness. Amaryllis, Sotero's sister, was the girl who had been born the same day as him, July thirty-first, and could have fit the prophecy, like him and Neville. He remembered Bellatrix confirming it dispiritedly last spring. But he did not trust Lucretia enough to say so in front of her, and he realized that she and Sotero - and their guardian Myrtle Bones Lestrange - might not know. Bellatrix had told Harry that only she and her husband had known, and that for that reason they had falsified the birth certificate. If the other Lestranges did not know, Harry wondered, should he tell them, in case Voldemort suspected? Or would Amaryllis be safer if no one but her parents and Harry knew?Most of the returning students slept in very late on the Sunday after break started, with no real demands on their time for the next month. The adults would remain busy, but with the war in full and terrible effect, there would not be as many social events as last year, and those that were held would have fewer guests, so they would be cooped up inside and mostly left to their own devices.In the seventies, as Sirius had taught them his year as Defense professor, the Death Eaters had attacked social events, often infiltrating the guest list and vanishing, then reappearing in masks partway through. Their habit of attacking masked had limited retaliation through honor duels and blood feuds - like the one that Aunt Druella had brought against her younger brother for their sister's death - and sown mistrust through the interrelated families that controlled magical Britain's real military force. That had prevented any serious alliances from forming that could have managed Voldemort.This time, many Death Eaters had all-but unmasked towards the end of the last war, when Voldemort's victory had seemed assured, or been forcibly unmasked after, so many culprits or collaborators were already known. But for the same reason Voldemort would be recruiting heavily among those too young to be involved in the last war, and in any case, Aunt Druella had said dryly at dinner, dis-inviting all of the Death Eaters among a family's in-laws from a wedding or a Christmas party was liable to start a new blood feud or five by itself, so many families were avoiding the issue by not holding large gatherings."What happened with the Crabbes?" Harry asked, when he came down to breakfast. Both Daphne and Cho had been writing back and forth with Carya constantly at school, so he knew that Carya's lawsuit for Irene's custody was ongoing and would probably not be decided for a month or more. In the meantime, Amelia had appointed the Carrow sheriff who had arrived at the Ministry to prevent Irene's inheritance being discarded as administrator. This meant the Carrow vote remained secure for the time being, albeit no long term plans could be made, and the Carrow tenants who had been mustered against Voldemort and assigned to follow Amelia's orders were not at risk of retaliation from the House itself. Carya had stayed with the Blacks for two weeks with her infant daughter, and then determinedly selected security with the family's help and went back to Musica's residence, where she had lived with her husband before the attack by their cousins."Irma's still Head, so unlike the Carrows there's no real legal dispute," Aunt Cassie said. "The main question is whether she can hold it against assassination or another revolt, especially after throwing the entire family out. That kind of thing always risks angering the residents of the estate, but there wasn't much else she could do at this point. It's not even the first attempt on her life, there were two in the seventies, but not so open and collective."Harry had gotten up before any of the other children, still used to rising early from the Dursleys. Most of the family ate breakfast in small groups or their own quarters at Grimmauld Place. That was one of the reasons why he missed living at the smaller house with Sirius and Remus before Bellatrix kidnapped him. He wasn't even sure who was living at Grimmauld Place right now in total. When Harry had come down to the drawing room where the largest groups usually gathered for meals, he had found Aunt Cassie, reading the Daily Prophet from that morning and drinking coffee. Remus and Aunt Druella were also present with heartier breakfasts.He blinked at this, surprised that Aunt Cassie had answered; the question had mostly been meant for Aunt Druella, who tended to be very involved in politics. But he remembered Irma greeting Aunt Cassie at Tonks and Evelyn's wedding last summer. "None of the Crabbe kids decided to stay with her?""She's reviewing a few letters, but she's not sure about their sincerity," Aunt Cassiopeia said. "There was - let me think - Cynric Crabbe, who is just barely nineteen and married to Hestia Carrow, they graduated last year, although I think Irma's planning to make divorcing her a condition after what happened to Musica. She's not sure if he's sincere or another conspirator. She had hoped Willa Crabbe would stay with her. She's Benedict's eldest - twenty-six - and was supposed to be heir because of Irma's interference with family practices. But Willa wrote to her yesterday and said that she appreciates all Irma has done and her loyalties will always be with her aunt, but she doesn't want to die for the inheritance and asks Irma's permission to marry and join another House. Irma was very broken up about it. And I think there was a younger girl as well...""Juliana?" Harry asked.Aunt Cassie's eyebrows raised, one at a time. "I think so. You know her?""She was one of Linda Culpepper's roommates," Harry said. "She came to tell me what had happened after, and then she came when the DA cleaned up the cemetery and left offerings at the student graves - er, you heard about that?""You made the paper, actually, although not the front page. Irma will be glad to hear it. Would you discuss it with her?""Yeah, sure," Harry said. "I think Adrian Pucey knows Cynric Crabbe, too, he might have an opinion about whether he's trustworthy if you tell her to write to him. Er, I didn't know you paid much attention to politics, though?""Normally I do not," Aunt Cassiopeia said. "But Irma is rather a special case. You saw her greet me at the wedding? --Well, Poll said that when she arrived in Britain in the seventies, she told him the same thing, about not believing that he would ever have harmed me. She is our maternal first cousin, and she married Poll very young, after her second year. Her mother wanted her away from the Crabbes before she was murdered for the inheritance, and asked ours to arrange it.""Murder is the Crabbe family past time, then?" Harry said.Aunt Cassie cast her wide gray eyes at him in surprise, then laughed softly. "I suppose. She's old enough to defend herself now, anyway. We were not close when she first married into the family - actually, I was terrible to her, I was a year older, much more accomplished magically but no more mature, and terribly resentful of her taking my older brother's attention and making him unhappy as well. I have always regretted that. But she was kind to me after my divorce - kinder than I had any right to expect - and we became very good friends later, until she had to leave Britain to avoid being murdered when she divorced Poll. She could have claimed her inheritance back then, you see, and her uncle was desperate to avoid that.""It seems like inheriting all this money and power is worse for the purebloods than anyone else," Harry said. His gaze had drifted to the Black family tree tapestry, where many lives were also cut suspiciously short, all the more so recently."You would think it would be worth being a little less powerful and wealthy in exchange for living a bit longer," Aunt Cassie agreed dryly. "But people tend to hold on to what they have at the cost of everything... Anyway, Irma is in a difficult position, all the more so if she can't take Cynric back, who at least is of an age to have children quickly. She is too old to have natural children, even for a witch. She could adopt an heir, like I adopted Hermione, but it would open the relationship up to lawsuits, and with relations circling for a chance to have her declared incompetent or treasonous it would be a terrible risk. She asked for my assistance.""You mean - so she can have children?" Harry said. He remembered vaguely that Aunt Cassiopeia had been involved in discussions about Tonks and Evelyn having children last summer, although he hadn't honestly wanted to know details."Partially." Aunt Cassiopeia hesitated. "Margaret has agreed to allow her to imply... A certain relationship between us. People know that I prefer women, and that we were close, and her divorce after producing three children, at the height of her youth, has always been seen as very strange. The Blacks often provide allowances and households to divorced and widowed women who don't want to go back to their birth families, like Aunt Druella, but since Irma actually was fleeing Arcturus it wouldn't have helped her. The idea that the two of us had a sexual relationship has rapidly caught on - just scandalous and plausible enough to be excellent gossip - and Irma has announced that I will assist her in magically conceiving and carrying a new heir."Harry blinked. "Wouldn't there still be a risk of her family suing?" Harry asked, then said, "But they'll be afraid of you, won't they?""Precisely." Aunt Cassiopeia shrugged. "Irma and her heir will probably be unmolested as long as magical Britain believes her the lover of a notorious Dark Lord. It gives a permanent cast to the Blacks' assistance with her security, much like the situation with the Abbotts last year, or our kinship with Sotero.""Margaret doesn't mind?" Harry said.Aunt Cassie's lips quirked. "Margaret has always been rather bohemian," she said, and seeing Harry staring blankly, said, "She has had other lovers in the past, temporarily. I don't mind - I am, honestly, a difficult spouse for anyone who wants attention when they need it and not merely when I can be pried out of scholarship - and she says this is fair enough. Anyway, it isn't as if she knows anyone in magical Britain to care about their opinions."Aunt Druella looked up from her conversation with Remus here, and said, "It isn't as if anyone else in Britain is faithful to their spouses, anyway - good morning, Hermione.""Good morning, Aunt Dru, Aunt Cassie, Uncle Remus, Harry," Hermione recited absently, coming into the drawing room. She was wearing jeans and a jumper, and her hair fanned bushily out around her ears except for the strands she was absently twisting around her fingers. Harry recognized the signs of a seriously preoccupied Hermione and guessed they would shortly be hearing about a book she had discovered in Grimmauld Place's library, or else her plans for her Wardcraft project or something, so he was not surprised when she sat down and said, "Actually, I wanted to talk to you, Aunt Cassie, Aunt Dru.""By all means," Aunt Cassiopeia said, pouring coffee for Hermione from the silver pot in the center of the table. "Breakfast for Hermione, please, Kitchens. Unless this is private?"Hermione began distractedly picking at the eggs on the platter that appeared in front of her. "Not exactly," she said, although she did not sound very sure. "Er, it's actually that - you know Sotero stayed past dinner last night? He asked me... I don't know quite what word to use - out, I suppose."Harry blinked. Aunt Cassiopeia's face went very blank in the way that meant she was calculating how best to react."Dear Lord," said Aunt Druella. "I hope he didn't make you any promises - not that he wouldn't be extremely lucky to have you, it's just that right now Sotero can't promise to live the month out. I'm sorry, darling, but he's my grandson and I still know that it's true.""No, I do know that," Hermione said while Aunt Cassiopeia visibly considered her response. "He said so to me - again, although I already was aware of it. We've... spent a lot of time together, last term, before he admitted who he was in public. Before the DA, we arranged things so somebody would be with me while I taught and walked to and from review sessions, in case anyone tried to jump me like - like what happened to Linda or Demelza, and since he was Junior Professor it was easy to have him sit in the back and grade, and walk me back to Gryffindor after. We spent a lot of time talking. About Arithmancy, and politics, and... you know." Her cheeks were growing pinker as she spoke."Dove," Aunt Cassie said, breaking in gently. "You haven't done any wrong. Aunt Druella speaks out of concern, not judgment.""I am told I can be unbearable," Aunt Druella said agreeably.Hermione took a deep breath and nodded. "He told me he couldn't make any promises - that was exactly what he said," she said, "Because he knows he might die any given day. Although he's come to tentative agreements with the major representatives of the estate residences and agreed to choose a new First Vassal now that the Malfoys are extinct in Britain, and it sounds like things aren't as bad as they looked at first. He's hoping things will be more secure once his relatives are here, but we know it might be years before he could really marry safely, and that me being - who I am - might make things worse. But he said - he liked me a great deal and he thought I felt the same, and since he could also end up disinherited by the Wizengamot tomorrow and cut loose entirely, or we could all die in an aerial attack on Diagon Alley or Hogsmeade over Christmas, he didn't want to wait and hope he could someday ask, and maybe I'd be married by then.""I take it that, as you have brought this to us instead of slapping him and cursing his name, you want to accept," Aunt Druella said.Hermione blinked. "I mean - I suppose," she said. "I do like talking to him - and he'd read Advanced Numerology and saw the problems with chapter three the same way I did, we wrote a letter to the author together - and...""In marriage you should please yourself first," Aunt Cassiopeia said quietly, when Hermione trailed off. "Doing else wise often ends badly for everyone. Consider the risk - consider how it will affect your life every day, not just in the event that what you fear most comes to pass. Consider whether you will actually enjoy being married to a man with a dozen death marks on his head, and needing bodyguards with you when you go out shopping or for a walk in the gardens. I don't know if you've thought about children, either, but if you marry the Lord of a House as devastated as the Lestranges you will have to have them young, and fairly numerous at that, although I think Sotero will leave the timing and exact number up to you. Of course, you will also have access to a great deal of money, the extensive libraries of both families - and the Lestranges are notoriously stingy with their family magic and secrets - and a husband with similar political ambitions of his own, so it will not be all bad."If you consider it and you still want him, then yes, I would say, you should agree, and besides which, it may not be as terrible politically as you are concerned. As my daughter and apprentice, you have a certain status among the traditional set, and technically it is a cousin marriage by blood adoption, which is traditional for the Lestranges. He certainly can't marry his own sister and there aren't any other female Lestranges of the right age come back to Britain, so given that Tonks is now married - and less acceptable than you by sheer personality - in a way you're the most traditional match he has anyway.""One thing may be an issue," Aunt Druella said before Hermione could answer. "I had to go over the Lestrange House Charter with Bella when she married. Their title is limited to legitimate heirs of the body, and I think their definition of legitimate is predicated on Christian marriage."Aunt Cassiopeia frowned. "Sotero can prevail on his bishop easily enough, the man would be an idiot to refuse his bride point blank. I mean, they found Bella acceptable, and to the Catholics we're all heretics.""Bella was baptized, though," Aunt Druella said. "And if the marriage was technically invalid it can be dragged out in court later when you die and your children are trying to inherit. Charters can be amended, and it could be done after the children were actually born as long as it happens before he dies, but Sotero should know if he has to get that amendment through the Wizengamot. In part so he can start working on it."Hermione had flushed much darker now. "I hadn't thought of that," she said, lips pressed tightly together. "Damn it - I'll have to tell him...""He knows that you're Jewish?" Aunt Cassie said, looking concerned."Yes, but we didn't think it would matter," Hermione said, tearfully, and got up, breakfast nearly untouched. Harry hastily swallowed his mouthful of eggs and got up to follow, but when he caught up with her in her bedroom, she refused to talk about anything but their holiday homework.As it turned out, this was not the last of the news concerning the Lestrange family. On Monday morning they headlined in the Daily Prophet, and Harry came downstairs to a house mad with gossip: late on Sunday evening, Rodolphus Lestrange had turned himself in to MLE, and told the Ministry that his brother Rabastan Lestrange was dead. The Ministry had made no comment about why, only said that he was cooperating, his retrial would proceed, and his testimony would be released, after appropriate editing for security concerns, to the public.

Harry stared at the chess board with displeasure. He knew many people who liked chess a great deal, but being best friends with Ron meant that he lost most of the games he played and had never really developed a taste for it. (He wished Ron could have visited, but since Mrs. Weasley still didn't want him in the same house as Lucretia, and Sirius was concerned about the Burrow being attacked if Harry went to Ron's house and made it a target, he had to wait a few weeks for anything more than letters.)"Knight, E5?" Harry said tentatively. His pieces groaned. His knight slid forward with an archaic but foul curse in his direction, and Draco promptly took it with a pawn."Shall I call playing winner, or just take over now and put you out of your misery?" asked Daphne. She was lying on the floor in the parlor surrounded by the disassembled pieces of a Wizarding Wireless, several pages of notes, and their Charms textbook."Do you want to?" said Harry with relief, getting up. One of his pieces suggested he should give the set to Daphne, too, and seeing the fleeting expression of desire on her face, he said, "--Honestly, do you want it?" Daphne had been quiet and terrified for most of break, with no news from Asteria and no clear way of knowing when that would become an emergency. Seeing her distracted enough to relax was a small relief."I can't take your chess set," said Daphne."I got it out of a Wizard cracker first year," Harry said. "And I'm terrible at chess - besides, if I tell Ron I don't have a set anymore he'll have to find someone else to play...""Don't you dare," Hermione said rapidly from the window seat, where she was curled up with a lengthy letter braced on the cover of a book. "Harry! The only other person he has to play in Gryffindor is me!""There used to be a chess club at Hogwarts," Daphne said, "I remember it was still around when Myrina started school. You should tell him to start it up again, it wouldn't be hard to find a staff sponsor for that kind of thing, and Dueling Club isn't running this year." Professor Selwyn had apologized when asked about this in class, but said she was not quite equipped to run a time-consuming and dangerous club and supervise the entire Defense curriculum."I'll tell him you said so when I send my letter tonight," Harry said. He checked his watch. "--Actually you'd better take over, Daphne, Dillena's going to be over for tea soon and I'm supposed to go, see you later - sorry, Draco.""I'll allow that you've arranged for a more worthy opponent," Draco said, haughtily lifting his chin to laughter as Harry went.He found his cousin waiting for him in one of Grimmauld Place's innumerable rooms. This one was painted with a rather disturbing border of bleeding, anatomically-accurate hearts with knives through them. The hearts, enchanted paintings, pulsed rhythmically and splattered out blood in time, which rippled across the white walls below the ceiling until vanishing an instant later, to be replaced by the next splash. Dillena was staring at the walls, transfixed, with eyebrows raised."We can probably find another room," Harry said, coming in. "--Sorry," he added when she jumped."Every so often I start to think what people say about the Blacks is ridiculous, and then..." Dillena shook her head. "No, it's fine, Harry. Honestly, the Potters weren't that much better.""I must be a disappointment," Harry said, sitting down.Dillena laughed. "Harry, you killed a basilisk with a sword when you were twelve. You're a much better Potter than I am. How is your holiday going?" she asked, as a tea tray appeared from the kitchens on the round table, complete with several baskets of different baked goods and a tray of cakes. (Dobby had asked Harry if he would be interested in his own elf when he moved to the Potter household. Although Harry had agreed at once that he would be willing to hire Dobby himself, Dobby seemed to feel he needed to win over Dillena, too.)"Pretty well, you've saved me from Draco flattening me at chess for the fourteenth time this week," Harry said. "How are you?""Very well, thank you," Dillena said, and hesitated. Harry knew from her expression she was about to bring up something related to his parents. Sure enough, she said, "We finally found what Mockridge did with the personal property at Godric's Hollow. There wasn't very much. I think he must have sold most of the valuables before signing the whole thing over to the Ministry at a token rent for use as a monument for ninety-nine years--""Is that how that happened?" asked Harry."Mm. A political favor to his brother-in-law, Fudge," Dillena said with a sneer. "Amelia's arranged for the contract to be reviewed and isn't contesting our challenge, but it will take a while to get through the court, anything to do with the Ministry has to go before a Wizengamot committee. Anyway, I have their wedding rings for you, your father's wand, the salvageable photographs. A few other small things. I wanted to ask, did you find Lily's wand in the trunk of her things the McKinnons had kept? It's missing from the property from the house."A queasy feeling rose in Harry's stomach and he shook his head. "There was no wand in the trunk," he said. "Or in the things Snape got - I think my aunt, I mean her sister, had some things she forwarded to him." A vision of Aunt Petunia coming across a wand in the box of otherwise very mundane looking composition books, textbooks and papers came to him. "--She might have snapped it or thrown it out, though," he said."What?" said Dillena.'"They don't like magic," Harry said wearily. He had nearly gotten to a point where he no longer had to discuss the Dursleys with anyone for any reason whatsoever, and had therefore almost forgotten that Dillena knew only a few indirect bits and pieces about his life before Sirius. "They're scared of it, and she might have thought it was dangerous. I'd say I could ask her but I'm not sure she'd answer... It's not important, is it?"Dillena bit her lip. "We don't need it if that's what you're saying, it's just a traditional memorial, if they're not buried with the user. I - you should have it, Harry, you have a right to it, that's all.""Right. Well, I hope it turns up," said Harry awkwardly, and fumbled for one of the baskets. "Scone?" he said, taking one himself.Dillena took one obligingly and took a bite. She closed her eyes as she chewed. "--Pear and cinnamon," she said. "I have to admit, Sirius's kitchens are exceptional lately.""I think these are Dobby's specialty," said Harry. "--I don't know if you heard, he's the elf I freed from Lucius Malfoy right after the basilisk." To his surprise, he found that from a distance of years, knowing that Lucius Malfoy was dead and Dobby was scheming ways to impress Dillena with his baking, the story was very nearly funny. Dillena laughed obligingly at his imitation of Lucius Malfoy's face when Harry threw him a slime-covered sock.By the time Dillena left, Harry had enjoyed himself, and for the first time after a meeting with his cousin he felt that he had not embarrassed himself with his ignorance or awkwardness. He was glad to feel like he was starting to become friends with his remaining cousin... Prompted by their conversation, he involuntarily pictured Dudley and Dillena meeting and had to strangle a horrified snort.He got up to go downstairs, thinking he would thank Dobby and tell him Dillena had appreciated his cooking. On his way downstairs, however, he stopped, hearing a faint and unidentifiable sound a floor up. Turning, trying to place it, it came again and he placed it: someone upstairs was crying.Worried now, Harry started climbing the stairs. The landing up from this level was normally an empty stopping point, and he had had a vague idea that the house had sealed off several doors, but had not known why. One of them must now have opened. Halfway up the flight he heard a door scraping open or shut above, and Aunt Andromeda exclaim, "Sirius! Is this where you--" She stopped talking abruptly.Harry seriously considered turning around and going back downstairs after all, but if Sirius had been crying, Harry did not want to leave him alone, no matter how embarrassed they both might be. He continued climbing, slowly. He could not make out Sirius's reply, but as he reached the landing he saw Aunt Andromeda's back in the doorway to a room he had never seen before, and he heard her say, "I had wondered, when Irma came to stay with us in November and the house opened her old rooms back up, but...""It's been like this since she got married," Sirius said hoarsely from within the room. "Reggie told me she'd left all her jewelry - he cornered me at school to ask if Father had--" Sirius laughed bitterly. "I found it like this, when I came back here. You know, my old room is preserved, too? Muggle models and motorbike posters and all, and all the Gryffindor hangings... It wasn't even the house, they left our rooms that way. Like any of us might come back at any time, and go back to living here..."Aunt Andromeda inhaled to reply, but then she turned her head and saw him, and said, "Harry's here, Sirius.""Let him in," Sirius said unsteadily, "He might as well see if he wants - she kidnapped him..."Aunt Andromeda turned, reluctantly, to let Harry look into Bellatrix Black's childhood bedroom.His first reaction was that it was certainly a child's room. There was a four poster bed with a lacy, frilly set of curtains, and all of the furniture had been painted white. There were flowers painted on the ceiling, and the desk, and he knew the common poisons from Herbology well enough to say that this was not the ironic commentary of the belladonna pattern Aunt Andromeda had embroidered on several sets of family linens as a teenager. When he looked closer, however, he saw the white circles were not a second type of flower mixed in, but skulls.Harry walked inside slowly, looking around at the vanity and its mountains of jewels, the open wardrobe with equally mountainous piles of silk and lace and brocades, the narrow, high windows. There was no bookcase. Instead, he approached the vanity, seeing photographs stuck in the corners of the mirror and to the wall around it.Most of the pictures were of school age girls, or Black family members he recognized: a teenage Bellatrix and child Narcissa giggled together on a love seat; a group of ten girls in Slytherin school uniforms posed in front of the lake; Aunt Cassiopeia with her veils drawn up over her head leaned down and kissed the forehead of a very young Bellatrix in a Hogwarts uniform with no House affiliation marked, presumably eleven years old. But some of the photographs were more recent, and he started when he came across one which showed the painfully beautiful Bellatrix of the first war, before Azkaban, with a younger and stringier version of Ulrike Selwyn, who carried a baby in one arm and a toddler on her other hip. As he watched, the toddler - Myrina, he thought, the Greengrass sister he had never met - made a grab for a handful of Bellatrix's thick black curls, very like the short ones that made a cap over her own head, and Bellatrix, laughing, disentangled her fingers.Harry turned away, feeling a mix of rage and nausea. Sirius, he saw, was seated on the bed, the canopy drawn back to allow it, with a bottle of Firewhiskey in his hand. Aunt Andromeda was watching Harry expressionlessly."I'd have thought she'd have redone her room at some point as an adult," Aunt Andromeda said to Sirius when she saw Harry move away from the vanity.Sirius laughed and took another drink from the bottle. "Why?" he said. "She wasn't allowed to grow up as long as I didn't - until she got married. Anyway, they liked her better like this." He made a vague, sweeping gesture at the canopy but misjudged it, tangled his hand in the lace and swore; Aunt Andromeda crossed to disentangle him before it ripped. "Especially her father. Especially my father. I looked through the jewelry when I got here, and she took the stuff I gave her, and Cissy, and even you and Granddad, but everything from Father is still here, all ten thousand galleons' worth... It's like its own dowry.""He didn't..." Aunt Andromeda pressed her lips together."I don't know," Sirius said. "She always insisted otherwise. But Bella insists on a lot of things." He laughed unsteadily."Have you been spending all the time you're not working here?" Aunt Andromeda said disapprovingly, but she pressed her palms to her thighs, and Harry saw that they were trembling.Sirius didn't seem to notice. "When the house shows me the doors," he said broodingly. "It usually doesn't..." His face snapped up then and he saw Harry. "Harry," he said. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry I'm a disaster."

"I nearly got you killed, letting her take my hair." Sirius laughed unsteadily. "Bella trusts Voldemort too much, and she loved my father too much, but all I do is the same thing with her.""You were promised to her the day you were born," Aunt Andromeda said, tiredly. "Nobody can blame you for this particular instance of being an idiot.""It's not your say if Harry's angry, Andy," Sirius said.Harry had no idea what to say. He took another step into the room, over to the desk, and opened a drawer."She cleaned out the important papers," Sirius was saying, "I looked before..."There was no correspondence, but there were supplies: parchment and paper in different weights and sizes in one drawer, another that held bottles of ink and fresh quills, a few pens with metal nibs, and a knife for trimming quill ends. A second drawer held drawing supplies: charcoal, pencils - the first pencils he could remember seeing in the Wizarding world, actually - and different kinds of pens, more colors of ink."Anything Rodolphus could buy replacements for, she left behind," Sirius said from the bed. Harry shut the drawer and straightened."I'm not angry with you for loving her," he said, although he had not known what to say when he started. He thought of the Bellatrix of his captivity - not the woman who had walked with Voldemort down to perform the ritual resurrecting him, but the Bellatrix who had spent hours talking to him simply because none of the other Death Eaters would follow her into his cell, who had been, most of the time, painfully and startlingly human. He had not thought much of his time in captivity, because he did not want to remember the crystallized conviction he was about to die, but it came back, now.

"I would want--" Harry stopped. "I don't know. I didn't - have anyone who cared about me, at the Dursleys, or anyone to care about. But I can't imagine that if I did, I'd want to just give up on them." The only comparison he could reach for was the fights between Ron and Hermione and Harry, and they were nothing like this. "She saved you," he said. "And I've met her, too, and..." A vision swam in front of his eyes of the terrible light in Bellatrix's eyes when she spoke of Voldemort, and of the Bellatrix who had written in the books she had given him. Harry had not really spoken of that to anyone. "I can see how I would have liked her, if she was someone else," Harry said, finally, though Neville and his parents crept into his mind. "None of us knew what was happening when she was at St. Mungo's - well, except Aunt Narcissa, and she didn't have any time to think either, did she? You're not any more at fault than the rest of us who were there.""I'm an adult, Harry," Sirius said, staring into the Firewhiskey label, "And I know more about magic. I should have realized she could use anything she took off of me...""The fact that my sister was still plotting to ingratiate herself to the man who put her in hospital before she could get out of that bed is not something a reasonable person would anticipate," Aunt Andromeda said.Sirius's thoughts had obviously continued wandering down an entirely different track. "You should have had someone, Harry," he said. "I'm sorry... I'm sorry I went after Peter when Hagrid said Dumbledore wanted to take you, instead of insisting on staying... I'm sorry I'm a drunk and a disaster and I'm sorry I have to do all this damned paperwork instead of being here for you..."Harry's face felt hot. He was not sure how to answer this. He sent a desperate look at Aunt Andromeda, who smiled thinly. "Are you going to apologize for making him deal with your apologies next, Sirius?" she said."Damn it." Sirius ran a hand over his hair and stood, unsteadily. "No, you're right, Andy. I should go shower," he said, and as if remembering with great effort, "How was Dillena, Harry?""Good," Harry said, off balance. "She wanted to talk to me about term, and tell me - they, er, found my parents' wedding rings, and James's wand. Mum's was missing, though.""Well, Lily was like that, always writing notes in code or hiding her things," Sirius said distractedly. "When we were seeing each other she showed me some of it, said that she and her sister used to break into each other's rooms and read each other's diaries before Hogwarts... Told me about how muggles can steam letters open and reseal them without a trace of magic... She probably was keeping her wand in a hollow bed rung or something. I'm off to shower," he said, to Harry's guilty relief, and went.Harry looked around the terrible childish room one more time and got up to follow, feeling invisible eyes on the back of his neck. But guilt and worry for Sirius ate at him when he tried to work on his holiday homework after. Finally he put down his reading for Charms and went to Sirius's bedroom.Harry had not seen Sirius's bedroom in Grimmauld Place much. He had moved into one of the master suites with Remus last spring, when the family had been relocated to the best protected property the Blacks had access to, but when Sirius was in his room he always seemed to be hiding. Harry knocked, tentatively, on the door, and there was a long silence before Remus answered. "Is there a problem, Harry?" he said."Er, I wanted to see Sirius, if it's -- all right," Harry said, not adding 'if he's not in the shower, or even more drunk by now.'"He's just getting dressed - Sirius!" Remus called over his shoulder, "Harry's here to see you!" Then he stepped back and allowed Harry inside.Because Grimmauld Place had been built to host an extended family, and potentially entire families of guests - just as it was now - it contained a number of entire apartments, or corridors full of bedrooms with a single bathroom and a sitting room and hearth that were partitioned off from the rest of the house. Just inside the door to Remus and Sirius's quarters was one of those small sitting rooms, this one filled with achingly familiar, mostly muggle-made furniture from Sirius's private house. (Harry wondered if they would ever go back there. It now seemed very possible that the war would stretch on past when Harry left school, in only a year and a half.) A short corridor let back to the bathroom and bedroom."Coming," called Sirius, and the bedroom door opened. Sirius's hair was wet around his shoulders, but he was wearing jeans and a T shirt, with a robe tossed casually over them. Harry had not seem him dressed this way in months, and realized with a start that Sirius must be dressing formally for the guests before leaving the private rooms. "I'm sorry about earlier, Harry," Sirius went on, going over to sit down. "I'm not at my best in this house... Should I call for coffee, or - Lord, what time is it?""It's all right," Harry said, and before Sirius protested, "I actually wanted to talk to you about... your cousin." Sirius and Remus exchanged a glance, and Harry said, "When she kidnapped me... Obviously we were sort of focused on the whole attempted murder and resurrection ritual thing...""Yes, rather," said Remus, sitting down on Sirius's other side. Sirius put an arm around Remus and bumped their shoulders together affectionately. Harry felt an odd sort of relief. He had barely seen Sirius and Remus together since moving to Grimmauld Place, and for all they had not actually been back together all that long, something had troubled him about it."But it was... weird," Harry said slowly. "Er, I mean... I was locked in a room at the Keep for a few weeks, and she... So, I didn't tell you about this, but there was a portrait there of a woman called Margery Lestrange," he said, and described the way the portrait had helped him, which was easier to talk about. Then before he could lose his nerve he said, "And Bellatrix - came in - sort of a lot. Not to torture me," he said, because Sirius had looked nervous. "I sort of got the impression she was trying to avoid the other Death Eaters... She said they didn't exactly want information from me anyway," he said, shrugging. "And I suppose she didn't want me panicking and trying to escape, but... She gave me some books, when I asked, and one of them was a copy of the Lord of the Rings. It had your handwriting in it," he said, looking at Sirius, "And hers."Sirius looked gutted. He closed his eyes and pressed the heels of his hands into them for a moment, then said, "Yeah, I remember those books. I... Did you want to ask something, or..."When Harry floundered, Remus cut in gently with, "Are you saying that Bellatrix Lestrange has read Lord of the Rings?""Yeah, she has," Sirius said, putting his hands down. "I once spent an entire boring wedding passing a copy of Fellowship with her arguing in notes about whether Tom Bombadil was related to Dumbledore. Before you ask, I have absolutely no idea what her real opinion of muggles is, but it's not like she hasn't killed loads of magical people, too. She's hardly shy of committing murder just because she thinks somebody's a person.""I wanted to say," said Harry, gathering his thoughts, "That I really do understand why you care about her. I can see how... She can be... cruel and terrifying." She had told him dying for the Dark Lord's resurrection was an honor. "But she isn't always, she can be - funny, and sympathetic, and I can see how if things were different - if she wasn't a Death Eater - I could have liked her.  You don't need to feel like you're an awful person for loving her," Harry said, gathering speed, "Or for wanting to help her. You made a mistake with the security concerns, that's all - and honestly, they probably could have gotten your hair another way.""I've told him so," Remus said. "Frankly, Bellatrix may have lied and told Harry it was then precisely to make him distrust you. The biggest mistake, if we want to call it that, was in removing Harry from Privet Drive to a house that was not so well magically protected, and we have all agreed that was the right decision. Right, Harry?""Definitely," said Harry. "Besides, Bellatrix got through the Boneses' protections, too. Maybe if I was still at Privet Drive when she got out of prison she'd have taken me there over the summer, and nobody would have known who did it or when.""Right," said Sirius heavily, and leaned over the table to hug Harry tightly. "You're - you're growing up to be a good man, Harry," he said hoarsely.

Sirius stayed shut in his rooms that night, but afterwards he was somewhat stiltedly cheerful and around much more often alongside Remus, attending breakfast with Harry most of the time and dinner with the family often. He also made more of an effort to clear his schedule in the afternoons and evenings, so he spent time trying to teach Harry to be a passable chess player, and a great deal more building ridiculous, elaborate Exploding Snap towers and teaching them all charms that would make the inevitable explosions turn colors, or send up sparks in the shapes of words.The Sunday before Christmas, Sotero's relatives arrived from France, and Sirius had them over for dinner to help Sotero welcome them back to Britain. The traditional Lestrange family residence, which apparently had been a castle, had been burnt to the ground by Aurors in frustration after it resisted attempts to search it after the Lestranges' arrests, which had helped Bellatrix give the impression her children had died later on. (Having heard this discussed, Harry could not help wondering if the desire to give this impression had played a role in the terrifying speech in the memory he had seen of her trial - although perhaps it was just that undying loyalty to Voldemort was the main thought dementors inspired in Bellatrix Lestrange.)The Lestranges were an odd group of people to Harry's eye. Aunt Myrtle, who had raised Sotero and Amaryllis, lost her husband and one son to Voldemort, and was Alexandre Lestrange's widowed mother, was an ancient witch ten years older than Aunt Cassiopeia and Irma Crabbe. Unlike Irma, her hair was still mostly dark, and unlike Aunt Cassie, her face was lined. Alexandre and his French-born wife Seraphine were around Aunt Druella's age, and Alexandre apparently remembered Aunt Druella from school, having been in her year along with his murdered twin brother. Their grandson Marc was in his twenties, so the only family member close to Harry's age was Sotero's younger sister, Amaryllis.Amaryllis would still be finishing at Beauxbatons, but had come to Britain with her family for until term began again. She had stood back, initially shy, during introductions, but when they sat down to dinner she maneuvered to Hermione's other side and said in accented but clear English, "I heard you were seeing my brother now!" There was an alarmed shuffle among the adults of both families, but Amaryllis went on, "I always wanted a sister, so if you like we can be sisters now. I think getting adopted at seventeen was awfully smart of you, you know - no one can make you go to embroidery lessons now.""You like that you had to have embroidery lessons," said Myrtle Lestrange with no particular rancor from the other end of the table. "I have had letters about your accomplishments. Most particularly when you snuck into your Defense professor's quarters while she was proctoring exams and stitched 'I am a bigoted bitch' across the front of all her teaching robes."The table howled. Amaryllis said with dignity "She was a bigoted bitch, she used to stand in front of the veela students' desks and talk about how all Beings should really be called Creatures and exterminated if they pose a threat to humans. I was simply practicing what she taught us about clear warning designations.""Oh, is that what she got the suspension for, fourth year?" Alexandre said, once he had controlled himself. "I wondered, Mother.""They were very unreasonable about it at the school," said Amaryllis. "I think Madam Maxime thought it was funny, really, but she agreed I had to be punished."Hermione at last managed to say, "I think I would like to have you as a sister very much, Amaryllis - is that what you go by?""We usually call her Marie," Sotero said, laughing. "I'm so glad you approve.""Instincts for vengeance like that, you should be," said Ghislaine Lestrange, Alexandre and Seraphine's daughter, and patted her appalled husband's hand. "Just think of what she'd do if she didn't like your wife. Thank you very much for having us, my lord Black, and I must say it's good to come home to Britain at last - even if we've mostly seen the inside of the Ministry international portkey reception office so far this visit.""Thank you all for coming," Sotero said, once Sirius had accepted the compliment. "I know that this is going to be difficult...""Everything in this family is difficult," said Myrtle. "Don't apologize for our idiocy, just make it worth it. Now, I know the castle was burnt, which properties have been appraised as intact enough to live in? And where's that Death Eater bitch Reinhard married living?"Sotero choked. "We can talk about handling Ino in private," said Alexandre, tiredly, and changed the subject.Most of the dinner was taken up by similar and fairly boring business discussions. The adults got through the merits and demerits of two still-standing houses before Amaryllis got bored and diverted the Hogwarts students into questions about N.E.W.T. coursework and the current professors and classes offered, since she would be attending next year.Near the end of dinner, Harry overheard Alexandre lean over to say to Aunt Druella, quietly, "By the way, I understand Lord Black is an ally of Minister Bones's. Have you heard anything about Rodolphus in custody?""A few things," Aunt Druella said very softly. "I know Sirius asked on Sotero's behalf, and Andy actually was allowed to speak to him briefly. He's not being mistreated if you're concerned.""I'm glad to hear it, but I wondered... The papers reported that he said his younger brother was dead?""Yes. He told the Ministry that the Dark Lord killed Rabastan," Aunt Dru said. Alexandre whistled low, and Aunt Dru went on, "Not because Rabastan discovered a principle - if you're not aware, he has none - but he's loyal in his own way, and there was apparently some sort of quarrel. Rodolphus said that Rabastan was defending Bellatrix, actually, but Andromeda wasn't told details - and believe me, she would have asked."Alexandre paused and said, "I heard that she and Bella were like me and..." He trailed off."Yes. I was terrified I'd lose them both after Andy ran away, but they both stabilized... Mind, I have some reason to suspect they were writing during the last war," Aunt Dru said, which Harry would have liked to know more about, but Alexandre changed the subject and he couldn't ask without revealing he had been eavesdropping.Sirius offered to put them all up for the night after dinner, but the Lestranges rapidly packed off instead to clean out the townhouse selected as the best candidate for a new family residence, although they did agree to take Aunt Druella along to evaluate the security enchantments' condition. Everyone else retreated to privacy, or settled in the drawing room. Hermione was anxious, and kept getting up to go and get things from her room, then returning empty-handed."I thought it went well?" Harry said to her, quietly. "They seemed to like you." The only exception was Ghislaine's husband, whose name Harry could not remember, but then he had been quiet and appalled by everything. In the course of the conversation, Harry had learned that there were hundreds of Lestranges in France, and about half of the time they married within the clan. While Seraphine and Ghislaine's husband had both been Lestranges on marriage they were very distant cousins, and most of the Lestrange clan in France was rather more ordinary than the British branch."No, they were - they were fine," Hermione said, smiling flatly at him. "I don't know, I think I was half-hoping they wouldn't be...""If you've changed your mind, you can tell him so, you know," said Daphne behind them, where she was in the middle of fixing a rip in the hem of her shift. "It's not unusual at this point...""I still want to - at least see how things go with him, I'm just scared to death," Hermione said briskly, and changing the subject, "How much of a problem is it likely to be that I can't sew?""At our social class it's more of a social occupation than a true need," said Aunt Narcissa, coming over to sit down next to them. "Women go to sewing circles and a lot of gossiping and network happens there, but it's increasingly rare that that's the only social outings a woman has. Bella also could not sew - she was raised with other skills in mind - so the Lestranges may conclude it a peculiarity of the Blacks. Daphne, don't tie off your knots like that, secure the end of your thread with the next stitch.""No one is going to see this except me," Daphne said grouchily. "Ugh. I wish I couldn't sew. Hermione, think you could Obliviate me?""It doesn't work like that," Aunt Andromeda said, and then frowned, turning her heads towards the front of the house. Her eyes had gone vaguely unfocused. She said, as if to herself, "Bella, Morgana, you're joking--"Someone pounded on the front door of the house."Is she attacking the house?" said Daphne, hand going to her wand, face white."No," said Andromeda, getting up. "Daphne, your sister's with her," she said, and went to the stairs.

Harry probably shouldn't have gone with Andromeda to check if Bellatrix was really out front, but he could not imagine hanging back. Hermione and Daphne too trailed after Andromeda, and Narcissa walked behind them, face set and hand on her wand."You can't just open the door," said Narcissa, when Andromeda's hand came to rest on the knob."Narcissa," Andromeda said, "Bellatrix and I are soul-tied, and she literally cannot hide her intentions from me, and besides which, the house won't let her in if she has ill intent. She might or might not be able to break that ward, but we'd certainly notice her trying.""What are her intentions?" said Daphne, but Andromeda didn't answer, only threw open the door.Harry had a moment to take in the two figures on the steps. Bellatrix looked exhausted. She was still healthier than when she had come to Sirius's house after fourth year, but there were circles under her eyes so dark they looked like bruises, and she was favoring one leg. Her hair was starting to unravel from its bun, and she was wearing - Harry blinked - what looked like a muggle jacket over a flimsy robe that could nearly pass for a muggle dress and definitely wasn't meant to be outdoor wear in December. The thin robe plainly revealed that Bellatrix was pregnant.Beside her was the slight figure of Asteria Greengrass, wearing blue robes against which her vivid hair was very bright. Harry took her in for only a moment before she flung herself over the threshold and into Daphne's arms."You're safe," said Daphne, catching her and clinging back frantically. "You're safe, oh god, Aster..."Asteria's words were muffled in Daphne's neck, but Harry could make out an indistinct, "You're here you're really here I'm really here.""What happened?" Narcissa said to Bellatrix, but it was Asteria who answered, extracting herself from Daphne's neck to say, "Daphne, Mum's dead.""What?" said Harry, Hermione and Narcissa together."Alecto Carrow killed her in a duel," said Bellatrix, voice hoarse. "And then I killed Alecto, and her brother Amycus, who was seconding her. Is Sirius here? I don't think we should have the rest of this conversation on the threshold."There was a ringing silence before Andromeda herded them all back from the threshold. Bellatrix stepped in deliberately, with the air of one testing a stove to see if it was hot, then shut the door behind herself to the murmuring of the portraits in the entrance hall."I see you've reconfigured the house," she said, looking up the double staircase."Nicer this way, isn't it?" said Narcissa."I don't know, Grimmauld Place being anything but a nightmare is almost an abomination unto nature..." Bellatrix said, but her voice trailed off, looking up the stairs.

He was pale. "Narcissa, what the hell?" he said, looking between Bellatrix and Harry himself."I let her in," said Andromeda, calmly, "You remember I can tell her intentions.""That's not exactly foolproof," said Bellatrix darkly, "You managed to hide your plans to elope from me.""Yes, by not going home from school for a year so you wouldn't see me," Andromeda said and shrugged. "What was I supposed to do, marry Macnair and take Draught of Living Death so he didn't need to kill me to have sex with my corpse?""I was going to murder him at the wedding!" said Bellatrix, "I had a plan!""Wait, what?" said Narcissa. Sirius put his hand to his face."If everyone is quite finished," said Druella, sticking her head out of the library. "I believe Bellatrix was about to explain what she is doing here. With Asteria. Hello, Asteria.""Hullo, Auntie Dru," said Asteria, sniffling and wiping at her eyes.Bellatrix took a deep, rattling breath, and staring into the alarmingly patterned carpet, said, "Well, I imagine you'll want to speak to Asteria about this, but when she arrived home... No, I need to go back. That incident on Halloween - Alecto and Amycus claimed Carya escaped the house with Irene in the fight." Daphne made a low, agonized sound, and Bellatrix's gaze rose to her. "Your mother and I didn't know they'd tried to recoup the disaster by trading her for you. Asteria told us when she got home for school last week. Ulrike immediately called Alecto and Amycus out--""That sounds like her," said Narcissa."-Yes. Well, I seconded her, when she asked, but Alecto won the duel and killed her," Bellatrix said, voice detached. "So I killed Alecto, and Amycus." Narcissa looked startled, but Bellatrix kept talking flatly, "There was a fight in the aftermath. Rabastan - lost his head - convinced the Dark Lord would kill me for it - he tried to block his way and the Dark Lord killed him. I told Lestrange to get the hell out of the house and he interpreted that - you know what he did. I could have walked out then alone, but I had to wait until I had a chance to take Aster with me, and that took a few days.""Why now?" said Narcissa.Bellatrix blew out a breath. "Cissy," she said tiredly, "Ulrike is dead. Rabastan is dead. Devana and Antiope have been dead for more than twenty-five years. You're here, Andy is here, Sirius is here, Lestrange went to the Ministry, my children are - not literally here, but nearby, and I need to ask Sotero what the hell he brought his sister back to Britain now for - but what is there to stay for anymore?""I imagine you'd have said the Dark Lord last month," said Aunt Druella.Bellatrix shrugged again, and put a hand on her stomach before she raised her gaze to her mother's, and said, "I wanted to live. I won't apologize for that.""And for the people you've killed?" said Sirius hoarsely.Bellatrix laughed contemptuously, gaze flicking around the room. "Cissy and Andromeda," she said, "Had helped kill about as many people as I have personally now by the time they came of age, just being brought on hunting trips, and you know you're the only family member who never cooperated with being taught to use human sacrifice in magic. Do you value magical lives so much higher?" She shook her head then. "No, I know, it's not like either of my sisters has done that in years, but... I'm tired, Sirius. And you notice I'm pregnant again."There was another stilted silence before Aunt Narcissa said, "Daphne - take your sister up to Mother so she can be checked for the Imperius Curse, please - Mother, would you...?" Then she glanced at Bella nervously, but Bella only nodded."Come on, my doves," Druella said, accepting this instruction and putting a hand on each Greengrass girl's shoulder.Sirius nodded, too, and descended the stairs slowly past them. When he came to the floor, Bellatrix went to her knees in front of him, bracing herself on the banister."Sirius," she said, hoarsely. "I need... I ask for sanctuary from the House. My lover... You know why. He wants my children dead, and I cannot trust him with the child not yet born."Sirius bit his lip. "You know," he said slowly, voice hoarse, "That I have loved you since I was old enough to understand the word, and I will always want you back. But you used that against me... you tried to kill my godson with it... and it isn't right for me to make that decision, this time.""No?" said Bellatrix. She had closed her eyes as Sirius spoke. She did not seem to have enough emotion left in her to be disappointed. "Whose, then?"Sirius hesitated, looking around the room, and said, "Tonks isn't here... But Hermione is another daughter of the house." And he took the ring with the Black crest from his finger and offered it to her, saying, "I authorize you as my proxy for twenty-four hours." Hermione nodded, eyes wide, and took the ring from him to place it on her own finger.For a moment, Bellatrix and Hermione only looked at each other. Bellatrix was still on her knees, and her black hair falling in a mass over her dark robes turned into her a shadow with a pale face. Hermione had stopped a few steps from the bottom of the stairs, and she towered over Bellatrix like a half-giant.Then Hermione turned to Sirius and said, "I'm sorry, we hadn't quite gotten this far. This allows me to act with all of your authority?""For the next day," said Sirius. "Try not to run mad with power. No, actually, this is you we're talking about, please, do run mad with power, you could use it."Hermione gave a ghost of a smile to him, then turned back to Bellatrix, face going cold. "I want you to swear an oath on the ring that you come in peace.""Of course," said Bellatrix, face equally blank, and extended her hand from her knees.  Hermione offered hers, and Bellatrix recited a short formula, and then kissed it. Harry could not feel any magical effect, but he supposed Hermione might only have wanted to see that Bellatrix would kiss her ring.Then Hermione said, "This isn't a conversation we should have here. The drawing room..." Then she seemed to gain confidence and said, "Kitchens, please send refreshments up." She eyed the people present. "Sirius, you're right that you... Could you go and get Aunt Cassie, please?""Ah," said Bellatrix as Sirius went, a sour edge in her voice. "Our mutual teacher. I hope you're a good replacement.""I'm not your replacement," said Hermione. "She still loves you.""Not enough to notify me she wasn't dead," said Bellatrix. "You received that honor. You must be spectacular." This was said with less rancor than a tired amusement. "Well. Shall we go, Acting Lord Black?""Please rise," said Hermione, and Bellatrix trailed her up the stairs to the drawing room door.Those of them still in the entrance hall exchanged looks."I'll tell you what's going on," said Andy, "Through Bella's mind, but right now I need to sit down. Jesus Christ.""Merlin," Narcissa muttered in agreement.Andromeda brought them into the parlor currently available opposite the drawing room (currently a room swathed in a horrifyingly unbroken array of eye-shaped decor), and they piled in, called for coffee from the kitchens, and listened. Andromeda summarized the arguments occurring in the drawing room, but did not repeat every word, and secondhand was a maddening way to get the information:Bellatrix was asking for sanctuary, offering information, names of Death Eaters. Hermione was asking about Voldemort's organizational structure. Bellatrix was answering her questions. Hermione was saying that they already knew most of the names. Hermione was asking about the political fallout of the brawl that had killed Ulrike Selwyn and Rabastan Lestrange... Cassiopeia had arrived. Cassiopeia was saying flatly that she would not allow Bellatrix to be killed, to Hermione's irritation...Finally Andromeda said, "Hermione's asked her to wait a few minutes," and they heard the drawing room door open."Sirius," said Hermione, looking at him and rubbing her face, "Look, I know we've got to accept. It would be - unutterably stupid to say, no, go away and go back to Voldemort, and I know we can't kill her once we've accepted hearing her plea, even aside from Aunt Cassie. But - do you think we could get Amelia here?""I can Floo her, she'll come for this," said Sirius immediately. "Do you have a plan?""I do," said Hermione, as though surprised, and then she repeated, "I think I do. Please Floo the Minister."Amelia arrived through the parlor Floo very rapidly, with a black formal robe thrown over floral pajama pants. She glanced down, sighed and charmed her pants plain black, then said, "So. Bellatrix is here.""Yes," said Hermione nervously. "She asked for sanctuary, and she's pregnant, but I was thinking--" She stopped."What were you thinking?" said Amelia encouragingly.Hermione took a deep breath and said, "If Bellatrix surrendered on behalf of the Death Eaters, and the war was declared over, how many of them do you think would actually keep fighting? Not very many, I think, especially with the upper ranks in conflict. Especially since I know the ICW has been threatening to treat the entire war as a Statute issue, and the Ministry has the power to strip titles and property from families without judicial review in that case."Amelia paused, then nodded, slowly, and said, "There's a thought. Let's put it to her."There was only a gap of a few minutes, during which Andromeda told them tersely Bellatrix was arguing she didn't have the authority and then that she was coming around, thinking it through.Then the door to the hall opened.Bellatrix paused on the threshold and said to Amelia beside her, "With a few people, but I think that his behavior over the last year... and if I do say I was motivated by concern that he returned from the grave incompletely... No, it shouldn't be a problem, though of course I can't stroll back into a general meeting without comment now.""Then I'll give you a few days to round up your people before talks begin," Amelia said. "Say, Christmas Day would be a traditional day for a truce?""I believe I can arrange that. Talks to be held - not here, that would never work.""I believe the Shafiqs may be amenable to host, as a truly neutral party and one without House festivities to handle that day. If not I will contact you to discuss a replacement?""Efficient. Yes, that will do," Bellatrix said. "I assume you want some guarantee.""You're familiar with the Ritual of the Temporary Peace?""I am. Can Miss - Black conduct?""If not we may call on your aunt." They both looked at Hermione, who nodded shakily and reached into her cloak to produce a knife.This ritual was short. The two women clasped right hands, and a short formula was exchanged in Latin, which Sirius translated under his breath for them as an agreement of the duration of peace. Hermione cut a line into the back of each of their hands, and they ran blood into a cup where it mingled before reciting the incantation together, each with a hand on the cup. The cup flared with fire, burning their mingled blood, and the oath was in effect."We are at peace for ten days," said Amelia, eyes steely."We are at peace for ten days," Bellatrix said and stood. She looked no healthier than at her arrival but some spark had come back into her face. She was vibrantly alive again - and in a less disturbing way than last spring. "If you will excuse me, Madam Bones, Miss Black, I must go and arrange things.

"The disadvantage, you know," Aunt Narcissa said irritably the next day, "Is that the full moon is Christmas Eve. This is a late one, and moonset isn't until seven in the morning tomorrow, which means the entire werewolf contingent is going to be absent from the start of negotiations." She, of course, would also be excluded, although Harry wasn't sure if Narcissa would have gone anyway."I'll speak to Amelia about it," Sirius said tiredly. "She may have been thinking the Wizengamot was less likely to panic if they weren't immediately confronted with the idea of pardoning Fenrir Greyback, but if the Being nationalist groups are excluded from the talks this will be pretty useless, and my understanding is that if the werewolves are excluded several other groups are likely to refuse to participate in solidarity.""She may also have only forgotten," Remus said wanly, "If she knew in the first place. No, Amelia is more tolerant than most, particularly since coming to know me as your partner and assist Frangipani, but that hardly translates to much awareness of our existence...""And I thought having to miss midnight mass this year on Christmas was going to bother me," Aunt Narcissa said crossly, got up, and stalked out of the room. Remus only sighed.There was an odd and unpleasant waiting air over the entire household the next day, entirely atypical for Christmas Eve. Presents had been wrapped and set out in the drawing room as usual - and Harry still felt a prickle of shock at the existence of any usual family event - but no one was really thinking about the holiday. As it turned out, Amelia contacted Bellatrix through an intermediary and the talks were set to begin late in the evening to give the werewolf leaders time to recover. Remus seemed displeased by this announcement, and muttered something about being damned either way when it came to Greyback before excusing himself to go and take his Wolfsbane.Christmas Day itself was subdued, with Sirius and the other politically involved adults putting in only a brief appearance at the mandatory festivities held for the tenants. This would be understood under the circumstances. Everyone else got up slowly, opening presents in fits in the drawing room. Remus, Aunt Narcissa and Frangipani, who continued to stay as a guest on full moons, filtered in slowly over the afternoon as they got out of bed and recovered.The Daily Prophet did not normally put out an issue on Christmas Day, but the situation with the armistice warranted an exception. An evening special edition was delivered just as Sirius, Aunt Andromeda and Hermione got dressed to leave for the Shafiq household. Sirius and Aunt Andromeda were representing the Blacks, while Hermione had to be present in order to conduct the magic of the truce rituals, since she had performed the first part.Hermione anxiously went back and forth between her bedroom and the placid Aunt Cassiopeia and amused Aunt Druella, asking for their approval and advice. When the Daily Prophet appeared she shot it a longing look. But Aunt Cassiopeia said, "Take your copy with you, dove. Providing magical facilitation at this sort of thing is never as exciting as you expect. Bring a book, too. Now go, and stop rearranging your hair. I promise you that when you appear as my official apprentice in public no one is looking at it, and anyway we have a certain reputation to maintain."Harry, who was being left behind along with most of the household, settled in to read the paper. The headlining article explaining the negotiations conveyed little new information. In fact, whoever had written it did not seem to know as much as Harry himself did. The only interesting information was the mix of quotations from other families. Augusta Longbottom was predictably - and understandably - outraged, but Neville's uncle, Bishop Niall Macmillan, had been quoted as expressing the hope that the bloodshed could be ended without further lives lost. Several other people whose names Harry did not know had also come down on one side or the other. The Prophet, probably hedging its bets with the outcome in the balance, made opinion seem mostly evenly split.The other headlining article had been anticipated for weeks: 'RODOLPHUS LESTRANGE TESTIMONY RELEASED IN FULL' it screamed, inaccurately, as Harry saw when he turned to page three as instructed. The testimony that had been released was long indeed, and along with coverage of the negotiations it filled up most of the special issue. But matters in Lestrange's testimony relating to specific murders and attacks during the war were not being released, as they were considered relevant to current negotiations and possibly prosecutions. The rest of the testimony had been edited and for reading by the general public:

...collected by your reporter, a witness to the testimony. Lestrange, having agreed to cooperate fully, did not give this testimony in the notorious Courtroom Ten, site of his last, botched trial in 1982. Neither was he chained and attended by dementors - a practice that has been criticized for damaging the recollections of both witnesses and suspects. Instead, he sat at a table in an obscure side office of MLE, chosen due to security concerns, where he spoke to Department Head Kingsley Shacklebolt. They were accompanied by two uniform Aurors and yours truly.

Lestrange was described as numb with horror by the reporter in attendance during his last trial, and if rumors about the interrogation tactics used by Crouch's MLE against the Lestranges are true, he may have had reason. But when I met him he did not seem a man either unrepentant or broken by his experiences. He spoke for hours on end every day I attended, broken only by occasional clarifications by Shacklebolt, or by sips of bare water from a jug on a side table. If he unburdened his soul with this testimony, he did not disclaim guilt. In fact, he often denied that he thought of himself as innocent in any sense. But he sought to further spread the burden of blame for countless murders and two civil wars, primarily among his own class of aristocrats, and uncover a conspiracy stretching back decades, with far broader roots than any public commentator has previously guessed. As for the matter of guilt and innocence, I submit that that is something only the court - and our readers for themselves - can judge based on his testimony. I now give you the words of Rodolphus Lestrange himself, with minimal editing and redaction for publication and security purposes.

In answer to the question of how he began his association with You-Know-Who:

That begins - I'm sorry, I don't mean to evade the question, but the story really begins with my late uncle Reinhard. He died in 1969 - he killed himself, actually. I'll get to that. Some thirty or so years before, he went to Hogwarts, of course, and he met a boy called Tom Riddle. Tom Marvolo Riddle, actually. If you write it down - may I have parchment to show you?

Lestrange wrote down the words TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE and then rearranged them to an astonishing anagram: I AM LORD VOLDEMORT.

So you see who Tom Riddle was. No, Riddle isn't a pureblood name, it was his father's name. I believe he was a halfblood. He claimed some relation to the Gaunts early on, nonspecifically, but I don't know - I was never one of his closer followers, Bella would probably know more about this. At any rate, I don't know that many alive know the details, but my uncle became one of Tom Riddle's close friends, part of a circle of students who were interested in unraveling the secrets of magic and of death. They began to experiment with magic, high ritual, death magic, but something went wrong.I don't know the details. My uncle never liked to talk about it. He told me a girl died, a very young girl - I looked at the school records myself and found one death with no cause attributed to it, a Myrtle Warren who was - of muggle descent. She was twelve. At any rate, Tom Riddle bound his circle of friends closer to him with the death, because they had all been responsible, you see - they had participated in murder. I suppose they felt they couldn't go back. Yes, I would know about that, thank you, Mr. Williamson.Anyway, they graduated in stages after that. I had been born by then but I was still quite young. Riddle graduated in 1945, my uncle two years earlier than him - I looked this up, as I said - and I was born in 1942. My understanding is that Tom Riddle left Britain and vanished for some number of years. God only knows what he was doing. Research, I suppose. Killing people, very likely. But he returned  in the fifties. At this time my father had inherited. I originally - well, you know what my father did, Pollux Black arrested him for it and destroyed his own Ministry career trying to get a conviction.

Readers may be unaware that Gaidic Lestrange stood accused of murdering several family members and attempting to murder a dozen more who fled the country in the wake of his parents' deaths in the tragic Wizengamot riot of 1955. Apparently the conflict began when his cousin Mr. Seginus Lestrange challenged him to a duel over the headship with the support of most of the family. He was taken into custody for a week, but no confession or evidence was found, and he later accused then-head of Magical Law Enforcement Pollux Black of mistreatment of a ranking peer. Pollux Black resigned his post under pressure within six months. In a twist, the late Gaidic Lestrange's son would marry Pollux Black's granddaughter Bellatrix Black.

Anyway, I always had the impression what he did, he did for the Dark Lord - I'm sorry, I'm used to calling him that. For Riddle. But I found out eventually that that wasn't the case, Riddle only got involved later. Uncle Reinhard introduced them, I think hoping Riddle would keep a leash on Gaidic in the wake of all of those murders, but Riddle had a preference for people as sadistic as himself and Gaidic was more useful - more brutal and the Lord of the House as well. Riddle offered him help enforcing an unpopular lordship on the family and the House residents, and a chance to exercise his true interests, and my father accepted with enthusiasm. Riddle did promise to keep him off of his own family but Riddle rarely kept his promises. Excuse me.By now it was the late fifties and I was a teenager. I need to backtrack, I apologize. I had a sister. Her birth wasn't reported, you know the Lestranges historically followed the custom of refraining from reporting the existence of children until they displayed magic. Her name was Regina. They - she was killed when she was five; they assumed... It was my aunt, Uncle Reinhard's wife Ino Greengrass who did it. I didn't know that until she actually had the gall to write an article about... She was smart enough to wait until we were in Azkaban, but unfortunately Bella was still getting illegal journals sent to her by correspondents. Bella did tell me not to read the thing but unfortunately self-preservation has never been a talent of mine. Yes, I am telling you Ino Greengrass murdered my five year old sister, vivisected her and wrote an article about the research notes. No, I can't do that from prison but I have confidence that Aunt Myrtle raised my son with appropriate values and the Lestranges have never taken execution off the law books.

Readers will be aware the application of the term 'murder' to squib children is particularly controversial in the Wizengamot class, although the 1945 bill clarifying the prosecution of crimes against muggles theoretically should remove the ambiguity. It would not be unknown in the Lestrange Honor Court, but the last prosecution for the death of a squib was in the seventeenth century not long after its establishment as an independent body under the modern Wizengamot institution. The prosecution appears to have been motivated by the family's notoriously conservative Catholicism.

No, they didn't tell me about it, of course. Regina was three years younger than me, so I was eight when she died. And of course I was a child Legilimens. Regretting interrogating me in person now, Mr. Shacklebolt? I couldn't access full memories or active thought at that age, but I could tell truth from lies. I knew they had killed her. I didn't know details, but it was enough. The other Lestrange child I need to tell you about is my cousin Ulysse. He was my uncle Reinhard and Ino's son. He was born the same year as me - yes, you can anticipate me. The Lestranges are infamously inbred, of course, I'm sure Ulysse and I were just as closely related as siblings in the normal course of things, and we had both inherited the family Legilimency, and we were born the same year in the same household, so we were soul-grafted at once.When I was thirteen, not all that long after my father killed half the family, my uncle introduced me to Riddle, under the name Lord Voldemort. It was obviously a pseudonym, yes, but it's not that fanciful for Dark Lords, which I was told he was. I had always been interested in magic theory, so I was curious enough to talk to him about magic. Well, to be quite frank, he soon repulsed me. He reminded me of my father and they were, of course, friends, which said nothing good about him to me. I wondered at Uncle Reinhard's poor taste in friends but said nothing because I didn't want to offend him.That was when they started talking to us about service and fealty. Uncle Reinhard phrased it as - a source of alternate and higher loyalty, something that could exempt me to an extent from my father's authority. I could see his point but I was unconvinced Riddle was much better. He had talked to me about his projects, before he realized I was disgusted, and I got an idea of what kind of things he was interested in - only a general idea, I'm afraid, human sacrifice, mutilation of the soul, and so on. Ulysse and I... Well, we were told initiation was at sixteen and it was quite plain we weren't going to be allowed to refuse to attend. Father was clear about that, which struck me as sort of odd with what Uncle Reinhard said, and because he had always been possessive, but I realized later that Riddle insisted he bind his heir to him as well or his service was useless.Anyway, we agreed we would refuse in public. We had some idea that that would make it harder... I mean, you would also know how fealty traditionally works. You can negotiate it as a concession but you can't actually coerce it, right? Well, unfortunately that spell work he uses is not actually fealty spell work, it's based off of a slave brand. Yes, I'm sure - Bella looked into it some years later, I convinced her to at least research the thing before letting him brand her, not that it changed her mind. Anyway. Ulysse went first - coincidence, he happened to be standing in front. He refused as we had planned and he was killed.No, it wasn't Riddle, but Riddle was present. A disaster, of course, I think Riddle actually punished the master of ceremonies for it - yes, it was an insult to publicly refuse, but with the Lestrange children? He wanted to take time and try to change our minds before killing us outright, although I'm sure he would have eventually. I was in shock. I submitted after that. I should have just told them to kill me too, in retrospect, and at least died with my hands clean, but when you're sixteen years old it's quite a thing to accept your imminent death. I realized my mistake later and attempted suicide, of course, but I hadn't been allowed out of the castle all summer so of course it noticed. Our family residence was always regarded as particularly intelligent before Crouch's thugs went and torched it. It summoned someone before I could bleed out. Pity the thing was attached to us all. And so that was how I began my service as a Death Eater. Ignominy, yes, that's a good word. Impius cum in profundum venerit peccatorum contemnit sed sequitur eum ignominia et obprobrium.

Proverbs 18:3. In modern English: When a wicked man comes, contempt also comes, and with dishonor comes scorn.

Harry straightened. He had been clenching his jaw in disgusted fury as he read on, and his temple throbbed. He rubbed his forehead beneath his glasses and skimmed the next section, which discussed the actual organization of the Death Eaters. His eyes caught on a paragraph near the end, under a section titled, In answer to questions about the use of coercion among You-Know-Who's followers:...so no, I don't know if force is the word at least as it's been used in the past. The Imperius Curse was certainly used against individual informants, but nobody in the Death Eater cult itself or bearing the mark would have been under it. I can't tell you anyone else in particular was blackmailed like I was, but I doubt I was the only one, it wasn't as if it was safe to go around explaining that you hated service and would cheerfully spit on the Dark Lord's corpse to fellow Death Eaters. What I'm getting at, I'm sorry, is that in a way it doesn't matter. I mean, in terms of guilt and innocence, I suppose, but I certainly don't think of myself as innocent. Anybody who was vulnerable to that sort of coercion would remain vulnerable and shouldn't be trusted with power. Yes, I do include myself in that. It isn't as if I'd describe my record as good, you know.Or rather... Let me put it this way. I don't think Riddle used more coercion than any legitimate House Lord routinely does. Our society involves a tremendous amount of coercion. Most of us do not choose our spouses, our occupations, we don't choose what we eat or wear or who we have relations with, we obey our parents in all things. If that was not true - if so many young people not so much like me, but like my uncle, like Bella, or others - were not desperate for a strong man who could tell their parents or their lords they were reserved for a higher purpose, if they were not raised in total isolation from the outside world and to hate and fear what they could not understand or control, and if it was not widely considered the right of those with high rank to torture their subordinates into submission and kill anyone they are powerful enough to, none of this could have happened.Riddle took advantage of a disease in our society. He did not originate it. Killing him, banishing him, that cannot possibly fix the problem, and when the Ministry pretended it had in 1981 it allowed the disease to spread unchecked among a brutalized and weakened populace. Riddle was once tremendously magically powerful and intelligent but I don't think he even came up with the political parts of the plan, those details have always had Abraxas Malfoy all over them. It doesn't surprise me that with Abraxas dead he's straying from them now.Well, I remain a prisoner, so I don't think it's mine to say how to fix the problem. Yes, well, Mr. Shacklebolt, you could say I've had a lot of time to dwell on my mistakes in recent years. Most of my worst memories concern them.Harry put the paper down. His head was swimming and he did not know what to think. Terrible phrases leapt out in his memory - vivisected, sixteen years old, I certainly don't think of myself as innocent... He wished he could have asked Sirius to talk to him, but of course Sirius was at the peace talks.

The talks between Amelia's Ministry and the Death Eaters represented by Bellatrix stretched on after Christmas, beginning in the late morning and regularly  ending after midnight. The participants returned home exhausted, Hermione included, and gave short answers to questions. In the papers and in letters and Floo calls, rumor ran wild: the dementors would all be hurled into the sun with a special ritual, the Death Eaters commanders had agreed to commit suicide, muggleborns were going to be registered as a concession to the Death Eaters. (Harry doubted this one on the basis that Hermione had come home without being arrested for murdering anyone herself, and she confirmed it was absurdity when Daphne dubiously asked.) Arguments erupted in Grimmauld Place and in the papers. Some people were hopeful, others furious. Tonks in particular was barely seen out of her and Evelyn's rooms, according to Evelyn because she knew the war ending - even through a truce - was for the better, but could not bring herself to act like it.On Friday the talks ended early. Aunt Cassiopeia had pushed Sirius to insist that his ward's religious observances be respected, so they were breaking for two days. This was not really because of Hermione, who didn't observe anything like a day of rest on Saturdays anyway. Sirius commented that they weren't going to get anywhere unless both faction had a chance to regroup and test what their own people would tolerate, but since Hermione's role as facilitator of the ritual truce meant the talks could not be conducted without her physical presence, she would do well enough as a reason everyone could tolerate.Dillena arrived that Saturday to speak with Harry about her role in the talks as representative of the Potters - something he hadn't actually realized she was doing. She was dressed more formally than he had ever before seen her. Instead of a robe or cape thrown over her work clothing, she had arrived in formal dress robes in burgundy brocade, with a pattern of gold suns as big as her spread hand repeated throughout the fabric. She was wearing matching gold slippers, and her wild black hair had been mostly tamed into a long braid. A gold band around her temples did extra work keeping the escaping strands from her face, and large gold earrings dangled from her ears.She did not seem terribly surprised when Harry was startled by her presence, only resigned. "I know," she said. "Go and get dressed, it's inappropriate for me to consult with you about my role as your representative in the house of our rivals. We're going out for lunch, I cleared it with Sirius.""Do I have to dress like, er..." Harry looked at her robes with trepidation.Dillena finally cracked a smile at this. "No, just wear something at least as formal as your school robes without actually being school robes. And I know there's no use trying to brush your hair, but clean your glasses."Harry came back to the entry way a few minutes later, having pulled on a set of blue dress robes and a pair of stiff black boots that were more innocuous magical footwear than his trainers. Dillena nodded and offered her hand to Apparate them. They arrived in a coffeehouse Harry recognized, with surprise, as the place Aunt Narcissa had once taken him to practice etiquette before he went to tea at the Boneses' house - where, he remembered with regret, he had met the murdered Angharad Abbott, Hannah's mother, for the only time. He wondered suddenly if anyone else he had met that day had since died. He had started to lose track of the deaths reported in the paper.The coffeehouse had been crowded on that day, before the war began, but now its patrons were rather sparse and there was an air of hush over the scene. Dillena took Harry to a table in a defensible corner and indicated he should sit further from the entrance. When they sat down, she tapped the table twice, then explained, "This activates the privacy enchantments, so no one can eavesdrop. They're common in a certain class of establishment. It's why the room is so quiet - people use them more often, lately. The kitchens can hear our orders, but only if you're touching the menu with both hands. So don't play with it when you're done.""Thanks," Harry said, feeling off balance. On the whole he liked Dillena and her bluntness better than Aunt Narcissa, but it could sometimes be rather off putting. "Er..." He picked up his menu, saw Dillena hiding a smile, and felt reassured as he ordered sandwiches. A few minutes later, Dillena, starting on her soup, said, "So. These talks. You know I'm representing the House of Potter in them. There are two components to that - the Wizengamot has to approve whatever truce is agreed to, so I have that vote, and I'm also one of the parties to the dispute, as our head, his wife, the previous head and his wife, a number of other family members and many of our dependents were murdered by the Death Eaters. In addition to that, our economic production was damaged severely - I have an itemized list of the buildings, crops and property burnt or otherwise destroyed and estimates of the loss in income, but I imagine the details would go over your head at this point. I can send you copies if you'd like later.""That's all right, I trust you with them," said Harry, who was well aware he could only have asked Sirius or Hermione to explain the numbers to him anyway. He would have to learn to handle this sort of thing when he had graduated, at least well enough to tell if anyone he hired to look after the books was cheating him, but learning would be its own full time job."Thank you. I will be honest, I'm here more in my second capacity. While I welcome your opinions if you have them, I think I will do a better job judging what might sincerely end the war without devastating political consequences than you. Do you have opinions?""I don't want the dementors back," said Harry firmly at once, then wracked his mind for anything else. "Obviously we shouldn't give into the Death Eaters and start prosecuting muggleborns...""I thought as much, and I do agree about both," Dillena said. "There are certain political concessions that would be more neutral or even somewhat desirable - I know you're in favor of greater rights for werewolves and veela...?""Of course," said Harry, startled and indignant.Dillena nodded. "Your father was, too, particularly werewolves, it's an established Potter position anyway. I don't know what will end up in the final version, but we're tossing around modifications to legal wand restrictions now as a palatable concession. Anything else?"Harry shook his head, then said, reluctantly, "I don't know what I want done instead, but... I don't want any solution that involves killing loads more people. I'm not saying... It's not like I'm planning on leaving Voldemort alive, but deciding we can't use the dementors anymore so we should just round up all the Death Eaters and kill them instead seems like moving in the wrong direction."Dillena nodded, and he could not tell what she thought. "All right, I'll keep that in mind. So, the other point. I gather you're entirely new to this subject, so I have prepared some points to explain to you first.""Okay," said Harry, picking up a sandwich."I spoke to Professor Rhoeo Weasley a bit about her remedial History curriculum, so I know you've been taught - belatedly - about the formation of the modern Wizengamot at the time of the Statute of Secrecy. I understand she couldn't get much into the premodern role, though, so I'll tell you. The Wizengamot - like its muggle counterparts, actually - used to be a sort of temporary conclave called in times of crisis under the auspices of the community leaders of the day among Wizards. Sometimes those were outside threats or natural disasters, or points of agreement on magical developments, like the agreement to ban spells using human sacrifice in Europe. But a very large amount of the Wizengamot's business has always concerned itself with settling feuds."Now, blood feuds have been out of fashion among muggles for many centuries and many of the major magical feuds of the last few decades have been absorbed by the war itself, so your generation is probably about as ignorant about the procedures and problems as any has ever been. That's not a bad thing. Honestly, I wish they would stay unfashionable, but they won't. Essentially a blood feud works by the principle of repayment in kind. If I lose my temper and kill a member of the Rosier family because he insults me, they will want to kill a member of the Potter family - me, ideally, but any Potter will do in a pinch - in retaliation. Then we will have a need to repay them in kind, and everything spirals out of control, especially as people do tend to escalate these things. Being a reasonably intelligent young man you are probably thinking something like, 'We could always not kill people,' but in order for that to work everyone has to abide by it and they usually don't.""Would you really lose your temper and kill someone?" Harry said."No," Dillena said. "But it doesn't have to be that. Say that instead, I had gotten very drunk and fumbled a simple charm and accidentally caused someone's cloak to strangle him, and his family refused to accept that it was an accident, or I couldn't afford the wergild to cover the death. Or I had found out he was beating my sister and went to help her move, and he attacked us and I killed him in self-defense. Any number of things might set off a feud.""That sort of makes sense," Harry said, hitting upon something that had confused him repeatedly. "But - I still don't understand wergild. Sirius mentioned it to me before, but isn't that just... bribing someone not to be upset about murder?""I'm getting there," Dillena said. "Now, feuding causes a lot of problems. In my hypothetical example, obviously the Rosiers and the Potters are losing a lot of people to violence. Our tenants' lives are being disrupted - we're wasting money and labor on this, the fights are probably happening on their land. Other people may be killed or injured in the crossfire and their families dragged in. Public property may be destroyed. What I am getting at is the fact that this is a problem for society. It's a waste of time, money, energy, and life.""So, we could always not kill people," Harry repeated.Dillena laughed. "Yes. But in order to stop the Potters and the Rosiers in this example, every member of the Potter and Rosier family has to be persuaded or prevented from continuing the feud. If the feud has gone on a long time, we may also have to persuade the Longbottoms, say, and the Blacks, and the Carrows, and the MacDougals from continuing their own grievances attached to the original feud. Imagine, then, that the scenario I suggested earlier happened - someone was beating my hypothetical sister, I killed him in self-defense, and then his father came upon me in the street with three assistants and killed me. You are left the Head of the Potter family, and the Wizengamot has been called to negotiate a truce to end the feud. What would satisfy you that the issue was over? I flatter myself by imagining you would be grieving, and angry.""Of course I'd care that you died!" Harry said, and then tried to think about the question. "I mean - I'd want the people who killed you to go to prison, I guess." He thought about Azkaban. "Or... I don't know. I'd want to know they were - sorry, that they weren't going to go around attacking us or killing people for helping their relatives, and that they'd paid for it."Dillena nodded. "A vital part of understanding this process is the fact that it began before there were prisons, at least of any size. You might execute a murderer or banish them, but his family would be angry in turn, and there were not so many people to go around. There still aren't. And since kin are involved, it would often come to executing dozens at once - unpalatable, to say the least. Feuding and peacemaking, therefore, both developed out of an appreciation for the value of human life, if you can imagine it."Harry tried to wrap his head around this. "You mean - the life of the murderer and the life of the victim.""Yes. Compensation is given in recognition of the value of the lives of the dead - the original victim and all the others claimed by it, as well as material damage. It recognizes their worth as people in a... neutral way unrelated to their part in the conflict, and since the amounts involved are significant, pain is traditionally inflicted on the killers, who may be forced to liquidate property to pay. In theory. Compensation also often is allowed only under particular circumstances or in addition to other punishments."But not all compensation or negotiation is monetary in that particular way. Particularly when fights begin over particular causes like disputed land ownership, sometimes property is transferred. Marriage agreements go in and out of fashion, as does hostage taking--""What?" said Harry.Dillena smiled thinly. "The idea behind both is sort of similar. If you have a child of the house in the enemy's you're less likely to burn it to the ground, you want their family to prosper and keep your relatives safe. Of course, marriage also ties the two families into bonds of greater obligation, while hostage taking - traditionally of children - makes one family responsible for educating the other's heir. In rare cases, courts have also ordered the permanent adoption of junior family members, sometimes by blood adoption, which was outlawed by the Ministry fairly recently and is still treated as legal by most House courts. That's more common when one family is particularly devastated, to the point where its survival is uncertain, and it's always been rare." She hesitated. "It may be brought up in our case.""You mean, someone might suggest we... what, adopt one of the Death Eaters' family members?""A child, most likely," Dillena agreed. "For example, now that Sotero Lestrange has brought his family back, his sister could be considered a prime candidate for adoption, as she's a minor, has political sympathies in our direction, and is a child of two high ranked enemy commanders. If the dispute was regarded as equally our fault the Wizengamot might propose you marry her - no, I wouldn't have agreed to that anyway, but I am trying to explain the principles.""I know," Harry said, and took a bite to give himself time to think. "I'm... not sure I'd want that. I mean, I'm really not ready to have children. Especially not someone who'd basically be kidnapped.""It might benefit them, too, you know," Dillena pointed out. "Oh, not Amaryllis, the Lestranges are fantastically wealthy - although on the other hand Potter women tend to have more education and more choices - but if you had agreed to adopt, say, Asteria Greengrass as compensation for her mother's actions against you before Ulrike Selwyn's death, realistically she would be both safer and better off.""Then why would it even count as a punishment?" Harry asked."It isn't a punishment for Asteria, but for her parents. The blood adoptions used would strip her father's genetics - or I suppose we might use her mother as the parent replaced in this case - from her children, and her name from her, and she would be in theory subject to your authority. At least once, all children of a family were adopted and the name was rendered extinct that way. I don't think we're likely to see that happen here, but it's possible.""...Right," Harry said. "So we're likely to get - money, or property, or actual people from Death Eater families who are responsible for killing Potters? f you do - adopt a child for me or something, someone else would be able to actually raise it, right?" Harry said. "I mean, Asteria wouldn't be that bad, she's at least old enough she could just stay with us over breaks, but..."Dillena half-smiled. "I would keep your age in mind and arrange alternate care, yes. The main reason I think this might come up is that it isn't just a matter of what we find satisfying.""There are - our people, you mean," said Harry, for whom this was still a very abstract idea."Yes, that's a big part of it. I'm so tired because I've had to come back every night and field questions to stop a riot from breaking out," Dillena said, and broke into a yawn as if reminded of her exhaustion by discussing it. "--But we're also a symbol of the war to everyone else, you know--"Harry knew."--And if, say, the Longbottoms or the Scrimgeours don't feel like our wrongs have been righted they may refuse to let their own be settled. And by the same token whatever we do will be seen as an example.""That makes sense," said Harry. "I mean, I could talk to Sirius about it first if you want me to have an opinion..."Dillena visibly hesitated, and took a sip of her own soup, as if stalling."What's wrong?" Harry said."It's nothing, really. I'm grateful to have been able to have this much influence," she said, carefully. "Over what?" Harry said, confused, then asked, "You mean me?""Yes. Look, this is in a way a part of what I've been saying," Dillena said, brows furrowed as though thinking hard. "When you become responsible for educating a child of another House, your own culture is pressed upon them - no, I know you're not indefinitely mold-able like clay, but you've learned the methods of the Black House for dealing with people, for dealing with magic, even the traces of religion he's managed to teach you are all from his perspective. And... I think Sirius Black is a good man, and he's the man your parents chose to raise you anyway, and he would have been infinitely better than your mother's horrid estranged sister. But he is not a Potter, he only knows our ways from when he came to live with your father for a year before he came of age, and he can't teach you what he doesn't know. And I admit it has been bothering me again, seeing him negotiate his cousin's peace while claiming your custody."This was easily the most emotional speech Harry had ever heard from Dillena. Even when she had addressed the Potter household heads in front of him, it had been a practiced speech, not a spontaneous expression of distress. He hesitated, uncertain how to respond, but while he was thinking she shook her head and sighed."I'm sorry, I probably shouldn't have said that. You love Sirius - you should love Sirius - and I know he is doing his best by you.""I don't... think he's wrong, to do what he is with Bellatrix," Harry said."That's just what I mean," Dillena said, and took up her soup spoon. "Enough of this. Tell me how your classes went this term? I haven't had time to ask much." When the talks resumed, Harry had good reason to be grateful for Dillena's explanation, because Dumbledore and Sirius had told Amelia about the DA, and as a result Harry was called in as a faction leader and party to the dispute as the DA leader.This created a number of immense complications. "Look," he said when Hermione had finished explaining as the technical facilitator of the talks, "The DA makes decisions by voting. I can't just decide what's enough for everybody else, they won't accept it.""Well, we have two days," said Bellatrix, dryly, "So I hope you're pretty persuasive.""I'm another DA officer," said Hermione. "Is that going to be a problem for me as the conductor of the ritual?""It's not unusual historically," Amelia said. "Harry, if you can call a meeting, as soon as possible, please do. We can provide space for it and transportation if the Blacks can't. Just get your people together."They couldn't get every member of the DA to meet in person, but mirror calls and directions sent to Jason Cauldwell's parents to the nearest public Floo brought the officers, and Cassiopeia cast a spell that instantaneously transported copies of a letter explaining the situation to the member roster. Therefore, late on Monday night, Harry and Hermione stood at the head of a meeting that contained about three quarters of the DA while Hermione explained how the truce itself worked."We can't trust them!" someone called from the back rows. Someone else called "Hear, hear!" and there was a storm of chatter until Hermione called them to order again, rolling her eyes."Look," Harry said, once he was able to talk, "I don't trust them either. But the whole point of the ritual is that we don't have to trust them, at least, anybody who agrees to the terms - Hermione, can you explain it?" There had been an explanation of the truce ritual in the papers, but in keeping with the Ministry's usual views on secrecy, it had been expunged of a large amount of detail, particularly as the entire thing was technically highly illegal."Right," Hermione said, standing again and brushing the skirt of her robes nervously. "The important part is that the Death Eaters are surrendering and we're negotiating the terms, but they're the ones who have to make most of the concessions in exchange for our major concession of leniency. The ritual is actually two parts, the first is the ceasefire we already cast and the second is the lasting peace... Er, I'm going to explain this to you but don't go talking about it in the corridors because this is all highly proscribed Dark Arts and it's technically illegal just to know about it if you're not licensed, which most of you aren't.""If anyone wants to leave now, you can, but you have to trust the rest of us to vote if you do, and either way this is bound by the DA contract," Harry called. There was some muttering and shifting, but nobody actually left the room."The lasting peace rite is the one I'll talk about here because it's the important one," Hermione said. "The peace is written down in contract form, then blood is taken from each combatant - just a few drops - and added to the contract, and more blood is drawn from the faction leaders and added to a potion. It's used in a rite that ties the combatants to their leaders - it's the leader they think of as theirs, by the way, so people can't swear in to the wrong side. If any combatant breaks the terms of the peace, a curse is inflicted on their faction's leader which will lead to certain death in a specified amount of time, unless the wronged parties are satisfied that new terms have been agreed upon and a counter rite is cast to reset the peace. That requires the original caster's consent.""Who's the original caster?" someone asked."Me, actually," Hermione said, lifting her chin to muttering. "So you can all be assured I'm not going to agree to anything involving, I don't know, Walden Macnair getting off with a slap on a wrist for killing people--""This time," said someone."This time," Hermione agreed. "The point is that if the Death Eaters bound by the treaty are going around killing people anyway, or preparing to kill people, or so much as accepting Ministry positions, we'll know, because Bellatrix Lestrange will instantly be cursed with death. And then the curse just transfers to the next person in the chain of command, until there's no one left. If we can get the truce in place.""There's no way out?" Susan Bones said skeptically.Hermione hesitated, and took a deep breath before saying, "Technically there is but we'd still know, because you can pull out of the rite after it's cast, but it requires a willing human sacrifice of the leader who agreed to the truce. So as long as Bellatrix Lestrange is alive, we know the Death Eaters haven't broken the treaty. Does that answer your questions?"Harry got up again when no questions were forthcoming. "Then," he said, "If we agree that the surrender is theoretically a good thing," he paused, but no objections came, "We need to come up with our disputes and demands. Does anyone here feel equipped to explain how feuding and wergild work in the traditional Wizarding world? Because I don't think I am."Susan Bones got up and gave a very similar explanation to Dillena's, although she focused more on recent events, and included examples of people being forced to perform services or subjected to legal orders as part of a dispute. "So," she said, not looking in Demelza's direction, "We can theoretically demand certain students be expelled or at least not allowed to come back to Hogwarts and I think we should. Draco, did Lord Black settle the issue over you being attacked himself, or is that ours?""Technically both factions can make demands according to a single incident," said Hermione."I think we should ask for wergild for Linda," said Harry, startling himself. "Or - something. I know her parents aren't involved, I don't know who would even take it, but...""We can have some of it spent on her grave, and a portion's always paid to either the House Court or the Ministry," Susan said. "I don't know how we feel about that...""Could it be - given to the Ministry with a requirement they use it for a certain purpose?" said Hermione. "Because I know there are muggleborn support services...""We should also demand Aeson Croaker be expelled," said Demelza, who had been dropped off at the Leaky Cauldron to use the Floo by her parents. (She admitted she had lied extravagantly to them, claiming she had been invited to a party by a classmate.) "And..." She hesitated."And the others," said Ginny, hugging Demelza from the next chair.The DA made a list of demands, and revised it, and revised it again. They agreed, prompted by Hermione, to come up with concessions Harry could make if he had to and ones they wouldn't accept, to avoid stretching things on for more time if at all possible. Then they voted, and by a two to one margin the conditions were approved.At an hour to midnight Harry joined the talks themselves to present his demands. There had been a recess while Hermione was absent, and everyone was waiting. The Shafiqs had been raised to the Wizengamot two hundred years before, and they had inherited the household of another family, now extinct, and rebuilt and remodeled it extensively in that time. The talks were held in the courtyard, the only place big enough for so many people, which fortunately had been charmed so that it was protected from cold and rain in the winter. The courtyard was big enough to fit the participants, but only barely. It was crammed with adults in formal wear, mostly hostile or at least skeptical, many Death Eaters. Prominent was Bellatrix Lestrange, seated with Fenrir Greyback at her side, staring flatly ahead, and wholly unrecognizable as the witch who had begged for Sirius's mercy only a few days before.Harry took a deep breath, and pictured the dive for the Snitch the same way he would when attempting a difficult Occlumency exercise. He knew he must not hesitate or show any sign of weakness. He went to the podium across from Hermione and let her swear him in, and then he turned to the waiting crowd and said, "I, Harry James Potter, commander of the Defense Association of Hogwarts, list the following grievances and our demands for recompense..." and he began the list. Harry did not get a chance to ask how Dillena had settled the Potters' share in the dispute before, astonishingly, agreement was reached early Tuesday afternoon.Not all parties had agreed, Amelia told them when she came to eat with the Black household prior to the closing rites. Fenrir Greyback and a portion of his werewolf lieutenants walked away, although they left about half of the werewolves, who had achieved the dissolution of the hated Ministry sub-department responsible for their policing. The vampire and veela contingents were said to be mostly satisfied by modifications to the law to allow them to possess wands and clarify criminal prosecution for feeding on humans applied only to nonconsensual relations. A scattering of individual people from all groups had refused to abide by the terms on both sides. Surprisingly, all of the high ranked Death Eaters involved at all had agreed to abide by the terms, which would include banning them all from holding any Ministry position, House office or local political position of any kind, and include taking Unbreakable Vows not to render aid or force of arms to Voldemort or any successor of his for the duration of their lives."We have Lestrange to thank for that," Amelia said. "She put in at the beginning that no one would be returning to Azkaban - at least not with the dementors, and large-scale imprisonment isn't viable without something like them for people with magic - and Elizabeth Longbottom put up the required fuss from Augusta, and then Lestrange made it clear that she considered forced suicide for the command structure a more viable alternative than mass imprisonment. I think she terrified half her own command, because they all believe she's suicidal enough to agree to that depending on the other terms... Even pregnant. That was an awkward announcement, let me tell you," she said, and cast a glance in Harry's direction. "But it made giving up their political power look wonderful.""She's Lestrange to you again, is she?" Lucretia asked."Well, the exact persons responsible for massacring my family came up," Amelia said flatly, and before Lucretia could respond, continued, "Elizabeth Longbottom got what she wanted out of it, too, since Algernon's death was arguably related to the war. The inheritance dispute was finally vowed over and she's undisputed Head, now. Who else are we catching you all up on... I assume Dillena's going to want to talk to Harry in private...""Carya officially is dowager Head of the Carrows," Hermione said, collapsing into a chair next to Harry and closing her eyes. "And she has final custody of all children born with the name, effective immediately. Which Flora and Hestia Carrow will love, but I think their little sister - she's two years younger than us - is a little less bigoted.""Ready to fall asleep sitting up, Hermione?" Sirius said, as she dropped her head back too."I'm resting while I can. I have to conduct the closing rites, too," she said.Harry as DA commander had achieved the expulsions of the students directly responsible for attacking Demelza and Draco, with the exception of Myra Abbott, who would be allowed to continue at school. Significant wergild had been paid to Demelza, who hadn't looked very pleased to be given money in return for being raped. Money for Linda's death had been paid into the budget for muggleborn support services at the Ministry, which was not very satisfying to anyone, but at least made some sort of public statement. In addition, the DA had demanded and achieved an agreement from Hogwarts that a student council would be formed with a vote on the Board of Governors, with mandatory muggleborn representation, although Hogwarts had until next year to actually implement this provision.Dillena's Floo call came not much later. Sirius waved them both into a side parlor, which turned out to contain one of the less horrifying decor schemes today. Dillena perched on a chair as Harry sat down carefully on the edge of a threateningly deep sofa."I don't know how you're going to feel about this," Dillena said, "But I think it was the best outcome possible. There's some money and property trading hands - we're a lot wealthier than the Potters have ever been - and most relevantly... You know Bellatrix is pregnant with You-Know-Who's child.""Yes," said Harry slowly, paralyzed by a sort of horrified awe. He knew what Dillena was going to say immediately, but resisted the knowledge."Well," Dillena said, "She's forfeited the child to us." Oh, Merlin, thought Harry. "The agreement was that it would be blood adopted in utero and born your child instead of his. You have a choice between having Bellatrix's genetics replaced with a second parent or not - the mother's parentage is, unfortunately, usually considered less relevant, and this is more for his assault on your parents than anything she's done. I spoke with her to negotiate this, and what we agreed was that she would be allowed to care for the child herself, at least until it's old enough to need political and magical education, albeit her legal status is only that of a wet nurse and it can theoretically be revoked at any time by us. That made it... sufficient... as an alternative to executing her when Minister Bones really needs her alive, and You-Know-Who is himself unavailable. Magical bonds go only so far, and if we don't have Bellatrix setting an example and keeping her own people in line the peace won't last, so realistically her committing suicide wasn't an option.""Well," said Harry, unable to think of a single good thing to say, "I suppose we're both Parselmouths, anyway." What he wanted to say was, no, God, pick something else - but he was well aware he had no power to refuse, and even if he had been able, it would not have been worth restarting the war.Dillena's lips twitched. "Yes. That was actually a factor in why it seemed reasonable to me. Your mother's marriage to James made it a Potter House trait.""I don't actually have to raise the baby," Harry repeated, trying hard to believe it would be that simple. Then he said, "I thought you weren't happy about me being - sympathetic to her?"Dillena gave a half shrug. "I did say I'd take your views into account... And honestly, having spoken to her, I think you may be right. But let me go over the full terms, we're both bound by them and you should know before they're ritually sworn in."Before leaving, Dillena also gave him a letter. Looking at the terribly familiar looping handwriting that spelled out his name, Harry felt rather strongly that he did not want to read the contents, but he forced himself to slit the seal anyway. Inside was a single sheet of parchment, and on it was written:

If this letter is difficult for me to write, I imagine it will be worse for you to read, and therefore I will endeavor to keep it short. For what little it is worth, I am sorry. I bore no specific malice towards you, which I tell you in pursuit of honesty whether you feel it makes things better or worse. I am in your debt for what I have done, and if you will concur with Ms. MacDougal, for allowing me to raise my child. I will be infinitely more so if you extend any forgiveness or further grace towards me.

If there is anything I can do to assist you, please only ask. You will be aware I have reason to want to give you any aid I can.

Bellatrix Black Lestrange

The closing rites of the ritual peace would be conducted at midnight that night, as the new year began. Hermione, dressing to leave that evening, finally mentioned this was why they had rushed the talks. "I mean, there are only two more days in the original ten, but if we do this on New Year's Eve the rites will be possible to perform without... other measures," she said, braiding her hair and biting her lip in concentration."What actually happens tonight?" asked Harry, who remembered the practical effects from Hermione's explanation at the DA meeting but had not heard what the magic involved."Well, the details are complicated," Hermione said, "But basically, the temporary ritual peace I cast between Amelia and Bellatrix just kills whichever of them breaks it instantly. What we're doing tonight is... broader. We have to have all of the people bound by the agreement present, and coordinating that is part of the problem - not everyone opposed to Voldemort is going to be formally bound by the agreement, that would be ridiculous to arrange, but we have to have all of the surrendering Death Eaters, at least, and anyone important on the other side. The terms are written out in a contract, which the the spell enforces, and then there are designated leaders from each side... I'm not entirely sure what I think of it," Hermione said, an expression of vague distaste crossing her face, "But if any of the combatants break the terms of the agreement, their faction's leader is cursed with death, I mentioned that, but it's not an instant death like an Unbreakable Vow. Instead they have another truce period - ten days - to come back into terms before they're killed, and then the curse passes to the next person along the line of succession who has another ten days, until there isn't anyone left in that faction.""That's... horrible," Harry said."Yes. But effective, you have to admit," Hermione said ruthlessly. "It's why Bellatrix couldn't be executed, there was no one else who could take responsibility for the Death Eaters, and she has to be alive to bind the agreement. Damn it, do you know the terms, you're one of the people affected..""Dillena went over them with me while you were asleep earlier," Harry said. The important part, to him, was that the truce only concerned those Death Eaters who had agreed to be bound by it in turn - and it did not require him to forgive them, associate with them, or prevent him for defending himself. The Death Eaters had won some concessions from the Ministry regarding measures taken specifically against them, and Amelia had forced several reforms on Being legislation through in order to get the Death Eater allies to surrender, but Voldemort's forces had acknowledged their loss. It was the Death Eaters, therefore, who were banned from political power and a wide range of other activities, as well as prevented from attacking society."Good. I'm sorry, I'm so tired..." Hermione tied off her braid and tossed it over shoulder, then straightened. "That's why we had to put the talks on New Year's Eve, so that I could take advantage of the occasion - it takes a lot of power to do this sort of thing, and to keep enforcing it indefinitely, not many adult witches or wizards could. But of course they needed someone who wasn't a commander in the dispute already, so Dumbledore and Amelia and Sirius were all out, and Aunt Cassie actually told Amelia they should use me instead of her and I could handle it." Her eyes shone briefly with a sort of manic pride.

The talks had been hosted at the Shafiqs' home estate, but the final ritual would require enough space for thousands of people to attend. An Unplottable bit of moorland had been chosen, and Floo bonfires lit in an immense circle around the hastily erected stage in the center. Temporary warming charms and charms to keep rain and snow off the proceedings had been cast. For nearly an hour after they arrived, Harry saw nothing but lines of people filing out of bonfires and arranging themselves in rows, whispering or shouting to each other, circling, conjuring chairs or spreading blankets on the ground. Some parties were tense and silent, while others seemed to look at it as a holiday, shouting to friends, running about and drinking from bottles and flasks they had brought along. ("I suppose it is New Year's," Remus remarked dryly, following Harry's gaze.)When the crowds had finally settled into place and quieted, Amelia and Bellatrix were waiting on stage, Hermione between them. The Blacks were close to the stage, so Harry was able to get a good look. All three of them were dressed in black, but here the similarities stopped. Bellatrix and Amelia both wore dress robes, but Amelia wore her usual style of short robes topping boots, her close-cropped gray hair pale in the moonlight. Bellatrix wore trailing black robes with wide sleeves and an odd texture Harry realized belatedly was black lace covering portions of the robes. Her pregnancy was very visible, standing alone in front of the crowd, and her head was raised defiantly.Hermione was the odd one out, wearing a simple black cloak, the hood thrown back, over muggle black slacks and a dark shirt. Unlike Amelia and Bellatrix, she had her wand out, and was leaning over a scroll hovering in the air, doing something Harry could not see. At that moment, Hermione put her wand back in her sleeve and bowed to Amelia and Bellatrix in turn before retreating several steps. She tapped her throat not with her wand but with two fingers, and said, voice magically amplified a hundred times, "The reading of the terms will begin."Amelia stepped up to the scroll, touched her wand to her throat and cleared it. "The Ministry of Magic and the forces arrayed with it meet with the forces of the Death Eaters and their allies on this night, the thirty-first of December of 1996, in order to accept their conditional surrender. The Ministry of Magic is commanded by myself, Amelia Bones. The forces of the Death Eaters are commanded by Bellatrix Black Lestrange. The truce is attended and witnessed by the family Longbottom, led by Elizabeth Longbottom; the family Weasley, led by Symon Weasley..."Harry tuned the speech out and skimmed the crowd. It was difficult to tell who was on which side, as the Death Eaters had not arrived in their hoods and masks, but in ordinary clothing. Some groups appeared to be composed of family and contain mixed political sympathies: for example, he spotted Carya Carrow, pregnant and holding Irene, seated next to and apparently serenely ignoring several glaring adults. Irma Crabbe was accompanied only by a couple of teenagers, including, Harry was relieved to see, Juliana Crabbe.At last they moved on from the listing of the forces bound by the agreement into the actual terms - but these, too, were in precise and legalistic language and Harry did not have an easy time following them. He supposed it was just as well when the contract was going to be magically enforced, but he wondered how many of the participants actually understood what they were agreeing to... Well, that was probably why their leaders had been made responsible for enforcing behavior, but it still seemed precarious...Periodically some clause would be met with murmuring and shifting, but Harry often had a hard time telling what had provoked the response. The announcement that the Wizengamot had agreed to immediately repeal the Blood Magic Act of 1984 now that the war was truly over was met with indifference. On the other hand, the information that the Wizengamot, pressured by the international delegation taking the side of the Death Eaters on this point, had agreed to pass legislation clarifying the position of Beings and meeting the ICW's standard of rights was met with whispering that flared into heckling and shouts until Amelia had to raise her hands and wait for silence before proceeding."How's Frangipani doing?" Harry whispered to Sirius and Remus."All right," Remus said softly. "We're talking about giving her funding to start a newsletter for werewolves - and protection so she's not beaten up for it again. Most of the werewolves who refused to agree to the truce were Greyback's loyalists, once the ICW got involved."Harry nearly did not notice when the contract was finished. He was only jarred into attention by Daphne stepping on his foot. Amelia was tapping the scroll with her wand, and it rolled itself up and flew back into Hermione's hand. Then Amelia spoke: "Now that the formalities are underway, a few words. This armistice brings an end to the worst period of conflict magical Britain has seen since the Statute of Secrecy in the seventeenth century. Our world is bloody and bruised. As we gather, many of us have missing family in mind, family who had lives to live and hopes for after the war that will never be reached." Her voice was brusque, and Harry thought for the first time clearly that Amelia was obviously not accustomed to public speaking, but she seemed to gain confidence as she went."I speak as a member of a family decimated by the war. I am not unique. I see among us the few Puceys, the last Potters, the Carrows, who are still in mourning for their Head. We will survive, but we will never again have what was lost. We will never be what we were. Our only hope is to make our future better instead of reaching for what was lost - to forge something new from the ashes, and to seek creation instead of destruction. Thank you." She hesitated then nodded, reluctance flashing across her face, to Bellatrix.There was a definite current of hostile murmurs in the crowd as Bellatrix stepped to the edge of the platform. Like Hermione, she tapped her throat only with the fingers of her hand to magnify her voice before speaking."I stand before you," she said, slowly, "In the place of a leader who claimed to transcend Life and Death." Her voice was polished and confident in a way that Amelia's was not, but the crowd shifted uneasily. Bellatrix went on, deliberate, eyes raised slightly above the crowd. She spoke almost to herself, as though she was not reciting a speech but expressing thoughts as they came to her, and the effect was strangely compelling. "I did not seek this position or plan for it, but circumstances are what they are and I am compelled to it. I have spoken to you in the past days, and some of you have said to me that this is not the time for surrender... That victory is closer than ever..."She paused. The tension was nearly available. Harry saw a mix of understandably furious and rapt faces around him. The crowd was silent but nearly boiling, and he thought he saw someone start to reach for a wand in the corner of his eye. When it was nearly unbearable, and only then, Bellatrix spoke:"That belief is profoundly mistaken."I could tell you that our leader has returned from Death damaged - that he is not what he was, and his mistakes are not his own. I could suggest to you that he has abandoned us, that in the wake of his near-death and the loss of many dear to him he no longer has a grasp on his vision. I would like to tell you these things. But I cannot. They would be lies."The crowd flinched as one. Harry heard someone not far off whisper, "And we can't have that, lies from the mouth of Lestrange?" and an answering bitter laugh, but as a whole the crowd seemed to hang on her words - even if the compulsion was hostile."She's talking to the Death Eaters," someone said from the same direction. "Let her talk to the Death Eaters."Bellatrix went on, "The truth is that the Dark Lord's priorities and vision are as they ever were, and they concern only his own power - only his own quest for knowledge - only those people who are useful to him. The truth is that many of our uses have proved short-lived to him. The truth is that he is, now, as he always was. If his journey through Death has rendered him limitless, it has made him more honest, too, and that honesty is as terrible as he ever was."My friends and kinsmen, this war was never meant to be won. It was only ever meant to feed the Dark Lord's powers with death. I cannot force you to take part in this agreement and I know that many of you are reluctant to lay down arms - to lay down, in potential, your lives - but I ask you to seek the peace that many of you have never known. I ask you to follow my example, for I shall lay my own life down first as guarantor of the peace. I ask you to accept that you have paid a terrible price for the ambitions of a man who could not abandon you, for he never possessed any loyalty to abandon - and I ask you to take the great step of deciding you will pay no more. Thank you," she said, and bowed to the crowd, graceful even as she laid a hand over her stomach and moved with great care.There was a moment of silence, and then - torn out of the crowd as if by force - there was applause."Still the same Bella," Aunt Narcissa said under her breath and the cover of the applause, to Harry's side, and was met with Aunt Andromeda's laughter.After the speeches, the rest of the spell work began. Every combatant would have to give a drop of blood to be applied to the long, blank end of the scroll, so that they would be bound. Any combatant who refused to be bound by the truce would not be protected by its provisions, and it had been made plain that the Ministry reserved the option of executing Death Eaters who would not surrender, with the agreement not to reopen Azkaban with dementors in place. The crowd filtered into long lines that followed their leaders past the stage so one of the dozen or so people who had been enlisted to help with this step could prick their fingers for a few drops of blood each.This process took hours. Midnight had nearly come when Hermione jumped back up to the stage, accompanied once more by Bellatrix and Amelia, the main leaders. Hermione drew, with an expression of fierce concentration Harry knew meant serious anxiety, her wand and a short dagger with a wooden hilt. Bellatrix extended her hand first, and Hermione ran the blade of the knife across the back of her hand. Harry could see Hermione's lips move and knew she was casting a spell as she cut, but he was far too distant to hear the words. Bellatrix tipped her hand to run blood into the same goblet that Hermione had used to cast the truce in Grimmauld Place, then stepped back, and Hermione repeated the procedure with Amelia.Finally, Hermione lifted the goblet in both hands and tilted it to show the blood inside to the crowd. She turned, slowly, in a circle to show all sides of the stage. Then she took out her wand and stirred three times each direction over the goblet, before finally touching it to the rim, delicately. She spoke two sentences: "The warp is set and the die is cast. I will it done," and the blood, once more, burst into flame.This time, Hermione set the goblet on the stage and knelt behind it, bowing her head and letting her cloak pool around her. The crowd was silent while she moved, but when she went still at last, it burst into noise - applause, heckling, queries, and rising slowly above the rest, building slowly, cheering - some directed to Hermione by name."She has to wait until it burns out," said Aunt Cassiopeia, calmly, beside them. "I'll go to the stage and wait with her, there's occasionally someone stupid enough to try to disrupt the rite at this stage mentioned in the records. The rest of you may go. The period of burning has to be open to public witness but there's not really much else to see. Hermione can't talk until it's over, either, so Harry, Draco, Daphne, I think you'd best not distract her with temptation."Indeed, the crowd was slowly leaving, either Disapparating or filtering back to the bonfires and their great basins of Floo powder. On the stage behind Hermione, Amelia was speaking to Bellatrix, eyebrows raised, but their voices were no longer magnified and the conversation was inaudible. Others were struggling against the crowd, apparently looking for other people, or engaged in shouted arguments and whispered conversations."I'd better wait, I told Amelia I'd stick around until the crowd was definitely under control," Sirius said, sounding resigned. "Daphne, I don't know if you'd like to go home or look for your sisters...""I saw Myrina with Taran, and the Rosiers can't attack me for talking to her here," Daphne said, drawing her cloak tighter around her shoulders. "Excuse me, Draco, Harry, Graeme.""I'm going to look for Pansy," said Draco, jaw set with determination.Harry shrugged. He could have gone looking for Ron, but there was no reason he couldn't see Ron every day at school in about a week, and he had no idea if they would actually find each other - or if the Weasleys had already left. "I'll go home," he said, and accepted Aunt Druella's offered hand for Apparition.In the distance, near the horizon, he saw the pale smoke and flashes of muggle fireworks. 1997 had arrived.

There was a strange waiting feeling over the next week. Hermione came home with Aunt Cassiopeia near dawn, drawn with exhaustion but excited under it. She confirmed that Aunt Cassiopeia had had to steer away a few of the Death Eater sympathizers who hadn't signed the contract away from her, but brushed this off with an un-Hermione-like lack of concern: "It isn't like they'd get past her," she said, yawning, and fell asleep almost immediately on dropping to the drawing room couch.Everyone expected Voldemort to be livid, but the vast majority of his supporters were gone - if not actually because they had signed the contract, then because with the abandonment of most of the Death Eater commanders they had fled Britain without the intention of returning. He was unlikely to draw much more support, either, with most of the truly powerful and wealthy of society committed by blood contract, Vow or both not to support him any further. But that would only make his rage greater, and of course, they now had no informers who could actually tell them what Voldemort was planning. Amelia had made a general announcement that Death Eaters would have ten more days to report to the Ministry and sign the contract and receive its protections, and a few people trickled in over the next day, but no one was particularly optimistic about Voldemort himself taking her up on it."A shame, because if he would we could call the thing done and stop trying to work out how to break into that becursed crypt," Aunt Narcissa said, reading the morning paper. No one had really gone to bed, so much as fallen asleep in the house's common areas in brief fits as they arrived home, and a number of people who did not actually live at Grimmauld Place were hanging about, apparently reluctant to leave and wait alone or in smaller numbers."Didn't Argus Greengrass agree to cooperate?" Sirius asked, yawning. "I forget who went to talk to him...""He can't," Aunt Narcissa said, sighing. "When I confirmed Ulrike was dead I went to speak to him, but he made it clear that he can't undo whatever the hell the Dark Lord and Bella did to the thing short of disassembling the crypt... And that's not a good move politically even if he or Sotero were mad enough to agree to it. We'd get Sotero killed at once and some of our own people might rebel over it, too. You don't disturb the dead.""Undoubtedly why he chose it," Aunt Andromeda said darkly, startling Harry, who had thought she was still asleep."Undoubtedly. Anyway, I'll ask Bella about it when I can." Aunt Narcissa shrugged. "I don't know how she'll take the question, since politically betraying him is different from agreeing to help have him killed, but I certainly wouldn't suggest anyone else broach it with her. That's the most logical next move, I think. But I'll wait a few days to write or she won't take it well."The political calm and the waiting feeling both lasted through the rest of break. No one seemed certain if they were caught in the eye of storm or it was really over. Harry doubted very much that Voldemort would go quietly, still alive, but whatever he was planning, he evidently needed time to accomplish it. For the first time in many months, no disappearances or murders appeared in the papers, no shops or homes were burnt down, and not much of note occurred at all. A steady stream of business to do with the negotiations appeared in the papers: wergild paid out, property transfers, a few marriages and adoptions, other divorces and disownments, particularly as the identifies of Death Eaters - and a few people who had been on the Ministry or Order's side - were revealed to their families.That Saturday, Harry lay in his bedroom late at night, reading his mother's journals. It had started to set in that there was only a week remaining of break, and then they would be sent back to school for what promised to be a strangely normal term. He would have to see if they could disband the DA, although Harry didn't think it was a good idea to immediately assume the student violence would stop because of their parents' agreements... The actual Death Eaters had already been kept out of the school... But more pertinently, soon he would be back at Hogwarts, away from the family and away from his mother's diaries.Harry had found the composition book he thought was the last, and he had been saving it, but knowing he would have to put them aside for months soon anyway gave him a hunger he could not deny. Feeling a strange mix of awe, excitement and dread, he flipped it open and paged through it, slowly.He was soon disappointed: there seemed to be very little of interest in this book. Perhaps his mother had not been able to concentrate enough to write, in hiding and awaiting Voldemort. The notebook was filled overwhelmingly with the sort of disjointed lists that took up occasional space in earlier volumes. There were grocery lists, budgets, lists of baby clothes, pages of song lyrics, what seemed to be copied out poetry. Diary entries occasionally appeared but were brief and often broke off suddenly. Still, Harry traced over the words, knowing his mother had written them, feeling an immense, sad fondness for an angry rant about an attempt at cooking dinner that had gone badly, or what seemed to be a first description of the cottage they had gone into hiding in. He paused, lingering over the shopping list on the next page, and wondered if she had been drafting them to give to someone else to bring them supplies in hiding. He began to read it more closely, filled with a morbid curiosity.Then Harry frowned. He had not paid much attention to the lists of mundane items before, particularly not to the numbers at the end of each line. But now that he had looked, he saw that this list was very long, and that the prices were exceedingly strange - not to mention the quantities. Surely his mother had not really sent someone out to shop for 163 individual carrots, let alone for the price of 9.13?Excitement prickled. Harry read down the list. The actual ingredients were reasonable enough, but now, studying closely, he saw that the three numbers after each line made no sense at all. They had been lined up as though his mother had recorded a quantity and a decimal price for each item but it seemed more likely that the grocery items had only been an excuse...This was not a shopping list at all. It was a code. And that must be why there were so many more lists, in this notebook, the last of his mother's notebooks: she had had more to hide in 1981 than in any previous year of her life.But how should he go about breaking it? Harry's first thought was to go to Hermione, but she was asleep, and she had been exhausted the whole week after performing the rite. He did not want to wake her up, but he could not stand the thought of waiting until morning. He got up, regardless, and went down to the library, tucking the notebook under his arm with care. Aunt Druella had added his blood to the library door when he had learned magic sight well enough she thought it was safe, so he had only to grip the knob before the lock clicked open, and he could step carefully inside, lighting the torches. The skulls of the Black family scholars grinned down at him from the bookshelves and the display case, and the candles on the altar, freshly replaced, flickered. Harry, who had been drilled in the fact that the library's spirit residents could take exception to rudeness violently, bowed, once in the direction of the altar and once in the direction of the skulls, then went on to the books.There was no modern library cataloging system in the Black library, any more than there was in Hogwarts. Hermione had said something about cataloging the family library eventually, but it had been put on hold. Instead, there were ten or so volumes of handwritten records, containing a list of every book in the library. These lists were not totally complete or always legible, which was how Bellatrix and Narcissa had been able to conceal Draco Black's diaries and their method of hunting Horcrux locations with ritual magic for so many years without ever removing them from the library entirely.Harry tapped the stack and muttered the index charm for the keyword code breaking or codes. Several volumes lit up: those contained relevant titles. Harry picked up the first and let it fall open to the earliest result. Then he went to the section of the shelves indicated and began to look.As he had suspected, the Blacks had half a shelf of volumes on codes and code-breaking. Long ago, Aunt Cassiopeia's portrait had remarked that it was somewhat of a traditional prerequisite for both serious magical scholarship and political life in the magical world, so most families had their private traditions. The books Harry found were a mix of modern, magically-printed reference works and a scattering of less-standardized earlier printed books and handwritten manuscripts. He started to take only the printed references, then reconsidered. His mother, everyone agreed - and it had become obvious to him as he went through her things - had learned some incredibly obscure magic and well-protected secrets in not very much time, and Harry had gradually realized that much of her work had been not only magic restricted because the Ministry banned nearly everything it could and commonly practiced anyway, but highly forbidden and extremely dangerous. He took the manuscripts too after some thought, and spread everything out on one of the library work tables.Harry was by now fairly experienced with research, starting from when he, Ron and Hermione had searched for Nicholas Flamel in the Hogwarts library first year. But he did not take the kind of effortless pleasure in it that Hermione did. Even printed books in the magical world were not the easy, regular works of muggle books. They were set oddly, the typefaces varied immensely, the text was spaced densely and often all free space was decorated with symbols and flourishes that obscured where the meaningful text ended. Manuscripts and earlier books were worse, and often still relevant to magical research. Every individual writer had their own hand and foibles, text became denser or messier in important places, and a writer who was two or three hundred years old might jumble elements of vocabulary and handwriting from several centuries, so that even looking things up was difficult.Harry had been squinting his way through classifications of codes in two of the modern books and one of the manuscripts for nearly an hour when he became aware someone else was in the room. The door had not opened. The back of his neck prickled, and he raised his head, but no one was there. Harry frowned. Then he lifted his head to the watching skulls.They were unmoved, but a man said in the empty space to his right, "Have you found what you're looking for?"Harry did not jump. He did not feel as surprised as he should have. Perhaps he should have searched for an invisibility cloak or cast a detection charm, but he had been warned repeatedly that the family spirits dwelt in the library as well as the crypt and they would watch and sometimes object to poor treatment of the family's archives. But, Aunt Druella had said, they could also be helpful if they felt the urge."Not exactly," he said, carefully, and flipped open his mother's notebook again. "I think there's a code in this journal, the numbers don't make sense, but I don't have a lot of practice with this."The pages of the journal turned by themselves, slowly, as though a person was leafing through it. "Perhaps," the man said. He sounded a bit like Sirius, Harry thought, but his speech was quiet, more deliberate. It did not sound particularly archaic, and Harry started to mentally list family members, but then stopped, thinking that Sir Nick spoke more or less modern English at school. Probably if the spirits watched the house, they would all speak it."I think it's probably a book code," Harry said, tentatively. According to the modern reference works, a book code was made up of several numbers, identifying a page, a line and a word in a certain edition of a specific book, and for that reason it was very secure as long as the book could not be identified."I believe you're correct. The numbers all appear to be divided into three. These lists would make for quite short messages, but here--" The notebook fell open to a page of sums Harry had glanced over in passing before. "There are others like it, too. Each column is adding three numbers. The sums may be total nonsense meant to hide the purpose. If each equation is a word, there are a few hundred here. Do you have any idea what book might be the key?""I was hoping I could find a spell to help with the next part..." Harry admitted."There are a few for decrypting book codes, but they all require the key. Here, this is the best." The modern code reference Harry had been using was taken gently from the desk and the correct page laid out, then a paperweight floated over from the supply cabinet and settled on the book, holding it open. "If you want to detect what the key itself is, that would be a divination problem, but in general encrypted messages will be enchanted against methodological divining. True seers are harder to keep out that way, but of course you need one available for that to work.""Then what do I do?" Harry said, frustrated.The space to his right was still empty, but when he looked down at the notebook he caught a glimpse out of the corner of his eye of the spirit: he was a man, a few inches shorter than Harry, with quite long black hair pulled half-back. His face was not clear. His robes seemed cut oddly to Harry's eye, with a very high neck and sleeves so long they brushed his fingertips, but Harry could not recognize the style to say how old it might have been. When he turned his head to get a better look he saw only the empty library and the bookshelves beyond the table again.Spirits like the Black ancestors were not like the ghosts at Hogwarts, Harry had been told repeatedly. They were tied loosely to their mortal remains, and their level of consciousness and independence was debated. They were also less visible."Generally, you check any books you believe the writer had access to," the spirit said. "Keep in mind that the writer needed to use the same exact copy, or the same edition, every time they wrote. In some less secure cases, a popular book with numerous copies from each printing readily available is used - it makes it easier. This looks like a personal diary?""Yeah, it was -  my mother's," Harry said, fumblingly."She was a witch? This is a muggle book.""Yes," Harry said firmly, uncertain if the spirit would storm off or throw something at his head, but the fact that he had recognized the muggle composition book was encouraging. "She was muggleborn.""Yes, of course," the spirit said, to his surprise. "You would be Harry Potter. This is the notebook of Lily Evans."Harry blinked. He decided he was probably better off not knowing what the spirit had overheard about his mother. "Yeah," he said. "It probably had to do with the war, but on the other hand she wrote this when she was in hiding under the Fidelius Charm, so I'm not sure how worried she was about it being decrypted.""It's a place to start, at any rate. Let me see..." The spirit's voice came from further off, and books began to come off the shelves. It was not like a Summoning Charm. The spirit seemed to be pulling them from the shelves and carrying them, as though he moved around the library in person. "These are some of the books printed in larger editions in magical Britain. You might actually need to go to Flourish and Blotts, we have older and more obscure printings of some of the usual suspects, but we can start here."They made no progress on identifying the key to the book code. Each time Harry performed the spell with a new book, the numbers were replaced by a different set of gibberish, although the spirit assured him this meant he was performing the spell correctly with an incorrect key. Discouraged, Harry put his wand away when they came to the end of the stack and wrote down the last title on the list the spirit had told him to make of books he had ruled out."This is a good start," the spirit said. "If you have access to her personal possessions or the Potter family library I would attempt that next. Identifying the key is the most difficult part of breaking a book code, that's how they're meant to work.""What, the entire library?" Harry had never seen his family's library, but if it was anything like the Blacks...Out of the corner of his eye he could see the spirit smiling. "There are spells that will perform a larger search from a list of keys and show you the one that looks most like language, although this only works if the message is actually in coherent language and not a list of ingredients. You could also ask whoever's supervising the family estate to have a servant spend a few days on the task. But I think I would start with the books that were actually in Lily Evans's possession when she died. She would have had to keep the key with her at the house to use it.""Right," Harry said. "I actually have a few trunks of her things with me, I'll check the books there," he said, getting up to return the code-breaking books to the shelves. "Er - thanks. Is it rude if I ask which family member you are...?"There was a noticeable silence, and Harry wondered if he had offended the spirit, but the sense of presence did not vanish. After he had put the last book away, the spirit said, "I'm Orion Black. Sirius is my son."Harry whipped around from the shelf, but he knew immediately that Orion Black's spirit had gone.By now it was one in the morning, and he wanted desperately to go to bed. But confusion over Orion Black and anxious eagerness to find out what his mother had encrypted spurred him to check the books in the trunk he had received from the Puceys, and the handful of books in the boxes of possessions Snape and Dillena had returned to him. None came up with anything useful, even the muggle paperbacks in the box from Godric's Hollow. Defeated, Harry wrote a quick note to Dillena asking if she had any other books from Godric's Hollow, or failing that, if she could come and talk to him about something before he went back to Hogwarts. Even if the war was supposedly over, he knew better than to ask about something like this openly in the post, and he and Dillena did not have their own encryption procedure established.

To Harry's surprise, he got up late on Sunday morning and found Dillena at the house having tea with Aunt Druella and Tonks."He riseth," Aunt Druella said, glancing up at him in the doorway. "Come in, Harry, come eat breakfast. Dillena says you wrote to her very late last night--""I'm sorry," Harry began, mortified, but Dillena shook her head."I stopped by after church," she said. "I know it wasn't urgent but it sounded interesting, and things are beginning to calm down a bit. What was this about books?"Harry sat down at the table and explained what he had found, carefully. He could not quite avoid mentioning that someone had helped him in the library, but he said only vaguely that it had been a family spirit. He was not entirely sure how to feel about the presence of Sirius's dead father, who nearly everyone in the family seemed to have mixed feelings about."It definitely sounds like a code," Tonks said eagerly, leaning forward. "I know what spells he was talking about, that search a whole library, the Aurors have a room full of the most commonly used books for this sort of thing. I might be able to ask Kingsley to take a sample in and check if you like.""I don't know..." Harry said, awkwardly, thinking that he was nearly certain anything his mother had encrypted had been illegal at the very least.Aunt Druella smiled, seeming to guess. "Given the circumstances of her death," she said, gently, "I don't think any blame would be given to her... But we can start with the books she actually had first. Dillena, do you know if any were missed?"Dillena had been listening thoughtfully, and she sighed. "I'm entirely sure they were," she said. "I talked to Harry about Mockridge--"Harry winced. The conversation had slipped his mind in the last few weeks. "So he probably sold them?""My guess would be that she chose the most unique book she possessed for security," Dillena said. "Although I could be wrong. But in any case, anything rare would be valuable, and anything that was still worth money from the house, Mockridge sold. The family library was entailed and had to be left untouched, but the personal possessions..." She shrugged.Aunt Druella muttered something in a language Harry did not know. Tonks simply said, "Arsehole.""What happened to him, anyway?" Harry asked belatedly. "I know the dementors aren't going back to Azkaban...""The Ministry is still trying to decide what to do about prosecution for crimes that normally result in prison sentences," Aunt Druella acknowledged, "But I believe Mockridge was ordered to provide restitution and a public apology - which will prevent him from ever holding a position to abuse again, cold as that comfort is.""He's still coming up with the money," Dillena confirmed. "The first payment was made, and a few possessions returned, but he sold off a lot and spent a lot of the money - or just sent it on to the Ministry, and Amelia has a limited amount of control over refunding money from its coffers, although I've raised the issue in the Wizengamot. I doubt we'll get back the full worth, let alone some of the more priceless objects, not to mention the damage to the land... But in any case, I can demand he provide an itemized list of the books if he hasn't already. It may take me a few weeks, but it shouldn't be serious trouble, and that will tell us what we're looking for, at least. And Harry, let me know what you find, when you do, if it's not too private?""Yeah, of course," Harry said.Their last week of break was mostly uneventful. On Monday evening, Harry finally turned his mind to his Wardcraft project. He was trying, with help and hindrance from an amused Tonks and Evelyn, to determine which of the Black library books on the subject he could safely use as sources without risking getting his essay confiscated and censored by the Ministry if the additional security still at the castle searched his bag on return.Tonks, who had taken advanced coursework in Wardcraft as part of Auror training, was actually very helpful with the assignment itself. Harry had half-forgotten that Tonks had had to possess serious academic qualifications in order to become an Auror. She confessed, as Harry read book titles to her and she helped him decide between them, that while she had been raised in the magical world and her mother still believed in teaching magic to children young, the academic part of education had not come at all easily to her: "I could do the magic, sure, but I used to sit up all night with flashcards - especially Potions. The Aurors want you to have a N.E.W.T. in it to qualify, and you know what Snape's like."This was a relief to Harry, who was not used to this sentiment being expressed by adults. "I do all right," he said, "I'm just never going to really enjoy...""Not many people enjoy it like Hermione," Tonks said, grinning. "So! Let's talk about what kind of project you want to do. You'll do a better job if it's something you want to use..."The two of them were talking over the feasibility of doing a project on broom anti-jinx measures in comparison with working on warding a small box for carrying letters when Tonks frowned. "What's that noise? Is that coming from outside?"Harry, accustomed to city noise by now, hadn't really paid attention, but now that Tonks mentioned it there seemed to be a rather rowdy group of singers below and toward the street. "Carolers, maybe," he said."Would you go look outside and tell me?" Tonks said, so Harry went. There were no windows in the library, so the two of them had to exit the room entirely and go up a flight of steps to look out from the next floor's landing.Harry had not been entirely wrong: there was a group of people singing and clearly decked out in holiday clothing. But - his heart lurched in his chest - they were masked, and several were clearly carrying wands. These were not the white Death Eater masks, but a mix of simple colored party masks and fantastical creations, including several foxes, a man's face made out of leaves and branches, a horse, and an odd creation he thought at first was some kind of animal, but when he looked closer, he identified as someone's cloak draped over a skeleton of sticks. The frame formed a six legged, winding body with an eerily distorted head, enchanted to "walk" in an unnerving, gliding motion between the party.He reported this to Tonks, trying to sound more baffled than frightened. The party was ignoring the handful of muggle spectators gawking and making its way, steadily, towards the front door of Grimmauld Place."Oh, Merlin," Tonks said, "They're wassailers. Sirius said no one's come the last couple of years, and I thought in London, but--""Wassailers?" Harry said, baffled. An ancient memory from primary intruded: Here we come a-wassailing... "What are they singing?""Something obscene, no doubt," said Aunt Druella from the stairs above. Harry looked up and saw her descend, looking torn between amusement and chagrin, with her skirts gathered in one hand. "Damn, but we don't have anything ready for them - Kitchens! Please prepare refreshments and to open the kitchens to a wassail party. Whatever's fastest.""Should we let them in?" Tonks said, strained. "Harry says they're masked, and it would be a good excuse to show up in a group.""We'd better or they're liable to camp out around the doors and try to set fire to the house," Aunt Druella said. "You'd be used to the Hogsmeade traditions, but the more hostile the feudal relations are the more violent they tend to be, on the days they can get away with it...""They might be expecting to duel us to get in," said Sirius, as he opened his office door, "I remember that from before I ran away...""Yes, put a shield up before you open that door," Aunt Druella said as she reached the bottom flight of steps. "Come on, we can argue with them for a while and let the elves have a chance to actually cook, but we should get them inside the muggle-deflecting protections on the entrance at least or the Ministry will show up and have a field day..." She cast a complicated looking spell herself as she reached the door, not waiting for Sirius, and wrenched it open."Well! Who goes there?" she shouted, audible clearly to Harry a flight of steps up. "I think that's you, Arthur Smethley - and is that little Rosie? Aren't you too old to drag your sister into this sort of mischief? And Flavian Quirke, still good for nothing, I see, and your crony Lucian Pepper--"She was drowned out by a mix of laughter, boos, and loud rattling from people banging pots and pans together. As Harry came down the stairs, close enough to see, he saw about ten or fifteen people packed together, all masked or hooded. They were gathered around the strange puppet-creature, which was roaming the stairs and trying to make its way past Aunt Druella's shield, pressing its "snout," the tip of a stuffed head with straw poking out of the seam, and "pawing" at it with feet that were made of the ends of sticks. The rattling and banging slowly faded out; then the smallest masked wassailer, a young looking girl with voluminous curly hair poking out of the back of her unicorn mask, banged four steady beats on the upturned cooking pot in her arms, and the entire group launched into a ragged song together:"We ask for the landlord to fill up our cup,And if he allows us to enter and sup,We'll leave him the hall and return to our huts,Otherwise, we'll come and burn the place up."Aunt Druella replied:"Your meter is terrible,Your melody's worse. To bring you inside would be wholly unbearable; You'd better come up with another verse.""Not your best effort, Lady Black," called a man with a stag's head mask and antlers stretching out a full foot from his head on either side."You've caught us pretty flat-footed, Proudfoot," Sirius said, coming into the doorway finally. "We'd better keep it up for at least long enough for the kitchens to catch up or you're going to be pretty disappointed.""It's twelfth night!" said the girl with the unicorn mask. "You should have known!""Well, you haven't been back since I inherited," Sirius pointed out. "How should I have known it would be this year? All right, give it a go, it's your lot's turn anyway."There was a sort of pause; then two young men in matching fox masks counted off and launched into a poem that started with the alarming beginning,"Bella Black is a flaming whore--She'll take anything and ask for more--"This carried on for at least six or eight more lines of considerably more lurid suggestions. Harry felt his cheeks go hot. At some point, several other people had come down, and he heard Aunt Narcissa mutter "It's just as well she's not here," under her breath. Harry could only see some of Sirius's face, but he thought it had gone awkwardly frozen. Hermione dropped onto the stairs on Harry's other side, looking furious. But it was Daphne who jumped up at the end of the verse and launched into what seemed to be a pre-memorized poem accusing the audience's mother of copulating publicly with a series of goats."Do we have to stay for this?" Harry said quietly to Aunt Andromeda, putting a hand on Hermione's shoulder in case he had to stop her from launching herself at someone, and hoping desperately that this was not going to set the tone for the rest of the night."You can go upstairs if you want," she murmured, "Both of you. It's... Usually directed at whatever the slights of the family are seen to be, it's just that for the Blacks that's...""Incest," Harry said."Which is all the more true since Sirius has alleviated most of the grievances that actually involved money or land. And they may well be here at all because they're angry we helped Bella gain immunity," Aunt Andromeda said. "And somebody suggested it while they were all drinking... at the house of somebody who lives closer to them, with all of the wassailing gear out...""Who's that girl in the unicorn mask?" Hermione said."That's - I think that's Rose Smethley, she would be fourteen, so she's old enough," Aunt Andromeda said. "She's just a bit small for her age."Daphne's goat-related accusations were being answered with what sounded like an older - and certainly better put-together - song about toiling on somebody else's land while the landlord profited. The adrenaline in Harry's blood slowly faded as the insults became more generic. He had been certain for a moment in his confusion that they were being attacked. Sitting on the stairs and watching the ridiculously masked wassailers exchange poetry with Sirius, Aunt Druella and Aunt Andromeda, with occasional participation by Daphne, began to feel rather funny, although Harry did not feel terribly friendly towards their visitors.The issue of Bellatrix, however, obviously was not finished. In response to a series of limericks by Tonks accusing him of everything from bad breath to several anatomically unlikely recreational activities, one of the adults in the party, the one Aunt Druella had called Arthur Smethley, began another poem, starting:"Of course, the lord will never wed,And put his cousin out of his bed. The tree is braided, thread by thread. Black to Black is how they're bred."Sirius was gritting his teeth, pale cheeks flushed. Aunt Andromeda rose from the stairs to draw attention and said, voice icily calm,"Arthur by his knights is crowned; As Odin leads the hunting hound; But all who hear his bugle soundMust flee away from forest ground..."Those who fairies' company keepmust not kneel roadside and weep For bodies by their own bow reapt... Or plead surprised, when used as sheep.Dropping the rhyme scheme, she finished, "Fine words from you, complaining about Bella, aren't they, Smethley?"What Arthur Smethley said to that was certainly not in rhyme and extremely graphic. Harry tensed, and Sirius made an aborted movement towards his wand, but Aunt Druella laid a hand on his arm and said, "Smethley, go. Your family may stay, but you've lost the game and any semblance of claim on hospitality. The rest of you, I think the elves will have finished, so we'll call Andromeda's response specific to him and forfeit the game, shall we?" Sirius growled something nearly inaudible, but Aunt Druella said, curtly, "Sirius, go upstairs," and he grimaced and went.Smethley turned on his heel and Disapparated with a crack, and the rest of the party came filing inside.There was immediately a lot of chaos. The puppet creature turned out to be enchanted to go mad inside. It raced up the stairs until Harry and Hermione kicked it forcibly back, whereupon it tried to climb the wall instead. Tonks banished it back down the stairs, and it rolled to its feet, turned a corner through the now-open door to the basement and began clattering down to the kitchen. The elves cursed it loudly and in Winky's case somewhat hysterically. When the humans made it downstairs, they found the puppet pawing through a basket of old bread, biscuits and ends of cheese rounds, and a cauldron bubbling."Here's the drink," Aunt Druella said, taking a cup from the table and dipping it in the cauldron, then passing it to the party. There was more amicable conversation now, and mutual wishes of Happy Christmas, but Harry went to find Aunt Andromeda in the corner."What was the poem about?" he said quietly. "About the hunt?"Aunt Andromeda looked at him and smiled tightly. "It was rude of me, but not much worse than what he said to Sirius," she said. "I know for a fact that Sirius's mother hired him as stable boy and attendant for her muggle hunting a year or so before she got stabbed to death, in 1984 when he was fourteen. I wouldn't wish her on any teenager, but she wouldn't have picked anyone for that if they didn't honestly enjoy murder... Not that I was better at that age, but then I was raised in this house, and his family is halfblood and more or less normal.""I'm going upstairs now," said Harry, regretting his question, and Hermione, who had come over without his notice, nodded in silent agreement.

Before they went back to school, Rodolphus Lestrange was released from either detainment or medical care in accordance with the truce, which meant that Sotero asked Hermione to tolerate the terrible inevitability of having to formally meet his parents. Sotero's inheritance was more secure now than it had been before, since the Death Eaters had been banned from holding political position in the Houses, and he now had his father's apparent public approval as well as Alexandre Lestrange's family - always assuming this did not explode spectacularly over Sotero's radical politics. But that meant that if Hermione and Sotero continued to date and, for example, got married, she would certainly have to speak to his parents at some point.Hermione suggested to Harry that she might just break up with Sotero immediately by owl in the middle of telling him this, but in the end she got dressed with Druella's help and went off to dinner, looking nearly ill. She came back thoughtful, but less terrified."How was it?" Harry asked. He pulled a chair out for her across from Agrimony's daughter Saffron, who had been narrating a story she had written at day school, involving a very small crup puppy whose siblings climbed on top of her and wouldn't let her play with them, with great effort."Okay, I think," said Hermione breathlessly. "Hi, Saffron - is that your book?""Yes, do you want to hear my book, too?" Saffron said; so asking Hermione how having a dinner party with Bellatrix and Rodolphus Lestrange was put aside for now in favor of hearing about how Fiona the Crup Puppy was always last to get to play with any new toys, and last to eat dinner, and how she was so very tired of her big brother stepping on her head when he climbed out of the play pen, illustrated by a quite good if childish picture of Fiona, wincing with a fat paw on her head, and another crup's hindquarters scrambling over the side of the pen. (The letters accompanying the drawings were clumsier and looked like a much younger child's writing, but then, Saffron had only started school and been introduced to the alphabet last summer after she and her parents were freed)."The drawings are really good," said Harry, turning the pages after to Saffron's obvious pleasure."I like the drama," said Hermione, though she was obviously impatient to be able to talk to Harry, "Do you want to write books when you grow up?"At last Dean's mother, who was across the room with a sketchbook, made an appreciative face at them and asked Saffron if she would come over and read the book to her, and Harry and Hermione could put their heads together and whisper."How was it?" said Harry."Not that bad, actually," Hermione. "Although I almost feel that's worse. They were civil, although I don't know if Bellatrix was mocking me at first or if she's just like that - when I came in she said, I would introduce myself but you obviously are more aware of who I am than you would like to be, and by the way, I apologize for holding your best friend prisoner and embarking on a political campaign to murder everyone like you, if it does any good--"Harry choked. "Is that a quote?""More or less!" Hermione rolled her eyes. "But once we got into theory it was easier. Bellatrix is trying to reconstruct the original Lestrange residence, the castle I mean. It's sentient, but apparently an artificial construction of magic is usually easier to recreate than it is to resurrect a natural living person or animal who died. Actually, it sort of reminds me of what you've said about Hogwarts... So anyway, most of the Lestranges have decided they'll tolerate her being pregnant with somebody else's child if she can put the castle back together.""What does Rodolphus Lestrange think of that?" said Harry.Hermione snorted. "I asked Sotero about that earlier, and apparently his father infamously had enough mistresses to be seen with a different woman every day of the week before, and he's already managed to find women who will see him again. But nobody bothers to complain about him being adulterous because he's a man. Purebloods," she said in general disgust."So are you still seeing Sotero now that dinner's over, then?" Harry said.Hermione swatted him with the book she had already acquired in the thirty second trip from the front door. "Don't be stupid," she said, which Harry assumed meant yes.

That Sunday they returned to school. With the fragile peace holding, they would return on the train, not by Floo. Saturday night there was a rush to pack everything up, rediscover missing belongings, and decide what to bring. Harry, who still had not found the key to his mother's journals, decided impulsively to take the last two or three notebooks, which were heavily encoded, although he asked Aunt Cassiopeia to help him protect them from any searches at the school gates first.Harry and Hermione found Ron with his parents and Ginny on the platform, and boarded together to find an empty compartment with relief. There they set about telling Ron what had happened over the holidays, including Hermione's role in the peace negotiations. This was a subject of great interest to many people, and other students they knew kept coming in and finding excuses to hover until their compartment gradually became very crowded. Cho came in around a half hour after the train had left and squeezed in next to Harry, and he flushed at the feeling of her thigh pressed against his, thinking of their last visit over the holidays, before the peace treaty... Although he had the disquieting realization he had to talk to Cho, too, about Dillena negotiating for him to adopt Bellatrix's unborn child.Harry had mixed feelings, this time, when the thestral-drawn carriages rounded the curve in the road and Hogwarts' silhouette came over the horizon. The castle had been his first home, the first place he really felt welcome, the first place he found friends. He had found Sirius there, too, for all the drama of third year. He had spent most of his life at the castle for the past five and a half years. But he was halfway through his sixth year and had only a year and a half left, and increasingly he thought of home as - not necessarily Grimmauld Place, where he had lived for less than a year, but wherever Sirius was, and the family, and Hermione, too, as his adopted cousin as well as his friend.And, too, there was Dumbledore. The second war Dumbledore had predicted and spent so much time preparing for was, now, over. While Voldemort still lived, he had few allies and was politically in disgrace. Harry knew that they would have to kill him - very likely, that Harry would have to kill him - but he was no longer the leader of a massive political movement threatening to destroy the country, but one very evil, very dangerous man, who would inevitably continue to kill as was useful to him until Harry - or anyone else capable of it - could stop him...Which meant that Dumbledore's preparations, focused on Voldemort as they had been, had been in a sense useless. It also meant that the grand use Dumbledore had had for Harry, as the child of a prophecy and the instrument of Voldemort's destruction, was nearly purposeless after all... And Dumbledore had been, Harry knew in a way he had not wanted to put into words, fully prepared to sacrifice Harry's life to that cause.At the same time, if the cause did not have the same urgency, if Dumbledore's plan had been, perhaps, disastrously miscalculated... Dumbledore had in the end trusted Harry. He might have intended to make Harry distrust his family by telling him he was a Horcrux immediately, but it hadn't worked, and Harry did not know for sure that was Dumbledore's reason why. He had equipped Harry with the best tools for hunting Horcruxes he could have, and he had trusted Harry with increasing amounts of information, and the castle itself, when Harry proved capable of speaking to the enchantments...Harry did not know how to feel, except that he could never look at Dumbledore as infallible again, but he certainly could not bring himself to hate the man.All in all it was just as well that Hermione was dominating the conversation and Harry had time to think without ignoring anyone. She had relaxed a great deal under attention, and seemed to actually enjoy it, now, instead of rushing through her message or pompously, anxiously fussing. Ron was watching her with an expression that made Harry desperately hope he wasn't going to try to ask her out again - she hadn't mentioned dating Sotero yet, probably because there were so many people around... Maybe he could set Ron up with somebody else, Harry thought, half-hopefully.Dinner that night was strange. People dashed across the house tables to check on friends and cousins, or to catch up on gossip. Harry had become accustomed to eating in mixed house groups, but tonight nearly every knot of conversation was mixed, and people did not sit down for long but constantly changed place. There was an atmosphere of whispers and hidden glances. A particularly large amount of both were directed at Hermione, although Harry, too, was subject to stares and whispers.The next morning, notices appeared in all of the common rooms announcing optional Apparition lessons for a fee, open to all those who would be at least seventeen by the thirty-first of August. To his surprise, Hermione declined to sign her name: "Aunt Cassie taught me," she said, quietly, looking slightly embarrassed. "I was going to schedule my test over the holidays but I honestly forgot, with everything happening... I'll have to see about doing it over Easter."The rest of their year had not yet mastered Apparition, and signed their names eagerly. Parvati had overheard Hermione saying she had already learned, and Harry admitted that he had been taken Side-Along frequently, so they were pestered for descriptions of the process throughout breakfast. The fact that they agreed Apparition was extremely unpleasant, if convenient, discouraged absolutely no one.Monday morning, Harry and Ron lingered at breakfast while Hermione joined Draco and Daphne and Tracey from the Slytherin table to go to Alchemy first period. They were just discussing who Ron should approach among the staff about starting a chess club up when Cho came over. "Harry?" she said, frowning, "Can I talk to you?""Sure," Harry said, stomach leaping into his throat, "What's wrong?""It's not us," Cho said, taking his hand."Has another student been attacked?" Harry asked.Cho pulled him from the Great Hall, shaking her head, but she didn't elaborate until they had found an empty classroom. "It's Hannah Abbott," she said. "She... asked me to ask you something on her behalf, about Draco Malfoy.""What?" Harry said, baffled, then, "Wait, are they still together? I didn't seem them together at all last term.""Apparently," said Cho, an awkward expression on her face. "So... I don't know if..." She put a hand to her face. "I know that teenage boys in general talk about sex with your friends, but I really don't get the impression that you do.""Er," said Harry, intelligently."Which right now might be a problem. Hannah says that Draco gets mad and storms off half the time if she tries to kiss him. She was looking forward to meeting again because, I guess, they were writing over holidays and it got pretty graphic, but apparently they were in private last night and it didn't go well and he ended up shouting at her and storming off without his shirt. She's tired of it and she wants to know what's going on and if she's doing something wrong." Cho sighed huffily. "So I have been asked to ask you to ask Draco, because her directly trying to make him talk about it isn't working him.""Right," said Harry, "I'll, er, tell him," he said, and immediately regretted it.There was not enough time to address a subject like this over break, and Harry had no opportunity to pull Draco off during lunch, but after third period Defense, he managed to track Draco down studying with Daphne in the library. He wished profoundly that he was not doing it, but in the spirit that putting it off would only make things worse, he asked Draco to come and talk to him in private.Cho was right. It would have been easier if Harry had actually been in the habit of talking to his friends about girls, but Ron alternated between being passionately interested in specific girls like Lavender and barely acknowledging the subject existed, and Harry and Draco did not have this sort of friendship. Harry wished he had asked Daphne, who seemed to understand Draco the best, but adding a third intermediary to this probably wouldn't have helped."What's wrong?" Draco asked, frowning at him. "You look like you swallowed something terrible. Are you ill? If you vomit, don't do it on me, all right?"Draco being terrible was surprisingly helpful. Harry took a breath. "Look," he said, "This is a message I'm delivering for your girlfriend, so in the future, I'd appreciate if you talked to her directly instead of her asking my girlfriend to ask me to ask you.""Oh, Merlin," said Draco."According to Cho," Harry pushed on, "Hannah says that you get mad half the time when she tries to kiss you, and you had some sort of argument last night I don't want to know about, but she wants to know if she's doing something in particular wrong, or if not, what's happening.""This conversation is not happening," said Draco."I wish," said Harry."Right. Thank you for delivering the message," Draco said, recovering his poise. "I'll talk to Hannah about that. Goodbye," he said, and left.Harry was not all that surprised to hear at breakfast the next morning that Draco and Hannah had split up.

Their first week back was rapidly filled with endless homework. It was as though their teachers had all woken on the first day of class in January, suddenly realized that the sixth years' N.E.W.T. exams were only a year and a half away, and resolved to triple their work loads. Wardcraft, which Harry had been looking forward to, proved to be as grueling as their other classes that week. Professor Wang handed back their holiday homework with copious red-inked commentary on each plan, and while Harry's was not as brutally criticized as some, she had listed some five or six additional books he needed to consult for his revisions and crossed out a large section of Arithmantic analysis entirely with only the cryptic comment "redo." Harry sighed. Professor McGonagall had also assigned a very tricky Transfiguration essay yesterday, and his Charms and Defense homework for Monday was now due very near in the future.Those sixth years who were not taking Herbology trooped off to spend fourth period in the library, their common rooms, or various other more private study spots. Hermione was as distracted as ever, and as likely to be working on "private" study for Aunt Cassie as her actual work. Ron, unusually, said he had a meeting with one of the teachers about restarting the Hogwarts Chess Club when Harry turned to ask if he'd gotten started on the Transfiguration essay, so Harry resigned himself to struggling to make an attempt at it himself, or alternatively starting on his Wardcraft project. Belatedly, it occurred to him that Daphne got good grades and might be able to help him, so he excused himself and went to see if she was in the library before going up to check Daphne and Tracey's bedroom.When he reached the library and looked around, however, he didn't find Daphne: he spotted Cho.Harry froze in the space between stacks when he saw her, sitting in one of the study niches by the library wall. It had not actually occurred to him that he hadn't spoken to Cho since the train ride, and they hadn't been able to talk. She had seemed happy enough to sit next to him, then, but he still had yet to discuss the truce with her... Of course she had her N.E.W.T.s coming up this year and must be even busier than him... Just now she had her head down and was writing rapidly on a fresh sheet of parchment, surrounded by Defense reference books. A grubbier piece of parchment with numerous crossed out and changed pieces sat next to her, obviously bearing an earlier draft. Harry thought about leaving her to work, but then she started to lift her head and he knew he had better say something."Cho?" he said, moving forward as she looked up.She jumped as though he had frightened her. "Harry!" she said, quietly, and, "Sit down - let me move all this--""It's okay if you're busy," Harry said, going over anyway and helping her restack the Defense books so they no longer consumed the entire desk. The study niche she was using had space for two, just barely, and Harry carefully took up the seat next to her on the bench, pressing their legs together and stowing his bag on the floor. "I haven't seen you this week, I bet the teachers are giving you even more work than us...""It's all pretty bad from Christmas sixth year on," Cho said distractedly and rubbed her face. There was black ink smeared across her knuckles from writing, and it made a mark from her cheek to her ear.A sudden rush of affection came on Harry at the sight, and he laughed and fumbled for his wand. "You have ink--" he said, and, "Tergeo," when she didn't pull away."Oh!" She blushed instead and looked at her hand. "I'm sorry--""Why are you apologizing?" said Harry, mystified, and charmed her hand clean, too, while his wand was out. She held it out uncertainly and he took it and, mirroring a gesture he had seen Sirius and the other Blacks make numerous times, kissed Cho's fingers."Oh," Cho said again, and "Listen, I don't know if we can talk here, maybe we should move..."Harry glanced around and verified Madam Pince was nowhere near to see them, then cast Muffliato. "No one should overhear us now, unless we're really loud," Harry said. "So... Look, about the truce, and um, Bellatrix...""I was wondering if anyone had actually - explained what that meant to you," said Cho, and then looked very embarrassed. "Not that you're a child - I just know you're not very...""I don't have a clue what I'm doing, you mean," Harry said, which was true enough, and went to get out his own writing supplies to give himself a minute to think. "I talked to Dillena about it after, but she didn't really warn me. I'd told her - before the negotiations - that I didn't want us to end up rounding up the Death Eaters and you know...""Killing them like they killed us," Cho said.He couldn't tell what she thought of this, but it was true, so he forged on. "Yeah. Or bringing the dementors back. I mean, that's how I ended up with Sirius locked up for ages, isn't it?" Cho looked slightly more understanding at this. "I don't think - we couldn't actually kill everyone who'd helped them at all, the country would fall apart... But I didn't know Dillena was going to ask for, um, me to adopt Bellatrix Lestrange's baby. I barely knew people did that at all before it happened.""I thought you probably didn't know," Cho said and sighed. "Is Dillena - going to be making a lot of decisions like that when you inherit?""I mean, I really don't know what I'm doing so I'm going to have to have her around to help," Harry said. "But she's legally a McDougall still, not a Potter, it's not like she'll be Head, she's just an appointee."He wasn't sure this had answered Cho's question in any way, but she nodded and said, "But - if we... You know I'm graduating this year, Harry.""Yeah," Harry said, confused."So - you'll be seventeen. It's not... A lot of families in this kind of position would have us get married this summer so there'd be a chance of me having children while you finished school, you know, and there is going to be a baby...""Er," said Harry, thoughts flying in several directions at once, "I mean, we're letting Bellatrix take care of it while it's too young to be weaned - I mean, unless she does something, but she's sort of Sirius's responsibility too, and it's not like there is anyone else to raise it really. And - I sort of thought we hadn't agreed on marriage," he said, unable to come up with any tactful way of putting this but utterly confused.This time Cho looked frozen, face scarlet again. She stared at him in perfect silence for a moment, and he knew he had said something wrong, but he still didn't know what. "I'm not saying I'm not marrying you," he said, rapidly, feeling as though the conversation had gone utterly out of control in an instant, "I just know you kept saying you didn't want to be engaged. What's going on? You said it yourself that I don't know what I'm doing, so help me out."Cho bit her lip and nodded at that, looking down so that her silky hair fell over her shoulder and screened her face. Harry still felt like she might storm off or burst into tears, and felt even more unbalanced by it, because they usually got on very amicably. But after a while she said, lowly, "No, you're right. I didn't explain and I should have realized... I just assumed when we started..." She made a vague gesture that Harry could not interpret then said suddenly, clearly, "Oh, Merlin, Harry, I'm doing the same thing I'm always scared of you doing, or my parents, I kept thinking about it like it was just my decision and you'd obviously wait for me to make up my mind.""Well, have you decided what you want, then?" Harry asked.Cho was quiet for a moment. She picked up the half-finished clean copy of her essay and stared at it as though she had never seen it before. Then she said, "I'm graduating this year. I don't have to get married. I mean - when I went home last summer I had all these near-fights with my family about us not being engaged and whether I wanted them to look into someone else or wait for you because I wouldn't say one or the other, and eventually my cousin whose girlfriend is studying to be an engineer took me out into muggle London, over Christmas holidays."He bought me lunch, and he said to me - he said that there's a Ministry program to help people who want muggle qualifications or need them for whatever job they're doing transfer to do muggle A Levels, and with those you can get into uni on the other side. And he said that he knew things were really hard for witches who don't get married - honestly, in some ways it's worse for purebloods because everyone assumes that's what we're for - not that I am technically - but it's like you, the name is enough. And he'd gotten my father to sign the permission form for me if I wanted to do that after school, and he said I could stay with his girlfriend, she'd agreed to it, if things were too hard at home, because he wanted me to have options - and not just if I didn't want to get married at eighteen, but also if I wanted to get away from the war.""Er - I guess you decided not to, then?" said Harry."Yeah. I'm glad he did, though, because I realized then that I hadn't believed I had a choice." Cho shrugged. "I just had to fight marriage as hard as I could because giving any ground was giving up. But once he did that I could think. I asked if they'd let me stay with them over the weekend, and I did, and I read a bunch of muggle career literature about what you can do with a university degree and thought about it... I'd have to go back to school and work very hard in subjects I've never formally studied and totally relearn how to write an essay or do maths, but people do. Even muggles do, I have some muggle cousins who went to uni in other countries away from China as international students and they had to relearn a ton of stuff, just because different countries have different school systems..."Harry, who had never been allowed to choose so much as his lunch before Hogwarts, had absolutely no experience of this, but he made an agreeable noise.Cho half-smiled, looking up at him. "Sorry, I'm going on, aren't I?" She pulled her hair back into a ponytail as she talked. "So I thought about that and I realized I could do it, and then it was like I could think again, I hadn't realized how scared I was until I wasn't anymore. It's not just about getting marriage, and kids, and whether you want them, you know? It's about -  your third cousin who you know gets hit by her mother-in-law or your best friend who got pulled from school to get married and is never allowed to get lunch with you to catch up over holidays anymore, or your grandmother who lost her kids when she got divorced young... All of that stuff. And I trust you, Harry," she said intently, dropping her hair to take his hands in hers, "I really do, but so do half my friends who got married.""I--" Harry said, "I mean, thank you. For trusting me. But you shouldn't have to.""Yeah, exactly. But I know now that I could leave, if I wanted to, and that makes a big difference. And I realized I didn't want to leave." Cho shrugged. "I mean, some of the stuff muggles study is very interesting and I got some library books to take back with me, but I love magic, and I love flying, and I love the subjects I've spent my whole life learning even if I'm not actually going to apply to the Auror Corps with them. And - this was back before the peace treaty - I didn't want to run away, either, when Britain needs all the people it can get. Plus I didn't want to do that to Xiulan - leave her stuck with me ruining our reputation. So I want to stay, and I want to do what I can for us politically... and I didn't want to leave you, either, Harry.""Thank you," said Harry, and leaned over to kiss her. They pressed together for a violent and intense moment, almost desperate, and then Cho pulled back, laughing; "If Madam Pince walks by she'll see and throw us out, we have to go if we're going to do that," she said, giggling, and Harry, flushing, agreed."Anyway," Cho said, brisker, "I needed to talk to you about the truce - because that happened right after all of this, and there hasn't been time, and honestly, I was scared of what you'd say - that you hadn't realized you should talk to me about the thing with, um, Bellatrix and You-Know-Who's baby." She made a face at this. "You're doing a blood adoption, right?""Yeah, er, the treaty terms were me replacing Voldemort's... genes," said Harry, who still had no idea how to feel about any of this. "It's still going to be Bellatrix's child, though. Partly because that's supposed to help bind her to the truce, I think."Cho hesitated, and said, "You can do three parent paternity potions, I know. I don't... expect to do it now, but later, when we get married...""You mean, could we add you?" Harry said. "I mean, I'll have to talk to them about whether it's possible and fits in the truce terms, but... It makes sense." If he did marry Cho it would be right for the child he still didn't quite believe in to be hers, too... And for the first time he found himself imagining the baby not as an abstract and unexpected task for him to deal with but as a real child, a living child who would be his, not very far into the future. He didn't have to actually take care of it by himself, but in very few years he would be responsible for it in some sense... and he thought, painfully, of the Burrow he hadn't visited since the summer before fourth year. The subsequent difficulties with Mrs. Weasley made the memories bittersweet, but he missed it, the same way he missed the idea of his parents. It had been like having his own family.He took Cho's hand under the desk and said, "I don't know what's going to happen in the next year, but... I do want to stay with you, and I think I want to marry you.""Good," Cho said, then laughed. "Because that was the other thing I was going to say. I'm - sort of superfluous, I have a choice about getting married, but you...""Don't," Harry said, and sighed. "Yeah. You know, up until now I don't think it really sank in that the war's over and I'm actually alive at the end of it. I didn't expect that one.""Harry," Cho said, and hugged him so tightly it hurt.They did eventually get around to doing homework. Now that Hermione was occupied, Harry wondered why it hadn't occurred to him to ask Cho for help sooner, when she had already completed all of his classes a year before and, unlike Hermione, knew what it was like to struggle occasionally. They also discussed the need for a DA meeting to discuss the outcome of negotiations and the concessions made to the DA itself. With the addition of Apparition lessons Saturday morning for sixth years, Quidditch scheduling would be even more complicated next month, and Harry was grateful that at least for January that complication was not yet in effect. It was not too difficult to come up with a meeting time he and Cho thought would work between their knowledge of other students' extracurriculars, and Harry wrote up a notice quickly to forward to Jason Cauldwell, the DA Herald.Sunday evening, after nightfall but before curfew, the DA gathered again in the Room of Requirement. The room was noisy and chaotic, with people from different houses and years still catching up with one another after the holidays and a festive atmosphere in comparison with the grim tone of their meetings and the school at large before Christmas. Hermione had moderate difficulty calling the meeting to order. She finally had to hop on the table at the front of her room, tap her fingers to her throat to magnify her voice, and call for order three times to get the room to quiet."Okay," Harry said after casting his own charm, "Thanks, Hermione. I'm glad to see everyone back after Christmas--" He skimmed the room to be sure this was true, but there had been relatively little Death Eater activity between the beginning of Christmas break and the truce, and they had not suffered any new losses, thank Merlin. "Obviously, we need to talk about what we're going to do now, whether to continue the DA in general, and the voice the students are supposed to have now on the Board.""About that," said Susan Bones, standing. "My Dad's on the Board of Governors. He asked me to tell the DA that we're invited to the first meeting of the Board, once they actually fill it out again - they lost about half of the members to the truce preventing Death Eaters from holding political positions, and the process for approval's effed up because every other government office lost people, too. So it might not be until June, but we should figure out who we're sending."This started up a lively argument. There was the issue of whether DA members should be send to represent the student to the Board, or if the DA itself was disbanding they should somehow select students from Hogwarts in general, or if they should do that either way. Some people wanted the DA to continue, either because they were afraid of more retaliation and fighting between students or, in many cases, because the DA provided them with friends and a certain credit for being cool among the student body, although no one said this openly. Others wanted their free time back, or had concerns about breaking the truce. Harry himself badly wanted to no longer be responsible for stopping everyone who had volunteered to patrol from abusing the carte blanche the teachers had given them. And a few members who hadn't been able to make the meeting in December were angry about the decisions the DA had voted on at the time, or the decisions Harry had made negotiating for them.Finally, after three hours, they were able to come to a resolution: the DA would continue to meet on a monthly basis to monitor the situation at school but stop active patrols pending more problems, and they would discuss the issue of representing the students to the Board when they had an estimated meeting time and knew if it was going to come up soon or in a year's time. These measures were approved by three quarters of the DA.

In fact, the treaty was tested before January was over, though not by the DA. The following week another mass murder was announced in the Daily Prophet - this time targeting the family of one of the Death Eater commanders who had participated in negotiating the treaty, although the specific identity of those involved was not released.There was a great deal of panic among the students in the following days, and it was not easy to determine who was afraid because their family might be consider traitors by Voldemort and who was afraid of the war re-starting if the treaty fell through, or that Voldemort would soon go back to his usual targets. There were rumors that Voldemort was now recruiting from populations not bound by the truce, such as overseas, and of course, certain components of his followers like Greyback had walked away and might have convinced him to take them back. Harry felt a grim resolution settle over him, again. The war might have ended at least temporarily, and the truce might be holding for now, but as long as Voldemort was out there, he would be a danger, and the war would wait in the wings to restart - and Harry was still responsible for his death.On the last Friday in January, Harry received a letter from Dillena he had almost forgotten he was waiting for: a list of the rare books that Fudge's brother-in-law Mockridge had sold from the personal belongings of Lily and James Potter, recovered from Godric's Hollow after the explosion.Unfortunately, although he went and got Hermione to help him look them up, it was immediately apparent that checking up on this list was going to be difficult. About half of it was available in the Hogwarts library, albeit mostly in the Restricted Section, and Hermione could check these books out. But, although Harry carefully tried the book code decryption charm on each book along with his mother's final notebook, none of them proved to produce comprehensible messages."We can call home and check if any of these are in the Black library," Hermione said, "Or I can ask Sotero about the Lestranges' collection - or Aunt Cassie will probably at least be able to borrow copies from her friends.""Go ahead and ask for me," Harry said, grinning, knowing how much Hermione would love to have an excuse to ask after any rare books.That night, however, he sat up behind his bed curtains, paging slowly through the journal between coded and plain text sections, and thought about it. Hermione had called on Aunt Cassie and Sotero, and had been able to determine they had access to several more books in the library, albeit not until they went home or Hogsmeade visits resumed. (There had been discussion of this up until the killing of the Death Eater commander's family.) But as Aunt Cassie had suggested, his mother would probably want the rarest book used as her code, and a few of them, Aunt Cassie was not sure had more than one copy in existence... And while Aunt Cassiopeia would allow them to use banned books, Harry did not want to wait, and he knew that she would not want to risk her collection by attempting to smuggle rare illegal books into Hogwarts.He looked at the mirror sitting next to him on the bed and allowed the thought he had been struggling with for some time to fully emerge. There was one adult who was desperate for his favor, as strange and uncomfortable a thought that was... An adult who had extensive Dark contacts and access to many libraries, and very few qualms about legality... And Harry knew that she had a communication mirror, even if he had never spoken to her through it...Barely daring to breathe, Harry picked up the mirror, set it on his knees, and said, "Bellatrix Black Lestrange."Sooner than he had dared imagine, his reflection flickered in the mirror. The surface rippled, and Harry's face surrounded by the scarlet hangings was replaced.Bellatrix had the same haughty good looks as ever, but for the first time Harry had seen, she was not wearing dark, plain robes. The face gazing back at him was framed by hair piled messily up and secured, apparently, with two of the magically-strengthened graphite sticks wizards used for drawing, and a simple, draw-string neckline on her shirt that was a sign of magically tailored underwear. The mirror, tilted upward, revealed a faded flowering border in the room's wallpaper and not much else."Mr. Potter," Bellatrix said, eyebrows raising high. "Well. What can I do for you?""Er," said Harry, wondering why he had thought this was a good idea."Good start," Bellatrix said, lightly. "I can go back to reading if you like, let you work up to it without the pressure."This could have been a very nasty comment, but she said it with good humor, somehow, so that she did not seem to be mocking him particularly. Harry took a deep breath and said, "Look, I'm trying to decrypt something of my mother's and I need access to the books she had when she died, only Mockridge - the Potter administrator - sold a lot of the personal property.""And there's something that wasn't in the Black library?" Bellatrix said, interested."There are a few--" Harry said, and read the titles out loud, hoping he was not making a terrible mistake."Ah. There's only one copy of the book on comparative soul studies in existence as far as I know, there weren't all that many made in the first place and the Ministry went to a lot of effort to burn them. I wonder how Lily Evans got a hold of it? No, I can find out where it is, if someone bought it off Mockridge in the eighties it can't be that far lost. I've actually got the one on ritual death myself, so that one's easy, and there are five or six of that Compendium floating around so I should be able to get my hands on one," Bellatrix said at once, before he even got as far as his request. "As for delivery - no Hogsmeade visits for the moment, I'm afraid, so that's out. Hm. Are they still searching the mail? --Silly question, they won't tell students that, I can find out. I'll let you know if I need you to do anything special but I should be able to send them to you soon enough."Harry opened his mouth, closed it, and opened it again to say, "Aren't you supposed to be out of political power?""Officially," Bellatrix said, and shrugged. "No, don't worry, I'm bound by vow not to aid the Dark Lord, aren't I?""You're very happy to help, now.""You're the legal guardian of the child who's going to be out of me this spring," Bellatrix said, eyes flattening. "Anyway it's something to do. I'll let you know what I find out, shall I? Goodnight."Harry was left feeling slightly shell-shocked, but then considering everything else he knew Bellatrix Lestrange had done, she would probably be able to follow through.

The next day, the sixth years were seated around the table underneath Aunt Cassiopeia's portrait near the Restricted Section in the library. They were doing homework, aside from Hermione, who was taking an hour off of her work for once to write to Sotero. Harry was staring wistfully towards the doorway of the library, through which he could just glimpse the windows in the corridor and the snow outside, and thinking about how soon Quidditch season would begin and give him a valid excuse to do something besides studying occasionally. He half-heard heard Ron talking to Aunt Cassiopeia's portrait: "So, obviously it works for me, but I still don't get why.""Why can Harry speak Parseltongue?" said the portrait, drawing more of Harry's attention."But I don't just have visions. I mean, Professor Trelawney is a fraud - mostly a fraud - but I've heard about real Seers.""It might be better to ask, why are you on the Quidditch team when Hermione would not be successful lapping the stadium at a moderately fast pace on a broom? Seeing the future is the most difficult and rarest of Divinatory talents, but they are all of a piece in that they require aptitude in a way that is not well understood. When you learn the forms and theory - the actual forms and theory - that raw aptitude becomes usable, but some people will never be able to See anything but the simplest options. You might also think of it as excelling in different areas. Hermione's inability to See may be related to her ease at accessing other universes entirely, which means any information she scries will be unreliable even of the past or present, because she can't easily restrain herself to this reality, where you are solidly present.""...Right," said Ron, looking like he had only half-understood this explanation."So you're still doing practical stuff for Divination?" said Harry."Some," Ron said, "I'm hoping there's a better examiner for N.E.W.T. levels..." He made a face and, after glancing warily over to make sure she wasn't listening said, "I sound like Hermione.""What, you don't want to spend an entire practical describing how bald the examiner is again?" Harry said, grinning. Then he frowned and said, "So - you can scry the present, right?""Yeah, but it's easier the simpler the information is," Ron said. "Like, if you lost your broom and wanted to know where it was I could probably do that, especially if it was still in Hogwarts, but figuring out - I dunno - how to defeat Voldemort, we might get an answer but it probably wouldn't help.""But - if I asked you to find the key to the code in my mother's journals, and I just wanted to know if it was a book from a list of titles...""Yeah, I could probably do that," said Ron, frowning. "Let me look at my notes."They had to get Hermione to help once Ron found an appropriate rite, because it involved ancient runes and a diagram that was beyond Harry and Ron's abilities with Arithmancy and language at the moment. But Hermione was readily willing to help once Harry explained how he hoped Ron could help him figure out which of the list of books would decrypt his mother's journals.(He did not mention he had asked Bellatrix for assistance finding the books on the list already. Even if Hermione was a lot more easy-going about laws on censorship than school rules, he knew that Hermione would say smuggling illegal books into Hogwarts only because he was impatient was ridiculous. He had asked Bellatrix precisely because she was the one adult who could probably do what he wanted and would care more about ingratiating herself to him than whether it was actually a good idea.)In the Room of Requirement, where they could easily avoid witnesses, Hermione carefully measured angles and wrote the correct formula for the diagram on the floor in chalk. Then she gave the chalk to Ron, who took a deep breath and copied the list of titles Harry had given him, containing the books that they knew had been in his mother's possession which still might be the key."The difference," Hermione said, watching Harry watch Ron, "Between this and Professor Trelawney's class is that Professor Trelawney doesn't want to do any work. She just thinks everything should come naturally, the way it has to her maybe three or four times in her life... And if she did this sort of thing she'd have to confine herself to the information you can actually find this way...""Not very impressive, is it?" Ron agreed with a queasy smile. "Anyway, I could show you a certain place in a mirror again if we were looking for it, or a certain person, but for information..." He took a small object from his pocket, tangled in string, and unraveled the knots slowly. It turned out to contain a small bronze pendant. There was writing on it, too small for Harry to make out. "Bill got it for me, when he found out how I was doing," Ron said, and sat back on his heels. He dangled the pendulum over the list and held his hand still until it was perfectly even, then recited a complicated formula three times, each time faster and louder, until the pendulum began to move. It swung back at first, then forward, hovering uncertainly, then stopped, mid-air, in defiance of gravity, directly above the title, Soul Magic in Countries of the World - the very book Bellatrix had said was the only copy in existence.

Harry called Bellatrix and told her about the ritual Ron had done to identify the book he needed, and its results, which she digested with little comment. He was relieved that knowing it was the rarest book on the list he needed had not discouraged her. In the meantime there was nothing to do but wait, and focus on schoolwork. Potions, normally much less unpleasant than usual this year, had become fiendishly tricky with the introduction of a unit on brewing antidotes to multiple poisons, which required arithmantic calculation and analysis charms in the classroom. Apparition was also turning to to be deeply frustrating, and the only excitement after a month of lessons was the horrible if temporary splinching of several students, including Susan Bones. Quidditch season began despite terrible weather. The deep snow of winter had been changed only by the addition of a constant violent wind. Harry was just as glad that Gryffindor would not play until March, although this only bought them about two weeks of leeway. Cho, who was trying to get her team in shape to play the fouler than ever Slytherin team, came back from long practices nearly numb with exhaustion and cold. Harry took to smuggling her into Gryffindor after her teams' practices regularly to help warm her up in his dorm, or sneaking up to Ravenclaw with her, where her cat Viviane could be enlisted to drape over her shoulders and help. She went home over the first weekend in February for her family's new year celebrations, and while Harry had sent her a Christmas gift a few months ago, he sent a package of candy to her in the Great Hall with Hedwig the Friday morning before she left.Meanwhile, the Gryffindor team had also begun to practice again, if on a less grueling schedule. On the one hand, Harry had more time than last autumn now that the DA had ended patrols and Hogwarts was more or less as safe as it ever had been. He also had received the practice Snitch he had not dared ask for for Christmas anyway (apparently Ron had convinced Hermione to mention it to Sirius, having seen Harry lingering over the Quality Quidditch Supplies mail order catalog). He therefore was able to train Lily as reserve seeker with a real Snitch, and to give the rest of the team practice with the aspects of a real game that were hard to otherwise mimic - including ignoring the Snitch itself, withstanding Seekers chasing it, and anticipating the sudden end of the game. Harry also had the amusement of telling a playfully sulking Cho that they could practice with it over the summer when she had graduated but he wasn't going to fly with her and a practice Snitch while she captained a rival team.On the other hand, captaining the Gryffindor Quidditch team again meant Harry became aware of a nasty argument going on under his nose between several of his friends - one that was soon a hazard during practice. Apparently at some point over December, when Harry had had his hands full trying to stop students from interfering in any activity they disliked by any person who annoyed them under the excuse of patrolling, Ron had walked in on Ginny kissing someone. (Ginny had not wanted to tell Harry who, explaining this.)Harry, personally, would probably have walked back out immediately, but Ron had instead blown up at his sister for sneaking around with boys. Ginny had not been impressed, and admitted she had been slightly hasty in her choice of spells. Making matters worse, Demelza, who had been near-surgically attached to Ginny for months, had been nearby and had apparently tried to stop the fight and been hexed. As a result, Ginny and Ron were not speaking, Ron was guiltily embarrassed every time he looked at Demelza, and Demelza was terrified of Ron. Harry was slightly amazed he had missed all of this happening, but he had been very distracted at the time, and had not realized that Ron had never spoken directly to or been near Ginny or Demelza in the very large DA meetings. Given that Ron was Keeper and Ginny and Demelza were Chasers, the argument was a nontrivial problem. Demelza did not seem to actually be holding a grudge, but she was so nervous around Ron she could not take passes from him without flinching, and once nearly fell off her broom. Ginny was livid, and made more livid every time Demelza flinched, which only made Demelza guiltier and Ron more embarrassed - and an embarrassed Ron often ended up shouting over anything he had available to take as a grievance.Harry was exhausted by only one or two practices of this. He did not want to take Demelza off the starting team, but he could not see how she would be able to play with Ron around. After the second practice of the term, he had to take Ron aside and tell him that if he kept up fighting with Ginny, Harry would have to switch out either one Keeper or two Chasers from the reserve team, and there was no question which would be better for their chances. This meant Ron was curt to him for several days, and totally silent at practice, but at least the team's performance was better.The weekend before the Ravenclaw-Slytherin Quidditch match, Harry came into the Great Hall Sunday morning to a hushed hall, full of newspapers. Stomach turning over, he hurried to the table to look over Hermione's copy. For once, she was not buried in a grimoire or taking frantic notes, but reading the paper, face anxiously pale. As Harry sat down, she handed him the front page, which she had already discarded, and he read, SECOND ATTACK BY YOU-KNOW-WHO, FOREIGN SOLDIERS PRESENT; LESTRANGE CURSED BY RITE.The truce had not actually been broken by the commanders. Rather, Harry saw, skimming the article, someone who had signed it had agreed to help Voldemort with the attack, and consequently Bellatrix had been cursed and had ten days to resolve the issue. Fortunately, the rite also identified the specific truce-breaker, and the Ministry was said to be hard at work tracking down the culprit.Harry hesitated, deciding whether to contact anyone by the mirror, but Hermione interrupted to say, "I called Aunt Cassie on our mirrors when I saw the headline this morning. She said Bellatrix is working on tracking the truce breaker - it was one of the Crabbes, so Irma's blood was available to do it. They think she'll find him in time.""Are they going to execute him once he's found?""The Ministry demanded it, since it was in the truce," Hermione said, looking undecided."Should she be doing that?" Harry asked, and when Hermione gave him a baffled look, he said, "She's what, seven or eight months pregnant?"Hermione sighed. "I suppose, but it's better than the curse killing her... And most likely the family is helping, but it's better for the truce's image if Bellatrix is said to be handling it herself. Who knows if this is true, or just what Minister Bones asked the Prophet to print?" she said, casting the newspaper a disgusted look. Then she shoved the whole thing aside and went back to the book she had temporarily relegated to her lap, breakfast apparently forgotten completely.Harry wondered when Amelia had gone back to being Minister Bones for Hermione, but he knew from the look on Hermione's face attempting conversation would be useless. Three days later, the Prophet headlined the information that Bellatrix Lestrange had caught the spy and executed him on behalf of the Crabbe Honor Court in the wake of a legal challenge led by several Houses over the Ministry's authority to execute prisoners directly. The school buzzed with rumor again. No one was sure what this was going to do to the war. The Death Eater families were uncertain how to feel about one of their number being executed by Bellatrix for colluding in the murder of another. The students whose families had always opposed Voldemort were torn between a certain vicious glee in Death Eaters turning on each other and the simple fact that it was difficult to really cheer news of Bellatrix Lestrange killing somebody else, even if the peace was, apparently, holding and the curse had dissolved again.Neville in particular was upset. He was not taking N.E.W.T. Transfiguration or Wardcraft, so Harry wouldn't have seen him in classes Thursday or Friday anyway. But the sixth year Gryffindors usually ran across each other at some point in the library or common room studying, and Neville was not one to hide in lonely spots in the castle to work when the weather did not allow him to be outdoors. Nevertheless Harry did not see him at all for the next two days until he became concerned Friday night and cautiously went up to the dorms immediately after his afternoon class. The curtains around Neville's bed were drawn, as they usually had been since breakfast Thursday. Harry cautiously called, "Neville? Are you there?"There was a long silence, and Harry was beginning to feel rather stupid, and wondering if Neville was in fact somewhere else in the castle studying. Then the curtain was twitched back cautiously and Neville said thickly from within, "I'm here, Harry."Harry hesitantly went over to sit down on Dean's bed, which was next to Neville. "Are you," he began uncertainly, thinking rather guiltily that he had been talking to Bellatrix himself in this dormitory only a few days ago, "Okay?"Neville hiccoughed and shrugged, an indistinct shadowy movement within the curtains. "I just wish people would stop talking about her," he said after a long silence."I'm sorry," Harry said, feeling much worse."I know you and Hermione have to have seen her over holidays," Neville said what felt like a long time later. Harry felt his face flush. "You use her first name, sometimes, and the only other people who do that - in our year - are Malfoy and Greengrass, and I know they're both family. I mean, she's their godmother."Harry had no idea what to say this. Hesitantly, he said, "I'm sorry."Neville hiccoughed again and buried his face in his knees on the bed like a much younger child. He said slowly, "It's how - it's how our society works, you know, Harry? Like I said to you last year about Uncle Algie... If a feud ends, and you try to keep it up, everybody comes down on you, or we just keep killing each other... But..." His voice wavered."How are your parents doing?" Harry said, hoping he was not making a terrible mistake. "They've been home a year now, right?"Neville looked up, face brightening slightly. "Yeah, they have been," he said. "I have to go visit Uncle Niall to see them, but they're doing better. Mum can write, it turns out she pretty much understands people talking and just can't herself, and her handwriting's getting better, they found some spells that help her with it. Dad..." He hesitated. "He's doing better, too. Actually, Harry...""Yeah?" Harry said, feeling an odd mix of horrified and relieved."If you could... ask..." Neville looked down again. "I need to explain some things to you first," he said, slowly. "I told you before that my parents were -- communicating -- at least at the trial, before they spent all those years at St. Mungo's, right?""Yeah," said Harry, who had forgotten this detail and was not sure how to respond to it."Well... Uncle Niall went through their medical records when they came home, and got really mad. St. Mungo's doesn't usually get long term care cases unless there's an active curse that's being removed, you know? Most people are taken care of by their families. So one of the Healers in the department wrote to other countries where they have more long term care and it... looks like he was basically experimenting on them based on what he read in medical journals." Neville swallowed and went on quickly, "But the trouble is that they can't figure out what caused most of the problems. This isn't really a usual Cruciatus side effect, and the new Healers Uncle Niall hired aren't sure if there was some strange reaction to it this time, or if the Lestranges used some other curse on them that St. Mungo's didn't catch right after the war, or if it might be because of the experimental magic the Healer was using, or if - if there was actually a Death Eater plant in St. Mungo's who cursed them again or interfered with their medication off the record, to try to stop them from testifying, because we know the Death Eaters had infiltrated the hospital... So," Neville said as Harry tried to absorb this, "If you think she would tell you - even just because she's worried about the baby - if she knows if anyone else cursed them or poisoned them or something, it would probably help.""I'll ask," said Harry, feeling terrible about confirming that he was speaking to Bellatrix at all, but Neville lifted his head and nodded, eyes blank. Harry resolved to put the question to Bellatrix as soon as he could.As it happened he had an opportunity to ask in person. That Saturday he was called to Professor McGonagall's office and informed that his guardians wanted him to come home for the weekend for House business, and sent to Floo home to Grimmauld Place once he had been given a chance to pack.At home, he was greeted with a hug from Sirius, who looked nevertheless wary. "You don't have to deal with this now if you don't want to," he said."What is it?" Harry asked, straightening his robes. He still was not terribly comfortable traveling by Floo."It's - you read about the attack in the papers? Bellatrix says she got hit by something by Crabbe, and they're worried she might go into labor early. She wants the blood adoption handled now, something about the Arithmancy and the effects - I don't know, I wasn't following all of it, pureblood women tend to be pretty secretive about any magic involving childbirth," said Sirius.The book, Harry thought, but didn't say, and wondered if Bellatrix could possibly have obtained it so quickly. "It's fine," he said, "What do I have to do?"He was shortly ushered up to the lab Aunt Cassiopeia had set up when she and Aunt Margaret moved into Grimmauld Place for the war. They were not quite prepared to move back out, although a number of the house guests had made arrangements to leave over January and the first part of February. Inside, Aunt Cassiopeia was seated at a work table and bent over a notebook, wearing blue jeans and a T shirt, with her hair falling down the back of her chair in a single braid as thick as her fist. Aunt Dru was pacing, wearing her usual elaborate robes, today a purple and gold brocaded set that swirled around her when she turned. Bellatrix leaned over the cauldron set up on a small burner, checking something. Her pregnancy was very obvious under her mottled gray robes, and her hair was put up with her wand.These were the three experts in Dark Arts in the family. Harry closed the door behind him and said, "I'm here.""Thank you, Harry," said Aunt Cassiopeia, although she had not looked up from her notebook. "We need a few drops of your blood, given by your consent and freshly, and that will be all, although I understand Sirius arranged for you to stay overnight unless you want to go back.""Er, that's fine," Harry said, and crossed awkwardly. Druella was the one who went to the work table and took up a needle, asking him to extend his hand and confirm he had come of his own free will. "It's not a problem if I feel, er...""In general it depends on the spell," said Bellatrix, who had straightened from the cauldron and then promptly grabbed the table for support, eyes closed as though she was dizzy. Harry wondered then if the possibility of early labor was real and not just an excuse. "With this specific one, no, you can feel as mixed as you like, you just have to give up the blood knowingly and with the ability to refuse.""Right," said Harry, and extended his hand to let Druella prick his finger. Bellatrix came to find him later, when he was hearing about Saffron's art classes. Her family was still staying at Grimmauld Place, in part because Agrimony warning Bellatrix off Voldemort last summer at the wedding had the potential to make her his personal target now that she had been successful. When Bellatrix opened the door to the drawing room, Saffron immediately abandoned Harry and hurtled over to tell "Aunt Bella" about the lesson instead. Harry could not help staring as Bellatrix hugged the veela child readily and sat down, asking interested questions with much greater patience than he or Hermione had ever managed.When Saffron had finally gone, Harry said, "I knew Sirius liked you, but I didn't realize you were actually good with children, somehow.""I have had a lot of practice," said Bellatrix. She looked at him with a cool, evaluating gaze. "Anyway, Saffron knows - because Agrimony told her - that I helped Agrimony run away when she said she was going to rescue her and her father. She's a little young to understand the nuances of the war, or how much danger I put her mother in, then and before.""Do you actually care about Agrimony?" Harry asked, suddenly furious. "Or was she convenient?""Both," said Bellatrix, and shrugged. "For a long time, I was consumed by hatred for life itself. But eventually the care I had to pretend to have with my subordinates, and the habits I was raised with, made inroads. I'd never have made peace in the seventies, mostly because I wanted to burn the world down with me then, but now...""That's not what you told me before," Harry pointed out."Yes, well, I was lying through my teeth before." Bellatrix smiled at him crookedly. "I wanted - well, I did not exactly expect you to say 'wonderful, I'll join up,' but I wanted to stop you from panicking at the idea of the Dark Lord resurrected, and make you sympathetic enough to hesitate, and I had some idea what you were like from Cissy. I know, it's ridiculous for you to believe me this time, but... I don't see what good I'd get out of telling you the only thing I wanted when I started this war was to hurt everyone in magical Britain - and especially the rest of the nobility - as badly as they'd hurt me, and Andy."The mention of Andromeda blunted the edge of Harry's rage. "She was the sister you were talking about before, wasn't she?" said Harry. "I mean, there was no point making that up - unless you were trying to rub it in about Aunt Narcissa?""Hearing you call her that," said Bellatrix, "Is unutterably bizarre. Yes, I was telling the truth, and I did mean Andy. You have to understand - oh, this will sound like even more of a lie, but the Dark Lord does not actually care about politics.""What?" said Harry."He cares about his scholarship of magic, and he cares about being powerful enough that no one can ever threaten him, and he cares about death. Rather too much about death. But the specifics of the politics were always incidental to making sure no one would ever threaten him, he only needed a goal, something to tell the aristocrats at Hogwarts in his House to make them bow to him. Abraxas - you know who Abraxas Malfoy was? - saw that and used it, before I was even born. He never so much as saw a scrap of a scruple and he knew that purity of blood was about all his family had then. He was the one who recovered the Malfoy fortune from their debts, and they were never possessed of an actual title. So it benefited him to arrange for political benefits to purebloods on that basis, and to weaken the exclusivity of the noble class.  The Dark Lord, when he was Tom Riddle, allowed it because it motivated Abraxas to do all of the annoying social parts for him, and it wasn't like he liked the aristocracy itself. "But when I became involved, he was willing to let me have my head as long as I'd run my own parts of the organization and go on being - oh, you know, intelligent enough to hold his interest for thirty seconds at a time, and beautifully, unobtainably nobleborn in precisely the way that would make everyone else in society angry I'd sleep with him, and never breathe a word of protest about anything he did to me. Which suited me well enough, since what I really wanted was to set the Wizengamot on fire, preferably with as many of the members inside as possible at the time. My family's disgusted horror at my choice of lovers was only a side benefit. And it helped that the man who'd been in charge of the military preparations killed himself a few months after I joined the Dark Lord - not a coincidence, but I didn't arrange it directly. That was Lestrange's uncle, Reinhard. I murdered Lestrange's father as a favor to him, and Reinhard went off the bloody deep end." Bellatrix actually rolled her eyes here. "Not that I don't understand, in a way, but I flatter myself to think that if I hadn't been in Azkaban when Cygnus died I'd have ended my breakdown before I went and killed myself for him if only out of spite."Harry took this in. "Wait," he said, "You murdered Lestrange's father as a favor? I mean, because of the inheritance, or..." Too late, he remembered the newspaper coverage of Lestrange's testimony and furiously regretted asking.Bellatrix shook her head. "Gaidic - that was his name - raped both of his sons, and his wife, and - oh, absolutely anyone else young and pretty in his vicinity who didn't manage to flee the room before being nailed down, as far as I know, no one in the family exactly wants to talk about that now. But it's why they all put up with me marrying Lestrange. They prefer their brides uneducated, chaste, Catholic and about twelve years old. Hermione - you aren't going to try to hex me if I call her that, are you? - is exactly what the elderly relatives left deserve, Sotero couldn't have made a better choice," she said with a deeply malicious satisfaction. Then with a shrug she added, "Sirius told you about Arcturus, he said? Well, when I found out I went off and had a fucking breakdown because I'd terrorized Cygnus into compliance but that was before they tried to kill me over Andy leaving, and I couldn't think how to handle one more thing going wrong in the family. I talked to Lestrange about it, and he suggested I put Arcturus at wand point, show him a memory of a nastier Death Eater hit, and force him into an Unbreakable Vow, since absconding with Sirius and Reggie would just have gotten us all killed and we had no idea how my uncle would take it if I murdered his father outright. Lestrange is a very nice man, actually, he's done nothing bad enough to deserve being married to me, he was forced into service. Except that he did propose, so that's his own fault.""Aren't you gay?" said Harry, who had given up on expecting anything to make sense. "Why are you even still married to him, without your family making you?""Please," said Bellatrix, "The last thing Lestrange wants is to be married to a woman who might expect him to have sex with her. The mistresses are fine, he's got dozens, none of them expect to see him on a given night - or month - so all he has to do is not call for one. If one gets demanding he just pays her off and breaks up with her, and paying her off is strictly optional. I, on the other hand, am beautiful, capable of holding a conversation with him and absolutely never going to want sex with him for his own sake. And then there's the soul bond thing - you know about that? - well, technically I belong to Andy first, but Lestrange and I have been re-grafted onto each other for longer than either of us had our real bonds. His cousin was murdered in front of him for refusing to serve... But you were asking about Andromeda, weren't you, and my political plans? Well, since I originally wanted to kill everyone who forced us into that position, I figured when the ashes were smoking and it was over, I'd give Andy the power to reconstruct the world mostly how she liked, and since the Dark Lord would need a minister to do the actual governing, and Andromeda was the soul mate of one of the three people he liked, that was good enough for him. It does sound pretty crazy in retrospect but if you'd known Andromeda as a teenager you'd see why I thought she'd cooperate. You would not believe how many people lost money on their bets after the truce because it turns out Ted Tonks is not under the Imperius Curse after all - incredible!"That only led towards other things Harry didn't want to think about. "You seemed pretty convinced that you were in love with Voldemort last spring," he said, remembering the eerie light in Bellatrix's eyes. In comparison to then, this Bellatrix seemed almost washed out, pregnancy and all. There was only the odd, sardonic humor in her eyes."I was. I am." Bellatrix shrugged. "I mean, of course he has monstrous flaws but I'm not better, and at the time, I was... Well, I was very young when we met, perhaps not from your perspective, but I was only barely twenty-one, I'd spent the whole summer isolated and starving while my family decided whether to throw me away. I was valuable to him, to a powerful man who hated everyone. He respected me for who I was, what I could do, not my family and not my capacity to bear children. It was like, I don't know, I'd been put into storage in some dark cupboard while they debated if I was even worth keeping, and he opened the door, and showed me light again... And all he ever asked for was my complete and total obedience, which, by the way, I was raised to provide to my family and my future husband instead. The terrible things he asked me to do - murdering people, and so on - were all things I was taught to do by my family, when I was a child."And you know, Narcissa grew up was the war was starting and things were more polarized, so if you've spoken to her you'll know her education was different. But I wasn't even taught blood purity was true, I was taught that oh, we're more powerful and wealthy and it's your job to maintain it when you grow up and inherit, Bellatrix, so we can go on being the killers instead of the killed. The first time I killed someone I was eight years old. My uncle put a knife into my hands and showed me how to slit the sacrifice's throat." Somehow the dispassionate term, 'the sacrifice,' was the most disturbing thing Bellatrix had said, and Harry flinched.Bellatrix looked up at it, and sighed. "I'm getting off track, aren't I? I'm not trying to justify myself to you, I know it's unjustifiable, but since you asked... It seemed like the most obvious thing in the world that I'd rather obey the Dark Lord than my family. And I do think he loved me, even if he didn't exactly know how one shows it... But it never even occurred to me to question serving him for... years, until I'd gone so far turning back was unimaginable, but the reasons kept piling up, until they were too much. I can't give you a clearer explanation than that.""I understand," said Harry falteringly, although he wasn't sure he did. But he remembered long ago when he had been grateful that it was Hagrid who had taken him from the Dursleys and not someone like Voldemort, so maybe he did understand."So," said Bellatrix, exhaling heavily, "The book." And she took a parcel from her robe. "Don't open it, those bindings are meant to muffle magic so it won't set off any sensors Professor McGonagall has on her Floo. This is the one you asked for, but if it doesn't work just let me know and I'll find the others.""Where was it?" Harry asked, taking the parcel carefully."Oh, I had a chat with the man in charge of the auction house Mockridge used, whose cousin was one of my strike team," Bellatrix said carelessly, "And he let me go through the book sale records to find the Potter estate. So I identified the buyer, and fortunately it happened that it was another cousin, actually, one of the Rosiers. Mother let me know what the best bribe would be and I arranged to trade for the thing. I had to tell her, by the way, but she's generally pretty discreet about this sort of thing, I don't think it's going to be a problem, even if I did have to let her read the book first. That's why it took so long - she wanted to have a copy of the text before I smuggled it into Hogwarts and risked getting it burnt. But it was just as well, she agreed to confirm for Sirius that we had good reason to get the blood adoption potion done. I think Aunt Cassie is suspicious but she won't ask unless she thinks someone is in danger, until we ask for her help.""Right. Well, thanks, then," said Harry. He looked uneasily at the wall and said, "There's something else I wanted to ask you," and haltingly explained what Neville had told him in as even a tone as he could."Ah. I had wondered about that, actually," Bellatrix said when he had finished. She was thoughtful but did not display the least trace of guilt. "I had no idea they were incapacitated permanently until I was out of Azkaban, you understand." She drummed her fingers thoughtfully on the tabletop. "No, I didn't use anything else on Alice and Frank Longbottom - I mean, there was the duel itself, and the usual sort of medical charms you stabilize people with during interrogation but I can't even think of a rare reaction known to cause permanent speech or motor coordination disability... Lestrange wouldn't have, although I'll ask him and be sure. I'd have to actually write Barty and ask him, though, and he's presently not speaking to me because he's mad about the truce, so he might not be terribly helpful.""Did he sign it?" Harry said, startled. He had rather forgotten Crouch Jr existed."Yes, I persuaded him, which is why he's angry." Bellatrix shrugged. "I took away his principles, you see. Now he's either wrong now or was wrong before, there's no consistent position that leaves him in the right. I didn't order anyone to tamper with the evidence by poisoning them in St. Mungo's but it's within the realm of possibility that either another commander did or one of our spies acted spontaneously, and several of our people in St. Mungo's are dead now, so I can't be sure I can find that out, either. I'll ask around and send you what I find either way. No reason that can't go in the actual post. Oh! Actually there is something, Alice Longbottom had a bit of a seizure at one point overnight. I think those can cause brain damage, especially if your magic is suppressed thereafter, and I understand that's one of those modern ideas about caring for the mentally damaged," she said, tone turning ironic. "So you might mention that.""Right," said Harry, stiffly. A minute ago he had nearly felt he forgave Bellatrix, but reminded of Neville it was much harder to look at her normally. "You know, sharing a dorm with him is going to be awkward," he said."That's fair enough," Bellatrix said, "But to be perfectly frank, I know for a fact that Severus Snape murdered the parents and siblings of several students, so don't feel you're especially evil for speaking to me and Mr. Longbottom simultaneously when Dumbledore's inflicted worse on the students himself. I mean, the Longbottoms are still alive, you know.""That's a bit rich from you," Harry muttered, and reluctantly added, "Excuse me," before he left, book in hand.Fortunately, Sunday afternoon was the Ravenclaw-Slytherin Quidditch match, so when Harry arrived back at school the next morning he could quickly go and conceal the books behind an enchanted false floor in his trunk, change into school uniform, and go scream himself hoarse cheering for his girlfriend on the Quidditch pitch. Slytherin was even more brutal than usual in one of the few avenues they had left for open violence, and their new Keeper was effective against penalty shots. Cho caught the Snitch with Ravenclaw so far down in points that it won by only ten, and while she was carried off the field on her teams' shoulders, she had to tell them to let her down by the door so she could go to the Hospital Wing, alongside her most injured Chaser. Harry met them there and helped Cho climb the stairs with an injured ankle. Madam Pomfrey shook her head and scolded, but she mended Cho's ankle and gave her bruise cream for her other injuries, while the Chaser, who had tumbled into the stands and been cut badly in the arm, had to sit while a Blood Replenishing Potion did its work. Harry and Cho snuck off to join the Ravenclaw victory party, Cho promising to save butterbeer for the Chaser and congratulating her on one of her goals.As a result, Harry was not able to talk to Neville until Monday morning, and the need to get to second period Charms after their late breakfast helped limit the excruciating conversation. He was relieved to take a seat between Ron and Hermione a few minutes later and rapidly become distracted with the theory of charms to conjure wine and beer, which they were working on after reviewing the water-conjuring charm Aguamenti earlier that month.He made it through the day by concentrating on schoolwork, and only when he was lying in bed at night did he think of his mother, and then of the book concealed in his trunk, and sit up. After the horrible conversation with Neville about his parents he had not wanted to think about Bellatrix doing him favors, but that was no reason to wait now that he had accepted anyway, he told himself. He got up to open his trunk cautiously. Again he brought out the last journal, and the book Bellatrix had given him, and he tried the decryption spell. The spell finally working was almost anticlimactic. Using the soul magic book, the one which Bellatrix had said was the only copy in existence of the work, the page of accounting open flickered and turned not to gibberish, but to a coherent journal entry. Harry bent forward eagerly to read:Oh, God, MMK is dead.

I can't believe it, I can't, it seems like just yesterday I talked to her about the protections for the house, although of course that was last year when I was pregnant. I thought, when I heard, that I caused it because I used their library and how could I have? And then I feel so selfish for it, because it's not like the family hasn't done enough to anger V. I mean they're our side to the core. The worst part is the nephew, he's alive, and he's barely old enough to talk sense. He was in a cupboard for the whole day because M. put him in and used a hex so the enemies wouldn't hear him cry, and it took our side that long to find him. I think of that, and of that happening to my son, and I cry all over again.

I feel so bad for how I treated her knowing it, too, using her love for me. I had best code this quickly, in case husband comes. But I wanted someone to be nice to me, you know, and her feelings were so clear. I don't know if she even admitted she liked women before she... I laughed about running off with her but I should have, they probably would have thrown her out and she wouldn't have been at the house when the enemy hit it. What am I saying? They'd probably have caught us and my son and I would be dead too.

He just started crying, I'd better go before he wakes my husband up.Harry stared at the entry, trying to understand, and then flipped back, rapidly. Unfortunately the journal entries were still scarce and far between. His mother had written when she needed to express something - an urgent emotion, an argument with his father, good or bad news, or ideas. She had been writing for her own purposes and did not feel a need to explain context or what had gone on between entries. Encrypted entries usually used vague allusions or initials in place of names, probably because they had been easier to find in the book she had used as a key. It made the last year of her life difficult to follow. There would be a sudden entry detailing a vicious fight with his father that did not explain any of the references to past arguments, or what she was thinking about doing when she said 'it' or 'that;' or a record of a nightmare about an argument with Petunia which cryptically referred to events of a certain summer, years past. She had fought with his father often and attributed this to being trapped inside all the time. She had been stir crazy with the desire to go outside. She had missed a wide variety of people and things: drinking in pubs, dancing in public, book shops, Marlene McKinnon, Mary MacDonald, Snape, Sirius, her family. He stopped on one entry very near the start and read it closely:I've got son in my lap now that husband finally went to bed. Happy wedding anniversary, me.

I don't know, maybe I should regret it. Had a nasty call with sister earlier, she asked if I'd seen sense and realized I should have terminated it finally. (Told her she was putting her feelings on me and I was sorry she'd realized she should have aborted that man's spawn too late, but she could always drop it into a lake and claim she'd fallen, which was terrible of me but you know what she's like. Being worse is the only defense.) But I suppose from some directions she might be right.

I can't think of it that way, though. I mean my son is my life now. He's the only one who's always happy to see me (well, once I know why he's crying), he's the first thing I see in the morning and the last thing I see at night. I don't know, maybe I am just giving into the brainwashing like MMD would have said (I miss her so much and I can't help wondering if S was one of the men who) but he is a person even if he's a very small one and he deserves my love, he deserves everything I can give him.

I can't believe there are people plotting to kill him right now, I mean I know, I've lost enough friends but he's just a baby. I want to kill them all for even thinking it. I already did, but more now. I am sleep deprived, maybe I'm just not making sense, but...

I keep thinking about the conversation I had with the dog star's cousin in the muggle pub (and I hate that they've got me calling normal people that now) over Christmas seventh year. I knew the enemy were weird about me before that and it wasn't all that hard to figure out why what with S getting me to show off snake language back in first year before I knew any better. I didn't know how weird they were until she told me that V. thinks of me as an estranged cousin. But that must be the real reason he thinks it's my son and not the L boy, because he thinks my son's his cousin, too, and it's a sort of horrid poetic justice for him.

I don't want that for him. I don't want it for me but even less for my son. I hate how my husband was raised - and the dog star too - as some kind of impressible copy of the family values, to fill a role that was set out a dozen generations before he was born. Sometimes I can see who he might have been if it weren't for that and...Harry almost threw the journal aside. Only his knowledge that this was one of the last things his mother had touched, certainly the last thing he had available to him, made him set it gently next to him on the bed. Then he pressed his face into his pillow, desperately, and sobbed.Perhaps he should have gone to bed - he had to be up for class in only a few hours - but instead he took the journal up again when the tears were gone and flipped through it, reading the personal entries as they came. Much of the encrypted text was technical and obscure to him: lists of ingredients, or references to specific books by description, or ritual recipes and experimental magic he did not understand very well. He could have asked Hermione, but he knew that if he did she would immediately want to talk to him about his mother, and he did not want to discuss the feelings he had over the last journal entries.There was a journal entry decrypted on the last page. Harry almost did not want to read it - to know this was the last thing his mother had ever recorded - but his curiosity won out, and he bend his head to the page:Well. Tonight is it. I could say a lot of things here, but what's the point? There's no going back from here.

It's funny, sometimes I felt like I married death, not my husband, the way this has turned out... I've already said too much, though.

Goodbye, S. and sister and all of my friends and lovers, half of you already dead and waiting on the other side. Goodbye, lily that was. (Funny, I can write my own name, since it's a flower that's used in magic.)

Goodbye, my son, my love.Puzzled, he checked the date, and found that it was long before his mother had died: the journal entry dated from September. What had his mother done?He could think of no way of finding out. Coming to the end of the journal, he took up the book that had been used as the key again, uncertain what he was looking for but knowing his mother had touched it. He opened the cover, looking for a book plate, but the Potter family emblem was not in evidence. Instead there was a spidery inscription in a handwriting he recognized: Property of Lily Evans. Curious now, he flipped through, looking for other annotations. There were very few, and most of them were incomprehensible - references to other books, numbers, question marks appended to technical comments he didn't understand. But near the end of the book, his mother had circled a chunk of text - Harry, squinting at the archaic typeface, made out eventually a reference to another book - and written next to it in her clear hand, "Check Chamber of Secrets?"Harry's mouth fell open. He had known for several years now that his mother, too, had been a Parselmouth, and of course she had been at Hogwarts for years - but never had it occurred to him that she, too, had been in Slytherin's secret chamber.

March came with only marginal improvements in weather, and in the first week, Ron's birthday. The next weekend and the day before the Gryffindor-Hufflepuff Quidditch match, Bellatrix's baby was born.Because this was a major event to people outside the family as well, Harry was called into the Headmaster's office to be told, an excruciating meeting. It would have been awkward, he thought, to have had a child at sixteen anyway, but the involvement of major political events and the fact that it was actually Voldemort's child with Bellatrix made things much worse. Fortunately, Sirius, who had come to tell him, did not make a major production of the announcement. He told Harry that it had been a girl, that Bellatrix had named her Matilda, and that she was healthy enough although born about a month early, and Harry was mercifully released to go back to Gryffindor.Unfortunately, this was also announced in the papers the next morning. At least, Harry thought, avoiding eye contact with anyone else in favor of talking to the Quidditch team, this meant he could get the announcement over with in the general air of pre-game jitters... And no one could actually talk to him on the Quidditch pitch.But this had been optimistic: the Slytherins taunted him from the stands as they lined up, ranging from calling him "Daddy" to asking how You-Know-Who's mistress was in bed. The Hufflepuffs always played a clean game, but after Harry caught the Snitch, he discovered Cho had not been able to watch the game because at breakfast another seventh year girl had made a similar comment to her, and Cho had received detention for decking her - one sign that the war, and the DA's privileges at Hogwarts, were over.That week, avoiding more commentary from other students - as well as well-meaning questions about how he felt about the situation from DA members he was not particularly close to - Harry came to the end of what he could find in the Hogwarts library on the references in his mother's decrypted journal.He had been reluctant to ask his friends for help with this project, as he was not even sure he could articulate what frightened him about his mother's last, desperate months of research. That had slowed his search, as he concealed what he was looking up with his N.E.W.T. work and talked his own Restricted Section passes from teachers instead of relying on Hermione's staff pass. But he finally had to admit that those books he could identify were inaccessible or unhelpful to Harry alone, and even with years more research experience and those Restricted Section passes, there was almost nothing on the Chamber of Secrets in the library - certainly nothing more useful than what they had all found second year.Harry was torn on the question of who he should ask for help. His first thought was Hermione, but in addition to the fact that she was as distracted as ever this year, he wasn't sure how much Hermione would be able to help. It was possible she would be able to identify books his mother had referred to as, for example, "the blue book," in the midst of a discussion of inherited curses, but it was just as likely she would be as stuck as him. And Hermione was much less likely, Harry thought, to have had a reason to research the Chamber of Secrets for Aunt Cassiopeia. Daphne or Draco might be able to help with either in theory, but Harry felt certain he had heard the gist of what the Slytherin Death Eaters' children knew about the Chamber second year as well, nasty as it was.What he needed, he finally admitted, sitting up in his bed one night that week, was to ask one of the adults. But which adult? The Blacks would be as familiar with lore on Slytherin as anyone, most likely. Aunt Cassie or Bellatrix were probably most likely to be able to help with his questions about his mother's Dark Arts research. Bellatrix, as Voldemort's lover, was more likely to know about the Chamber, and as a bonus she already knew he had the book of his mother's at school. But he imagined calling her and admitting he was consumed by his mother's last journal entry, that he was terrified and compelled to seek out the last books she had read, and he could not do it. He might ask Sirius, who had known his mother better than anyone else accessible to him now, but would Sirius be able to help with the books? Sirius was also not the most likely to remember obscure facts about Slytherin - and he had loved Harry's mother, and if Harry's research found the worst - whatever that meant - he did not need to inflict that upon Sirius, too.Mind made up, if not exactly pleased with his choice, Harry pulled the communication mirror out of the bedside table and said into it, "Cassiopeia Black."He had a long moment to reflect that it was late at night and Aunt Cassie might not pick up, and might be annoyed to be woken if she did. Then her face appeared in the mirror. She was clearly already awake: her hair was braided and pinned up, much more messily than usual in several haphazard coils around her head, and he could see the collar of a muggle T shirt under an open button down. The top shirt seemed to be slightly singed."Has something happened at the school?" said Aunt Cassie immediately."No," said Harry alarmed. "Are you okay? Is Sirius--?"Aunt Cassie stared at him a moment, her wide, pale eyes eerie and owl-like in her tense face. Then she appeared to decide she believed him and relaxed, shoulders loosening. "No one is hurt," she said. "We received an alarm and found someone had torched Agrimony and her husband's house, but the place was empty, they've been staying with us since last summer. Thank God they hadn't gone home yet. The house is burnt to the ground and there's some damage to the barn and equipment in the yard - it took some time for anyone to notice the smoke - but it's only property damage. Fortunately the firewitch for that village had the sense to come to Grimmauld Place when she realized it wasn't natural fire. I had just set down my cloak when you called, and I expected another alarm." She glanced up and said to someone out of view, "No, it's Harry calling from school - homework questions, I imagine. Sirius says hello, Harry.""Hi," Harry called awkwardly."No," Cassie said, looking off again, "Go reassure them we're paying for the damage and call Amelia, if the Ministry is going to trace the magic to corroborate us it has to be before the traces fade. He knows, you can talk to him tomorrow." And to Harry, "I should be clear, whoever set the place on fire used Fiendfyre, which was why they needed me. It's an easier spell to cast than to control, and it's nearly impossible for anyone but the caster to extinguish.""Did Voldemort do it?" Harry said, and found he had balled his hands into tight fists.Aunt Cassie frowned. "Personally? I doubt it," she said. "It was the sort of thing he would do out of spite as a teenager but I have the impression he considers petty arson beneath him these days. You need a fair bit of power behind Fiendfyre but not much actual technique, especially if you aren't concerned about stopping it again. Andy went to check, and Bella hasn't been cursed, so most likely it wasn't a party to the truce, but that could mean anything. It could even be a disgruntled Black tenant irritated about sharing lands with veela and not related to Riddle at all." The background of the mirror shifted behind her, as she crossed the landing and stepped into her laboratory. "Now, what did you call me for?" she asked, sitting down at the work table and propping the mirror up."It's nothing really important," said Harry, embarrassed, but Aunt Cassie shook her head."It isn't as if I'm going back to sleep any time soon," she said dryly, "Go on. If it's nothing that will be a relief.""Well," said Harry, who had rehearsed his actual story several times to avoid implying that he had an extremely rare book illegally at Hogwarts and horrifying Aunt Cassie, but was now forgetting his lines. "You remember I was trying to decrypt my mother's journal? Bellatrix - helped me find the key when I went home overnight last month, and I've been reading it...""Did she?" Aunt Cassie said, and exactly as Harry had hoped she wouldn't, "Which book was it?""The soul magic book from the list Dillena sent me, the one with only one copy," he said, hoping this would sound as though he had not looked at the book in a month and also that Bellatrix was prepared if Aunt Cassie asked to see it before term was out. Well, that was a problem for Bellatrix.Aunt Cassie's eyebrows flew up. She said, under her breath "Where on earth it was - I'll ask her, I suppose. It's not the first time it's unexpectedly appeared.""Really?" said Harry, curious."Yes - that's one of the interesting things about it. It wasn't a very old book, you understand, but a manuscript written by an acquaintance of mine in the fifties. The Ministry raided the press and confiscated both the entire print run and the manuscript, and the author killed himself under mysterious circumstances not long later. There was a massive scandal over it in the Dark Arts community at the time. Then Lily Evans, who probably wasn't aware of any of this, cited it in a few papers in the seventies, and immediately the gossip about who in the Department of Mysteries she was sleeping with for favors to have been allowed a surviving copy was inescapable."To make matters worse, it surfaced in an auction after her death and proved to be a pre-print typewritten version. I'm familiar with someone who was able to examine it, who said she thought it had been typed by the author, who had one of about three of these awful enchanted typewriters made in the 1910s by a failed entrepreneur, using a specific pseudo-medieval font he'd personally developed... Where on earth your mother could have come across such a thing is a difficult question." Aunt Cassie shrugged. "It would be one thing, you understand, if it was a lost medieval manuscript, as unknown copies of those do appear in personal libraries and crypts and so on every so often, but this was a very odd story. So you understand I am very curious."Harry, with great fortitude, did not turn his head to look towards the trunk where that very mysterious book was concealed. "Weird," he said. "Listen - I wanted to ask you about that, sort of, and about some of what my mother wrote in the last entry. A lot of it is work notes, and I can't really figure out what she means by them - not just because I don't recognize the magic, because she's coded all these references to her books, and I can't guess what 'the blue book on curses' is, and so on."Aunt Cassie nodded. "If you'd like to copy those references out - with limited context - and encrypt them with the family spells before you sent them, I can take a look. It may ultimately have to wait until I can read the full entries - if you're willing to share them - but I imagine I'll be able to guess at one or two, at least.""The other thing is..." Harry looked down at the journal beside him on the bed. "When I was looking at the book, I saw my mother had written in it, and one of the things she said was 'check Chamber of Secrets.' I don't remember what it was next to, just some reference to another book, I think, but I didn't understand why, because I've been in the Chamber..."Aunt Cassie said, "What?" and then "No, I remember that story," and pressed her fingers to her temples. "Merlin. So you've been in the Chamber and didn't see any books, and want to know what on earth your mother wanted to check?""Yeah," said Harry. "Wait, do you know what it's like?""In a sense," said Aunt Cassie. "There are rumors every so often that someone claiming descent from Slytherin has uncovered the Chamber, but interestingly enough the descriptions don't match. I compiled them once for a History paper in fifth year, back when Binns was on staff alongside several other teachers. At least once the Heir claimed to have uncovered a secret trove of books. Nothing was so exceptionally rare it had to be from Slytherin and Ravenclaw's lost library, and I rather believe that particular man a fraud.""Wait," said Harry, "Where did Ravenclaw come into it?""There is a tradition they were married." Aunt Cassie shrugged again. "And also a tradition that Ravenclaw and Gryffindor were married, and Slytherin left the castle from jealous when Ravenclaw rejected his proposal. And a tradition that Slytherin and Ravenclaw were married, before he caught his wife and Gryffindor in bed together and killed them both, and fled the castle in his shame. Although I think that one derives from a rather terrible play from the sixteenth century - incidentally, British magical drama is awful and that theater Bella and her cronies burnt down is no real loss. It does explain one of the few fairly well-documented facts about the Founders, which is that Hufflepuff was running the school by herself fifty years after its founding and the others were dead or vanished. Which is frankly rather odd when you think about how powerful the four of them were supposed to be.""I thought Slytherin left because he was angry over muggleborns being taught at Hogwarts?" said Harry hotly, unexpectedly stung, as though he had been suddenly accused of lying.Aunt Cassie reached behind her head, rearranging her braids as she spoke, slowly. "My understanding of what happened your second year - forgive me if I'm wrong - is that an experimental Horcrux of Riddle's possessed a student, and used Parseltongue to enter his Chamber of Secrets and set a basilisk on the student body. Albeit he never actually allowed the snake to eat any students, only to petrify them and leave them to be found, yes?""Yes," said Harry, caught off guard and more confused."And you went after them and ended up following him into the Chamber, where you fought the basilisk and managed to kill it - my congratulations, by the way - and then destroy the Horcrux, ending the possession before Riddle could use the student as a sacrifice in some unspecified process for re-embodying himself. So - forgive me, Harry - what you saw was a secret chamber accessible by Parseltongue, and a basilisk. I actually knew Riddle had the former, at least, because he was sneaking other students down to it in the forties to show his authentic status as heir--"

"Yes. Orion told me about it. Apparently it was a very poorly kept secret, perhaps by design. Orion was rather contemptuous of the whole thing, although God knows if it was for some specific reason or simply because it was Riddle. Now, it is not completely impossible a basilisk could survive a thousand years in some sort of entranced sleep or magically-facilitated hibernation process, but it is the sort of claim for which one wants more explanation and evidence than simply a very large and very hungry basilisk of unknown origin. So it may really be Slytherin's monster, or it may have been Riddle's monster all along."I do know that those stories about an ancient hidden monster can't be documented further than an early nineteenth century gothic novel written by a muggleborn which makes no reference to blood supremacy at all. She may have made it up for the sake of the plot and genre conventions, and that was what I assumed when I wrote the school report. Perhaps she found some reference to it in a book or a folk tale, given there is a monster, and documentation of all details of the Founders is poor. But the blood supremacists picked up the idea of the monster later because, in addition to being atmospheric, it fit with their legend of how Slytherin predicted Hogwarts's inevitable decline as a result of letting in the wrong students, at a time when Hogwarts was expanding admissions policies in the nineteenth century..."But I will tell you, Harry, whatever sort of man Salazar Slytherin was - an issue I do not care to speculate on - he didn't have any sort of political stance on muggleborns, because 'muggleborn' as a word is less than two hundred years old, and the concept dates back to the Statute and no further."Aunt Cassie had become startlingly emotional during this speech, but on the end of it she cut herself off suddenly and smiled at him. "Forgive me. This is an old irritation of mine. I imagine you're intending to go back and have another look to see if you can figure out what your mother saw?""Yes," said Harry, whose thoughts had only tentatively gone that direction but who could not deny it. "Do you think I shouldn't? If it's fake...""I can't tell you whether Riddle's chamber is your mother's, or whose would be "real" if they're different, but it is the natural next step," said Aunt Cassie. "What I can suggest is that if you go, you retrieve some basilisk venom for us. That damned portrait of Phineas Nigellus reported Dumbledore's supply to the Ministry last year, and since they couldn't get the Restricted Section they confiscated what they could out of his office instead. We're trying to order more but it's a difficult substance to obtain. So whether you find out about your mother or not, it won't be a useless trip.""Right," said Harry, intensely relieved to have a more concrete reason to go. "Thanks."

At breakfast the next day and under cover of Muffliato, Harry updated his friends on what Aunt Cassie had told him about the fire, and about basilisk venom. He wanted to leave it at that, but honesty compelled him to add, "And I found something in my mother's notes about the Chamber of Secrets. Aunt Cassie says it's been "found" a few times and the descriptions don't match, so Voldemort might have made up a fake chamber and put the basilisk in himself or something, but it's worth seeing if I missed something second year that she might have seen."Daphne nodded immediately to this explanation and said, "So, are we all going to the chamber, then? I can't imagine there are no protections."No one protested. They had all immediately accepted the need to investigate the Chamber with Harry."There weren't any protections when we went in," Ron said, frowning. "Bit weird, come to think of it, we just opened the door and slid straight through... Although I guess a basilisk counts as a protection itself, really...""I bet Tom Riddle's Horcrux disabled them, since he was trying to lure Harry in," said Hermione enthusiastically. "If we go together we can probably make it through, we'll have a better chance at identifying them. When are we all free to go?"Harry, Ron, Hermione, Daphne, Tracey, Draco and Cho met at Moaning Myrtle's bathroom entrance at eight o'clock Friday night, before curfew but late enough that when they returned, they could avoid notice. Everyone but Hermione and Tracey had brought their own brooms in order to come back up the immense pipe entrance. On the way down it would be easier to slide.They exchanged glances, nervously. Then Harry pushed open the bathroom door."Ooh," Myrtle said, looking up. Harry jumped. Somehow, he had forgotten about Myrtle. "What are you doing here? You never come back and visit," she said accusatively to Harry.Daphne made a little choking noise into her hand, which instantly attracted Myrtle's attention. "Has he been distracted with you?" she said, looking Daphne over disdainfully. "I know your type... pureblood, pretty...""Homosexual?" Daphne said, brightly. Draco choked.Myrtle's face was indignant, and for a moment Harry thought she was going to wail at them to leave. Then she said, "Oh, are you really?" with thick, false sympathy. "That must be so hard for you...""I am tormented," Daphne said. "I wail and rend my hair. The only thing that would help, in fact, is if you would let us in so that we can go open the Chamber of Secrets again.""Right, it's that sink," Harry interrupted, wishing fervently to be out of this conversation. Myrtle retreated to watch them with disconcerting glowing eyes from her toilet stall. Harry tried to ignore this as he crossed to the sink facing it. He was much taller than he had been at twelve, and he had to stoop down to find the little snake scratched into the faucet... A sudden image intruded of the tall and handsome fifteen year old Tom Riddle pouring over a girl's bathroom, and he fought the urge to laugh.There it was. Harry took a breath and pictured a snake. He had meant to imagine the snakes at the zoo, but here he could think only of the terrible basilisk years dead. He said to the faucet, "Open..." and a bright white light gathered, and the faucet began to spin.Not much time later, they had slid down the horrible dark pipe and were standing in a small group at the beginning of the tunnel, lit by the light of seven wands."How deep are we?" said Daphne, who had wrapped her wool cloak around herself and tucked her hands into her sleeves. "It must be below the dungeons...""I wish I had thought to bring a barometer," Hermione said and sighed when they all looked at her in confusion. "It's a muggle device for measuring pressure units. I could have told you how deep we are with it. Anyway, I suppose we'd better go down the tunnel?""Yeah, there's a rockfall a bit ahead," Harry said, starting off. Four years had not improved the tunnel."From Lockhart cursing me and his wand backfiring," Ron added, helpfully, shifting his broom over his shoulder."I'm sorry, did you say Lockhart tried to curse you?" said Draco, dubiously, lifting the hem of his robes to avoid trailing it on the small animal bones underfoot."Er, he tried to Memory Charm us, actually," Harry said. "It turned out that that was how he'd come up with all those stories - he'd find a local hero and interview them about how they'd done it, then Obliviate them and claim the credit himself. But he tried to use Ron's broken wand and it backfired, erased all his memories, I dunno what happened after that.""This is the sort of thing that is a footnote to you," Daphne said, despairingly, and sighed. "Chang, how do you date this boy without throttling him?""There are compensations," Cho said, audibly smirking. "Although I don't think you'd appreciate them, Greengrass - Merlin."They had arrived at the widening tunnel with the immense, green snakeskin."You killed this thing with a sword?" said Draco, who had gone rather pale. "When you were twelve?""The real snake was bigger," said Harry, and "It wasn't... I don't know, it was terrifying, but it wasn't like I had much choice, Tom Riddle's memory had my wand--"This required another explanation. At least, Harry reflected grimly, it was a distraction from the gloomy tunnel.He thought they must have nearly reached the doors to the Chamber proper, with the wall and the two entwined serpents, when Daphne said, "Hang on, where does this go?" and he turned, and saw she was staring at a door."I don't know," Harry said, disconcerted. "I don't remember it. I only saw the one path, to the end...""There's magic all over the tunnel," Hermione said. "Perhaps Voldemort can control how many paths are available. Or the Heir, if it's authentic.""It is supposed to be the Chamber of Secrets," Draco said. "Plural.""That's a translation anyway," Cho pointed out. "If Slytherin really built this place it was a thousand years ago, they spoke Old English then.""Or British, which is kind of like Welsh, or Irish or Gaelic," Daphne pointed out. "Or Old Norse. Shall I open it, then?""I don't know," Harry said, although this was in a way exactly what he had been looking for, knowing his mother had thought something worth returning to the Chamber for. This door had a serpent carved on it itself, with a single glittering emerald set into the eye socket. The snake seemed faintly malicious to him, almost alive. But Daphne was already reaching, tentatively, for the doorknob, with her off hand, wand drawn with the other, and when she brushed it the carving moved off the door, into empty space, and struck at her."Confringo!" Harry shouted, and afterwards in Parseltongue, "Stop!" as the others got off their own spells. Spell work flashed in the darkness, crashing against the walls, and there was a terrible rumbling from the ceiling. "Put shield charms up!" Harry shouted, and put action to his words, and there was a roar and a great rush of stone, and the next moment the rock had settled."Is everyone okay?" Harry called. His blasting curse had opened the door hidden by the snake, apparently, and the carving had collapsed back into a stationary two dimensions when he told it to stop. Cho was on his other side, and Daphne was on the ground, pressing her sleeve to a bite wound on her shoulder with a fixed smile. They were cut off on two sides, from the others by one rockfall, and from continuing on by the other."We're here," Hermione called."We're fine," Ron said.Tracy called, "Is Daphne okay?""It's not too bad," Daphne said. "It would have been cursed, I think, but Harry told the snake to stop in Parseltongue and I saw the Dark magic kind of melt off of the wound. It's just a bite wound, now, I'll hold pressure on it, but I'm not sure I'll be able to come the rest of the way." Her voice was rigidly calm. "I apologize for the trouble. Don't blame yourself.""Yeah, well, let's just be careful about touching things," Harry said, feeling horrible nonetheless, and knelt to help close the wound. Daphne was still pale and shaky with the bite closed, and did not stand. "This rock fall... Look, we can't go on either, we're cut off on both ends. Can you get back to the entrance to get help if you need to?""I might be able to shift the rocks safely with magic, if you give me some time," Hermione called."Thanks. Could you work on that, then?" said Harry, glancing after Cho, who was peering carefully through the blast-open doorway, wand in hair."There's no magic on the threshold now," said Daphne, apologetically. "If you want to look inside..."Harry quickly checked she was right and said, "I suppose we might as well, we've come this far..." He lit his wand and stepped, carefully, through.The room behind the snake door was not large. It was lined with two ancient sconces on each side, neither lit, and as he walked inside he trod on the remains of a rotting carpet. Light within the room gleamed at Harry, and he jumped before he realized it was a reflection of his own wand."There's a mirror, or glass or something," he said, and cautiously lit two of the wall sconces. They lit up the stone space oddly, distorting what he could now see was a quite large mirror, taller than him and twice as wide across, taking up most of the far wall."That can't be a thousand years old," said Daphne from where she was seated by the doorway, wrapped in her cloak."No, I think it's a modern silvered glass mirror, the seventh year Wardcraft class went over how they're made," said Cho, eyeing it. "Not very old at all. I wonder who..."Harry barely heard them. His eyes were fixed on his reflection, which looked back him at the mirror, and like the snake, seemed alive entirely independent of him and strangely malicious. The reflection's green eyes glimmered, and, just like the Mirror of Erised the year before the Chamber, it winked at him.He wanted to tell Cho and Daphne about it, but he could not manage a sound. His gaze was utterly fixed on his reflection as it beckoned him closer, and unwilling, terrified, he went, until he was standing just in front of the mirror, staring into it. The girls did not seem to have noticed anything amiss. He heard them distantly, arguing about how old the mirror's craftsmanship was and who on earth could have smuggled it down into the Chamber, and through a pipe that was substantially narrower than the mirror in either width or height. His reflection put a finger to his lips, and grinned at Harry, and beckoned again. Harry stretched out his right hand to brush his reflection's fingertips.He fell forward, and his sense of direction and his own body distorted. He seemed to be falling a long way.It reminded him if anything of the Pensieve. When the sense of rushing through fog faded, he came back to his body, just like the Pensieve, in a scene where nobody else could see him: surrounded by a circle of Death Eaters, some masked, some not, in a forest clearing. Hagrid sobbed nearby, and as his gaze moved through the circle, Harry saw two figures, collapsed. One seemed to be Voldemort, with his old snake-like face, hovered over by an unmasked Bellatrix Lestrange. The other figure, dead center in the circle, was Harry himself.Harry swallowed, wondering if he was seeing the future, since this could hardly be a memory. The Death Eaters seemed paralyzed, except for Bellatrix, kneeling by Voldemort's side. The only sounds were Hagrid's sobbing, and the breaths of many people, and the distant sounds of the forest. Had he and Voldemort killed each other? Had Bellatrix returned to Voldemort? Harry was just wondering when he saw what he had assumed was his own dead body stir, and lift his head...He did not want to watch this. Harry had learned the trick of leaving a Pensieve with Dumbledore. He tried to trigger the memory to end now, but instead of lifting back into his body, he fell through rushing fog again, until another scene suddenly formed out of the mist: the Gryffindor dormitories.

At first, Harry spotted the Firebolt slung over a trunk across from him and assumed the dorm was his own, but as he took in details he realized it could not be: there were only four beds, and the closest was cluttered with makeup and had a lacy nightgown thrown over it. As the dormitory around him solidified, sound came in, and he realized the dormitory was occupied: two girls were whispering. His instinct was to leave before they found him spying, but then if this was a memory, or a vision, they would not see him. Something must have brought him here. Harry walked towards the voices, shielded by the half-drawn curtains on one bed, and when he turned the corner they came into view.One girl was quite plainly Hermione, though Hermione as Harry had not seen her for several years now, bushy-haired and with unshrunk teeth, dwarfed by the towering stack of books taking up most of her bed. Harry stifled a laugh. She couldn't be more than fourteen, he decided, and while she had seemed very tall to Harry at that age, at sixteen the fourteen year-old Hermione was spindly and small. She was, however, not as small as the girl next to her, who Harry turned to study her, next. The two of them were oblivious to him. The girl next to her had curly black hair, shielding her face as she ducked over the book between their laps, but then she raised her head and Harry was able to see her bright green eyes and very round glasses, and the lightning bolt scar sprawled over her forehead..."Not the future, then," said Harry faintly."I'm never going to pass third year exams," the other Harry said gloomily to Hermione. "I can't believe I let you talk me into taking Runes.""You can do it if you just try," said Hermione, sounding exactly like Harry's own Hermione, and gave the other Harry a little shove on the shoulder. "Come on. I'll quiz you on verbs," she said, taking the book back. Harry turned from them - it felt very much like spying, even if they were not real - and studied their nightstands instead. The other Harry still had the Firebolt, and her bed was still left messily unmade. But the book bag spilling its contents onto the floor nearby contained Arithmancy notes, in a recognizable but much neater hand than Harry's own, and a stack of books Harry recognized suddenly as copies of the Lord of the Rings. Perhaps the other Harry had made friends with Hermione first, Harry thought, a lump in his throat, and not Ron at all... He suddenly did not want to see more. He tried again to lift himself out by magic the way he would have a Pensieve, and again he fell instead into the rushing fog...This time he landed in a crowded room leading up to a checkpoint with guards and - Harry blinked - a bare and empty coastline, with no bridge and no port waiting. He was confused for a moment; then the woman at the head of the queue was let through, walked a few steps forward and grasped an object and vanished, and he understood. He had never been to an international Portkey crossing, but this must be one.Was he here? Harry turned, slowly, trying to find his other self, but instead his gaze settled on one of the guards, and he recoiled. He had not made particular note of their black cloaks but up close he could see the symbol emblazoned on them was a version of the Dark Mark itself, less detailed then the magical sign in the sky and less elongated than the brand, but still clearly identifiable.He was staring, transfixed, at the Death Eater guard and coming to the realization that this universe was one in which Voldemort ruled Britain when a flash of red caught his eye. Turning, he saw a face he had seen only in visions and mirrors and memories: his mother, a few years older than she had ever been in life, clutching the hands of two young, dark-haired children. A third baby was wrapped in a shawl and strapped to her chest. She stared fixedly ahead as she reached the front of the queue, not far from Harry. She handed papers over without looking the guard in his face, and Harry heard him say, glancing boredly down, "Mrs. Weasley... Let me see..."The older boy turned towards him, and Harry saw again his own green eyes. He wanted to watch, and he wanted to look anywhere else, terrified his mother was about to be caught, but another familiar voice said, close by and clearly speaking to him, "Harry?"He turned, and Cho was there, still dressed in school robes and worried. "Cho!" Harry said, relieved, but the rushing fog was returning. Frantically he grabbed for her hand, afraid of being separated. Her hand was the only real thing in the dizzy blankness, the only thing he could feel, even if he couldn't see her. Then the fog cleared and they were standing on a muggle street corner in London."Listen," Harry said, "These are alternate universes--""I know," Cho said, then "--Daphne knows. She didn't know exactly what this mirror does but I guess she knows spells to test them, she talked me through it... Said something about Cassiopeia Black teaching her because of Hermione getting stuck in an alternate dimension or something... Look, the solution isn't really complicated, it's just hard. You've got to form a blank Occlumency shield and then the mirror has to stop, it can't feed off of your mind and magic anymore to link to other universes and we'll be released.""Right," Harry said. Distantly he was terrified - this had never been the Occlumency skill he was best at - but he did not let the feeling take over. Then he said, "--you know Occlumency?"Cho pressed her lips together, and Harry realized they were pale. "No," she said. "But Daphne said that you'd studied Legilimency too so you should be able to perform compulsions with mind magic, and attacks... So you should be able to press my mind into shape. And someone had to go and get you, and Daphne's hurt."Harry stared at Cho a moment. His friends had always come with him into danger but he could not just then think of another time someone had willingly gone after him to help in this way - not a parent or a teacher, but a friend, someone his age. Harry was not used to being someone who others tried to rescue. He swallowed rapidly and said, "Right - we should maybe find somewhere quieter in the vision, at least this one's not too bad...""We should be somewhere around here - now that I'm here it'll try to generate possibilities with both of us," said Cho, glancing around curiously. "I don't see us... I know where this is though, it's near my cousins' place in London, the muggle side of Mum's family..."Just then a door slammed open. "Sorry, Mum!" a terribly familiar boy called, "I'll get it later..." and yet another Harry, this time around their age, came clamoring out the side door of the building one door down.This Harry was familiar and yet not. There was the hair, there were the green eyes, there were glasses though differently shaped. He had no scar, however, and he was significantly taller than Harry, with broader shoulders. He was wearing muggle clothing, jeans and a football shirt, but unlike nearly all of the muggle clothing Harry had ever owned, this Harry's clothes fit.Harry should have been finding a spot in the vision to work on Occlumency but instead he followed the other Harry. Cho did not argue, although she kept a firm grip on his hand. The other Harry went a block down the street and hesitated at the door to the entrance to a pub on the corner. Then he shrugged and pushed the door open. Harry and Cho followed.The other Harry scanned the door, and stopped when he spotted the person he was looking for. Harry knew who it was immediately, too, because this time it was another Cho - in the muggle clothing he had seen her in only once or twice before, peering at the doorway from behind her long black hair. This Cho seemed rather shyer than the usual one, but perhaps this Harry was a stranger to her. He did not seem terribly confident himself as he crossed the pub to sit down with her at a small table. Harry's back twitched just watching the other version of himself sit down in public in an unsecured room with his back to the door."So," the other Harry said, uncertainly. "You're a witch, then." The other Cho looked disconcerted and almost angry, and he went on quickly, "It's just, I haven't met many...""Right," Cho said, "You said you didn't go to Hogwarts... I'm Cho Chang," she said and stuck her hand out."Harry Evans," said the other Harry, and took it.The Cho from his own universe made a strangled noise next to him. "Come on," said Harry quickly. Watching these other versions of themselves only just meeting felt strangely intrusive, even if they were in public this time. "If we sit down over there it's pretty quiet..."Then there was the problem of Occlumency.Harry could not start by trying to achieve his shield, for if he managed it he would leave Cho behind. First he had to enter her mind. Cho, unlike Ron and Hermione, had been brought up with an awareness of Legilimency and a certain number of horror stories about it, so she was both braced for pain and terrified. On the one thing this made her thoughts far more distinct; on the other hand, it made the process excruciating. It took Harry several tries to do more than brush her mind and then recoil, repulsed by the waves of fear and nausea. Finally he managed to grab onto Cho's mind and push through the outside edge. Inside he could hear Cho's present thoughts, so loud and distinct he actually got the words: oh god he's in my head it's Harry he won't hurt me he's in my head go away go away he has to do this or we'll both die here he's in my head...

It's okay, Harry thought, very calmly and loudly, hoping Cho heard him. We're going to be okay. Breathe with me, he said, and took a long, slow breath, loudly. Cho took a moment to pick up, but then she began to follow him.It helped, some. Harry had not spent much time on compulsions with Snape, as they were not terribly effective against anyone with a decent magical defense as well as being extremely illegal to use on other wizards. He regretted this fact now. It was not enough to shove a command at Cho to relax or ease her mind, he would need to control her entirely for long enough to remove them both from the mirror worlds. But he remembered, distantly, that his mother had been able to do them as a child - that she had described the process in the very first article Snape had had him read... Rather than focusing on Cho's conscious thoughts or trying to snare a memory to investigate deeper, he tried to relax his own presence and expand it, permeating the sense he had of where Cho's mind was in space, holding it like he would mold clay in his hand.He knew at once when he had succeeded, although he was not entirely what he had succeeded at: Cho's internal dialogue cut off suddenly, like a radio turned off. Harry suppressed both his terror that he had hurt her or worse and the sudden loneliness that resulted, knowing that in order to get them out, he would have to be calm. Then he tried once more to conjure up the long-abandoned image of the moment when he dove for the Snitch... This time he had to bring Cho along, but Cho, conscious or not, was also a Seeker. As he formed the vision he had an oddly doubled sense of two bodies and two brooms, not parallel or racing but in two Quidditch fields, quite separate except that they overlapped at the point in space of the players, and one single Snitch... But this had to be perfect Occlumency and not merely a tight focus, so he could not keep thinking about the chase. He kept his breathing even, and tried not to be unnerved when he noticed, back in his body for an instant, that Cho's now followed his in an inhumanly perfect unison. He had felt Snape's perfect shield more than once practicing Legilimency, and he tried remembered what it was like from the outside, tried to recreate the sensation in his mind... Thought of the Snitch whenever emotion intruded in his mind or in Cho's, and tried to put it all together... He only needed it to work for a moment... It would never work... It had to work... But desperation, too, was an emotion he had to expel...Harry doubted that he had achieved it for more than an instant but an instant was enough. The pub flickered around them, replaced by torchlight, and Daphne's anxious voice, and Harry pulled himself and Cho - who was really holding his hand - over backward, onto the stone floor, desperate to make sure neither of them looked into the mirror again."We're back," Harry said, and released his hold on Cho's mind. "Cho?"Instead of Cho, in answer he heard Daphne shakily cry, "Reducto!" and a great sound of shattering glass.Cho flinched as shards of glass rained down. The two of them sat up, carefully, and Harry touched Cho's face. "Are you okay?""I think so... Bit of a headache but I think that's normal." Cho smiled weakly.They got up and picked their way through the glass shards to help Daphne up. When they left the room, they found that Hermione and the others were oblivious but nearly to the point of being able to repair the tunnel by ritual - "That, or pull it all down on our heads," Hermione said briskly. By mutual and silent accord the three of them said nothing until Hermione had finished intoning the incantation she had put together and the piles of shattered rock had slowly spiraled, one by one, back into the ceiling and walls, where they cemented themselves in place as though they had never fallen. Even the rock fall behind them, caused by Lockhart all those years ago, repaired itself, leaving the tunnel clear."Oh, it worked," said Hermione, pleased, before she turned her eyes on the three of them and said much less happily, "What happened?""Was it Daphne or Harry who had to touch something?" said Draco."Thanks," said Harry."Me," Daphne said gloomily, trying to evade Tracey's hands as her girlfriend bent over her worriedly. "I got bit by the door, they looked inside once we blasted the snake apart anyway, and Harry got caught in a magic mirror. They're okay, though.""More or less," said Harry. Cho had not said much after he released her but was pale and shaky, and she had not let go of his hand either. "Look, we're hurt, and Draco, you're bleeding--""A bit of gravel hit me in the head," Draco said, and shrugged."--Maybe we should come back another day and be more careful.""We came all the way down here," Daphne protested. "Look, this happened because we were stupid - because I was stupid. If we all go straight to the basilisk it should be fine."Of course, if they went straight to the basilisk they would not find what Harry's mother had - but after his experience with the mirror, he was not sure exploring further on their own was a good plan."Unless there are more active defenses that Riddle also hid when Harry was last here," Hermione said."Daphne's hurt, she'll be a liability," Draco said. "What if Tracey and I wait with her, so someone's uninjured if she gets worse, and you three go ahead?""Are you okay, Cho?" Harry said. Hermione, who had not heard how they had escaped the mirror, looked over with pursed lips, but Cho nodded after a moment and carefully unwound her fingers from his wrist. Harry privately suspected his wrist was going to bruise. Cho took her water bottle from her bag and drank from it, then redid her ponytail and straightened, looking steadier. "Let's get this over with," she said, "It's not exactly scenic."The four of them proceeded slowly down the dark tunnel. Now that they had noticed one door, Harry spotted many more. They were easier to see from the corner of his eye. Many had glittering or slowly twining serpents on them, although he thought some were guarded by stranger beasts. He did not stop or stray near them, although his curiosity was voracious, and Ron, Cho and Hermione also kept their eyes ahead. They moved quickly and silently through the tunnel.Only when they reached the wall with the two entwined, emerald-eyed serpents did Harry say, "This is it. It opens into the chamber.""It bothers me," Cho said quietly. Harry thought she meant the snakes until she said, "That mirror - it was recent, Daphne and I were talking about it, that's why we didn't see Harry had looked in and been caught. It couldn't have been more than about two centuries old. But I don't think it was recent enough for You-Know-Who - I mean, at school - to have put it there, either. You said he didn't have much money as a student.""The castle changes itself..." Hermione said uncertainly."I don't think this part does," said Harry, surprising himself. He had not quite consciously noticed until now, but he had a sense of the castle - his home, a welcome refuge - that had become more distinctly alive since he had first spoken to the wards, and it was utterly absent here. "I think the chamber is outside the main castle's enchantments, I could only feel the entrance before in the wards. That's probably why the Headmaster couldn't find it, when it was opened..."Did that mean that this was the real Chamber of Secrets? Or only that Tom Riddle had managed to interfere with the school's enchantments in this way, too?The three of them shifted uneasily."Ready?" Harry said, taking his wand out, and Ron, Hermione and Cho followed suit. Harry looked into the eyes of the two serpents and said, in Parseltongue, "Open."The wall split into two, and the chamber opened before them.The three of them looked into the Chamber of Secrets one more time. It was just as long and shadowy as in Harry's memory, and the pillars carved with twining serpents still stretched into the tall, dark ceiling. At the far end, the immense state of Salazar towered over them even at the distant end. But in between was the terrible sight of the dead basilisk. Harry had not really thought about its state, except for their need for its venom. If he had spared any thought he would have expected the basilisk to be rotten. But instead it was entirely intact, looking almost alive except for the shriveled wounds inflicted on its head by Harry and Fawkes years before, although the blood had long since dried."It's dead, right?" Ron said nervously."You can still see where I stabbed its mouth," Harry said, pointing. "I don't know why it hasn't rotted...""Perhaps it's poisonous to the scavengers in England," Hermione said, cautiously picking her way through the animal bones on the floor into the chamber. "They're not exactly native here, are they?""I can't believe you killed this when you were twelve," said Cho. "With a sword.""I'd have died if Dumbledore's phoenix hadn't showed up to help," Harry said. The three of them cautiously entered the chamber and made their way to the large, damaged head. "How do we actually, er, harvest the venom?" said Harry dubiously."I brought supplies," Hermione said. She swept a clear spot on the floor with her wand, and then knelt and rummaged in a quite small handbag, putting her arm in all the way to the shoulder. "Here!" she said, and extracted a set of flasks. "Er," she added, glancing over them, "It might be best if I did it - you need very good protective charms to handle basilisk venom safely, and Harry, Ron...""Potions has never been my strong suit," Harry said, shrugging. "Okay, if you don't mind...""We don't really need more than a flask of it anyway, it's a one person job," Hermione said, casting several spells quickly on her hands before she began to siphon a thin stream of venom from one of the great fangs into a flask by magic. "Just stand guard, I suppose..."The circle of wand light around the three of them seemed very small in the large chamber, dwarfed by the basilisk and the even larger pillars and statue. Harry did not quite want to look out into the depths of the Chamber of Secrets, but he also did not want his back to the room, and he had come here not just to retrieve the basilisk venom, but in the hope of answers. He stared into the dark depths until his eyes hurt, but did not see much of anything except for shadows that flickered in their wand light and seemed unnervingly to move."It's strange," Cho said, "Isn't it, that the snake doesn't even smell?"Harry frowned back at the snake. Since he had expected it to be a skeleton by now this had not occurred to him in advance, but she was right."It might be mummified," Hermione said, distantly. When Harry glanced back at her he saw she was still watching the stream of venom intently. "No moisture left in it to smell, you know. Or..." She frowned."Or?" Harry prompted, when she fell silent."There might be housekeeping charms," Ron said.Hermione said, "Good point. They could have kept pests out, too, actually. Harry, can you check? You know what they look like, right?""Er, the ones used now," Harry said, but he obligingly looked into the magic in the chamber.Instantly it went from a featureless dark cavern to a pyrotechnic display. "Merlin," Harry said, startled. "There's magic on everything..." As his sense of blinding magical light faded and he got a better look, he frowned. "And... The spell to check when another spell was cast is Specialis Revelio modified, right?" he said."Yes, but it won't work on anything meant to resist inspection," Cho said. "There's a ritual for spells that do but I don't know it.""I think that should be okay," Harry said and focused very hard on targeting what he was very sure was a stone-crafting spell they had learned in Charms in N.E.W.T. coursework, then cast the spell. And frowned, and cast it again, twice more."What did you get?" Cho said."I think..." Harry tentatively moved out a few steps and tried a related spell on the nearest stone pillar. "I think, whether the mirror is older or not, this whole room was set up in the forties. Aunt Cassie was right."There was a long silence."Imagine putting this place together at fifteen," Cho said, and she turned in a circle herself. "Merlin. He'd have to be so powerful - and crazy.""Harry," Hermione said, "Do you know how to check a living thing's age with magic? Could you use it on the basilisk, please?"Harry cast the spell, and not at all sure what he felt, said, "It was only about fifty years old when it died."They exchanged looks."Well, I guess that explains why it didn't eat Myrtle," said Hermione. "I bet it was too small at the time... God.""So much for the Chamber of Secrets and Slytherin," said Cho."But it's not in the castle's wards... And I think the spells on the entrance are older. So - what was here before he made this whole chamber?""Something much less impressive," said an unfamiliar voice from the left.Harry, Ron and Cho jumped violently. Harry lifted his wand but glanced at Hermione, worried she had spilled the venom on herself, but she had just capped the flask off and was sitting, mouth agape, unharmed; so he turned to the side. It was hard to see the ghost, like Orion Black; this was no glowing, translucent figure. But if he did not focus his eyes deliberately he had the impression of a man, middle aged, with black hair and a short black beard, leaning against the rock wall of the chamber."Er, hello?" said Harry."It's a pleasure to meet you, sir," said Cho, who seemed less disconcerted although faintly bemused, and bowed in his direction."Excuse me," said Hermione, clambering to her feet and securing the flask of basilisk venom in her bag. Then she stowed it in her cloak, folded her hands and bowed, too. "But would you be, er, Mr. Salazar?"The man seemed amused by this, and bowed in turn. "Yes, I was waiting for you to finish with the venom before startling you," he told them. "I am Salamo de Salazar. I wanted to say to you," he added to Harry, "Thank you for dealing with her." He gestured to the basilisk, and the glint of the wand light against nonexistent rings on fingers that were not there was far clearer than his face. "She might have been a fine creature in other hands, but this was no place for a basilisk. I was sorry that the only thing I could do for you was summon the Headmaster's phoenix, but Riddle wasn't the type to listen to any spirit that told him things he didn't want to hear, and the power of the dead is limited to speech.""You called Fawkes!" Harry said, astonished.Salazar smiled. "He was capable of reaching the Chamber in time, and phoenixes don't have to be persuaded that spirits are real. But you haven't told me your names.""Er, I'm Harry Potter, and this is Ron Weasley, Cho Chang, and Hermione Black," Harry said, belatedly bowing himself."But I know you!" said Hermione, astonished. "I didn't know who you were, but you're the spirit who was at the Purim spiel."Salazar laughed. "Yes, I come every so often to holidays, and I usually at least watch the first night seder when there's one held at Hogwarts, but introducing myself causes more trouble than it's worth." He paused. "When I was a young man in Spain, a member of the family Salazar, the Almohads expelled non-Muslims from their territory in al-Andalus. My family ended up in a lot of places, some only temporarily - we had been fairly wealthy, which at least meant we had the resources to leave. My parents died in Egypt, actually. But I had the foolish idea of making something of my life, and going somewhere new, and we had some trading contacts in the North, so I went to Britain. It's a long story. They dropped my first name from the records and tried very hard to erase it from the books after some conflicts with ecclesiastical authorities later on, though, and the order of elements in my name became rather garbled." "Weren't the Almohads the twelfth century?" said Hermione, pursing her lips."Yes." Salazar smiled ruefully. "You understand I haven't been reading many recent history books, but that story I think they tell about the four founders is more mythology than history. We were the most famous people associated with the school, but our careers at Hogwarts only briefly overlapped." He paused. "If we're going to talk, we should go and sit down. I'm afraid the hall is no longer very hospitable," he said, and Harry caught the movement as he glanced from end to end, "But if you come this way..."The four of them picked their way after Salazar's spirit through the bone-swept chamber, to a place in the shadowy far corner where Salazar pointed. "Harry, you should be able to open the door with Parseltongue," he said, and Harry obediently unfocused his eyes and whispered, "Open."A crack formed in the wall, and then the door swung in easily. It opened on a narrow stone staircase spiraling back upward. They climbed in single file into the eerie silence, until Harry found a wooden door at the top of the stairs and carefully opened it.Inside, they found a long, light room framed in wood, with a carpeted floor and tapestries hanging on three walls. The fourth - Harry startled to see - was filled with windows, looking out on the forest itself.  "I thought we were miles under Hogwarts!" he said."People often forget the castle is on top of a mountain," Salazar said as Harry went to the windows. "The Forest is very difficult to navigate - magical forests usually are - and we made it worse intentionally to provide a defense and an escape route. Those windows are nearly impossible to reach from the outside. The only approach to Hogwarts that's entirely clear is the one through Hogsmeade.""I'd always thought the maps were strange," Hermione said, trailing slowly around the room. Cho went to join Harry at the windows, squinting into the distance, while Ron stuck close to Hermione."The library is through the tapestry with the Pleiades on it," Salazar told them, and Hermione at once went to shift it aside. "I'm afraid Riddle got angry when he couldn't remove the books and tried to set fire to it--" Hermione made a soft, upset noise, "--But the spell work suppressing fire was effective and the damage was fairly minimal."Harry and Ron followed Hermione into the library, which proved to be a large but similarly light, wooden room full of shelves stacked with books and scrolls. Cho trailed after them. Hermione immediately went to the catalog sitting out on the table and began flipping through it. Harry, turning to look around, thought that he could not imagine rooms more different from the Chamber below. "So, Voldemort remade the chamber," he said, slowly, "So that he could - impress other students, wasn't it? He recruited people in school, Dumbledore told me that, and he'd need a good setting for it... Something to show how important it was that he was Heir of Slytherin, since he hadn't got any money or connections...""Exactly," Salazar said. There was a soft creaking noise, as though he had sat down on the wooden bench by the table. "The Chamber was always meant as an emergency retreat, a sort of underground keep, which is why the windows open onto one of the unreachable forest locations. Hrodwyn - you would know her as Rowena - and I kept our rarer books here, too, particularly after the political circumstances... That hardly matters now. Undoubtedly Riddle got a lot of use out of the library, but it wasn't the sort of place you would use to intimidate people. It wasn't meant to be. He had to remake it for that." Salazar sighed. "And he was incredibly gifted for a fifteen year-old. But he had to provide a monster, too, because one had been added to the story over time and he needed the Chamber to match, so eventually he found one, and began to use it to terrorize other students... Always making sure to avoid any deaths, anything that would take his home in the school from him. He also created a number of side chambers to use to experiment with magic away from the teachers and the monitoring enchantments on the main castle.""What really happened to Myrtle?" Harry said. "I mean, if you watched him in the Chamber?""I think that was an accident. She followed a group of Slytherin boys into the girls' bathroom one day - I mean, it was an odd place for them to go - and she hadn't been warned to close her eyes. Which made them all responsible for her death, and the need to find a culprit - to frame someone - bound them all the closer.""Then," Harry said, sorting through the information, "Any Parseltongue can access the Chamber, right? And the basilisk obeyed Voldemort because he's the one who raised it.""Yes. If you're wondering, I can't guarantee that the Gaunts are no relations of mine - I have quite a few, having had children a thousand years ago - but I don't know for sure. For that matter, any of the other Parselmouths who have found the passage down and used it for their own purposes coul have been. I have some documented descendants, but they don't live in Britain anymore. The ones who stayed here mostly converted to Christianity eventually and tried not to discuss their ancestry. "Parseltongue isn't rare, exactly, but over the centuries it was associated with Middle Eastern or Jewish descent in Europe - it's more common in North Africa historically - and Christians who can use it don't tend to publicize the fact, which meant that once magical Britain cut itself off from concern about the muggle religious authorities in Britain and forgot about my religion, unearthing a talent for Parseltongue was easy to claim as a special association with me." Harry had an impression that Salazar had shrugged. "But that ring of the Gaunts' certainly wasn't mine, it was a Peverell heirloom, and at least three quarters of magical Britain is related to them. They have graves in every magical cemetery in the isles. By the way, there's running water through that tapestry and it's clean enough to drink if that would help with your headache, Miss Chang." He indicated a hanging across from the doorway they had come in by."Thank you," Cho said and pushed the hanging aside. The sound of running water came through once the heavy, muffling fabric had moved, and Harry caught a glimpse of a gently arched doorway; then it swung back into place behind her and the sound was dampened.Harry swallowed. "There's something else I want to ask you," he said in Salazar's direction. Like Orion in the Black library, it was not possible to look directly at Salazar, which made holding a conversation difficult."Go on," Salazar said pleasantly."It's about my mother," Harry said. "Lily Evans. Did you meet her?""Ah, I wondered if you were related," Salazar said. "Yes, she found the Chamber when she was in school here. I wondered if she had told you about it when you came down with Mr. Weasley and that... teacher." Salazar's tone suggested he did not feel this was quite the word for Lockhart. Harry stifled a somewhat hysterical laugh. "How is she doing?"Hermione, nose in a book across the room, nevertheless winced. "She's dead," Harry said, shortly, and realized he could not remember the last time he'd had to actually tell someone he was an orphan. Had it been Draco Malfoy in Madam Malkin's, before first year? "Voldemort - Riddle, that's what he called himself later - killed my parents when I was a baby. That's why I wanted to know - I found a reference to the Chamber of Secrets in one of her books, but I didn't think there was anyone to ask why.""Ah," said Salazar after a pause. "I'm sorry I didn't realize it. May their memory be a blessing."Harry reflected that it was very odd to receive condolences for his parents' deaths from a ghost. He swallowed and said, "Thanks. So - she used the library here?""Very often," said Salazar. "She used to come down after lessons and read until late at night some days - I think she was lonely, fifth and sixth year for her especially. She mentioned she had had some falling out with her friend. A few times I had to wake her up because she fell asleep, but of course she couldn't remove the books to read elsewhere, any more than Riddle could. She asked me about him, she knew he was responsible for the basilisk, but there was only so much I could tell her, since unfortunately I can't exactly keep in touch with people after they leave the castle."So there was no point in asking Salazar what his mother had been working on, then, Harry reflected. "Well," he said, awkwardly, "Thanks.""You may always come back," said Salazar, "But perhaps you should go and catch up with your friends now. The injured girl - Daphne, I think you called her? - is near fainting." The trip back out was terse. Draco and Hermione both said that the only thing wrong with Daphne was blood loss, the snake bite being worse than she had admitted, but she was queasy and weak. Getting her up the pipe on a broom turned out to be a difficult task, made more complicated by the need to have Hermione and Tracey share brooms.Once they were out of the Chamber, they had to get Daphne to the hospital wing. Harry had nearly forgotten that getting in trouble was a possible consequence of sneaking around out of the dorms at night. Fortunately, Madam Pomfrey woke when they knocked on the infirmary, looked at them, and only sighed. "And what is the castle under attack by this time?" she said, when Daphne had been laid out on a hospital bed. "Giants? Acromantulas? Fenrir Greyback?""Er, nothing, she was bitten by a snake," Harry said."It is March," said Madam Pomfrey, "In northern Scotland. What kind of snake was this?""Er. Stone," Harry said."Why do I bother," Madam Pomfrey said, and threw her hands up. "Do any of you have any more enlightening information? Are the rest of you injured? No? Then get out. You can see her in the morning when curfew is over," she said, pointing at the door.They milled about outside the infirmary for a moment before Ron said, "We'd better get to bed. We'll find out how she is tomorrow."

Daphne suffered no serious effects from the incident in the Chamber of Secrets after some sleep and a dose of Blood Replenishing Potion. The next day was Saturday, so once she was released, the N.E.W.T. students decamped in a group to the library, where they studied and whispered about what they had found out last night under the cover of Muffliato. Harry wrote a letter to Aunt Cassie copying out the ingredients and book descriptions from his mother's journal, and added a quick summary of what they had found in the Chamber before encrypting the letter with magic. He still expected she would have a lot of questions for him during Easter Break, and might not reply until then.The next week was oddly normal. They would take the train home for Easter break next Saturday, bringing the basilisk venom with them in order to use it on the Horcrux in the Greengrass crypt. (Hermione had charmed the bottle so that it appeared to be hair potion in case of a search.) In the meantime, they continued their N.E.W.T. coursework, including a long and complicated Wardcraft essay on the methods for detecting a protective enchantment with a hidden "key," such as a password, a certain spell that unlocked the door, or, commonly but now illegally, blood, due the Friday before break began.Harry had mixed feelings on the thought of tackling the Greengrass crypt over Easter: once the last Horcrux was dealt with, the new problem of Voldemort himself would arise. But perhaps if Harry was the instrument of the Horcruxes' destruction, he thought, staring up at the hangings of his bed, Dumbledore could duel him instead... Someone really equipped to defeat him...Platform 9 3/4 was not quite so desolate as when they had left in September, but no one had come to pick up children alone, and there was still a hushed, tense air. Once home, Grimmauld Place felt much busier than Hogwarts, with so many people coming and going from the lower levels of a much smaller building. At the moment, Harry was grateful for this, since it allowed him to be lost in the activity of the family and avoid discussing his concerns about Voldemort.Harry could tell that Sirius had noticed he was feeling strange, but Sirius seemed to assume it was due to the end of the war and to Matilda's birth, something Harry had almost completely forgotten about. Sirius made an effort to spend time with Harry talking about other things, and it was a relief to Harry to be able to laugh about trying to construct a towering house of Exploding Snap cards or go for walks in muggle London with Sirius again without having to explain his strange moods or discuss the war.On Monday, however, Harry had to deal directly with the issue - for Monday was Ulrike Selwyn's second funeral, and while the Greengrass family crypt was open to receive her skeleton, they would enter to destroy the Horcrux."Officially, Argus Greengrass doesn't know about this," said Sotero, who had come over to discuss timing after Sunday dinner, and to see Hermione. He ran a hand through his curly black hair, a Sirius-like gesture, and corrected himself: "Officially, nothing's happening at all. Antiope Greengrass - Daphne's cousin - was apparently my mother's acknowledged lover in the seventies before her death, and Ulrike Selwyn was her personal friend, so Mother, attending the funeral, will remain behind and keep the crypt open until you arrive. That should avoid any public scandal, and I understand that the protections on the crypt were made to allow objects to be exchanged during the final funeral of family members for obvious reasons. Please don't do any visible damage to the structure or furnishings. If anyone does ask, Mother intends to claim she's removing the cursework Voldemort had her assist with, which is a more acceptable reason to interfere with a crypt, but it's better if no one has a reason to ask. Especially as she doesn't think she can really do that.""And try to be tactful," said Aunt Cassie from the other end of the parlor, where she was bent over a stack of complicated Arithmancy notes. "I know from experience that the standard British muggle response to seeing a traditional crypt is to cry out in horror, but Daphne's been raised to see it as normal and will not appreciate it. This is difficult enough for her.""Er, right," said Harry, who had glimpsed the opening of the Black crypt from the room below the kitchens and was not looking forward to having to actually go inside a different one."We'll try." Hermione echoed him.

Harry and the others arrived in a dusky moorland not long before sunset. In March, the moor was desolate and bare, and the wind was strong. The crypt was a small stone building without many obvious markings on the outside. Nearby there was a flat stone altar with a scattering of objects and the dim glow of candles visible, and a grove of trees planted around the altar as a windbreak.Waiting for them was Bellatrix Lestrange.She stood alone, a short way from the altar, with the hood of her cloak drawn up and her long hair falling from it, screening her face. As they approached in a group, she looked up, slowly, turning towards them, and smiled. At the same time a second figure rose from where it had knelt, concealed, among the trees by the altar, and came over to join them. Harry recognized Daphne as she pulled her hood back. There were tears on her face, but they dried rapidly in the vicious wind."Sirius," Bellatrix said."Bella," Sirius said, letting go of Harry's arm and frowning slightly back.Bellatrix was not put off. She went up to him easily, kissed his cheeks, and then - Harry choked slightly - his lips, although quickly. Aunt Cassie rolled her eyes. Hermione cleared her throat."Well," Bellatrix said slightly breathlessly, breaking off. "Shall we?""What exactly do you need to do?" Sirius said, recovering."The door is open, but I'd like to disarm the spell work before we actively interfere with the Horcrux. I already primed the door with blood - mine, and a few drops of Matilda's," Bellatrix said. "She's with Aunt Myrtle for tonight, by the way, she raised my children and did well enough with them. And her own." This remark was directed to Harry, who nodded awkwardly. "I think it only needs Mr. Potter to tell it to stand down in Parseltongue and there shouldn't be any more serious defenses, but I mean, it would be stupid to assume.""I don't see anything unusual," Aunt Cassiopeia said then, and approached the crypt. The door stood open, as Bellatrix had said, and and flickering light came from within. There was a dark stain across the threshold which - Harry was grateful to realize - smelled only of wine.Aunt Cassiopeia bowed to the open door, to Harry's surprise, and said, "By your leave," before she drew her wand out and began to cast detection charms, occasionally turning to Hermione beside her to explain or ask something. Several minutes later she concluded that Bellatrix had been right after all, so Harry was left to approach.Feeling awkward, he stepped up to the doorway, and thinking of the spirits he had already met, he bowed just as Aunt Cassiopeia had. He said awkwardly in English, "Excuse me." Then he focused his eyes on the crypt door, and thought involuntarily of the basilisk's mutilated corpse, the most recent snake he had seen... Sirius had the flask of basilisk venom Hermione had collected... No, that would not help. He thought determinedly of the python at the zoo when he was with the Dursleys and said, "Stand down."There was a faint shimmer of magic shifting over the open door, and nothing else, but some tension in Harry's shoulders and the back of his neck relaxed, and they went, as a group, to peer inside.The Greengrass crypt was much the same as the glimpses Harry had caught of pale bones in the Black crypt. It was larger inside than out, but not terribly so, and inside it were racks and bins and shelves, all full of shining white bones. There were bins of long leg and arm bones, smaller pots full of tiny hand and foot bones, piles of pelvises, and more. And on the walls, hovering over the bins, and staring directly at the entrance, were rows of shelves stretching up into the peaked ceiling, filled with lines of grinning, staring skulls.Harry caught his breath."Do you see the Horcrux?" Sirius called from outside.At first Harry wasn't sure he saw any objects except the bones, but his eyes adjusted, and he realized that here and there amongst the bins and shelves were other things. A large, slab-like table took up the center of the crypt, although it was bare. There were vases holding flowers, probably enchanted against withering, although some of them had obviously lost their magic over time. There was a tapestry Harry could not make out details of spread on the bare wall at the far side, and there were small objects placed on the wall or between or even in the bins with the bones: knives, robes, hair pins, even what looked like a gilded saddle and bridle for a horse."Here," said Daphne from directly behind Harry, making him jump. "That's new, I noticed earlier," she said, and gestured at cup in place between two skulls on the shelves to their right.Harry remembered that Daphne's mother had just been buried here, if buried was the term: one of those grinning skulls was hers, and the rest of her skeleton lay distributed among the other bones. It did not seem quite real that the living and breathing and extremely dangerous witch who had once tried to kidnap him in Madam Puddifoot's was now a stripped and anonymous skeleton, particularly without having seen her death himself. He wondered if Daphne also expected to be buried here, in this way, and what she thought of it, and firmly told himself not to ask. He also forced himself not to examine the skulls for dust to determine which might have been put in place only today.Instead, he approached the cup, accompanied by Sirius, who was taking the basilisk venom out of a pocket. The Horcrux did not look much like the golden, double-handed cup of Hufflepuff's that had been extracted from the Lestrange Gringotts vault. Instead, this cup was made of heavy silver, in an octagon shape, and the top was curved like a beaker. Sirius took it carefully from the shelf and put it down on the slab in the center of the crypt."Try not to get basilisk venom on anything," Aunt Cassiopeia said, "I doubt the Greengrasses can afford to replace the slab... and it seems removing it would be inconvenient.""I know, Aunt Cassie," Sirius said and took the flask from his bag."Wait," Hermione said, then, leaning over. "Let me see - what's that marking on the side?""Be careful, the Horcruxes can mesmerize," said Aunt Cassie.Hermione was studying the cup, and her lips were pressed together firmly. "It's not that," she said."What's wrong?" Harry asked, but Hermione only shook her head and said, "Later."After that it was surprisingly anticlimactic. Sirius carefully poured a small amount of basilisk venom from the flask into the cup and stepped back to a sizzling, burning sound. The cup shimmered and a distant scream sounded, and then the malevolent hum of its magic, which Harry had only been half-aware of, was gone."Well," said Sirius. "It's done.""So it is," Aunt Cassiopeia said, leaning over, and then turned to look at Bellatrix.Bellatrix was not watching them and the Horcrux at all. She had put her hands into her sleeves and was standing, jaw tensed, looking into the eyes of one of the skulls. When they turned to scrutinize her, she said, "Well, then," and to the skull in front of her, "Goodbye, Antiope."Hermione was studying the burnt Horcrux again. As Bellatrix turned to stride out of the crypt, she leaned over to say something very softly to Cassiopeia, who raised her eyebrows and said, "Daphne?""What is it?" said Daphne listlessly. She had also folded her hands into her sleeves, a mirror of Bellatrix. She stood with her back to them, looking between two bins, one containing what looked like finger bones and another piles of vertebrae."As the living representative of the Greengrass family," Cassiopeia said, in a measured, careful way, "And knowing that this cup was not deposited as grave goods, but in an attempt to use the crypt as a shield, would you object to its removal?""No," said Daphne, who sounded as though she was not really listening. "You can take, it's fine. I mean--" She swung around, had to remove her sleeve from where it had caught on a protruding long bone, and said, "You don't object, do you?" to the shadows. Two beats of silence later, she said "It's fine. Take it," and left abruptly."What was that about?" said Harry, mystified.Hermione, biting her lip, said, "It's - you remember, meeting Salazar? I think this was a kiddush cup. It has Hebrew on a maker's mark on the bottom, and around the rim. I don't want to - it's not meant as an insult to the graves," she said then, casting her eyes around the crypt anxiously, "But it's a ritual object and it shouldn't be left here."Outside the crypt, Sirius was talking quietly to Daphne, a ways away from the door. She had her arms crossed and was staring at her feet, but occasionally made a very tiny nodding gesture. Bellatrix had gone."The basilisk venom rendered it magically inert, and I've vanished the venom," Aunt Cassie said to Hermione. "I believe it should be safe to handle at this juncture. What are you, ah, going to do with it?""I don't know," said Hermione, frustrated. "My parents aren't really observant, I don't even know what you're supposed to do with a kiddush cup you want to get rid of, if there's anything... I guess someone at the school will know, though, I could tell Professor Sinistra something like the truth and see what she thinks.""It's supposed to be an artifact of the Slytherin family, isn't it?" said Harry, who was only sort of following this conversation. "You could ask Salazar, couldn't you?""Oh, good idea!" said Hermione, looking intensely relieved, and threw her arms around him quickly.Aunt Cassie, raising her eyebrows, said, "Which reminds me, I have a few questions for you two back at the house."

The rest of Easter Break promised to be less eventful. Harry regretted this, as it gave him more time to brood on his responsibilities now that the Horcruxes were destroyed - particularly as no one seemed entirely confident whether the war was really over, least of all those who had sought shelter in Grimmauld Place and had to decide whether to leave it now.For example, there was Agrimony and her husband and daughter - technically also in the category of former Death Eater informants. After their property had been torched they remained in Grimmauld Place, where they were relatively protected from retaliation by Voldemort. With fewer people around - especially the younger children in the families that had stayed in Grimmauld Place for the end of the war - Saffron was bored and restless. Distracting Saffron was not a terrible distraction for Harry himself, so he allowed himself to be dragged into playing with her, or helping her read. She was capable of reading simple sentences, but frustrated by the fact that books at her reading level were meant for much younger children.This meant that Harry learned about a number of the magical equivalent of fairy tales reading to her. Saffron, while unfamiliar with the written versions, knew the stories, and was astonished when he proved to have no idea who Babbity Rabbity was, or when he helped her read the Tale of the Three Brothers and was surprised by Death showing up as a character.So mostly Harry tried to pretend things were normal. He had a vague notion that Bellatrix might be the key - that she had known Voldemort better than anybody else, and certainly knew about his plans - but he did not think he could ask for her direct help in this way yet. He had always had a good sense of how to get people to tell him things, and his instincts said that now was not the time.Therefore, when Sirius asked, oddly nervously, if Harry and Hermione would like to come along with him and Aunt Cassie into muggle London, Harry agreed at once, grateful for the distraction. "I'm sorry I haven't had much time for you, the last year or two," Sirius said to Harry privately as Hermione went off to get her things, "I know this - whole political mess - wasn't really what you were picturing, coming to live with me... Tell you the truth, neither was I...""Of course I don't blame you!" said Harry, appalled, and went to hug Sirius tightly himself - still something he rarely thought to do. Sirius hugged him back, tightly. "There's been a whole war," Harry said, "That's not your fault."Still, it was good to have a chance to go for a walk in London with Sirius. He and Aunt Cassiopeia got into an argument about music after walking by a music shop, including a lot of bands Harry had never heard of, although Hermione seemed to be following it slightly better and found it hysterical. "Well?" Aunt Cassiopeia said, turning to her as they made their way into a cafe and were seated, "Do children these days listen to punk music? Because I personally think music is better at radically transforming the world when it's possible to understand the damned words, not to mention listening to it without getting a throbbing migraine--"The waitress had been taking Sirius and Harry's drink orders while Hermione, giggling, tried to come up with an answer. She turned, smiling tolerantly, and said, "And what will your wife and daughter have?" Harry blinked. Hermione started, too.Aunt Cassie said calmly, "He's my little cousin, actually, but coffee, please--" and the moment passed. Harry studied Aunt Cassie surreptitiously, disconcerted. He had noticed how young she still looked when they first met in person years ago, but somehow he had failed to see her youth since, or the fact that Sirius, who would turn thirty-eight this year, looked if anything a few years older than Aunt Cassiopeia. Harry wondered if Hermione would look just as young when she reached her eighties - if Hermione would always look so young as she did now."Speaking of scandal," said Sirius softly, once the waitress had cleared off, "If you look almost too young for me now, how is the drama with Irma going?"Hermione choked on her drink and said, "I forgot about that!""Yes, well, Irma doesn't want to announce the birth of an heir until it's secure," Aunt Cassiopeia said blandly. "But the rumors are doing plenty for us. And yes, the magic was successful, she's a few months pregnant and it's going well.""Is Bella right about the relationship becoming something more than a pretext, Aunt Cassie?" said Sirius slyly.Aunt Cassiopeia rolled her eyes. "I asked Margaret if she minded and she said, 'Hah, if you clear out of here to sleep with Irma Crabbe a few nights a week I might actually get some writing done'--""That insatiable, are you?" Sirius said solemnly, and Aunt Cassiopeia with great dignity kicked him under the table. "Ow! I know you said you were Bohemian types, but--""Sirius Black, you have just been telling me about the radical nature of seventies counterculture and I refuse to believe you are scandalized so I think instead you are teasing me. Bellatrix is merely annoyed because Irma told her she was too smart to fall for this blood supremacy crap when she returned to Britain in 1976--""True," said Sirius.Harry was only half-listening, although he felt a great contentment at being at the table with family companionably arguing, at the orange drink and sandwich he had ordered and at the ability to stare idly through the cafe window at the passers by on the street, feeling more or less one of them, more or less a normal and real person after all. Hermione had broken in to ask something about the ritual Aunt Cassiopeia had used to allow Irma Crabbe to bear children in her eighties, and Aunt Cassiopeia spread out a paper napkin and began attempting to draw a diagram on it, muttering, "Damn, I didn't actually bring paper and I can't conjure something in here--""There's a news stand across the street," said Harry, "I could go and get you something.""Could you, Harry?" said Aunt Cassiopeia, now totally absorbed in the diagram that was slowly shredding the paper. "I've just had a thought I don't want to forget about modifying it, actually--""I'll be back," said Harry, getting up and sidling around the crowded table next to them to dodge out the door. He dodged across the street quickly, went into the news stand and amused himself by choosing a cheap spiral notebook with a rose and rather nasty thorns on the front, and as an afterthought a pack of pens, because the one Sirius had dug out of his pocket had been rather close to drying up.He was just paying for it when a boy behind him in the line said, "Bit girly, isn't that book?""My aunt wanted something to write on," Harry said absently, not really interested in the argument, and thanked the shop girl without turning to look behind him. He ignored the snigger behind him, although he shifted the wand he had in a hidden holster under his jacket closer to his palm in case the boy was stupid enough to try to beat him up in public.He was just leaving the shop when a horrendously familiar voice said, "Dudley, where are you?" and he turned, at last, agape. Against his will, for the last thing he wanted was their attention, Harry said, "Dudley? Aunt Petunia?"They gaped back at him, equally shocked. Harry could not decide whether they looked exactly the same, better, or worse. At first he thought this was his brain rebelling against the fact that the situation was happening at all, but as he stared, details filtered in and he understood his confusion. They seemed less comical, caricatures of human beings than he recalled, although he did not know if that was a change or only his memory's exaggeration - Aunt Petunia horse-faced but less painfully thin, Dudley broad and fat but not immense. There were hints, though, that their circumstances had changed. Dudley was wearing a football shirt and jeans that fit but did not look painfully new, and his trainers were worn in. Aunt Petunia was wearing a much cheaper looking dress than he recalled, and neither her shoes nor her bag looked new."Harry," said Aunt Petunia, curling her lip, appalled, and it struck Harry that this was the first time he could recall her ever directly addressing him by his name."Thought you said that was for your aunt?" said Dudley dubiously."Uh, she's my godfather's aunt," said Harry, "It's faster that way, though. What are you doing here?" This was nowhere near Privet Drive, and Aunt Petunia and Dudley had never been in the habit of coming into the city into this sort of neighborhood recreationally. In fact Aunt Petunia spent as little time as possible around Dudley outside of the sort of mandatory occasions like birthdays and boxing matches, as too much contact might have caused her to have some idea what her son was actually like.Dudley shifted uncomfortably. Aunt Petunia said briskly, "Uncle Vernon and I are having a divorce. We live nearby."Harry had no idea what to say. This was beyond his comprehension, like a bizarre nightmare, and far less real to him than the Chamber of Secrets or the Greengrass crypt or even being kidnapped last year. He stared at Aunt Petunia and said, untactfully, "You mean you've got a job now?""I'm a secretary," Aunt Petunia snapped, "I went to school for it, that was how I met Vernon.""Wow," said Harry. "Er, good job." When had he last even thought of Aunt Petunia? When he had mentioned her to Dillena over Christmas, he thought and said, "--I have a question for you, actually," and before Aunt Petunia could snap at him about asking questions, "I know you gave some of my mother's friends to Professor - to her friend Severus Snape. Was her wand in the box, originally?""Be quiet," said Aunt Petunia, looking around frantically in case anyone had heard him say the word 'wand.' "No, it wasn't, and if it was I'd have thrown it out."Well, that was one question still unanswered. "Great. Goodbye," he said, turning for the doorway.It seemed that either his absence or his predicament had been noticed from the cafe window, however. Aunt Cassiopeia herself had gotten up and come into the store. "Ah, here you are, Harry," she said pleasantly. He saw Aunt Petunia look her over indignantly and take in her young face, her accent - still very posh - and the flowery skirt, ancient sweatshirt and ankle length braid, and immediately and indignantly identify her as a witch. "I wondered what was taking so long. This would be...?""His aunt," Aunt Petunia said, gritted. "And I don't know where you think you are taking that tone with me, Boy--" This was more familiar ground, thought Harry, "For twelve years we fed and clothed you and did our best to care for you--""Er, perhaps I was mistaken," said Harry. "I think you must be some other Aunt Petunia, since you're clearly thinking of someone else."Aunt Petunia spluttered. Dudley looked uncomfortable. Aunt Cassiopeia said blandly, "I think we should be going, Harry. Ms. - Dursley, was it? - I suggest you make no reply so that I will not be forced to remove your tongue and teeth from your head - I would feel quite bad about resorting to such violence and I'm afraid it would rather ruin Easter for me, so I would really rather not, I am sure you understand." She delivered this in her poshest accent, soft-voiced and so gently spoken it visible took a moment for Aunt Petunia to understand what she had just said. Just as indignation flared, Aunt Cassiopeia finished, "Good day," took Harry's arm, and propelled him back out of the newsstand."Thanks," said Harry, once they had reached the zebra crossing and he could think of something to say."You're quite welcome. I wanted to curse her but it was so public. And I wasn't sure how the wards would react.""The wards?" said Harry blankly."On your aunt." Aunt Cassiopeia blinked. "Oh, did you not look? There's magic all over her, quite impressive magic. I assume it's something your mother or Dumbledore did and didn't feel it was worth taking off... Or she paid someone else to do it. Here we are, and thank you for getting the notebook for me. He's fine, Sirius, he ran into an old acquaintance, shall we say."Harry was subdued through the rest of lunch.Back at the house, he went to his bedroom to think, and flip through his mother's journal again. Aunt Cassiopeia had obviously not paid much notice to Aunt Petunia being magically protected, and would probably not think further about it unless Harry asked her. He was not sure if he wanted to. Dumbledore had told Sirius, and him, so certainly, that his mother's protection had depended on Harry remaining with her sister... And perhaps it was even true. Perhaps this was some second and totally unrelated spell, something his mother had done, something Dumbledore had done, even something Aunt Petunia herself, who must know more about magic than she generally admitted, had done to try to keep other wizards away from herself. (Harry wondered briefly why she and Uncle Vernon had split up and decided that he did not actually care in any way.)But perhaps it was not. Had Dumbledore lied again about the blood magic? Or had he genuinely been mistaken? If there was one thing Harry had realized over the last few years, it was that magic was a delicate affair, often more an individual and personal art than a science, and it was often very tricky to determine what someone else had done after the fact, unless you had an exact account of the instructions they had followed. His mother had been a specialist in the sort of magics practiced by Aunt Cassiopeia and even Bellatrix, and Dumbledore was not well-versed in the most prototypical and blackest of Dark Arts. He might not have known.But if he had known, if there was any chance that it had all been a lie, then Harry would have to know, would have to find out the real reason Dumbledore had left him to be abused by the Dursleys. His heart pounded every time he thought of that stupid, five minute chance meeting... Stupid, too, to be so upset about it when nothing had happened...He had been lying in bed, trying to make up his mind whether to talk to Aunt Cassiopeia or Dumbledore and when, when someone knocked on the door.

"It's me," Sirius said. "Can I come in?""Sure," Harry said, sitting up and trying to straighten his bed covers. "I'm not busy."Sirius came in and sat down on the corner of the bed, glancing around. "Hey," he said, slowly, folding his hands in his lap. "You don't need to tell me about it, Harry, but I noticed you were upset when you came back to lunch, and now you're up here hiding. If you do want to talk...""Yeah," Harry said, sitting up, "I guess I do." He had been thinking of asking about the magic, but now that Sirius was here, and presented the option of talking to an adult about what the lies would mean and not the complicated technical issues, it was obvious this was what Harry had really wanted - at least as a first step. "Look, I ran into Aunt Petunia and Dudley today, that was why I was upset--""What did she do?" said Sirius furiously.Harry shook his head. "It was just awkward, she was a bit rude. I was rude back and Aunt Cassie interrupted and told Aunt Petunia if she made any reply she'd have to remove her tongue and she would be very inconvenienced, it was sort of funny, and then she pulled me out of the store. But that's not what's bothering me - I mean, it is, some, but really it's this," he said. "Aunt Cassie told me she looked at Aunt Petunia and saw that she had magic on her - just in passing, she said that was why she hadn't cursed her. She didn't think anything of it. But I thought Dumbledore told you - and he said it to me too - that my mother's protections depended on me living with the Dursleys? So if Aunt Petunia's not had me with her for nearly three years, and she doesn't even live at Privet Drive anymore - she said she and Uncle Vernon got divorced and she lives in London now - why does she still have magical protection on her? And... I know I should probably ask Aunt Cassie that, but what's really bothering me is, if Dumbledore lied again..."Sirius had been growing more and more tense through this explanation. When Harry finished he frowned and said, "I have no idea, but you're right, that's very strange. Aunt Cassie said it was a ward? Strong enough she didn't think she could easily break through it?""She just said she wasn't sure how they'd react.""Well, it could be the case that it's the ward Dumbledore was talking about, or that it's something else... I might go and have a look at Privet Drive later, or maybe go as Snuffles to the newsstand and see if I can trail her back to her house, have a look to see if there's magic anywhere else and I can tell who performed it and when. How does that sound? Fancy coming along?""Do we have to explain it to the others?" said Harry, who could not bear talking about the Dursleys with people who would pity him for the reminder.Sirius said they did not, so later that night Harry got his Invisibility Cloak and dressed in muggle clothing, and he and Sirius went back to London. At first Harry kept the Cloak folded up and simply pretended to be walking his large black dog. Sirius leapt at squirrels to amuse him, and ran up to people who waved and licked their hands, and made Harry laugh very hard, until they found the newsstand and he settled down to sniff back and forth. After some time circling, he seemed to find what he was looking for, pricked his ears, and began trotting down the pavement at a fast clip, making Harry rush to keep up. They wound through back streets for some time, then Sirius trotted confidently down the steps to the Tube until Harry stopped him, sighing. It had been too much to hope that Aunt Petunia really lived within walking distance."Ah, well," said Sirius, once he had come back from changing back in the men's restroom, "We can still check Surrey... Let's go find a private spot to Apparate."Returning to Privet Drive was surreal. Sirius and Harry shared the Invisibility Cloak, an awkward proposition between two adult-sized people, but just barely manageable. It was obvious that Uncle Vernon no longer lived in the house, either: the front flower bed had been torn out and replaced with a hedge, and the trim had been painted a shade of teal that Harry was certain the Dursleys would not have approved. They circled the house, Sirius muttering detection charms and occasionally prompting Harry to try, and frowned.It was obvious to both of them that quite a lot of magic had been done here many years ago, around the time of Harry's birth. It was not easy to tell month from month, however, or who the practitioner had been. The one thing they could both be fairly certain of was that Dumbledore had not been the main caster: blood sacrifice had been used. But, as Sirius said when they went home in disgust, that might have been Lily - or some Death Eater who had scouted out the house after Harry was sent there - or even Dumbledore's attempts to adapt Lily's magic. Nothing was certain."We could bring Aunt Cassie in, though," Sirius said, "I'm sure she could work it out."

The next day, Aunt Cassie brought Harry back to Privet Drive to investigate herself.While Sirius and Harry had used Harry's invisibility cloak to avoid notice when they came at night, Aunt Cassie told Harry to dress in muggle clothing, took them to the nearest sheltered Apparition spot, which turned out to be a stand of trees in the children's park, and then strolled casually down the pavement with him. Harry felt horribly conspicuous like this: it was easily possible that the neighbors would recognize his distinctive hair, eyes and scar. While Aunt Cassie was dressed impeccably muggle in a denim jacket and a long, Indian print skirt, and had pinned her hair up into a bun as big as both of her fists put together, she also was dressed like the sort of person Aunt Petunia would have gossiped about with the neighbors for weeks."Don't worry so much," said Aunt Cassie calmly, turning at the street sign for Privet Drive. "At worst, someone will come out and rudely ask what we're doing here and I will be rude back. I am very accomplished at it. This is the house?"They stopped and looked up the lawn of number four, minus its long time residents. The lawn was no longer quite so emerald and spotless, and in the daylight Harry could see the hedge that had replaced the flower beds was due for a trimming. There was an artistic looking wind chime hung on the front porch that would have made Aunt Petunia sniff disapprovingly, and someone had started a climbing vine up one side of the house."This is it," said Harry, irrationally picturing Aunt Petunia emerging from the now blue-painted front door and having a go at him over the state of the lawn."I can see the magic." Aunt Cassie put her hands out and said an incantation Harry did not recognize under her breath, then said, "That should redirect most attention from us, unless someone is particularly strong-willed. It's more convenient than invisibility if you're going to do something that affects your surroundings, I'll teach you later. Hold my bag, please."Harry held Aunt Cassie's purse while she groped in it, arm sunk in the tiny bag up to her shoulder. "Ah, here we are," she said, and took out chalk, a hand mirror, a roll of twine, and several other miscellaneous supplies, then sat down cross legged on the pavement and began to write with the chalk.The afternoon stretched on, and felt increasingly like something out of a bizarre nightmare. Harry was constantly braced for someone to come up and object to their activities - if not the Dursleys, perhaps Dudley's best friend Piers, or one of the neighbors Aunt Petunia gossiped with, or Mrs. Figg, who used to mind him. Aunt Cassie was willing to explain what she was doing but the explanations were complicated, and Harry too tense and frightened to follow them. She would frequently get some result in her hand mirror and frown, and have Harry measure a different angle with a protractor and twine, and adjust the diagram on the pavement in sidewalk chalk before starting again. Twice, a resident of Little Whinging came by and stepped neatly into the street to go around them, eyes sliding over the woman and teenage boy doing magic in the middle of the walk as though nothing much was happening, then got back on the pavement and kept going. Harry felt as though he was going slightly mad."Ah," said Aunt Cassie at last, what seemed like an eternity to Harry later, but according to his watch had been perhaps an hour. "I think that's all we're going to get from this house, Harry, at least unless we can go inside. Hold my bag again."As Aunt Cassie packed her supplies back into the bag and poured water over the chalk on the pavement, the front door of the house banged open, making Harry jump as though a wand had gone off. A middle aged woman came out, with dark hair in the process of going gray, wearing a jumper and jeans, and dangly earrings. Harry blinked, feeling as though he had missed a step in a dream and jolted awake. This was not Aunt Petunia. This was not even a woman Aunt Petunia would have deigned to speak to in the grocery store."Sorry, sorry!" she called, crossing the scraggly lawn in a hurry and stopping a few feet from them. "I didn't want to interrupt, but do you have a minute?"Aunt Cassie had said most people wouldn't be able to see them, Harry recalled, glancing at her in concern.Aunt Cassie looked unperturbed. "I think we do," she said, smiling affably at the woman. "I apologize if we disturbed you.""Not at all!" the woman said. "Watching you was fascinating. Do you mind if I ask what you were doing? I'm Patricia Collins, my husband and I just moved here last year.""Cassie Wright," said Cassie, extending a hand and still smiling casually, as though they had not just been observed by a muggle doing magic in public for several hours. Wright, Harry remembered distantly, heart pounding, was Margaret's last name, and the name Aunt Cassie said was on her muggle ID. "This is Harry," she continued, to Harry's horror, "He used to live in this house.""Er, nice to meet you," said Harry, shaking Mrs. Collins's hand, because he had no idea what else to do.As Harry listened, torn between terror and a sort of hysterical laughter, Cassie explained that they had been doing a sort of folk magic ritual because of bad luck to do with Harry's family, and that she often did this sort of thing for interested people. "I'm afraid we've got to get going," she said, reaching into her jacket pocket, "But you could give me a call if you've got more questions, I'd love to talk," and passed a business card to Mrs. Collins."Oh, but won't you come in for tea?" she said eagerly. "You know, everyone in this place is incredibly stodgy..."Aunt Cassie hesitated, then said, "Actually, if you wouldn't mind me repeating one or two things inside..."Harry remembered, in a state of frozen agony, that Aunt Cassie had said she might get more from inside the house.Tea was awkward. Mrs. Collins cooed over the involvement of a boy Harry's age. Aunt Cassie deflected most conversation for him but had to do this while crouched over the threshold, holding her skirt out of the way with her left hand. Whenever Mrs. Collins came back into the redecorated yet still horrifyingly familiar kitchen to see Harry, he was left on his own to stammer. But when Aunt Cassie came to retrieve him, there was a coolly satisfied look in her eyes, so she must have found something. Harry hoped it had been useful.Harry waited until they were back at the Apparition point to say, "What was on that business card?"Aunt Cassie cast him a wry look, and handed him one as well. He read:CASSANDRA WRIGHT FOLK HEALER AND PSYCHICBelow this was Aunt Cassie's telephone number."Of course most of the cold calls I get are from the very imaginative, the troubled and those with too much time on their hands," said Aunt Cassie. "But most of Margaret's and my own friends know what I am - if not everything about magical Britain - and sometimes pass people with real magic problems on, cursed heirlooms and magical pests and the like, or people with mundane problems that can only be solved with magic. I think I told you when we met that I work on using magical healing for muggles? We can't fix all medical problems, but there are some we can. And I know how to be patient with people who are really looking for a sympathetic ear, without swindling them out of thousands of pounds, so I don't think dealing with the spurious is too much of a burden." She gave a small shrug. "I have a friend answering my phone right now, since Margaret and I are staying in Grimmauld Place, and passing the real problems on to me. This was a large part of my life before coming back to our world."Harry was torn between two mental images: bizarrely, Professor Trelawney, and a disturbing recollection of Arthur Weasley complaining about the inconvenience of having people's memories wiped after they ran across biting doorknobs and teacups.Aunt Cassie cast him a look as though she knew what he was thinking and said, "A lot of muggles believe in magic anyway. I think this way is less intrusive. Shall we go and discuss our findings, now?""Yeah, sure," Harry said, and took her hand.Aunt Cassie took him to a Chinese buffet in London and seated them in a shadowy corner where she could easily cast a few charms to prevent eavesdropping for greater privacy. Harry had had a hard time concentrating on selecting food and now sat eagerly, waiting for her to finish. "What did you find out?" he said immediately, when she dropped her hands and went to unpackage her straw."You were correct that the magic cast at Privet Drive was done by your mother, and I think I know what it was," said Aunt Cassie at length. "The problem is that it explains very little, and cannot, I think, be the magic responsive for your survival.""What is it?" said Harry eagerly."I believe that your mother cast what we could call a Curse of the Kinslayer, which protects a family from a relative who seeks to kill their own kin. It can only be enacted once murder is attempted the first time, but given that Riddle had in fact tried to kill her before she went into hiding, which the prophecy implies, presumably this was not a difficult requirement to meet. The rest is a matter of somewhat obscure ingredients and tedious ritual, but well within your mother's abilities.""But - if it works on a kinslayer," said Harry, fingers clenched into his palms, "Does that mean he was right about being related to us?""Maybe," said Aunt Cassie. "The exact definition of family in this context is... somewhat complex, given that almost everyone in magical Britain is related anyway. It's possible that if he had publicly acknowledged her as kin that would be enough. Unfortunately, given your mother didn't explain herself in her journals and Riddle is unlikely to politely answer questions on the subject, it may not be possible to determine. I could test your relationship with him given some of his blood, but I think he is unlikely to cooperate.""Yeah," said Harry, "If I write him a letter saying, 'Dear Dark Lord, Please forward a vial of your blood so I can check if we're long-lost cousins...""Probably he would not comply, no." Aunt Cassie smiled dryly. "And I doubt he complied with your mother, either. It's possible that Bella would know if Riddle had some evidence they were family, or - Severus Snape was friendly with your mother, so you could ask him. If Sirius knew I can't imagine he would have kept it quiet this long. Barring answers from one of them, that line of inquiry may be fruitless. The other problem is the effect of the curse.""Yeah?" said Harry. "You said it couldn't explain - me surviving?""No. It may explain Riddle's inability to touch you, and why adding your blood to his would have negated it - that probably made him appear to the curse to be a different relative of you and your mother, one protected from the kinslayer instead of the target of the curse. But as you observed when facing him, that curse can only do so much. It would protect the family home it was cast upon somewhat better - most likely Riddle could not enter Number 4, Privet Drive as long as any member of Lily Evans's family lived there - but still, it didn't deflect the Killing Curse. Especially as it wasn't cast in Godric's Hollow anyway. No, I think your mother must have been involved in two pieces of magic, although..." Aunt Cassie frowned and belatedly took up her spoon to sip at her wanton soup."Although?" said Harry eagerly, although he remembered to actually take a bite of his food at this point himself."It may explain Dumbledore's actions. There is... a somewhat notorious Black blood-based protection for a household - I think Antandre and I discussed it in front of you last summer--"Harry swallowed heavily, no longer feeling hungry, and took a sip of his drink instead. He remembered the disturbing conversation about human sacrifice now."I see you recall. Well, your mother didn't use it and this doesn't look very much like it to me, but I can see how Dumbledore might have concluded it was a possibility from the effects he knew of, and not been either certain how to investigate the issue without assistance from a possible traitor, or willing to investigate at all, since if he had confirmed your mother murdered a family member and trapped their soul int he ward he would be obligated to dismantle it at once. It also isn't an easy thing to research. Your mother had access to any books Sirius had with him when he left, but Dumbledore would not have been able to ask Arcturus Black to look in the family library.""What do you mean," said Harry, whose thoughts had traveled in a different direction, "Someone's soul is trapped in the Little Hall?""Traditionally," said Aunt Cassie, studying the salt shaker at length, "The Black family is raised from birth with the understanding that our noble privileges come at the price of volunteering to die for the House if required, whether in combat or in ritual sacrifice. Before we renewed the magic on the ward, I spoke to the soul in question, who used to be my many times great uncle, and he reassured me he is content to continue doing his duty. I don't believe it's my right to overrule him, however much I might object to the idea that brainwashing a child from birth creates a meaningfully consensual sacrifice.""...Right," said Harry, and moving on, hastily, "But that's not what Mum did.""No. You might ask Dumbledore if that is what he was thinking. It would explain a few things. But as for what does explain your survival..." Aunt Cassie regarded him thoughtfully."I identified what I could of the books your mother was using. My best guess is that she was examining soul magic and death magic at the time of her death, neither of which is a surprise to us, but I investigated some of the specific titles. Incidentally, since you have decoded the journals, please leave that book my idiot niece sent with you at home instead of bringing it back to Hogwarts and tempting fate." Harry flushed. "I'll have a look at it, too, if you don't mind, but I don't think it will change my conclusions much, as they are unfortunately vague. Some of the ingredients she wanted, I can guess at her use of, some I do not know. She seems to have been researching Horcruxes, but as her enemy had a number of them, that tells us little."What we do know is this: Riddle arrived at her house, intending to kill all three of you. He killed your parents and then apparently failed to kill you. His body was never recovered and seems to have been vaporized. His spirit was scattered across the world, but his Horcruxes remained intact. It is not terribly difficult to vaporize a human body, especially for a witch like your mother, so in one sense our criteria are far too broad. In another they are far too narrow, as all of the means I can think of would be most easily cast by a living witch, or by a specific trigger, created with, say, Arithmancy or a cursed object. Perhaps there was such a trap, but then it would be wholly unrelated to his cursing you, and so how did you survive to be marked by that scar?" Aunt Cassie shrugged. "It would help if we knew more about her last moments, but..."Harry's breath felt hot. He swallowed again hastily, and said, "I know."

"It's - you know they put dementors around Hogwarts, when Sirius escaped? When they get too near me, I - pass out," Harry said, staring at the plastic table cloth, "And I hear my parents' deaths, and Voldemort..."Aunt Cassie put a hand over the table on his shoulder. "I'm sorry to have reminded you," she said, gently. Harry realized he was shaking at her touch. He reached up to squeeze her hand hard, and took slow breaths until it stopped."I can get too caught up in a problem and forget the people involved," said Aunt Cassie eventually. "It is a flaw I have never been able to entirely control."Harry shook his head. "I brought it up because - if it might help...""If you feel able to share it," said Aunt Cassie, and listened solemnly to Harry's shaky recounting of his father's last stand, his mother's begging, Voldemort's offers to spare her.Aunt Cassie frowned at the end of it, and pushed his plate pointedly towards him. Feeling shaky, he took a bite and she said, "This will be rather heartless of me, but to be clear, she actually begged him to kill her instead of you? And he told her to stand aside, offering to spare her?"

"And this happened more than once? You heard different words?"It had been several years since Harry had encountered the dementors so helplessly, and he had to stretch his mind back. "I think so," he said. "I don't really know... Would a Pensieve help?"Aunt Cassie shook her head. "Not with scraps like this. Oh, well. If it was a given number of times that would be particularly significant, but... The obvious question is why she didn't fight, isn't it?""I suppose," said Harry, blinking."Yes. I suspect she had a plan that required her death, knowing that... Or her apparent death." Aunt Cassie frowned deeper, and sipped from her drink. "I will need to consider this further in light of what you've told me, and what we found today. Forgive me, but I do not want to offer suggestions I may have to rescind just yet."

They returned to Grimmauld Place to find an enormous commotion, centered, apparently, on a screaming match between Bellatrix, Andromeda and Lucretia. Bellatrix was standing in the entrance way, dressed only in a pair of drawstring trousers linen trousers and a thin, nearly translucent shirt of the kind some witches wore as underwear beneath their robes. Both of these articles of clothing, as well as Bellatrix's braided hair, were sopping wet.Listening, Harry eventually understood that the adults had been arguing over the wisdom of anybody going to the cave described by Kreacher in order to wade through hundreds of Inferi and locate Regulus Black's corpse for several weeks. They had agreed it would be stupid to do this until Voldemort was really dead, and the enchantments on the Inferi had a chance of fading. Bellatrix had quietly accepted this, said she was going home, and asked Kreacher to take her to the cave instead."You might have died," said Aunt Andromeda furiously, "And Merlin knows what would have happened to the Truce--""The rite markings would have shown up on Travers instead and Lestrange could sorrowfully announce I'd offed myself, being notoriously insane," said Bellatrix unrepentantly. "Don't give me that look, the funeral would have been fantastic, you could have served champagne. Anyway I'm back now, and you might have noticed I'm still alive so there's no point going off on me. That isn't the point. The point--""Darling," said Aunt Druella, who had emerged reluctantly some time after Harry and Aunt Cassie's arrival, "You might at least have let someone know where you were.""Kreacher knew, so there," said Bellatrix. "Anyway--""Kreacher does not count as a person," said Aunt Andromeda, and over Hermione's protests from above her on the stairs, "Because he despises you, Bella, I remember him putting glass in your food--!""That was because Aunt Walburga told him to do it because she thought I was seducing her husband," Bellatrix pointed out. "He stopped when Uncle Orion told him to ignore her orders about me.""You were ten years old," Aunt Andromeda said indignantly. "And Uncle Orion had to order him to serve you edible food, too, because he just pitched a fit and said it was on his own behalf--"Aunt Narcissa, arriving down the stairs, opened her mouth and began, "When it comes to Kreacher--" but Harry never found out the rest of her opinion. Bellatrix, seeing her, rounded on her:"Cissy!" she said. "What in the name of Morgana and Arthur's incestuous love affair is this I hear about you marrying Severus Snape of all people?""Who told you?" said Aunt Narcissa."What, was it a secret?" said Aunt Andy."I'd meant her to find out when it was over!""I could always kill him," pointed out Bellatrix. "If you're so worried you'd have been better off telling me in time for me to interfere another way.""Don't you dare, Bella! Anyway you can't, he's at Hogwarts now.""I'm sure at least one of the students already present could be persuaded to poison him, it isn't as if he's done himself any favors the way he acts," said Bellatrix, folding her arms. "Who do we know who didn't go home for the holidays?""For all you know I'm pregnant and you're plotting to murder my child's father," said Narcissa, which, Harry thought, was rather a low blow all things considering."Has he finished adapting Wolfsbane, then?" said Bellatrix, boredly."Well, no," admitted Aunt Narcissa, "We decided on a workaround, though, I got Christina Parkinson to surrogate for me.""Isn't that Pansy Parkinson's aunt?" said Harry, surprised into joining the conversation despite having no intentions of it."Yes, she and I were dating in school," said Aunt Narcissa, "Also Ulrike Selwyn - me, I mean, I think someone mentioned that to you, I used to play them off each other to make them mad.""As you see, Narcissa has been exactly this way since she was born," said Bellatrix, rolling her eyes. "But I still--""As illuminating as this argument is," said Lucretia, curtly, "Perhaps Bellatrix could explain where Regulus is, and go and dry her hair properly instead of dripping on the eighteenth century carpet."In the silence that followed, Bellatrix said, "That is what I have been trying to tell you. I went to retrieve Regulus, but I couldn't, because he's been moved. There were no recent corpses related to the family at all. The Dark Lord must have retrieved him without telling us.""Probably trying to blackmail the family," said Andromeda."He'd have had to notify us he'd done it," said Narcissa."He probably expected Bellatrix to go," said Sirius, running a hand over his face. "Look, I'm as upset as you are, he's my brother, but does this mean he knows that we know about the Horcruxes?""He already knows we know about the Horcruxes since I publicly defected," said Bellatrix, irritably. "That isn't the point, it's--""We should probably check," said Aunt Druella, "That ritual of Draco Black's - would it work with his daughter's blood the way the crypt--""I believe it should be adaptable," said Aunt Cassie, behind Harry, frowning severely. "Although making a Horcrux is not a trivial endeavor at the best of times, and at a certain point he is going to kill himself if he tries again anyway.""What ritual?" said Lucretia."I don't give a hippogriff shit about your attempt to find the Horcruxes," said Bellatrix, "What I care about is that he's taken Reggie's body--"Aunt Druella said, "I can write to the Dark Lord and ask about that - or I suppose Aunt Cassie--""I would be happy to inquire," said Aunt Cassiopeia calmly. "In the meantime, if you could all please move and let the two of us up the stairs...""Was my brother... inappropriate... with you?" said Lucretia carefully to Bellatrix, with a certain stiff look on her face."Oh, no," Bellatrix said carelessly. "I mean, I sometimes got the impression he would have been fucking me if he wasn't terrified of sex, but that was my father. And Aunt Walburga was as well, what hypocrisy, but then she might simply have been annoyed Uncle Orion wasn't sharing the experience she imagined he was having with her. I was the prettiest one in the family until Cissy grew up a bit. Anyway, I'm off to bathe, let me know what he says, Aunt Cassie."

Aunt Cassie did not reach conclusions about Harry's mother or receive a reply from Voldemort -if she had really written and not only said she would to appease Bellatrix - before Easter Break ended, so it was with few answers that Harry handed over the book on soul magic and repacked his trunk before their trip to Kings Cross. At least the second use of the Horcrux location ritual had located only one piece of Voldemort's soul, the man himself. At the moment of the ritual he had been located in southern France, outside Britain entirely.Back at Hogwarts, the fifth and seventh years were totally consumed by exams. Even the sixth years were beginning to worry about their routine N.E.W.T. level exams, as well as the upcoming Apparition test date for those who had turned seventeen by April twenty-first. Ron, who had managed to Apparate only a few times in the last month, was particularly nervous, although Harry could not take the test until August anyway. Still, there was a bright spot: in the absence of attacks on the public, security measures at Hogwarts had relaxed. Harry, Ron and Hermione went to see Hagrid the first weekend back at school, where they pretended to be interested in the news that the Acromantula colony that Aunt Cassie had arranged to have transported to their native land was doing well, and more sincerely asked Hagrid about the lessons he was teaching this year.Hogsmeade weekends would also resume in April, with the old post-war rate of only one per month for the rest of the year so that staff could be spared for security purposes. The next Hogsmeade weekend would be the nineteenth and twentieth, just before the Apparition test. In the wake of this announcement, Draco startled his friends by announcing he was going with Pansy, and they were seeing each other again."Are you sure about that?" said Daphne, eyebrows tilting caustically up."I told you, I'm not gay," Draco said with irritation."I was actually thinking about the fact that at the beginning of the school year, she had resigned herself to marrying a Death Eater if her parents asked her to.""Well, she's not now," said Draco, "Her aunt Christina's on a place on Black land now and she's, um, apparently involved with Mother and Professor Snape--""What, at the same time?" said Ron, making an appalled face."Fancy being 'involved with' Snape," said Tracey. "--Sorry, Draco, but you know it's true.""Yes, and Pansy went to stay with her over Christmas break, so she says she doesn't have to listen to her father's ideas about her marital prospects anymore.""Wait, are you telling me Ezra Parkinson objected to you?" said Daphne. "After you were adopted by the Blacks? That's insane, even if you are like, fourth or fifth in line, the whole family's got more money than Arthur Pendragon.""Ezra Parkinson doesn't want his daughter marrying Lucius Malfoy's discarded whore, apparently," said Draco, cheeks pink, and loudly asked someone halfway down the table to pass the chicken, cutting off this line of conversation for several minutes with an argument about whether he was being a prat."Pansy was the one who got us the target list," said Harry quietly to Daphne, who blinked in surprise.Daphne said, "Okay, she's not so bad. But," she added, glancing at Draco, "I don't know what happened with Hannah, but...""Pansy," said Draco tiredly, "Has known me since I was about five years old, and isn't surprised that I turn into an evil bastard for no apparent reason when I get upset. And since we've been talking about getting married for ages, she knows what upsets me, and that I don't always want to... Anyway, she grew up with about a dozen children in the house, she doesn't exactly mind that we might not have children quickly. Whereas Hannah Abbott, if she is going to get married immediately after school, would like it to be to a boy who is willing to have sex with her, or at the very least reliably kiss her back and not shout or be sarcastic at her when she propositions him. Are we quite finished? Shall I take out an advertisement in the Prophet to describe the exact details, or can you all shut the hell up, now?"Harry's mind was on other things. He had made up his mind to go up and see if Dumbledore had time to speak with him fourth period today, after Defense, in case he started putting it off. A part of him was not sure Dumbledore would even let him in; the DA had been one thing, but Harry was no longer so important to his plans, surely, with the war over - and had he ever been anything else to Dumbledore, but a particularly useful pawn in the war strategy?To make matters worse, he had looked over his mother's journal again in preparation for asking Dumbledore questions, and found a line he had missed near the end, where she worried about whether Voldemort's exact method of immortality would interfere with her unspecified plans. It seemed she had not in fact known Voldemort had had Horcruxes - so why had she been researching them? Only because he could have used them?He brooded on these problems all through the Defense class after lunch. Professor Selwyn announced that they would start a new lesson today on exorcisms, but Harry only half-noticed Seamus putting his hand up and asking if they could use this lesson to exorcise Peeves, to his classmates' hilarity."Unfortunately," said Professor Selwyn, "Poltergeists are one of the more difficult entities to remove, and the Hogwarts castle enchantments make it particularly hard to expel any entity that isn't actually dangerous. Which leads me to the first set of criteria for determining how to exorcise a spirit and whether it's possible. Does anyone know what sort of information matters? Miss Black?""Whether you're exorcising a spirit from a place, from a person or object, or from this plane of reality," said Hermione crisply, "And the second is what level of materialism the spirit embodies...""Meaning what sort of entity it actually is, because 'spirit' is fairly broad, take five points to Gryffindor," said Professor Selwyn, dropping the arm loud of books she had carried in on the table with a bang. "Which one is easiest? Mr. Potter, care to take a guess?"Harry jumped, jolted back into reality by the use of the name. He guiltily touched Hermione's mind to ask, on the edge of the Occlumency shields she had acquired working with Aunt Cassie, What did she ask? "Er," he said aloud, stalling.Hermione distinctly pictured a set of disembodied eyes rolling, but also remembered the question for him, carefully refusing to let any hint of the answer creep out."Right," said Harry, "Well - it's easier to remove a spirit from limited focus than from reality in general," he said, and tried to remember if he had read anything pertinent. "Er - usually person or object would be easier than place, because they're more contained, but in some cases it's more difficult because of interactions with other enchantments. And... The less real a spirit is - the less it's materialized - the more tenuous its grasp is, but on the other hand, the more difficult it is to actually affect it to force it out, right?""Precisely," said Professor Selwyn, who wasn't a Legilimens and would have no idea Harry had just had to check the question without being told, "Take another five points. As usual, 'which is easiest?' is always answered with 'it depends.' We'll begin with banishing a prototypical ghost - like the ones you've seen in this castle - from a location, a purpose for which several spells exist. The disadvantage of this situation is that a ghost is aware and intelligent enough to resist you, being essentially a person. So the first step you want to take is generally to ask them to relocate and offer incentives. Assuming you've already done that..."Harry tuned back out again. Normally Defense was his favorite subject, but the question of lingering spirits was not comforting when he was worried about what Dumbledore had told him about his mother's lingering protection. He did pay enough attention to take notes on the spells Professor Selwyn told them about, and for the second half of the class they got up and practiced casting them, but he missed the homework entirely and had to ask Hermione on the way out to find out they had been assigned two feet of parchment on either the interactions between exorcisms and existing spellwork on a person, place or object, or the effects of emotional attachment between the ghost, the location of the haunting, and the exorcism's caster.Then he was finally free to go and ask the Headmaster difficult questions. Harry climbed the spiral staircase to Dumbledore's office slowly and nervously one more time. When he knocked, and identified himself, Dumbledore called him in, not sounding unhappy at all. As he greeted Harry, he pushed aside a large stack of correspondence: "Letters from parents," he said, "I am happy to say a few students who were withdrawn from school in the the last years are returning to Hogwarts... But please sit down, Harry, good afternoon.""Good afternoon," said Harry awkwardly. He had stormed Dumbledore's office in order to argue a few times now, but it did not seem to have improved much. "I wanted to," he said, and paused, as he could hardly say 'accuse you of lying to me.' "Ask you something, sir.""So I assumed," said Dumbledore. "Lemon drop?""No thanks," Harry said. "It's about my mother, and... the protections," he said, carefully. "You told me - and Sirius said you told him - that they depended on me living with her relatives. But I, er, ran into Aunt Petunia in London over break, just in passing, and..." He hesitated, remembering that she and Professor Dumbledore not like each other, and that he should perhaps not confess she had openly done ritual magic in the middle of a muggle neighborhood. He went on, "Aunt Cassiopeia was there and said she still had protection magic all over her. She thought Aunt Petunia might have paid another wizard to do it, but Sirius and I went to Privet Drive after and there are signs of someone doing blood magic there around when I was a baby... and I wanted to ask, sir, was that you?" he said, unsuccessfully trying to keep the accusation out of the question and ask it neutrally. "I mean, how did you know that I needed to live with Aunt Petunia?"Dumbledore hesitated a very long moment, face falling. After a time, he picked up a quill and turned it in his hand, avoiding Harry's gaze, and said, "I did not deliberately lie to you.""Only by accident? Sir."Dumbledore, to Harry's surprise, laughed at this sarcasm. "So you might say. Harry - I will get to the point eventually, but please bear with me a moment - in the last war, you know that both of your parents worked against Voldemort." Harry nodded. "Your father was a soldier, someone who went to help defend victims of Voldemort against Death Eater attacks and contain those attacks we heard about after the fact. Your mother also fought - she was vicious with a wand - but she had another, greater talent: she was sometimes capable of reconstructing the most serious curses and malicious magics engineered by Voldemort and his top lieutenants. When there was a curse that I, and other specialists, could not immediately undo, we would call your mother to the scene, to investigate the evidence. Then she would return home and consult her books, and the libraries of other Order members, and often she would be able to determine how the curse had worked, well enough to remove or mitigate it.""You mean, sort of like a Healer?" Harry asked."Yes and no. Sometimes she worked on people who had been victimized, but as often she was enlisted to uncurse locations, or objects - a time or two the Death Eaters had cursed public places in order to make a show of restricting access to them, or trap people, or randomly inflict harm on new victims. It was valuable work, and it was work no one else could do, and she was very young for such a specialty. The world lost a great deal when Lily Evans was killed so young." Dumbledore's eyes grew distant and misty for a long moment.Then he cleared his throat and went on, "But in order to do this, you understand, she studied immensely Dark magic, and she had obviously done so before she was recruited for this purpose. You know that she and former Professor Snape were childhood friends, I think. She was obviously capable of terrible things as well as great ones. I am not suggesting she performed them," he said quickly as Harry opened his mouth, "Only that she could have... And when you were born, and the prophecy made you a target even before then, I think that she became very desperate." Harry remembered the frantic journal entries he had read and could not argue. "Truthfully, Harry, almost anyone will do terrible things if they are pressed to protect their children and their lives, and Lily was capable of more terrible things than most..."And the feat she actually performed, deflecting the Killing Curse from you - without suppressing its performance in the first place - was so great and so unknown that I confess I was terrified of what she had done. I considered your mother a good friend of mine, a colleague in the study of great magics, and I was grieved to lose her. And, too, I knew that protecting you was vital. The magic Lily had used was outside my field of expertise, and most of the real experts had fought on the other side of the war. I could not safely ask for help from, say, a relative of the Rosiers or from Severus himself, whose loyalties I was uncertain of, in interpreting magic protecting the infant Harry Potter. And if I had come to understand what she had done, and it was clear to me that it was a work of evil that must be disassembled, I did not know what would happen. There was every chance it would instantly kill you, or that it would simply leave you unprotected.""So you didn't look?" said Harry, indignantly, although he knew this was more or less what Aunt Cassie had guessed.Dumbledore shook his head. "So I looked, and came to the best conclusions I could, and perhaps did not penetrate as deeply as I could have into Lily's notes... Although by the time I realized how strange what she had done was, Mockridge had taken residence anyway and would not have let me access them. If I made a mistake - and if Petunia Dursley, who I think we can both agree would never hire a wizard to protect her, is covered in protection magic it seems I have - I am sorry, Harry. I did the best I knew to do." He paused, and sighed, looking up at Harry through his half-moon spectacles. "I seem to say those words often, don't I? I shall say them in general: I have done the best I knew to do to protect you and to help you, but your situation is unprecedented and I have often failed. I wish it had not been so," he said, and stretching his hands along his desk, "I am sorry."The headmaster's portraits were silent, although Harry saw several peering through half-opened eyes while they pretended to sleep. Fawkes, too, was silent on his perch. The office was quiet and still.Harry took a deep breath. "I know you have," he said. "And I won't say some of it was okay... Because it wasn't. You should have checked on me with the Dursleys, you should have found someone to help... But I know you tried, I believe you did the best you thought of, and I.. forgive you, sir.""Thank you, Harry," Dumbledore said seriously, and there were tears in his eyes.

Harry dwelt on the problem of his mother for the rest of the week. In Potions he thought about the terrible resurrection potion Bellatrix had used to resurrect Voldemort, and wondered if his mother had worked on similar potions with Snape as teenagers. In Arithmancy on Wednesday, he thought about the use of arithmancy in designing rituals, and the theoretical human sacrifice ritual Aunt Cassiopeia's portrait had discussed with them in fourth year. In Transfiguration Thursday, he was spared from the thought of Dark Arts until it occurred to him that perhaps transfiguring a partridge into an inanimate object was not very different from ritual sacrifice of animals, and then he had serious trouble completing his assignment. And of course on Friday, Wardcraft was the most directly related subject of all.The newspaper headlines all week were full of speculation about You-Know-Who's foreign connections and his current goals, which did not help. Nor did the report that a German wizard had been arrested trespassing on the Bones's property and interfering with the protective spell work on the family home, and authorities were investigating the issue as a possible Death Eater venture.In the aftermath of the Wardcraft class on basic house protection wards, Harry knew he could not stand to wonder indefinitely, but there were only so many more places to look for answers. Aunt Cassie had suggested one more person: he could ask Snape. He was evidently somewhere in the castle, albeit he had done a very good job of hiding from students this year."Hermione," said Harry at dinner Friday night, "Do you ever see the - what is it - independent researchers in the staff areas?""Sometimes," said Hermione, who had a large, leather-bound book written in French propped up against the empty bread basket in front of her, which in turn was weighted down with a stack of empty serving dishes. She was turning the pages with magic as she spooned soup into her mouth. "Why?""Er," said Harry, buttering his dinner roll, "Have you seen Snape?""I keep forgetting he's here," said Ron, breaking off from an argument about who would next host the Quidditch World Cup down the table to interject. "Horrid thought, him skulking around spying on students just when we thought we were free...""I'm fairly certain he no more wants to encounter students than you want to encounter him, Ron," said Hermione, gesturing another page over in her book. "And as a matter of fact I've only seen him once, when I went into the Restricted Section after curfew. He made some snide comment about me waiting to destroy the castle until he was finished residing there and left. Why?""I think I need to talk to him," said Harry, glumly. "How do you think I should find him? I don't know where the researchers are staying..."Hermione looked up, finally, and sniffed at him. "You could try sending him an owl asking for an appointment like a normal person," she said."A normal person," said Harry. "Seen one of those around here, have you?" But this made too much sense to ignore, and also saved Harry from sneaking around the castle hoping to encounter Snape, so he pulled some parchment and a quill from his bag and began clearing a space on the table to write.Hermione smiled, then. "Not lately," she admitted, and to Harry's surprise, she wiped her fingers clean and began packing up her book. "I'll go up to the Owlery with you, if you don't mind, I wanted to talk to you," she said.It turned out that what Hermione wanted to talk to him about was the ex-Horcrux recovered from the Greengrass crypt, which Harry had forgotten about. "I suppose I could call Salazar and see if he comes, but it seems rude even if it works," she said. "And summoning him as a spirit would be worse, it wouldn't even give him a choice. How stupid do you think it would be to go back down to the Chamber of Secrets ourselves to talk to him? I'd need you to come open the doors for me, at least."Harry shrugged. "Assuming neither of us touches anything, I think it should be okay, but let's make sure somebody outside knows where we are this time, and bring my Firebolt for the trip back up again. We can tell Ron to get someone if we're not back in a couple of hours."Executing this mission was a welcome distraction for Harry in the aftermath of having asked Severus Snape for a favor. The corridor up to the Chamber itself was impressively creepy, and Harry had to work not to let himself be distracted by the glittering eyes of snakes built into the side doors - especially once he had the thought that his mother, too, might have investigated them. Attempting to distract himself, Harry took the chance to carefully fill Hermione in on the issue of his mother's magic and what Aunt Cassie had said. Briefly horrified as she was by the discussion of Harry's dementor-induced memories - which he could not recall if he had told Hermione and Ron about before - Hermione grew thoughtful quickly and asked questions. Her preoccupation kept them both from straying until they reached the hall with the statue of Salazar - or rather, the statue of how Voldemort had imagined Salazar."Right," said Harry, frowning in the gloom and directing his wand light towards the walls, "Do you remember which corner the stairs up were?""Let me see if I can tell from the magic," said Hermione, squinting.Harry spotted a shimmer of movement in the corner of his eye first, and jumped. Salazar's voice came from the corner, soft and amused: "Looking for me again?""I wanted to ask you something," said Hermione, sounding quite awkward. "Er, perhaps upstairs would be best..""Go on. You have the right corner," said Salazar to Harry.A few minutes later they were seated in the first room upstairs, with the windows overlooking the forest itself. "So," said Hermione awkwardly, touching her bag, "I don't know if you know that Riddle had made a Horcrux... Several, actually.""Well," said Salazar, not sounding terribly surprised, "He was never burdened with an overwhelming sense of caution. If you're hoping I can help you find them, I'm afraid I don't know much about his activities here. It's not very difficult to temporarily banish a spirit from a space."Hermione shook her head. "We already found them," she said, simply, "But one of them was - supposed to be an artifact of your family. I mean, I suppose technically two were, I forgot about the locket. But whether it's your family's or not, this one, I think was meant as a kiddush cup," she said, opening her bag up to pull the melted and mutilated silver cup from her bag."Ah, I see," said Salazar, flatly, and Harry had a sense that he was stooping over the artifact. He muttered something foul in a language Harry did not recognize then said, in what sounded like a forced, light tone, "I don't recognize it, but it may very well have belonged to my grandchildren or great-grandchildren. Regardless, you're probably right about the function, to judge by the inscription. I assume you're not sure what to do with it now that it's been - ah - disarmed?""Yes," said Hermione. "My parents, er, aren't religious - I think they had a kiddush cup as a wedding present but they never used it - so I have no idea how you would dispose of one you couldn't use... And honestly, I'm not sure how to ask someone else about it without having to explain about the Horcruxes.""I see the problem," said Salazar. "Why don't you put it in the Hogwarts Geniza? It's accessible from here, and that's a respectable enough resting place.""I thought those were technically just for burying writing with the name of god?" said Hermione, explaining nothing to Harry."In theory, but we often put anything with Hebrew writing on it in the Geniza, especially if there was some question about its status. Let me show you," said Salazar, beckoning, and Hermione scooped the half-melted cup up and followed him through the tapestry of the Pleiades.

The next day, Harry still had not received an answer from Snape, but he had a different distraction: it was a Hogsmeade weekend, Harry was allowed out of the school again, and Cho wanted to actually go on a date now that they could."But not at Madam Puddifoot's, I think I had enough of that place last time," he said, and Cho laughed.They went down to Hogsmeade, and had a pleasant morning walking around the shops followed by lunch. Cho snuck Harry into Ravenclaw that night, and he spent the night in her bed, though most of it was occupied by quizzing her on Transfiguration theory and Charms incantations for her upcoming N.E.W.T. exams. The next morning, they got up early and snuck into the bathroom on Cho's floor, then sealed it with magic."Won't your roommates be angry?" Harry asked, watching Cho carefully enchant the lock."They can go up or down one," Cho said. "Anyway Eleanora Burke took it over for six hours one day when she and her boyfriend got engaged, they can't talk. Come here."Harry carefully scrubbed the ink stains Cho had accumulated over the past weeks from her hands before kissing them, and they spent a long time in the shower before going down to breakfast. By then a couple of the other Ravenclaw seventh year girls were up, and they heckled them on their way out. Harry blushed, but Cho only made a rude gesture and pulled him down the stairs.Professor Snape sent Hedwig back at breakfast Monday, saying - in words that dripped moderate disdain - that he had the same private quarters as before for this last year, and if Mr. Potter insisted, he could call on him after dinner that night to discuss his mother's project. Therefore Harry made his way down to the dungeons after dinner, bag in hand, and knocked once again on the door to Snape's office.Once inside he reeled back, thinking for a moment he had gone to the wrong place - although that was undoubtedly Snape scowling at him from behind the desk. The dark, dingy stone floor and shelves of murky and unlabeled ingredients had been replaced by walls that were now painted an ordinary green. One wall held bookshelves, the other an entirely normal looking potions storage shelf that looked a great deal like the student store cupboards, with labels and mostly opaque containers. The floor was still stone, but had been scrubbed clean, and there was a rug covering most of it. And, of course, the lighting was now bright enough Harry could make out all of these details."I no longer require an adequately intimidating atmosphere for students," said the former Professor Snape. "When I have received guests in this office this year, it has been other professionals in my field, who respond better to a more hygienic environment. Sit down, Potter."Harry refrained from pointing out that his students probably would have too, and said, "Right," pulling the chair in front of Snape's desk out. "So, er, you got my owl.""Obviously, or I would have asked you what you think you are doing here. I am considering doing it anyway," Snape said, but pushed an empty mug towards Harry. "Coffee?" he said, gesturing to a silver pot with a fantastic, moving engraving on it. Harry, squinting at the pot, only belatedly identified it as a knight fighting a wyvern. "--The pot belongs to Narcissa. She gave it to me earlier this year.""It's impressive," Harry said honestly, pouring himself coffee. "So, you're, er, still marrying her.""Trust me when I say that if any man had jilted Narcissa Black after agreeing to marry her, the entire country would know about it thirty seconds later when her vengeance campaign began," said Snape, sounding very nearly fond under his usual sarcastic drawl."Did she really blackmail you to start teaching better?" asked Harry, wondering what on earth being married to someone like Aunt Narcissa would be like."Blackmail?" said Snape."Draco said--" Harry closed his mouth as Snape burst into a terrifyingly un-Snape-like cackle, culminating in dropping his head into his hands."Blackmail... Oh, Draco is still far too used to his father. Don't tell him I said that, he won't appreciate it," said Snape. "No, Narcissa did not have to blackmail me, although she did suggest that if I was going to persist in making myself miserable trying to obey Albus Dumbledore she might just directly get me fired by appealing to the Board. I suppose he either overheard something or Narcissa told him half the story and he misunderstood... Well. I trust you did not prevail upon me to ask me about," Snape said, shifting more into his usual drawl, "Upcoming nuptials.""No, sir," said Harry rapidly, trying not to picture anything accompanying this statement and having, for the first time, the horrifying realization that he would probably be expected to attend the wedding. "I mentioned in my note it was about my mother? Well, er, I realized over break that there was a code in her last journal, and we managed to find the book she had used for it. Mockridge sold it off, but Dillena got me a list of the books that were sold from the house, so the - family - got me a copy.""A code?" Snape raised an eyebrow, curiously. "I would certainly be interested in seeing it, but I take it you found something interesting if you've contacted me about that.""Yes. We found some things about what she might have done to... protect me," Harry said falteringly. "And Aunt Cassie had some ideas, but she thought you might have some better guess, since you worked with her as children.""You have no idea," mused Snape, staring into the engraved coffee pot thoughtfully, "How unnerving it is to hear any child - but particularly you - refer to that terrifying specter as 'Aunt Cassie.' Narcissa is bad enough, but I already am well aware the entire Black family is insane, even if she is the closest to normalcy. What have you discovered?"Harry explained the kinslaying curse, including the list of ingredients he had been given involved, as well as he could - as well as the discrepancy with the results. He mentioned that Aunt Cassie thought his mother had been investigating soul magic as well, and was not sure if it was simply that she had been facing an opponent with at least one Horcrux - although he could not quite bring himself to tell Snape he had found an entry that made it seem clear his mother had not actually known this, and must have been investigating Horcruxes for some other purpose.Snape was thoughtful, hearing this, and when Harry finished he folded his hands carefully around his coffee cup. "You understand," he said carefully, "That I had not spoken to Lily about anything of substance since our O.W.L. year, which was some five or six years before her death. She may have uncovered evidence, or developed interests, which I had no knowledge of in the meantime. That said, I was still speaking to Lily when she first heard that the Dark Lord had speculated they might be family." Harry blinked, surprised. "She was contemptuous of the idea, at least at first. In part, I think, because she had blood family and mostly did not get on with it - you have met her sister, of course--" Harry winced, "And while her parents were of a less... extreme... temperament, they did not understand Lily, and Lily did not understand them, and they were wholly unable to effectively manage the minor war between their daughters."There are some methods of testing blood relationship, but most of them require two willing participants, or blood from each, and I have a difficult time believing Lily could have obtained the Dark Lord's blood without actually joining him as he invited her to do. But she once ventured to me that it might be possible to enact magic on the basis of a blood relationship that was believed to exist, whether or not it was the case, because much magic of the blood involves the cultural and emotional significance of the family line. It is for this reason that cases like Narcissa's are often easily concealed within families that enact so much magic on the basis of the family, even given that magical Britain has been more accepting of adoption than the muggle Christian world for the last fifteen hundred years.""So - she might have found out for sure that she and Voldemort were related, or she might just have used the fact that he believed it," Harry said, feeling intensely relieved."Yes. She would have had to convince herself it was true, as well, but I think that would have been trivial for Lily if she needed to believe it." Snape shrugged, and took a sip of coffee. "That sort of manipulation of your own mind is common to Dark Arts. As for soul magic, there's not much I can tell you about that. It isn't easy to experiment with, and if Lily ever obtained books that would have guided her, it was after we had our falling out.""Right," said Harry awkwardly. "Well - thanks, sir."Snape raised his eyebrows sardonically. "You are welcome," he said, sounding surprised."Er - congratulations on leaving the teaching field," Harry added as he got up."Potter, get out," said Snape, though his tone was almost friendly.Harry went, with relief, to join Ron and Hermione at Professor Sinistra's quarters, where Hermione had again invited them to join her for Passover.

Harry sent Aunt Cassie a letter with what Snape had told him and could do nothing else but read the news. He watched Voldemort's activity with both trepidation and guilt that he had no idea how to fulfill his supposedly prophesied role, and prepared for the end of the school year as normal. Here, he had a distraction in the form of quidditch. Since they now had only a month left until the final match of the season, curfew had been re-extended, and Ron and Ginny were still arguing during half of their practices and dragging half the team into it, Harry drew up a new training schedule with the need to force his team into shape one way or another in mind, feeling slightly guilty.There was a silver lining, however: when, feeling like Oliver Wood, Harry convened the team Wednesday morning before class, Ron turned to Ginny to complain that Harry was turning into a sadist Ginny actually smiled back. After practice, Harry overheard Ron apologizing to Demelza for losing his temper with them earlier that year, and for the rest of the week they slowly improved working together as Chasers and Keeper."Great work, everyone," Harry said, Saturday, after their usual practice, "If we keep this up the Cup is ours for sure... We're going to do two practices during the week this time, but no early morning ones now we're working together again, all right?"A week later on the first Saturday in May, Slytherin smashed Hufflepuff's team despite a record twenty-three penalties, nearly all of which were blocked by their new and fantastically efficient Keeper. There were fights both before the game as usual and after in the halls, and Harry seriously contemplated reconvening the DA patrols temporarily. The war might technically be over, but those students who were too young to actually be Death Eaters and not bound by the truce felt free to pick fights in the halls, just as they once had before the war.The subject was raised at the monthly DA meeting the next evening: Susan had arrived with a black eye and minor curse damage, having been ambushed by three fourth and fifth-year Slytherins. "Nothing I can't handle," she said wearily, "But Merlin, I hope this dies down again." There were murmurs of agreement across the room."About that," said Hermione briskly from the front. "Do we have any word from the Board of Governors, Susan? I'd heard they met last week.""Right," said Susan, straightening, "Thanks for asking. My Dad's on the Board, for those of you who weren't here last time. They've got provisional appointments in all of the seats and can start meeting again, and we're invited to send delegates to the first one, on Monday the nineteenth. They'll inform the Headmaster whoever we send is free to miss classes but I doubt Dumbledore would put up a fuss, anyway. We need to pick delegates, though.""As a reminder," said Hermione, projecting her voice over the muttering, "The Board of Governors is ultimately responsible for implementing the treaty obligations of Hogwarts, in this case meaning the creation of a student council with muggleborn representation and a formal voice at the Board itself. We should have a plan in mind to present to them. I'd say it's all the better if the new governors aren't used to working with each other yet and may not be able to organize resistance. Let's open discussion now."Harry again took a back seat to this discussion, which involved a lot of technical terminology and strong opinions about voting systems, quotas, and other subjects about which he had no feelings. Unsurprisingly, Hermione had very strong views about everything; otherwise the debate seemed to be split between muggleborns with obvious reasons to care about the issue and knowledge of muggle government, a handful of students who, like Susan, were expected to fill familial political duties as adults and had been taught about the Wizengamot and similar, and a third group, somewhat overlapping the other two but heavy on Ravenclaws, who had obviously looked up how quotas and electoral systems worked in preparation for having to make decisions about them.Harry would honestly have been happy to leave this part up to other students who actually liked making speeches and knew more about government. But he was not terribly surprised when the officers were selected as delegates along with Susan, who was thought to have influence on the Board because of her father, and a seventh year Ravenclaw who had apparently been petitioning the Board to create a student council for years and had dozens of pages of notes of propositions on how to go about it.On the day in question two weeks later, they were all excused from morning classes, and gathered in the Headmaster's office at nine in the morning. Harry, Cho and Susan, as well as Emmeline Stone, were wearing dress robes, while Jason, Demelza and the seventh year Ravenclaw were in school uniform. Hermione had arrived wearing muggle slacks and a button up shirt and tie under a black silk robe, similar to Susan's mother at that awful tea party two years ago. Hermione was also wearing the ring Aunt Cassie had sent her and a Black signet, and had arrived five minutes after everything else, with unusually tame hair to explain her late entrance."All right," Hermione said, hurrying into the center of the group and looking everyone else over quickly. She was pale and had a set jaw, as though she was very nervous. "Susan, any words of advice?"Susan looked much less nervous. "Two things," she said. "First, this is not going to be that formal, most likely. Those of you who are used to politics in our world will know that a lot of the older generation look at them as basically like a meeting of the neighborhood bridge club - you know, a chance to have a few drinks and gossip. Second, most likely we are not going to persuade anybody of anything. They will have made up their minds before we get there whether to listen to us or not, and you will be able to tell which ones are on which side. Since they apparently haven't even met as a body yet, depending on the numbers we may flip a few who will side with the majority just in order to get the meeting over, but realistically, you should expect that some of them will be polite and sympathetic and some will be atrocious.""Then why go at all?" said Demelza, crossing her arms."You should think of this as a performance," said Cho wearily. "Or - it's like with quidditch, I guess. What matters is the work you put in ahead of time, to put your team together and practice your moves, and then you have to play out the game or none of it means anything, but effectively people already know who's going to win, most likely, when the game starts.""So who's going to win your match with your boyfriend this Saturday?" said Emmeline Stone, smirking."That's an exception," said Cho calmly. Turning back to Demelza she added, "But even if we do get there and we're outnumbered and they're awful to us for forty minutes before making us leave, that doesn't mean it's over, just like losing a match means you train harder. It means that we get our relatives to have tea with people and chat them up over the summer, and point out that Hogwarts does have to meet the treaty obligations, and it would be better not to make the ritual caster angry with the governors trying to do it in the mealiest way possible, and so on. We've got to go and talk to them now to find out where we stand, it's not the final word."It was probably a good thing that Susan and Cho had provided this warning, because when they arrived at the private dining room in Diagon Alley in which the meeting would take place, they were met by an elderly, sneering witch in extremely unflattering heavy green velvet robes, who took one look at Hermione in front, sniffed, and said in a clearly audible undertone to the wizard behind her, "That'll be one of the muggleborns.""A pleasure to meet you," said Hermione steadily. "Hermione Black, adopted daughter of Lord Cassiopeia Black, at your service," and bowed.The elderly witch went blotchily crimson. The wizard behind her chuckled, somewhat maliciously, and said, "Well, she got you there, Emma. Let's go sit down... who's all this, who's all this?"Jake Bones, seated at the head of the table and clearly identifiable as Susan's father by his equally honey blond hair and square jaw, was the youngest member of the Board, probably by about fifty years. Harry had time to wonder if they had handled the issue of finding non-Death Eaters to fill the post by simply fishing out six new witches and wizards too old to have fought in the war. Then the students filed in and, at Jake Bones's request, introduced themselves one by one, before the governors began with the issue of the student council.It was a frustrating meeting in many ways: they had to explain the concept of a student council in the first place twice, and then Hermione reminded several board members repeatedly that it did not matter how stupid they thought the idea was, they were obligated by the truce to create one. On the bright side, once the board members who were less sympathetic were resigned to this, they proved more or less apathetic about how it should actually be done. While Jake Bones and another more sympathetic member asked a few questions about how the quota was supposed to be handled, they were happy to approve the plan the DA had so nervously arrived with in order, as the wizard they had met coming in said, "To get on with brunch - can't tell the good jokes in front of the kids, can we?"Harry felt slightly sorry for whichever student council representative would have to attend Board meetings in future years, all in all.

The weekend of the last quidditch match of the season approached, and Harry was grateful that the atmosphere was not as poisonous as it had been leading up to the Hufflepuff-Slytherin match. There was rather a lot of teasing directed at him and Cho for their game against each other, and nastier insinuations one of them was planning to toss the game, but overall the school was competitive, rather than murderous. It was probably for the best that Slytherin would not play this time.Friday evening before the match, as sunset drew near, Harry, Ron and Hermione had gone out to do homework under one of the beech trees by the lake, both in order to enjoy the improved weather and because Ron and Harry were unlikely to get anything done all weekend with the game. Harry was just deciding whether to get started on Charms or Potions homework when his mirror from Sirius, buried in his bag, chimed.Harry fished it out in a hurry: the adults never called them during the day at school, and usually waited for them to make contact. It might be one of the others - if there had been another disturbance in Slytherin, he thought - but no, Sirius's face appeared in the mirror, taut with stress."Harry," he said. "Are you alone?"Harry glanced around. "Muffliato," he said, aiming at the nearest two groups of students, a bunch of first and second years gathered around a gobstones game to one direction and several O.W.L. students studying and looking stressed in the other. Hermione and Ron crowded in, attention caught. "Yeah," he said to Sirius, "I'm by the lake with Hermione and Ron, nobody's that close. What's wrong? Is someone hurt?""Was there another attack?" said Hermione, putting her head close to Harry's to see Sirius."Hermione, good," Sirius said. "Can you and Harry sneak out of the school and get back to Grimmauld Place? You're comfortable Apparating that far, right? It's really you we need, but we couldn't afford to ask for you officially, and I think if anyone notices you missing it's safer if both of you are gone. Too many of the headmasters have other portraits in their family homes, and we didn't want to test the definition of loyalty to the school and to Dumbledore."Hermione seemed to understand at once. She said, voice breathy with terror, "The truce is broken?""Not yet," said Sirius. "But it might be soon. We can't provoke a panic, if people think it's already broken someone will make the first move just to be sure. We need you home to find out what we can do.""I'm coming too," said Ron, immediately, and they all looked at him. "Come on," he said, "I'm not staying in school not knowing what's happening.""Well, if your mother finds out she'll kill me," said Sirius wearily, "But it's up to you, you're of age. Hurry."Harry had been carrying his Invisibility Cloak around every day ever since wishing for it during a few unexpected situations during D.A. patrols, and he fished it out of his bag, looking between Ron and Hermione nervously. "We could go up to tunnel to Honeydukes but it would take ages, and someone would see us using the Willow... That spot in the gate where we met Carya," he said, "Think it's far enough away from people we could go over during the day?""Let's put the cloak on as soon as we're away from them," said Hermione, jerking her chin towards the closer group of students, "If anyone sees us walking out that way they'll ask why... But other than that I don't think anyone should miss us - I don't know, until curfew, at least?""We're out late a lot," said Harry, "And sometimes we have permission. If we're lucky we'll have until the game.""The game," said Ron queasily.Harry swallowed. "Lily and Dean know what they're doing, they've been training all year," he said bracingly, and collected his books, then stood up.It was the first time they had snuck out during broad daylight. In fact, Harry had trouble recalling another time they had snuck off school grounds, except for him joining the other students in Hogsmeade during an otherwise approved visit. The very fact that they had been summoned by an adult made this experience particularly surreal. They hurried - quietly - across the lawns, down the edge of the forest and around to the isolated corner of the walls, where Harry stowed his Invisibility Cloak. Then they climbed over, one by one. Hermione required a boost up from Ron, and Harry, who had gone over first, carefully talking her down, even though she had conjured rope for a handhold.Finally, they were outside the castle wards, and Hermione took Harry's hand. "I'll Side Along Harry," she said to Ron. "Can you make it to London?"The Apparition licensing test at school for students who were already of age had been just last month, and with extensive tutoring from Hermione, who already had her license, Ron had passed on his first try. He nodded, jaw set, and then Hermione swung herself and Harry into blackness.They were met in the front hall by Sirius, who did not even comment on Ron's presence. Instead he immediately began explaining, hurrying up the stairs. "Bellatrix left Matilda with Myrtle Lestrange to watch - which she does fairly often - but she didn't come back at the expected time. She'd left a note with emergency instructions, and Myrtle opened it and found an apology for not returning and comments in case of her imminent death--"Hermione inhaled sharply."We don't actually know what she's done," said Sirius. "It may well be that she's doing someone a risky favor and she comes back in a week with a non-apology for scaring the hell out of us and nothing comes of it. Or that she gets killed and we have to paper it over for the public, but the only lasting consequence of that would be the truce itself passing down to Brendan Travers - who is a thoroughly unpleasant individual but not likely to go and get himself killed for the fun of it at his age. Albeit the fact that his family are mostly Death Eater sympathizers will make monitoring him harder. But if she's gone off to commit suicide..."Hermione swore under her breath, then said, for Harry's benefit, "What I said to the DA about voluntary ritual sacrifice of the leader breaking the truce without a curse was sort of a half-truth for the benefit of calming them down. It's not one hundred percent clear in the text, but the leader's suicide might break it the same way.""And Bella has, unfortunately, attempted suicide before," said Sirius, "And if she was going to try again...""Her social position now is not exactly fun, and neither is losing a child, or being trapped in a marriage she always intended to be fake with a dozen in-laws who hate her, and she might well have given up," said Hermione through gritted teeth. "Damn her.""We don't know that that's what she's doing yet," said Sirius, simply."No, but you wouldn't have called me if there wasn't a chance. Is Aunt Cassie--""In the drawing room," said Sirius. They had by now reached the entrance hall and started on the next flight. They rounded the landing to file into the drawing room, where they found Aunt Cassie seated on the loveseat with a book in her lap, Aunt Druella leaning over her shoulder, and Aunt Narcissa and Aunt Andromeda together at the window."The wording is still ambiguous, and without the caster--" Aunt Cassie was saying tiredly, before she raised her head. "Ah, they're here." She raised her head. "Hermione, come."Aunt Cassie drew both a wand and a knife out of her skirt pockets, pricked Hermione's thumb and began an elaborate spell, after which she said tersely that the truce had not broken yet. This sparked a new argument: apparently it was technically possible for the caster of the rite to transfer leadership between members of the opposition and forestall the truce breaking. If Bellatrix was about to commit suicide, this would prevent the truce and its restraints on most of Voldemort's potential supporters in Britain from falling apart completely. But in order to do it, they would have to choose an alternate commander, tell them about the situation and secure their agreement, and then monitor them instead - and determine how to break things to the public. And most of those present did not want to lose Bellatrix, either.Aunt Andromeda stood rigid and silent through this discussion. Harry remembered that she and Bellatrix were soul bonded like the Weasley twins, and wondered how she would fare if Bellatrix did commit suicide."You didn't know what she was planning?" he asked, although he knew someone else would have thought of it.Aunt Andromeda shook her head. "We have to be in a certain proximity to share thoughts," she said, staring blankly in the direction of the window. "That's how I managed to elope with Ted, and how I couldn't help the Order during the last war. And Bellatrix is a practiced Occlumens who had to keep things from her husband, who she used to replace me, before. She's used to avoiding thinking about a plan around someone..."Harry looked over at the knot the others formed around Aunt Cassie, then turned his head to the side, distracted by a familiar sense of movement in the corner of his eye. For a baffled moment he thought, Salazar? Then sense reasserted itself just as Orion's Black voice came from an almost empty, shadowy corner: "Sirius."Orion had spoken softly, and Harry half-expected that he would have to raise his voice to be heard, but Sirius's back snapped straight and his head turned in a jerk as though he had been slapped. What little color was in his face had left. He said, to the faint presence in the corner, "Father."The room went dead silent.Aunt Druella pursed her lips. Aunt Narcissa glared in the general direction of Orion. Aunt Andromeda didn't move. Aunt Cassie simply lifted her head and said, "Ah, Orion. I wondered if you would make an appearance," in a conversational tone.Turning his gaze to keep Orion in the corner of his vision again, Harry could make out full dress robes, long hair, a pale face turned towards Sirius. Harry saw movement in the foggy windowpane and, focusing his eyes on it, could make out Orion's reflection with much greater clarity - and he saw that Orion stared almost sadly at his son."I understand from that argument that Bellatrix is missing," said Orion.Sirius looked away from his father and leaned back in the chair, deliberately spreading his legs out. "Yeah," he said. "She left her baby with one of the Lestrange aunties with a note for emergencies and never turned up. When they opened the note it sounded like she didn't expect to be back alive."Orion's reflection had raised its eyebrows at Sirius's movement, but his voice didn't change. He said, "There's a ritual that will allow the Head of the family to locate any members, using the Head's Pensieve. You normally would have been taught when... I can show you what to do."Something passed over Sirius's face that Harry couldn't identify."This will circumvent Bellatrix's protections?" said Aunt Cassie. Automatically Harry looked over when she spoke, and when he turned back to Sirius, whatever expression had been on his face was gone."I can't absolutely promise it," said Orion. "She knows about the ritual, you understand, having had most of the Head's training herself, and I imagine she would have been capable of inventing protection against it if she felt the need. She may have, during the last war. But the searching ritual is tiring and uses expensive ingredients, I never made a practice of using it, and I don't know whether she actually wants to leave you in doubt right now anyway. I told her that its purpose was to locate a family member who was thought to be kidnapped or dead, as in a blood feud or after a natural disaster.""Well." Sirius's voice was tight, and strange, but he stood in a fluid movement. "Show me," he said, and followed Orion Black's shadowy presence from the room.Glances were exchanged among the Blacks, but the first to actually speak was Andromeda. "Well," she said in her own strange, tight voice. "Always nice to know he could have located me any time he wanted, twenty years after the fact.""I suppose," said Aunt Cassie, rising and coming over to place a hand on Andromeda's shoulder, "There may be some comfort in the fact that he did not."Harry felt like an intruder in the room. After a moment, Ron broke the awkward silence."I thought you had to decide to stick around as a ghost?" said Ron. "Nobody's seen him in the meantime, has he?""No, he was the same kind of spirit as Salazar," said Hermione, "And they're clearly different from, I don't know, Sir Nick, aren't they? I'm not sure what the difference is..."It was Aunt Druella who answered: "Not the same kind at all, no. The spirits of the house are... maintained, you could say, by the ties between the crypt, the physical structure of the family residence, and the enchantments that define the family. Their specific nature is debated - the practice ultimately derives from pagan beliefs in the ancestors' divinity, but it clearly does something, and ever since Christianity no one has been able to agree what that is - but the long and short of it is that they're tied to their physical remains and some say they have no true free will, only consisting of the mask of a once-living person's identity laid over the family magic's personified will. Although that is also controversial.""Right," said Ron, looking faintly creeped out.A moment later, Sirius pulled the drawing room door open violently."Did your father--" Aunt Cassie started to say, but Sirius, for the first time Harry remembered, cut her off"She's gone after Voldemort," he said, and as several voices protested, "Not to join him. They're fighting - arguing, right now. She's accused him of stealing Reggie's body."There was another explosive argument at this - whether they should attempt to help Bellatrix, whether this made Bellatrix a spiteful bitch or simply a reckless idiot, and, an issue broached by Hermione, whether starting a fight in the knowledge she would die would be considered suicide by the ritual (and if so, whether Bellatrix was arrogant enough to honestly believe she could win a fight with Voldemort).Sirius was not participating in this argument. He had sank into the chair at the writing desk in the drawing room and was sitting, his head in his hands. Harry approached, tentatively, and realized only when he was in earshot that he was in fact talking - to Orion's spirit.Or rather, Orion's spirit was talking to him. Orion was saying as Harry came into earshot, quietly, "--wanted to tell you more than anything was that I'm sorry," tiredly."I know," said Sirius, quietly, as Harry froze. "I found your suicide note when I went into your bedroom.""Ah," said Orion, and was quiet.Sirius took a deep, shuddering breath. "I think I was always aware, to some extent," he said, "That you had... very few choices. I mean, it was Mother who...""Not you, too?" said Orion, sounding less surprised than like someone having a long-time fear confirmed.Sirius shook his head. "Bella told me Mother had raped her, and Narcissa confirmed it," he said. "I don't know if you heard that fight when she couldn't find Reggie's body last month...""Yes, and no. It's like being mostly asleep when people are talking in the room with you. I know it now that you've mentioned it." Orion hesitated, then went on, "I was... very young when I inherited, and when I married your mother, and I tried, but I think now that most of what I tried made things worse. I apologized to Druella when she moved back into Grimmauld Place, but then, I knew Druella before I ruined her life. We had been friends in school. I was there for your entire life, but we barely...""We had no relationship," Sirius said, and laughed bitterly. "Especially after Andromeda ran away. And here I am anyway, trying to do what you couldn't.""I know my approval means nothing to you," said Orion. "So I won't try to give it. But... good luck, Sirius. With the family, and with Bella.""Thanks," said Sirius tiredly, and looked up and saw Harry, and smiled tiredly. "Well," he said, focusing on him. "Let's see what they've decided," and got up from the desk to rejoin the conversation.The argument didn't seem to have actually progressed. Harry sat down next to Aunt Cassie, listening with a mild expression to Aunt Narcissa castigating Bellatrix for being a reckless selfish idiot for the third time Harry had heard, and tapped Aunt Cassie's shoulder."Is there any chance we could use my mother's magic?" he said. "I mean - I adopted Bellatrix's child, so she's family to me, now, and to my mother, right? At least as much as Uncle Vernon was. Could the kinslaying curse work?"Aunt Cassie frowned. "The problem is still that Riddle remains protected by the curse as well, as long as he's in that body, and disembodying him is the entire problem. I suppose we might be able to use his attempts to murder you in that body, but I don't have the ingredients to recast that curse - you need live animals for one part, for example - and by the time we could acquire them the issue will probably be decided. Although--" Her face turned thoughtful. "Hermione," she called, and Hermione looked up. "Could you go and get me a vial of Lily Evans's blood, please?"Hermione got up to go, curiosity instantly on her face, and the rest of the family turned to look at Aunt Cassie as one."Let me test something before I get your hopes up," was all she would say until Hermione had come back and handed over a small, dusty vial of dark red fluid. Aunt Cassie took up the silver bowl from earlier and poured the blood into it, then said a few words, gesturing with her wand.Smoke, or fog, rose from the surface of the blood and formed, briefly, the figure of a woman: of Harry's mother. Aunt Cassie nodded once, sharply, and dismissed it, then said, "I don't know if this will work," to the room at large."If you have some plan that doesn't involve one of us trying to help Bellatrix duel Voldemort in an unknown location--" said Sirius."It depends on whether I have successfully guessed what Lily Evans did to protect her son," Aunt Cassie said, nodding to Harry, "Which as most of you know is considered impossible and unknown. I've been working on the issue for a few months now with Harry and have some idea. If I'm correct, however, if we go to Lily Evans's grave and exorcise her spirit - which I have just verified is not wholly gone to death, but trapped in some sense - I think it may kill Riddle instantly without a fight. There's little time to waste," she continued, vanishing the blood in the bowl with a gesture and rising, "Let me get my supplies. Harry, come with me, please, so I can explain. The rest of you, get ready to go to Godric's Hollow and dig up the grave, we'll want you all there in case of an ambush."Baffled, Harry went alongside her. Before he could ask, she said, "Do you know anything about exorcisms?""We covered it in Defense this term," said Harry."Good. Then you know it won't hurt her?""Yeah," said Harry, who was disturbed for a different reason. "It only works on spirits, right? If she's been - trapped - that's not good for her, is it?""No, it isn't. I verified just now that her spirit is lingering, partially still here. I had intended to do that with you once you were home for the summer so that we could be polite, but there isn't time. Now..." Aunt Cassie opened her lab, frowned around her, and went to the work table, gesturing Harry after her. "That's the part that confuses me, to be frank, but it may be a result of the horcruxes, too. What I think your mother did - Harry, your mother was young, and desperate, and extremely brave. What I am about to tell you is not a judgment on her, and it isn't your fault. She made an incredible gamble and you live because of it.""What did she do?" said Harry, dread rising."I think she ritually killed herself," said Aunt Cassie. "There are supposed to be - means - by which you can give your death to another, forcing them to die at your appointed time, by sacrificing the rest of your own life. The nature of these curses is under dispute because not everyone believes in fate, but undoubtedly they could kill. Aside from that--"She turned to Harry then, dipped her finger in a basin, and said, "Hold still." Then she painted something on his forehead and said an incantation. Harry felt the liquid warm as it trickled into his eyes."Sorry," said Aunt Cassie, wiping his face clean with her sleeve. "That was only saltwater, it's harmless enough. But I believe I've confirmed that rather than simply transferring her death, she concealed it in you, and somehow made it so that Riddle would trigger it, claiming it for himself, by attempting to kill what you remember - possibly her shade, intentionally preserved - as it offered to exchange its life for yours. He accepted the bargain and bought his death, so to speak. But the horcruxes meant that death could not be permanent and could not be fully used, and they were both trapped. If we remove it - and I trigger the remnants of the death still concealed in you again - I think he should die, wherever he is."Harry did not know what to say, or what to think. He heard again Aunt Cassie's calm, polished tones saying, 'I think she ritually killed herself,' and 'she was young and desperate and extremely brave.' He heard, unwillingly, the memory of his mother begging Voldemort, brought to him by dementors. Had she already been dead? Was he hearing, in a sense, a memory of a memory, or rather a memory of a ghost?There was no time. "Okay," he said, taking a breath. "If it will help now..." He tried to think of anything else. "Aren't you worried about Bellatrix?"he asked, watching Aunt Cassie consider other supplies before discarding some and packing others in the bag alongside that jar."I think Bellatrix is exactly where she intends to be, good or bad. I'm only afraid that she might have decided to attempt suicide and damn the truce. She knows Riddle better than anyone else here, and if she really thinks it's safe to go and argue with him about Regulus's body she's probably right... Or at least knows something we don't about her defenses. Take this, please, some of this can't be magically shrunk," Aunt Cassie said, and handed Harry the bag she had been packing.They were ready to go very quickly, and re-assembled in the drawing room. "I suppose there's no use telling you to go back to school now," Sirius said to Ron.He drew his shoulders back. "I'm a legal adult," he said."Ah, well," said Sirius, nodding to him. "You have your Apparition license? Good. Harry, come here so I can take you. We're going to Godric's Hollow, everyone know it? We have the shovels? Good. Move," he said, and took Harry's arm before turning, and space around them compressed into blackness.

They landed in the yard of the pub, with the building between them and the square. It was now full night. Aunt Cassiopeia had once told them that so many wizards and witches lived in Godric's Hollow that the local muggles mostly knew what was going on, if not in any detail, and were left alone to spread occasional stories of ghosts and local folk magic. So Harry was not alarmed that a woman hauling trash out to the back of the pub glanced up and waved at them. "We're open another hour," she told them, "Come on in around the front.""Er, thanks," said Harry, glancing to the side to see Ron arrive and stumble. "But we've got to go meet someone...""Thank you, though," said Sirius with an easy smile, and strode off to the front while the others arrived and collected themselves. Several of them had changed clothing before meeting in the drawing room to leave, but Aunt Cassie was still wearing a long cotton skirt which, Harry thought, looked fantastically impractical for grave robbing. Surprisingly, Aunt Druella had changed into what looked like ordinary muggle jeans and a sweater. It was the first time he had seen her in muggle clothing, and he thought they might be borrowed from Aunt Andromeda."The churchyard, then," said Aunt Cassie, glancing over the group, then leading the way across the square from the pub.The village church in Godric's Hollow was a small stone building with vivid stained glass windows lit up inside. Harry wondered if his parents, or at least his father, had attended church here, or if they had only lived in the village in hiding. Then the group was headed around the church, through the kissing gate and into the churchyard.The grass was wet and springy against Harry's trainers, and the pale headstones seemed to glow, rising suddenly out of the darkness before him. The churchyard was surrounded on three sides by forest, and as they retreated further from the church and its softly luminescent stained glass windows, and the square with the pub and the two solitary street lights, the night deepened and darkened. It was almost like descending underwater, Harry thought, as the sound of the square dampened.It was clear that many of Harry's classmates had relatives who had died, or at least been buried, in Godric's Hollow: he spotted an Abbott and several Dumbledores. The most recent Potters were buried close to the entrance, only a few rows behind the Dumbledore graves, and the adults knew where they were going: they very shortly crossed through the dark churchyard to the white marble graves."We should keep a watch up, if only for someone coming to prevent vandalism," said Druella, arriving first at the graves and nodding to them pleasantly, then moving around them to take up a position facing into the dark woods. "I know the graves have been defaced before."Harry's stomach lurched."If Voldemort thinks Lily was related to him, he might expect us to try to use her remains against him anyway," said Sirius grimly. "I'll take the other side."Aunt Cassiopeia took her wand out of her sleeve and murmured something, then said, "We should not be easy to perceive unless anyone is looking for us. I think deflecting attention should work better than invisibility, given we do not exactly want someone to spot a grave emptying itself. We will want to dig the grave up and expose the skeleton before beginning the exorcism. I think it would be best if Harry actually performed the exorcism, given emotional attachments, and given that we are relying on familial relationship, Harry, you should say what comes you best to entreat your mother to be released from this world. Repeat your statement in groups of three. Multiple of three if it does not work at once - I will be able to tell when it does, if you cannot.""So - we start digging, then?" said Ron, taking a shovel from the pile Aunt Andromeda had taken from an expanded bag and dropped on the ground."Take up your positions," said Aunt Cassie. Sirius moved to stand on the opposite side of the grave from Aunt Druella, wand out, watching the dark edge of the churchyard. Aunt Narcissa and Aunt Andromeda took up the third and fourth sides. Aunt Cassie turned to Harry, Ron and Hermione then, and said, "Ready?""Just a second," Harry said, and carefully approached the graves, wanting at least to read them. They seemed to shine in the dark, and the white marble was very easy to read:

Died 31 October 1981

Born 30 January 1960Died 31 October 1981"The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.""They didn't even put her maiden name on the thing," said Aunt Druella with displeasure, glancing back to see him read the grave."We can amend it when we put the grave back," said Aunt Cassiopeia. "Assuming Harry agrees.""I - I think she'd probably want that, yeah," said Harry uncertainly, as if he had any idea. "Sirius, what do you think?"Sirius had been staring towards the village square on his end of the group, but when Harry said his name he said, "I think you're right," without looking towards them. "She was always very insistent that getting married didn't mean a woman stopped being her own person. I'm not sure who even put that grave up, come to think of it, it wasn't Remus and I can't think of any other friends of hers who'd know who were still alive.""What does that quote mean?" Harry wanted to ask if destroying death wasn't a sort of Death Eater idea, but felt too embarrassed."It's from the Bible," Hermione said. "The Christian part, though, I don't know it as well... I suppose it's about living after death...""Corinthians," said Sirius. "It's about the end of the world - 'Then the end will come, when He hands over the kingdom to God the Father until He has put all His enemies under His feet. The last enemy to be destroyed is death...' I think the part before that talks about how not even Christ was raised without the mass Resurrection at the end of time. Are you ready, Harry?"Harry swallowed, and looked at the shining white marble, and thought of his mother's soul, caught in the enchantment that had saved him from Voldemort all those years ago, which might allow them to defeat Voldemort once and for all now... Whatever his mother had done, it was all over now. She was gone, and they were going to let her go for good."Yeah," he said. "Let's do this."They could not dig the grave out by magic in case it affected the magic of the exorcism. Harry and Hermione took up shovels to match Ron while Aunt Cassie presided and the four other adults guarded the grave, and they began to dig.Digging out a coffin was exhausting work, even with three people, and Harry could not entirely lose sight of the fact that this was his mother's grave. He told himself repeatedly that they were not violating her grave, but preparing to lay her spirit to rest for good and complete her work. Still, he dreaded the moment when they must reach the coffin, and lift the lid - or worse, break through it by accident with a shovel. He did not want to see the white bones of his mother's skeleton...Knowing that many other wizards and witches regarded handling the bones of the dead as respectful did not help, for his mother had been raised by muggles like him - and she and his father must have left instructions that they were to be buried in this way... And then there was the question of who had chosen the inscription about the apocalypse for their graves.He had no idea how much time was passing. Surely someone have noticed their disappearance at the school by now, even if it was only the rest of the quidditch team. Harry's shoulders ached, his arms ached, his whole arms burnt with effort. The exhaustion of digging was almost enough to allow him to forget what he was actually digging for.At last, after what felt like half the night, their shovels hit the lid of the coffin. The enchantments preserving it had been strong, and the wooden lid was still, thank Merlin, intact. They cleared the lid, agonizingly slowly, and then stopped. "Are we trying to get the coffin up?" Ron said, panting, "Because I dunno how that's going to work without clearing a lot more dirt, if we can't use magic...""There's no real reason to, is there?" said Hermione anxiously. "We're putting the body back after.""I think it should be all right to lift the lid and take what we need," Aunt Cassie called from above them. "But you three need to move, you're standing on it."Harry clambered out, then leaned down to give Ron his help. Together they hauled up Hermione, who was not really an athlete and looked the most exhausted of the three of them.  Aunt Cassie stepped into air above the coffin and descended a nonexistent staircase until she could stoop, holding her skirt up, and pull the coffin lid up.Then her face went completely, icily blank. "Ah," she said."What's wrong?" said Harry anxiously. He could not see in because of the lid's angle.Aunt Cassie hovered higher and lifted the lid the rest of the way so that they had an unobstructed view of the inside of the coffin and its plush red interior, presumably preserved, like the wood, by magic for the past fifteen and a half years - and nothing else.She said, redundantly, "It's empty."Harry and the others stared down. The coffin was unmarred by so much as a scrap of bone or hair, or any sign Lily Potter's body had ever been inside."Interesting," said Aunt Druella, not moving a muscle from where she stared into the woods, watching."The hell?" said Sirius, who had turned from keeping watch to stare himself. "Did Voldemort steal Lily's bones so we couldn't use them?""Very curious," said a high pitched and horribly familiar voice, further inside the cemetery - but not very far away at all.

Voldemort was somehow there, although if there was any mercy it was that Harry saw no other black shadows emerge from the darkness: Voldemort was, tonight, apparently alone. He stood, wearing a cloak over black robes, with his back to the woods surrounding the churchyard. His face was still the odd amalgam of Black family looks and Tom Riddle's original features that he had possessed ever since Bellatrix had resurrected him with their unborn child's blood. His long, pale wand was turning in his long, pale fingers.For a terrible, confused moment, Harry wondered if this had been a trap plotted by Voldemort and Bellatrix - and if so, how Voldemort had guessed they would come to Godric's Hollow. But if so, Harry thought, heart pounding, surely the truce would have broken.An instant later, a crack sounded, and Bellatrix landed in the dark cemetery, panting and with a bloody face. Her head snapped up, hand on her wand, and she started to say something to Voldemort before she seemed to notice where they actually were and turned, gaping, to face the rest of the family."What the bloody fucking hell?" said Bellatrix.Everyone ignored her."Tom," said Aunt Cassiopeia, sounding flatly unimpressed as she turned to face him. She was a pale, slight figure covered in flowers against the blackness of Voldemort's outline, nearly indistinguishable from the night. "Nice of you to drop by. I wanted to speak to you about a few things.""I have been available," Voldemort said dryly, "Much longer and more easily than you have.""You poached my apprentice.""Allow me to apologize for believing the rumors of your death when you failed to appear and correct them," Voldemort said, sarcastically and more heatedly than Harry could ever recall him saying without screaming. "Particularly as Bellatrix seems to have believed them as well--""And do you feel you treated her quite well? Entirely correctly?" Aunt Cassiopeia said. "Because I have to say--""Aunt Cassie," said Bellatrix indignantly, straightening.Before she could finish, Voldemort turned to her and said, "And I see this was meant as a distraction all along, Bella?" dangerously. "I truly did not expect the alarms I placed on this grave to be disturbed at this point - to have it happen now, just as you demand a conference--"Bellatrix said, furiously, "Whatever the hell is going on here, I did not know about it. I--""No," snapped Sirius, entering the conversation, "You had to run off and get yourself killed--""It's my life to throw away!" said Bellatrix."--If you hadn't tied it to the truce, which incidentally may be violated if you commit suicide by third party--"Harry was still standing near Ron and Hermione, on the edge of the grave. The graveyard was very dark, and shadows covered most movements, except for where light reflected off the marble tombstones. Even Voldemort and Bellatrix, the furthest away, were pale shadows in the night. Carefully, knowing that Voldemort, while distracted, was another Legilimens and might perceive him, Harry reached out to touch Ron and Hermione's minds, and thought, Hermione. We still need to do the exorcism. Can we do it without my mother's body?It's easier with remains, thought Hermione anxiously. Harry tried to make sense of the whirling array of memories and decontextualized fragments of information that rose to the surface of her mind while she thought, but had no success until she said, The grave is better than nothing - but it would be easier with any body part... He had a firm impression that while Hermione stood impassively at the graveside, in her mind she was wringing her hands and pacing.Do we still have any of her blood? Harry asked. Aunt Cassie had used it to remove the Horcrux from him, last summer.Yes, we do, said Hermione, mind jumping at once to the location inside Aunt Cassie's lab at Grimmauld Place.I'll go, Ron said. His decision to leave was like agony - leaving others in danger; acknowledging it was the most useful thing he could do - but he made it. I can Apparate, and You-Know-Who probably won't notice I'm gone.Wait until the noise is covered, said Harry, but there was no need to wait longer, for Bellatrix had just begun to shout:"What you wanted was a tool without any self-preservation whatsoever, and I fit that requirement solely because all I wanted was to die!"Ron glanced towards them, and Harry saw his throat move as he swallowed, and then he disappeared with a pop. Harry, hoping desperately Ron would find the blood and be back quickly, shifted his hand into his pocket to grip his wand.Fortunately, Bellatrix and Voldemort seemed content to argue with an audience for some time. "I do not recall your reservations at the time, Bella," said Voldemort icily. "In fact, I wonder if your family is aware just how much of the current situation was originally your suggestion.""Yes, because all you wanted was to sit in a library and read," snapped Bellatrix, "--And have people brought to you to torture, and to be able to command absolute obedience from anyone who happened to cross into your vicinity. The fact that you didn't care to deal with other people being idiots long enough to actually work out a political strategy hardly means you can escape any responsibility for the one you endorsed, to bring you to power."Sirius was standing rigid, one hand on his wand, but he put the other to his face for a bare instant at this before quickly moving it away."I do not seek to escape blame," Voldemort said sneeringly. "Only to question why you have suddenly turned face on the work of your entire adult life.""Oh, is the argument we began with over Regulus not enough? I appreciate that you returned the body, but it would have been better not to have held it hostage to get me to contact you at all - or not to have caused his actual death. And at some point," said Bellatrix, "I stopped wanting to die - when I wasn't in your presence, which would explain why you never noticed, wasn't it? But it wasn't convenient to you that I should lose the death wish - that might make me less useful--""You will recall, Bella, that the last time we discussed the subject and you told me you thought immortality was a useless and miserable endeavor, we had words about you wanting to die.""Yes, you were quite content to keep me with you forever so long as I existed solely as the extension of your will and lived only to be your obedient servant!""If what you wanted," said Aunt Druella, intruding icily into the conversation, "Was a partner in your rule, you could have attempted for a span of fifteen minutes or so, only on occasion, to treat her as your equal. No. Do not start," she snapped as both of the others opened their mouths. "Unlike everyone else present here, I was there - often enough - I saw how you treated her - and I was present for the aftermath. And I am well aware that my daughter is a masochist, but there is a limit to sanity.""Don't you dare curse my mother for that," said Bellatrix, and then she turned to Aunt Druella herself and said, "That's nice, but I don't recall that you ever said so much as a word against my father or aunt raping me when I wasn't even old enough to go to Hogwarts, so forgive me if it falls a little flat." Her voice had gone from a snarl to a cold, flat statement, and unfortunately it was in the quiet after her response that Ron, with a crack, Apparated back into the churchyard fifteen feet from Harry.There was a beat of shock as everyone reacted, and then spellfire flashed, illuminating the churchyard. Ron, with the instincts of a Quidditch player, fell to the ground and rolled towards Harry, who had ducked behind his parents' tombstone and drawn his wand for cover. Ron hurled a small, glass vial towards him, and Harry reached out - this was more important than any Snitch - and lunged, and caught it."Just do the exorcism!" called Hermione, crouched behind another tomb, face illuminated in a flicker of green light.Harry glanced in the direction of the duelists and see Bellatrix calling fire from the air with her wand and directing it towards Voldemort in a wave. He did not even turn his wand towards her, but waved his free offhand at the fire, dissolving it, and reserved his wand for dismissing the stone horses Aunt Cassie had transfigured from tombstones all around them. "On the grave?" he shouted. He could not concentrate to touch Hermione's mind like this."It should help if she was ever buried here!" Hermione called. "And it's all we've got! If it doesn't work we have to retreat!" In the midst of this statement, a deflected jet of purple light hurled towards her, and she flung herself to the ground so that it hit a grave in the next row and left a scorching fissure in the stone.Harry looked at the vial of blood in his hand and took a deep breath. It was his mother's preserved blood, and because it was blood, it was both more and less potent than the skeleton they had expected to find. More troublingly they did not know when Lily Potter's body had been removed from her grave, and if it had been long enough ago, the site might not count for much...But, Harry thought, looking at the letters engraved in the marble and focusing on his mother's name, it meant something that this was supposed to be his mother's grave. Everyone thought of it as her grave, and there were dying flowers scattered on the grave amidst the remains of candy and cake left out for her, and draughts of wine and beer poured into the grass over the coffin. Whether or not his mother's body had ever been buried in this earth, it was the site by which she was remembered.He took the vial, and he knelt by the tomb, ducking another jet of light. Hermione, he saw out of the corner of his eye, had her wand out, and he hoped she and Ron were ready to deflect anything they could that came his way. There was a chipped piece of crockery nearby that must have had an offering from the tomb. Harry picked it up and brushed it off with the edge of his cloak, and put it on his thighs. With shaking fingers, Harry opened the bottle, and poured his mother's blood into the bowl.Harry closed his eyes."Mum," he said, and tried not to listen to the exclamations and explosions of the nearby battle. "I know you're here..." He focused on his own magic, because his own magic was where his mother's traces were strongest, where her own magic lingered: the magic of the protections that had been a part of him since he was a baby. "Mum... Lily Evans Potter..."His throat hurt. His eyes stung. "I cast you out," he said, and his fingers bit into the glass, and he knew he was cutting himself. He thought of the grave site, of the blood Hermione had spilled in the dirt around him. "You gave me your life... You gave the world your life... I give it back. I cast you out," he said, the second time, and took a breath. Like many of the Dark Arts it wasn't technically classified among, this ritual of exorcism was simple because it was built on intent, and will, and emotion, and the words were only meant to give these things form."You gave me your knowledge, and your last breath... And you fought Voldemort - Riddle - and you gave me my life... And I know you're still with me, here in this world," Harry said. He was crying, now, and his voice was strained. He pictured his mother, as he had seen her in pictures, and in memories, and he said, for the third time, "I cast you out."The magic had been building pressure slowly, and now it came to a head. Light flared so brightly it hurt his closed eyes, and there was a moment of intense heat, and Harry was laid flat out on his back by the grave. He might have blacked out for a moment, or the magic simply drowned out all sensation.When it was over, the churchyard was quiet. Aunt Cassie had said the ritual might need to be repeated, the words said nine times, or twelve, instead of three. But unquestionably three had been enough.The spellfire was gone. Harry raised his head to look. Aunt Cassie had said she would have to trigger the death concealed in Harry - whatever that meant - to use it against Voldemort, and Harry craned his neck to find him. He could see the tall figure standing in the dark... Stock still, in fact, staring into the forest, and completely ignoring the duelists.Harry looked past Voldemort, and for a moment his mind could not understand what lay beyond. His eyes would not see it and his mind would not understand: it was nothingness, it was the absolute absence of existence, it was the opposite of life itself.Slowly, he began to see, but he knew that the vision that formed was something in his mind's eye, a sort of filtered version of the truth. He would not be able to look upon the truth. But what he saw was a second figure, larger, so large it seemed to reach the sky, and yet entirely human scale. Voldemort was a shadowy figure in black, but this shadow was a silhouette cast upon reality, a darkness that was the absence of a more than mortal and material light.It was Death. It was a Death that might be described, ineptly, or by someone who wished to forget what they had really seen, as a figure in a black cloak.Death had come for Voldemort, after seventy years of life, and seventy years of flight."No," said Voldemort, rapt upon the figure. "I cannot - I will not go--"Death crooked a finger, if Death could be said to have a finger. Something flickered. A flash seemed to go off, and Harry's eyes ached for a moment, and when he could see again Voldemort lay crumpled on the ground.Death had not gone. Harry looked in that direction to check, although he supposed Death did not really have a location to look into, and wished he hadn't. Death was no longer focusing on the Dark Lord it had come to claim, but looking about - Harry could not see its face but knew this for a fact - and the attention turned, terribly, to Harry."What's that it's holding?" said Hermione. Harry jerked his eyes from Death, relieved, but when he looked at Hermione he felt no better. For Hermione, too, was staring at Death, but she was not transfixed by horror or fear. Her face was rapt, and there was something in her eyes like fascination, or love."Lilies," said Aunt Cassiopeia, voice intent. "It's holding lilies." And once she said it, Harry could see it, too: the hand that was stretched out towards the forest behind the churchyard, and in it, pointing to the forest, was a bouquet of white lilies."She was one of yours, then," said Aunt Cassiopeia, and the shadow on the horizon of life seemed to nod."What," said Harry, his voice croaking, "Does that mean?""Get out parchment," said Bellatrix. She was on the ground, Harry saw, blood trickling from her forehead, but she was sitting up as she spoke, apparently not too badly hurt - although the bloodstains on her robes had darkened, already hours old and preceding their recent fight. "Death wants us to reclaim her body, I think, but we've got to find it first.""If her body was stolen before the Dark Lord's return, the bones might be scattered in the woods," said Aunt Druella. "Harry, if you're capable, the spell works best with a relation."Harry remembered slowly the spell to locate a person - or a body - by a relative's blood. It felt as though he was thinking through fogged glass, but he was grateful for something to think about and do other than the terrible hole in reality manifesting as though it were a shadow with a bouquet of lilies. He fumbled in his robe pocket and brought out parchment, and a pocket knife, but his hand was shaking too badly."Let me," said Ron, who was carefully not looking in the direction of the forest, where Harry kept glancing. He took the pocket knife and cut a shallow line across the back of Harry's left hand."Thanks," Harry muttered, and smeared the blood clumsily across the parchment."Episkey," Ron muttered. Harry put his own wand to the parchment, and said, voice shaking, "With the blood of the son, find the mother... Find me Lily Evans Potter." He realized then that he had no idea what his mother's middle name had been, if she even had one.It didn't seem to matter. The blood was moving on the parchment, forming a compass and a line of numbers below it, fainter perhaps because there was less blood, but legible and red in the light reflecting off the tomb. Harry wondered suddenly if anyone had heard them from the village square but he could not care about that now. He only read the compass, pointing out towards the forest, and saw the wavering numbers, giving a distance in meters, one easily walkable."Here," he said to the adults as they approached, and did not dare verbalize the thought blaring on his mind: they would have to walk past it."Come on," said Sirius, reaching him, and put his arm around Harry. "Don't look," he said into Harry's hair, and steered him as they started to walk. Harry swallowed and bit into his lip so hard it bled, and he did not look at Death as they walked in a group into the woods. He saw out of the corner of his eye that Hermione was holding Ron's hand, and Ron had his eyes closed, while Bellatrix and Aunt Druella seemed quite unaffected, and Aunt Cassie - his mind rebelled - seemed to be talking to the shadow again.They walked through the shadowy woods for some time, and there was a strange absence of any wildlife - although perhaps it was only the shadow of Death, which should have passed out of sight by now if it had been a real figure with a physical location but still loomed behind them on the horizon, even through the trees. The number on the parchment in Harry's hand dropped, slowly, until it was ten or fifteen meters ahead, and Harry looked up and saw - nothing. A clearing. A strange smudge in the center.Looking around, he no longer saw forest - they had left the trees, or passed through them into something else, or passed through a doorway in the trees, without noticing. They might have been in a field, or a desert, or a paved plaza, but it was an empty space except for something on the center, that, like Death, was not quite real - or was too real."What is that?" said Sirius. "The tracking spell says we're here.""It's Neolithic," said Aunt Cassiopeia, voice strangely distant, approaching the center. "A cist in the ground, but it would have been a tomb once.""Someone had better go down if her body was moved into it," said Bellatrix, reaching Aunt Cassie and dropping to her knees to peer into the opening in the ground. "Let me see, Lumos... I still can't see much," she said, holding her wand down, below the surface.They gathered in a circle around the opening, a misshapen square hole in the earth. Harry looked at the edge of the open space and regretted it. The horizon line was smudged all around them, but he could not make out the treeline they must have left, or identify the shadows at the edge of the clearing as particular objects. The only consistency was the figure on the horizon behind them - and Sirius's leather-clad arm, steady around Harry's shoulders."I've got to go down," said Harry."Are you sure?" said Sirius, unhappy, but Harry nodded. He felt Sirius take a deep breath against him. Then Sirius's arm fell back and he said, "Then go."Harry tried not to feel disappointed and frightened again at the loss of contact, but he nodded and lit his own wand, and dropped through the opening into the ground.He fell only five or six feet, and landed in a crouch. There was a chamber of bare earth at the bottom of the tunnel. Whatever had once been here was now gone, but there was a small passage leading off to the side. Looking at the passage entrance, he knew he would have to crawl. Harry took a deep breath and tried not to think of what he might find: more of those shadows that were the absence of something more than ordinary life, or worse, a skull under his outstretched hand that would turn out to be his mother's. Then he bent over, holding his wand before him with one hand and leaning on that arm's elbow, and he crawled.Fortunately the passage was not long. He crawled for five or six feet, about the same distance as he had fallen, squirming through the last section as the passage narrowed. Then the wand lit up a room before him and Harry's head and shoulders emerged into it, and he could see, at last, his mother's body.

Lily Evans lay on her back, on a spread cloak, as preserved as though she had only just died - as though she was asleep and would any moment open her eyes and sit up. Her hair was still a dark and vivid red, her skin still faintly pink with life. She was wearing jeans like Harry's own with the green cloak, Harry saw. She had taken off her wedding ring, but there was a mark on her finger from it, and her hands were wrapped around the long missing wand, resting on her chest."I don't understand," said Harry.Lily opened her eyes.Then she blinked, as though they had to adjust to the light. She smiled, a strange, stiff gesture, and pushed her hands back to sit up. "Hi," she said. "Took you long enough." And, her gaze focusing on him, she smiled brighter in delight. "Harry, is that you?""Mum," said Harry unsteadily. "You're alive.""Harry," she said again, and held out her arms, uncertainly. "I know I was dead a minute ago but if you can stand that - God, you're nearly my age, how old are you?""Sixteen," Harry said, "Nearly seventeen," and he went into her arms. They were tight around him. For a terrible moment he wondered if it had been a trick, but then she released him and looked over him, wondering."I don't understand," Harry said again. "You died...""I did. I killed me," said his mother, and laughed, clutching him to her, tighter. "It worked! It really worked. I'm frightening you." She took a deep, shuddering breath and said, "How much did you understand? You must have understood something, if you found me - if you exorcised me.""Aunt Cassie - I mean, Cassiopeia Black - said she thought you'd concealed your death in me, and made it so Voldemort would trigger it by trying to kill me, after killing - your shade," said Harry. "Er, she's alive, by the way.""I know," said his mother into his hair, "I know everyone who's ever died, now. I was with Death," she said, as though clarifying something. "I mean, I killed myself after making an agreement with Death. I preserved my body, and Death would restore me after Voldemort used my death up, at my appointed time, so I wouldn't have to die then. And Death took my place in the meantime. The only problem was his Horcruxes! I didn't know about them - Death cheated - well, it does that," she said, and laughed again. "That's not important. What's important is that you're here," she finished, and drew back to look at him again, at arm's length, and Harry realized that she was crying, silently."You're alive," said Harry, who was starting to tremble himself. "You're really alive.""I'm really alive," said his mother, and wiped at her face with a corner of her green cloak, and then gave him another squeeze, like she couldn't stop herself from touching him. "And we'd better get out of this place."They had to crawl, again, through the passage. The hole came only a little ways over Harry's head, so when he stood up he could see the others."Did you find the body?" said Sirius anxiously."Er," said Harry, and reached up to be helped out."In a manner of speaking," said his mother, as she emerged from the crawl way and stood in the tomb. She was just tall enough to look over the edge.Exclamations came around, but Bellatrix said calmly, "I thought you would be alive when I saw the blood on the tracking spell was still red. What did you do?""Why were you here?" said Hermione. "Aren't these Neolithic tombs? Whose was it?""It might take a while to explain the - technicalities," said his mother, laughing and looking up eagerly at the world outside her tomb. "But it was built for me, of course. Give me a hand up, would you, Black?""Not up to flying today, Evans?""Give me a break, I was dead fifteen minutes ago," said his mother, and took Bellatrix's hand unhesitatingly to clamber up the wall of the tomb to the earth. She knelt on the grass, once outside, and looked up at the strange sky and laughed, and she fell down and kissed the grass. "God," she said, "I was so scared for so long... It's good to be alive, though.""Lily?" said Sirius, leaning over, sounding frightened.She turned her bright green eyes on him and smiled. "I'm home, Sirius," she said. "Don't worry, I'm really alive," and she straightened to kiss his cheek, before turning back to Harry. "I never left you," she said, staring at him with the bright green eyes he had only seen in memories and mirrors before. "I've been with you this whole time."Slowly, like she wasn't sure he'd take it, she reached for his hand. And hand in hand, they walked towards the smudged, unreal horizon.When they reached the forest outside Godric's Hollow, it was daylight. Harry wondered if Lily - the younger Lily, the one he had trained - had caught the Snitch.

