Bucky Barnes was not born a killer. In fact, Bucky Barnes was not born as Bucky Barnes at all. James Buchanan Barnes was the full name that his parents gave him,  James  and  Buchanan  being drawn from distant relatives that Bucky had never gotten the chance to meet growing up and  Barnes  being from the surname that he shared with everyone he was raised around. The Barnes were a big family as well as a respected one, at least where Bucky was concerned. Out of all the names he had,  Barnes  was the one he was most proud to go by, even if  Bucky  was the most familiar thanks to his little sister’s early mispronunciation of his middle name. Once again, Bucky Barnes was not born a killer. How could he have been when he had such loving parents around from the day he came into the world, completely dedicated to making sure he and his sisters eventually born in the future were kept safe and sound? George and Winifred were two of the greatest parents Bucky could have ever asked for if asking were something he was brought up to do. As wonderful of parents that George and Winifred were, the Barnes family still was not one that was known for its wealth. They were still respected, sure, but in their kingdom, no one was wealthy, not even the royal family. Hard times were something well known to everyone who lived within the borders of Bucky’s childhood home.With that being said, Winifred and her husband had both done all that was in their power to make sure that all four of their children grew up with care, even if their chances to provide them with creature comforts were far and few in between. Bucky understood that from a young age, though. As the only boy and eldest sibling overall, he was well aware even as a child that taking care of those that he loved was more important than worrying about material things like money or toys. Family was the most important thing in general for him, because Bucky Barnes was not born a killer. He was born a good son to even greater parents and a fiercely protective big brother to three younger sisters that he absolutely adored. He was born with a sense of duty to his family and friends that most men didn’t obtain until they were much older, but his sense of duty never kept Bucky from succumbing to the seriousness that this could have brought on. Bucky Barnes was much more than just a son and brother, even before everything he did not yet know would eventually come. He was well loved by all that knew him, even those that did not share his surname or living space. He was one of the brightest people in the entire kingdom, and although he never got the chance to meet those that ruled over his homeland in person, it would not have been surprising if they still somehow had learned his name somewhere along the line. Bucky Barnes was more than just popular and charming. Admittedly, he did just as well with the ladies as he did with some of the men (in a manner more than just that of friendship), but his reputation with the public was marked not by the amount of people he had lain with throughout his teenage and younger adult years. Rather, it was marked mostly by what other things he had done for them and others. Bucky Barnes was dependable, not only because of his sense of duty to his loved ones, but also because he liked to consider himself a good person. He tried to be one, he thought. He always helped those in need when he saw it, both when he was asked and sometimes when he was not. He was just as good at being a shoulder to cry on as he was at being a dance partner, though if spinning someone around at the next courtyard celebration was what it took to get them to smile again, he would do it wearing a smile of his own on his face all the while. Maybe that was his fatal flaw in the end. As stubborn as he was when it came to doing what he believed was right, Bucky Barnes’ one weakness was his habit of almost always doing what he was asked to. As long as the person who made the request sounded genuine… well, Bucky Barnes did not only  try to be a good man. He was correct in thinking it of himself. As good men went, Bucky Barnes simply was one.  Such a good quality should not have been his fatal flaw, nor should it have seemed like a detriment to anyone. But that was the thing about Bucky. He had his imperfections— he was just as prideful as he was polite, and had never grown out of the mood swings that rose up when he was mad that he had so frequently fallen into as a young man. He was headstrong and bossy and could be a downright  asshole if he was comfortable enough with the person he was making conversation with. He was equally as boisterous as he was brave and occasionally more cocky than charming, especially if he had gone drinking rather than dancing that evening. These imperfections were not kept secret from those that knew Bucky the best. They knew of them intimately, and yet, they loved him regardless. Having bad qualities did not make Bucky Barnes a bad man. But as many bad qualities as Bucky Barnes had, wanting to do what he was asked for as not one of them. Or, at least, it never should have been. A lot of things should not have been for Bucky, and as fate would find it with the war that eventually came to their kingdom, a lot of things were never to be. The kingdom that Bucky had called his home from the day he was born was not only a poor one, but also one that was much smaller in comparison to some of those that surrounded its borders. Half of the reason that Bucky was so popular among the people could have simply been due to the fact that the kingdom’s population had never been larger than a couple of thousand men, women, and children. As such, when the war that had been sweeping across the neighboring lands came knocking upon the doors of his home, Bucky knew well in advance that staving it off was going to require the willing efforts of every able-bodied young man in the kingdom. The rumors of a kingdom wide draft had been stirring up for weeks beforehand, so when one of the royal knights came to the village where the Barnes’ were from, it was not a surprise to their only son. He knew what was coming, or so he thought. And he was right about some of it in the beginning. That knight was indeed there to ask those willing to fight for their freedom to step up, feigning the idea that they had the choice in the matter. Whether any of them liked it or not, the draft would eventually come.As a man with honor, Bucky did know at least one thing for sure when that knight looked him in the eyes and asked if he was willing to sign on with the royal force. He would much rather leave his family to fight willingly for their protection than be dragged away kicking and screaming in full sight of the sisters that admired him so much. Either way, no matter what he chose, it would not have been long before he had to leave them all behind. In his eyes, it was better to walk away with dignity than it was to be taken in shame. So, when he was asked to fight, Bucky said  yes  with the full confidence that this was the right choice, not only for himself, but for them all. The confidence in that answer was what made his willingness to help his fatal flaw and his sense of duty the nail that drove in his proverbial coffin. The word  fatal  in that statement would suggest that the decision cost Bucky his life, and in a way, it did. Although he was still breathing almost a year and a half after the point at which he kissed his mother and sisters goodbye, with what had happened to him once he entered the war, it would be hard to say that Bucky Barnes was still  alive.  Bucky Barnes was not born a killer, but in a cruel twist of fate, he was forced to become one. As if being separated from the family he loved so much and being made to fight in bloody battles alongside the other young men who Bucky had grown up with was not enough, there was worse that was yet to come with the war. Watching the land he had once loved become a wasteland with every wave of violence that the enemy brought upon them was a hell in and of itself, but if Bucky had known how much worse things were going to get for him specifically, he would have kept every curse and complaint under his breath or even better, locked deep within his chest. He would have been grateful despite the gore. He would have even been content to die as long as it was done with glory. Ironically, a curse was exactly what was to come for him, though he had no way of knowing that in the beginning of it all. For almost two years, Bucky fought valiantly, not only for the protection of his kingdom, but for the honor of the family he had chosen to leave behind. He had done that with the expectation that he would return to them as a warrior, or in the worst scenario, return to them only in the form of stories about the feats of bravery and strength that had taken him to the grave. Either way, he had always hoped— had always assumed— that he would return home in the same way that he left. With dignity. With respect. That hope only made it even more cruel when he was captured by the enemy and forced to become everything that his sense of duty had once pushed him to fight against. His capture had admittedly not been his fault. In fact, when he was climbing up that tower to take down one of the enemy archers in order to prevent him from killing any more of the men in Bucky’s battalion, he had thought to himself that it would not be the worst way to die. Better to be pushed off a tower while trying to save his fellow soldiers than be trampled to death by a horse or gutted by an enemy sword and left in a field to die. Over the past two years, Bucky had seen more than a few warriors die that way, among countless others that he did not care to think over if he was not forced. Some deaths had been better. Most deaths had been worse. But when it came to the thought of Bucky’s own death, he really had to wonder whether he would rather die in a manner that was quick and painless—  forgettable— or one that was drawn out but meant he would be remembered. Would he be willing to suffer if it meant that someone would attach the honor to his name?He was more than willing to suffer if it meant he was saving lives, but after seeing just how fragile and futile life was up close, his legacy was something that Bucky thought about more than once. It held no influence over his choices in battle, but it was a present thought more often than not in the back of his mind while he was fighting. It was the most prominent thought going through his head when he was falling to what he was sure was going to be his death. It was not, but how was he supposed to know that at the time? All he knew was that when he tackled that archer to keep him from shooting at Gabriel’s head, the both of them ended up going over the edge of the tower. Bucky was never afraid of heights before then, but falling had made him realize just how high up off the ground he was falling from, and for the first time that day, he was truly afraid. The thought of dying was one thing, but the reality of it was another. Dying alone, away from his men? It was terrifying. But he was dying for them, was he not? That was the only small comfort that kept Bucky from screaming all of the way down. If he had to go out at all, he was going to do so with dignity. That had been decided long ago. He has no memory of hitting the ground, but that was because once he woke up, that cruel twist of fate made it so that he had no memories at all. The man who was picked back up after that fall did not get back up willingly. The man who had fallen had not planned on getting back up at all.Those two statements only make sense with the revelation that the man who was put back on his feet once the battle was over was not James Buchanan Barnes. He may have been that same man in body, but in mind? A man incapable of his own thought has no way of being his own person, but that was the point of it all. It was no doubt why Bucky had been brought back to life after his capture, why he had been captured despite the fall to begin with. If he had been any other soldier, his barely breathing body would have been ignored and left for dead. But, as it turns out, the enemy had other plans for him. What better test subject was there than a subject that was not one of their own?The enemy in the war that Bucky had been brought into by his kingdom was not any neighboring country or mercenary force, but rather a formerly underground organization, one that the likes of had never seen the light of day before. They called themselves HYDRA, named after one of the legendary beasts Bucky had heard stories of growing up, tales of caution told before bed meant to keep headstrong children like himself from wandering off out of the fear of getting eaten. The fable had worked on him for nearly twenty six years, but that was before the fall. As for after it… well, afterwards came the curse.The reason behind how long HYDRA spent operating out of the public eye as well as their sudden success at conquering entire kingdoms with skill that seemed to have popped up overnight came from what was perhaps their darkest secret. As such a sinister force to begin with, having something deserving of that label might seem impossible, but impossibility was exactly what they were aiming for. Magic in general was not something that was far fetched in their world, but it was not something that was as common as it used to be. There were fewer believers than there were at that point scientists or strategists, and among those that did still recognize magic’s existence, even fewer of them were willing to acknowledge the type of magic that HYDRA was putting to use. Black magic. Dark magic.  Sorcery.  The devil’s work. Whatever one wanted to call it— they never wanted to speak of it aloud out of fear a practitioner might somehow sense or overhear. Children may have been frightened into compliance by tall tales of monsters lurking around every corner trying to eat them, but adults were warned off by a few tall tales of their own. Though they were not known by name to those who were not within their ranks, HYDRA surely deserved to feature in one of those stories, the scariest one of all no doubt deserving to detail over what was done to Bucky Barnes. When directed upon a person in a concentrated manner, the type of magic that HYDRA was putting to use was no less than a curse. Long gone were the days of Bucky Barnes being charming and confident. After his capture, the only concern that HYDRA had with him was how effectively the curse he was put under allowed him to be controlled. Make no mistake. Bucky Barnes was not a weak man. He never has been. Never will be, no matter what shadows lurk in his history. But even the strongest warriors were doomed to fail when they came face to face with the sort of sorcery that Alexander Pierce and his men were utilizing. There was no chance for Bucky to fight back or even attempt a rebellion, for as soon as he was woken from the slumber their healing potion had put him in after the fall, the curse that came with their care had already begun taking its toll. If there were any small miracles to be found in such a morbid situation, it would be that their bewitchment was on an object rather than Bucky’s actual body. A helmet to be specific, though the modifications that had been made to it outside of the addition of dark magic had made it into more of a mask.That mask was made to be worn by only one man for a purpose even darker than the enchantments that the black metal was laced with. Gone were the days of Bucky defending his kingdom with the dignity and duty he had held so close— once he was captured by HYDRA, there was no longer anything honorable about the purposes he was used for. He was still a warrior. It was just that now, he was fighting from the opposite side of the battlefield. With how hard Bucky had been focusing on the thought of bringing glory to the family name be had once been so proud to bear, somewhere in the back of his mind behind all of the power being used to control him, he was actually sort of glad that he was at least able to carry out his horrible deeds behind a mask. The shame of being made to do the deeds to begin with was still far greater than the small selfishness, but the only other small miracle in his situation at HYDRA’s hands was that he was completely unaware of those feelings for almost seven years. Seven years was how long HYDRA had him during the war. Seven years was how long he was forced to fight for a group of greedy, horrible people whose side he had never signed up to be on. Seven years he had gone without being able to remember having a single thought or feeling of his own. When the mask was on him (and during those seven years, it almost always was) he had no memory or cognizant state of mind. He was a blank slate for his handlers to write on, the equivalent of an animal whose sole purpose was to be used for attack. With the curse’s influence on him, he spent those seven years turned against his own people and countless others, acting as what they had forced him to become. Not just a killer, but a highly trained one. He had signed on to be a soldier, but when he came out of the other side, it was as an assassin— and not just any assassin. They called him the Winter Soldier, feared across every kingdom in the land. When Bucky had said he wanted his name to go down in infamy, this was nowhere near to what he had imagined. He had gone from brave to brainwashed, from well loved to lethal. Sure, it had been necessary for him to kill on occasion even before he quite literally fell into HYDRA’s hands, but at least then he knew that he was fighting for his kingdom. With the mask on, Bucky was left without the capacity to know who he was fighting for at all, but once it came off…He had spent so much of his life trying to do what he thought was right, and finding out that he spent nearly the last decade of it forced to commit every type of wrong there was? It was devastating. He made a vow to himself to never admit this to anyone, but sometimes, now that he walks free again, Bucky wishes that he were able to put that helmet back on. At least when he was the Winter Soldier, he had no awareness of what had been done. What  he had done, whether it was knowingly or not. With the mask no longer on, the memories of both before and after the fall have been forced back to the surface of his mind, and now that he is allowed to think again, the guilt is practically  all that he can think of. The magic may be gone, but it still feels as if the curse is weighing him down. Admittedly, it has only been a few weeks since the spell had been broken to begin with. It seems only fitting that Bucky’s time with HYDRA had ended in the same way it began: with an accident. Just as with the fall, the accident that had ended up freeing him took place during a battle— or as Bucky’s handlers preferred to call them, a mission. The term  battle suggested that the opposite party had a fighting chance, and with the skills that Bucky had both gained before his capture and been given during the attempts to break him into shape after, anyone who came into contact with the Winter Soldier knew within seconds that trying to win against him was hopeless. The kingdom that the Soldier had been sent out to infiltrate should have been just like any other assignment. The Winter Soldier was as mentioned before, an assassin. The most feared in all of the land, including the part of which he was trying to conquer when the happiest accident of Bucky Barnes’ entire life ended up happening. To tell the truth, Bucky still is unaware of all of the details that led to that (quite literally) cursed helmet being knocked off of his head and the mask away from his mouth, but however it had happened, whoever had  made  it happen— he knows that he should be grateful for it. For them. And he is, really. How could he not be?He would love to have the chance to thank his mysterious savior one day seeing as he owes them for not just his freedom, but his life. Definitely his mind. Maybe even his very soul. No matter how long ago it was that Bucky was last able to put the manners his mother instilled in him into practice, he still has enough of them left inside to know how lucky of a bastard he is that some clumsy son of a bitch knocked him off of his horse within the first five minutes of their fighting, thankfully before much damage could be done. Such an easy defeat should have stood no chance of happening with Bucky’s skills, but maybe the universe had finally had enough of things  happening to Bucky Barnes. He does feel grateful. So goddamn grateful that when the queen of the kingdom he had almost attempted to overthrow had been kind enough to ask him to stay on as a knight despite the ashamed admission he had made when forced to go before her court that he had said  yes  with only a moment’s hesitation. It wasn’t like he had anywhere else to go, in any case. It had taken less than a day with the dark magic no longer clouding his mind for him to remember his family and even less time for him to realize that all the destruction he had been forced to cause during the war would be a disgrace to the family name he had cherished so much growing up. Even if they wanted to see him— and that was operating under the assumption that they were still alive in the first place— Bucky was no longer sure he was the son that they would be expecting to see return home. Not that he would have much of a home to return to anyways. Queen Sarah had been kind enough to allow him access to the royal library even before his trial had taken place, and much to his dismay, Bucky had tried to catch up on recent history (some of which he had unknowingly been involved with) only to discover that the disintegration of his former kingdom was common knowledge. It had happened long ago enough for it to be written about in  books.  Bucky had gone so many years without access to knowledge of any sort. Starting out his first foray into normal society again bearing such bad news… well, it was far from ideal. But it was how things were. It’s how things  are,  even three weeks after Bucky had been allowed to take on some of his new duties as a knight and begin the process of settling down within still foreign castle walls. The only thing Bucky can think of to do now is do what he was brought up to, to fulfill the sense of purpose instilled in him by parents that he’s not sure he’ll ever see again. No matter how he feels about his past or how apprehensive he is about his future, he still has to do his best to push through it. He has to make sure he still deserves to be a Barnes, so he’ll do what his sense of duty has always directed him towards. He’ll put his best foot forward and do what he thinks is right. He’ll fight again if he has to, but this time, those fights will be his choice. It doesn’t matter if his mask getting knocked off and curse getting broken was an accident or not. It had to have happened for a reason, and even if fate had no hand in that decision, Bucky has decided to claim a reason of his own. He’ll do what he has to to make amends, to atone for what he’s done even if he knows that he can never go back home. He’ll do what he can to balance back the scales of what good and bad that he’s done, even if that means he has to stay in this strange new kingdom for the rest of his life. Because Bucky Barnes was not born a killer, nor will he allow himself to remain one. He won’t ever succumb to what kind of monster they forced him to become. Without that damn mask strapped on, he won’t ever let them get near him again. He’s on his own now, free to make his own decisions for the first time since he was twenty seven years old, and now that the mask has been taken away? It’s up to him to decide what kind of man has been found behind it. 

Steve Rogers was not born a prince. 

Or, rather, he was never supposed to be. A more accurate description of his familial situation would read more like this: Sarah Rogers was not always a queen. At least not in the conventional sense. 

Despite being a peasant girl born to parents of the same status in a small but stable kingdom, Sarah’s ever mysterious lover (and Steve’s eventual equally mysterious father) had always told her during their courtship that she would always be royalty in his eyes, but for a long while, Sarah had thought that was just the usual sweet talk that came from almost every boy around that age. She had brushed it off without a thought in an ignorant oversight that proved itself to be a mistake. Not a deadly one by any means, but one that did make for some interesting complications. 

As Sarah would eventually discover, Joseph Rogers, despite all of his boyish charm and coquettish nicknames, was absolutely a man of his word. Honesty, as he had once told her, was a quality carried down through every generation bearing the Rogers’ family name. Sarah had simply kissed him and told him that she would be thrilled to be one of the women to help make that happen. She had been telling the truth as well, and that was well before she took on the surname to match her future husband’s. 

For a long while, she had genuinely had no idea that Joseph meant for his proclamations of calling her a Queen to become true until right before their wedding bells were supposed to start ringing and the baby forming in her belly was already starting to show through her skirts. That baby, of course, would eventually be born as Steve Rogers, though neither of his parents knew that quite yet. 

At that point, Sarah was not yet even aware of who

was. Even when she was eventually let in on the secret of his status, it took more than a few hours of convincing for her to fully believe it. The pauper boy that she thought she had fallen in love with was not a pauper at all. He was a prince- he was

Having been raised on the outskirts of the kingdom, Sarah had not grown up giving much thought to the affairs that took place within the castle walls. She had never entertained the idea that she might one day meet anyone who was important enough to live inside them, let alone thought that she and one of the most prominent people in the entire kingdom might one day fall in love. 

She had not even been aware of what the prince was supposed to look like, which explained why she and Joseph had so easily become tangled up with each other without her noticing who he really was.  

She had been understandably angry about the deception at first (and had gotten even angrier when Joseph so helpfully pointed out that he had not

so much as omitted certain parts of the truth) but that promised Rogers’ family honesty had come through in the end when Joseph laid all of his cards on the table and admitted to her what his reasons were for keeping such a large secret to himself. 

There had been a long speech given during a grand gesture of romance where Joseph had come riding up to their secret meeting spot in the woods, wearing the clothes of a royal for the first time where Sarah could see. As if the change in outfit had not made it obvious enough, Joseph had confessed that he was indeed destined to be king, and that if Sarah were still to marry him, she would be not only his queen, but the entire kingdom’s. 

she had interrupted to ask, uncaring about the promises of castles and crowns that he was making, focusing instead on both hands that she had cradled over her stomach protectively, already visibly swollen with the baby-

baby- that was residing inside.

“Why did you not tell me before?”

Before they fell in love, she meant in part, but mostly, before they had created a child together. 

Joseph’s answer had been simple, a stark contrast to the rest of the situation whose complications were finally starting to show.

“How else could I have been sure that I had found someone who finally loved me for

and not this god forsaken crown?”

he had exclaimed, going as far as to throw the circlet he was wearing that marked him as a prince on the ground.

“You, Sarah, are the first person who loves me for my heart and not my status.”

There had wound up being many more words exchanged before they reached a resolution, profuse apologies made on Joseph’s end for the deception and several curses made on Sarah’s for springing such a surprise. But, in the end, Joseph’s final point had overshadowed any anger Sarah was still feeling. 

He had gripped her hands and looked her dead in the eye with so much genuine conviction in his expression that she felt as if she could not look away even if she tried. “

No matter who it is between, a marriage is not meant to be made up of material things,

” he had whispered, unclasping his cloak bearing the royal crest and tossing it onto the ground to join his circlet in as if he were trying to show that he would gladly shed his position as a prince for her if he were able.

“We are more than just our markings. You are more than one of my subjects. I am more than just a prince.”

And then his hands were on top of Sarah’s, pressing down gently.

“You are to be my wife, if you’ll still have me. And I… I would much rather be our baby’s father than the future king.”

That bit of honesty had been what really won her over once the speech reached its conclusion, because despite the frustration Sarah was still feeling, she had no way of disagreeing with him on that. The baby was hers more than anything- if was her body creating it, after all- but Joseph,  underneath all of his stubbornness and stupid plans, was a good man. 

A prince who wanted to marry a peasant, who was enough of a hopeless romantic to have formed an elaborate plot to make sure the person he found was

And Sarah… she was the one, was she not? Like Joseph had said, a marriage was more than material things. His love promised more than just a castle for their future child to live in and a fancy ring to go on Sarah’s finger in the meantime. 

Joseph Rogers, prince or not, was a good man, and Sarah knew by just looking at the way he was baring his heart between them that he would be an even better father. He did truly love her, but he also loved their child, and that was the truly important thing. 

If she agreed to marry him still, Sarah would not have been simply marrying into the royal family. She and Joseph would be starting a family of their own with the two of them and their baby, born as a part of both worlds. A representation of the entire kingdom and all that was possible through true love bringing such different people together. 

Even before being brought into the world, their child was already accomplishing great things. Sarah had smiled and then gasped at the feeling of the baby kicking at her belly, almost as if it was giving her a sign to get a move on and agree with Joseph’s speech. 

She had. Not fully. Joseph was one of two stubborn people standing in the woods that day, and no matter how swept away Sarah was by his gestures, she also knew how to stand her ground. He was going to have to regain her forgiveness, even if he would never have to earn back her love.

He was a good man, but that did

keep her from thinking that his plan was foolish. That foolishness did not keep her from going through with the marriage, though, so maybe she was a little foolish as well. 

But that is always what happens when two people fall in love. They do foolish things and they fight and they find things out about the other that maybe they rather would not. True love requires truth, and at the core of Sarah and Joseph’s relationship, the truth was that they loved each other far more than they cared for the kingdom. 

And as much as they loved each other, as they found after the coronation was over and their baby was finally born, they loved their son even more.

On paper, Steven Grant Rogers was not a perfect child. He came into the world sickly and scrawny, too weak to even properly cry for the first few weeks of his life. If he were born a peasant’s child, he surely would have died, for the cost it took to nurse him back to health nearly every month an ailment tried to overtake him was one so high that only someone wearing a crown could have afforded it. 

Sarah agreeing to marry Joseph was likely the only reason that Steve had survived, which is what made it such a cruel event when Joseph wound up being the one to lose his life to an illness before his son’s second birthday had the chance to pass by. 

Sarah had been so happy during those first two years of her and Joseph’s reign, and that made the sickness that swept over her husband equal parts sudden and devastating. No one had seen it coming. Out of all the royals, Joseph was supposed to be the healthiest one. As king, he was supposed to stay one of the safest people in the kingdom. He had even agreed to refrain from fighting in battles after Steve was born out of Sarah’s exact fear that he would be taken from them and she would be required to raise their son and run their kingdom on her own. 

His passing made all of her worst fears come to life, a trade that she would have begged the fates not to make if she had known it were coming. How could she have known, though? She had been so focused on making sure her son remained healthy that her husband’s health had been a second thought to them both. 

Not even forty. All of the hair on his head was still blonde and the skin on his cheeks as smooth as Steve’s was when he was born. And yet, despite all of this, within the blink of an eye… he was gone. Sarah had gone to bed one night with her husband beside her with nothing but a cough tickling his chest and her son sleeping soundly at the foot of the mattress, but when she awoke the next morning, she found that she had been left to run the kingdom alone.  

Joseph was dead. Sarah was the only ruler still living. The kingdom was now in its entirety hers to run. 

The responsibility of being both queen and mother had suddenly become a much heavier burden than it had been before, but Sarah still loved their son, and even with Joseph gone, she cared for their kingdom. Both of those things were part of the legacy he had left behind, and Sarah would be damned if she did not do her best to make sure that his memory was respected and that Steve grew up protected. 

She had already had one man that she loved taken from her. She refused to allow her son to be the second, no matter how sickly he had been when he was born. 

It was because of these factors and the events that had passed that Steve Rogers grew up so sheltered, and it was because of this sheltering that he wanted so adamantly to escape the equally sheltered fate laid out for him by his status as prince. 

Having been born the son to two such stubborn parents, Steve was destined to be as hard headed as they came even before he was old enough to form a proper personality on his own. Such stubbornness paired with the self consciousness that came from the knowledge that Steve Rogers was never meant to be born a prince. 

During Sarah’s pregnancy, he had had just as much of a chance at being born a commoner before Joseph’s confession finally took place. At the time of his conception, a commoner was what he was supposed to be. No matter the technicalities of his blood status and the timeline of his parents’ coronation before his birth, Steve couldn’t help the constant feeling he had while growing up of being a fraud. 

He had been created to be a commoner but raised as a royal, saved from his sickliness only by a status that he had done nothing on his own to deserve. His father, the only born and bred royal of the family, had died before Steve had enough wits about him to form true memories of anything besides the portrait of his face hanging behind his abandoned throne. 

As good of a queen as Sarah was, Steve was supposed to be king one day, which was just as different from that title as it was the same. With Joseph gone, there was no one to teach him what that being a good king was supposed to mean. There was no lead for Steve to follow for the role, no one who was true

left to help him learn what kind of expectations he was supposed to meet. 

Steve had grown up sheltered, but that was not the only thing that made him feel so unprepared to someday take on the responsibilities of running a kingdom that he had no idea how to lead. More than just unprepared, he also felt undeserving. Undesirable, even. What had he truly done in his life to be fit to represent an entire kingdom? Sometimes he felt like he was unfit to even represent his family. 

If Sarah was Steve’s role model (and she was, undeniably), Joseph was his idol. He represented everything regal and good that Steve wished could one day become. Joseph had been in countless battles before he was king, had championed more than one tournament in his time, but had also given those feats of glory up when he met Steve’s mother. He had fallen so deeply in love that nothing else mattered. 

a fighter even outside of his leadership skills. If the stories about him were to be believed, he was the type of hero every man wanted to be. He had earned his stripes. He had been the perfect fit for his status, and yet still was not confined by his duties. 

Unlike Steve, he had been worthy of being king. 

Steve has spent most of his life chasing after that very thing. For all that Sarah always joked about him running around in circles when he was young (on the occasions he was healthy enough to run in the first place), those activities have not stopped even now that he’s approaching the latter half of his twenties. 

All of the other young men in the kingdom who are around his age have found their purpose, or at least the partners with whom they would like to spend the rest of their life. Hell, even Joseph and Sarah had met before Steve’s age during their time. Between wives and worthiness, Steve has found neither. Truth be told, he’s unsure of whether he ever is going to want to find the first, but even if he were, finding the second takes up far too much of his time for that to be his main concern. 

A lot of things concern him in general, but the greatest at the moment involves the furthest thing from a wife that there is. A

One that Steve himself is responsible for bringing behind their castle walls.

Not that anyone is strictly aware of that, save for Steve’s closest (and admittedly only) friend. Sam Wilson had been the sole person present at the stables when Steve carted in what could have been mistaken as another carcass were it not for the fact that the soul who inhabited it still had breath left in him. 

To Sam’s credit, he had refrained from reacting in the way that most men would if their prince were to haul what appeared to be an enemy soldier into the safety of what was decidedly

enemy territory. Sam hadn’t screamed, but he had squawked in a manner not unlike one of the birds he tended to up in the falconry. 

Either response would have been understandable considering Steve, as Sarah Rogers’ only child as well as the crown prince, was not supposed to go anywhere near the sort of battle both he and this stranger had obviously just emerged from.

If Sarah had known that her son had snuck out of the castle to try and pretend to be some kind of soldier, Steve would have been subject to much more than a mere scolding. Hence why no one besides Sam was allowed to know how it was that the man in the stable got his helmet knocked off. 

It had taken a lot of convincing as well as a few favors of Sam’s called in with more than a few of the knights to make it seem as if the stranger had not just miraculously appeared inside the castle. It had been more of an accident than a miracle anyways, so that part was at the very least not a

In the big picture, none of it was. Someone on the battlefield

removed the stranger’s mask and that same someone had indeed picked up on the presence of magic made obvious by the sudden change in the strange man’s eyes as soon as his helmet hit the ground. Someone had seen fit to save him by dragging him out of the battle and into the castle where he was to be dealt with by the queen. 

had done all of these things. It was just that no one knew that this someone had been their precious Prince Steven, who was supposed to have been spending that day as he usually did, sketching in the garden on full view of the guards or if he felt like switching things up, watching Sam take the falcons out to hunt from the tower window. 

As a royal, he had access to a variety of other activities to partake in of course, but all of them involved aspects of protection and safety. All of them could be done within the castle walls. Going out onto a battlefield wearing stolen armor and wielding a sword that was far too heavy for him, on the other hand… Well, the only thing

about that situation would be saying that if Sarah found out, she would kill him herself. 

Steve had almost taken care of that job for her while he was out there. Sneaking away without telling anybody- even Sam, which was highly unusual for him- was possibly not the most practical of plans, but according to the stories Steve was told growing up,

is the one trait of Joseph’s that Steve did inherit. 

As good of a king as everyone says that Joseph was, Sarah has always made it clear that her husband still had no common sense. 

Clearly, neither does her son, because if he did, there would have been no explanation as to why he found himself smack dab in the middle of a battle before it finally dawned upon him that being in a real fight was nothing like competing in a courtyard joust. 

Maybe his mother was correct in confining him to the castle, because in those first few moments after the soldiers and swords started moving, Steve had been thoroughly convinced that he was about to die. It probably would have served him right. 

What had he been thinking? He could barely hold his weapon, let alone wield it. He had neglected to grab a shield at all thanks to how much of a hurry he had been in when leaving the armory. While watching the enemy charge their horses towards him and his men, Steve had felt more than just undeserving of his title as prince. He had been downright terrified, so tight with fear that it was a wonder he could move his arms at all when the stranger got close enough to strike at him. 

His motions were so clumsy and childish that it had to have been divine intervention that kept him from throwing himself off of his mount, because it was definitely a miracle that allowed him to instead knock his enemy out of his saddle with the flat of his stolen sword. 

It had been more than just the man’s body that ended up hitting the dirt. Much to Steve’s surprise, when he looked down at his unintentional handiwork, he found that he had knocked off the man’s helmet too. That fact in and of itself had been just as shocking to see as the traces of magic were, and even that discovery was slightly distracted by just how handsome this seemingly magical stranger was. 

He had been covered in dirt with his hair matted down against his skull the last time that Steve saw him, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t still remember his first thoughts upon noticing what he was- or rather, what he was

When Steve had seen the man galloping towards him not two minutes before, he had reasonably assumed that the man was like everyone else on the opposite side. His enemy. Even then, Steve being Steve, had felt sort of bad about knocking him off his horse so abruptly. Once he caught sight of that magic, though, Steve was no longer how he felt at all. 

Though most people in their kingdom had never had direct experience dealing with magic, it was common knowledge that the presence of it was still scattered across the land, not all of which was under Sarah’s rule. Everyone had heard soft whispers and silly stories about certain magical objects at least once growing up, and Steve was no exception. He had no doubt that they still existed, and probably knew more than most about them thanks to the amount of research he had done in the hopes of using an enchantment as a cure-all for all of his problems when he was young. 

Steve believed in magic. He still does. Unfortunately, that meant (it

that he also has to believe in HYDRA. 

The tales about them and their magical traps aren’t the sort of bedtime stories other magical subjects have helped inspire. With the type of magic they’re said to wield and what they use it for, Steve would say that what they provide is more like nightmare fuel. Definitely not the sort of thing one wants their children to hear about when trying to get them to fall asleep.

But, as Steve realized while gazing at that stranger and his helmet thrown down on the battlefield, he no longer had to hear about HYDRA’s experiments with unwilling victims and dark magic. Not when he was looming over what looked to be physical evidence and seeing it in person. 

How could he not take the stranger back to the castle after coming to that conclusion? It was the only reasonable thing to do, even if Steve had neglected to see reason within most of the other choices he had made that day. If a HYDRA soldier was coming to their kingdom, Sarah deserved to know, anyways. And this stranger, as strange as he was, deserved to be saved. 

However, no one needed to know that it was Steve who had saved him. Albeit, the action that had led to him being saved in the first place had been a total accident on Steve’s end, but no one needed to know that either. Not yet. 

As with the rest of Steve’s adventures from that day, how he came to cross paths with the Winter Soldier would have to remain a secret, kept not only from the man who had been wearing the mask, but from everyone. Unfortunately, though it had happened during yet another attempt on Steve’s part to prove himself as a good man and a worthy soldier in his own right, keeping the secret still made him somehow feel like a fraud. 

Once Sam managed to get the stranger out of the stables and into the castle where Sarah’s guards were on watch, the rumor of the mysterious hero who had saved one of HYDRA’s most valuable prisoners had spread around the place like wildfire. There was so much gushing and praise being laid onto whoever this hero was that part of Steve almost wanted to speak up and claim his rightful place as the hero in question.  

Claiming the heroics from himself… was that really his right? That battle was never his to fight in the first place. Steve Rogers wasn’t meant to be born a prince, but he hadn’t grown up a soldier either, and as hard as he had been trying to become one during that battle, rescuing that man had been completely unintentional. Even if it did come out the other end with a pretty good result. 

It’s just that when it comes down to it, Steve doesn’t want to claim the task or the title of what it takes to be a

until he feels like he could accomplish something similar a second time without it being an accident. He likes saving people, but he would like to be

at it even more.  

What better way to become a deserving king than to become a soldier first? To become as great of a fighter as his father had been. Following in his footsteps would be one way to learn from him, wouldn’t it? 

The lover part will have to come later, but Steve thinks he’s okay with that. He can’t search for romance at the same time he tries to settle on the next move he should make, though he doesn’t think he’ll have to search for long to figure out how to fulfill that second objective. 

For the past few weeks, the thought of what the man he had saved went through at HYDRA’s hands added on top of the circulating rumors of Steve’s own anonymous heroics has acted as the fuel for him to pick back up a strand of research that he thought he had put behind him in his teenage years: that of a quest for magical objects. A possible answer to his prayers and a way to put a stop to what evil deeds dark magic is being used for in their lands. 

Embarking on a quest is a rite of passage for every knight in the kingdom, and although that title isn’t the one that Steve is most concerned with earning, it might be just what he needs to do in order show himself and his subjects that he’ll be not only a king, but also a true hero worth following. A quest might just be the perfect solution for everyone.   

With that thought in mind, what better man would there be to join Steve on this endeavor than the very man who he had saved? As some other rumors floating around the castle suggest, the stranger has chosen to stay on as a knight at Steve’s own mother’s personal request. 

Steve has no idea if that man would be willing to join him or not, but he’s prepared to make a convincing argument to try and make sure that he is. By choice, of course. That’s one of the most important parts of an agreement. If promises of redemption or riches are what it takes, then so be it. Steve might even be willing to confess his identity as his rescuer if need be- and really, Steve does need him. What quest is complete without a companion? Preferably one who has experience with magic up close. 

Steve Rogers may not be a knight, and he may not have been meant to be born as a prince, but he

born to be one stubborn bastard. Sarah Rogers, queen or not, didn’t raise a quitter. Steve won’t give up on his quest even if he does have to go on it alone. 

He’s going to earn his title before he takes that throne. Prince or pauper, hero or fool, Steve Rogers knows one thing for sure. Like his father and mother both led by example, the best way to a happy ending is to follow your heart. 

As it turns out, settling on a specific quest to embark on is harder than it sounds. Steve isn’t sure what he was expecting, but spending a week and a half holed up in the back corner of the castle library poring over books that contain the mere  mention of magic wasn’t it. The knights that Steve knows who have gone on these trips in the past made it seem like it was easy to find their calling, like whatever mission they set out on was meant to be from the very beginning. Maybe it’s different for Steve because he hasn’t had any proper training or preparations for what a quest like this will entail. Figures. Having no one to show him the ropes for his future is a pretty common theme in his life, as he’s finding out. Steve has sparred with Sam a few times in the garden as well as competed in a few recreational jousts with some of the squires when he was a teen- but is it really a competition when everyone is willing to let you win just because you’re the prince? Steve doesn’t think so. That’s another common theme for him. His accomplishments never truly feel like they’re supposed to count. To be fair, the type of quest he has in mind might be a little harder to find the purpose of because of the magical aspect he’s intending on involving. Most of the other young men who want the glory that Steve desires aren’t going after the same type of thing on their quests. There are two things Steve is sure of about his quest. One being that the end result will involve a magical object, and two being that the companion he wants to take with him will be the ever mysterious soldier he had (accidentally) saved. As it also turns out, James Barnes is just as elusive as the magic that Steve has been searching for in these God forsaken books. Steve refuses to take the difficulty as a sign for him to stop. No matter how accidental his run-in had been with James Barnes, it was Steve saving him on that battlefield that gave him the inspiration for this quest in the first place. How’s that for a meeting of fate? Now all Steve has to do is find his magic and his man. Not  his  man, really. Steve winces a little as he turns his next page in the book he’s currently poring over. Even the mere thought of suggesting any ownership over James Barnes feels wrong. Disrespectful. While the exact details of James’ capture aren’t public knowledge to them all, it’s not hard to fill in some of the gaps after hearing the other name he had gone by for the past decade or so. The Winter Soldier. As grand as that moniker is, Steve thinks he much prefers James Barnes. With what HYDRA had to have done to him… Steve presses his lips together and turns another page. That’s a lesson he plans to take on his quest: not all magic is meant to be used for good. Whatever object he selects, he’s going to make damn sure that it’s nowhere near the same as that mask he had knocked off of James’ head. Especially since he’s planning on asking the man in question if he’d like to go with him. He knows that revealing his identity as the person who had knocked James off of his horse and out of his helmet is either going to be embarrassing as hell or extremely gratifying, but someone besides Sam was going to have to find out eventually. Asking James to join him isn’t a mere preference in person or desire for companionship, anyways. When it comes down to it, Steve needs him. Going on quests is a rite of passage for every man who wants to become a knight, but as such a long standing tradition, there are certain protocols involved in the process. One of them being that every candidate for a quest is required to take someone already on the force along in order to supervise their progress. There are more knights than just James Barnes that Steve could take his pick from to ask, but as much common sense that Sam says he lacks, Steve still knows that asking one of those men would be very counterproductive to his plans. Sure, he could ask Dernier or Dugan or even Falsworth to go with him, but as much as he likes them, he also knows that they would say  no within seconds. They might have more experience with making their way around the kingdom and have more years as a knight on Sarah’s force under their belts, but that second part is what would complicate Steve’s plans greatly. There’s no way in hell that any of them would agree to take Steve out there, because they know that if they did, Sarah would surely kill them. Not  literally. As rulers go, Sarah is a fair one with no thirst for blood. But, even then, when it comes to protecting her only son? There’s a reason that Steve had to sneak James into the castle and pretend that he wasn’t the one who had saved him. If Sarah had known that Steve went behind everyone’s back to see battle for the first time, Steve would have absolutely no hope for going on a quest, not when his mother had him chained to the bed. So, asking any of her seasoned knights for their help on this quest is not something Steve views as a good move. Asking James, however… Steve thinks he’ll be able to convince him, or at least he hopes. As much as the man must respect Sarah to have agreed to stay on in their kingdom, maybe if Steve reveals his secret identity as his savior, he’ll be willing to give Steve some assistance as well. Steve has been mentally preparing the speech he plans on presenting James with when he asks him for the past week, fully prepared to make promises of promotion or financial compensation for his efforts if that’s what it takes to get him to say yes. He won’t use his power as prince to convince him, though. That’s the one line he refuses to cross. The whole point of this quest is to prove that he’s worthy of his position, that he’s going to be prepared to step up into his father’s former place when the time comes. Leveraging a title that he’s done nothing to earn against a man who has already had so much of his freedom taken from him? Nothing could make Steve feel more unworthy. He’s willing to do whatever else it takes to get James to go with him, but what he won’t do is use his crown as a bargaining piece to push the agreement. He’s trying to be a  good  man. Admittedly, things would be a whole lot easier if he were willing to do that, but isn’t this what heroes are supposed to do? Take the high road even if it makes their lives a little harder? Steve sighs and shuts the book he has in hand, maybe a little harder than necessary. Luckily, there’s no one else in the library that he’s heard come in besides the old cat that usually skulks around the room, so he doesn’t feel bad about how loud the sound is. He’s just frustrated. He had thought this magical quest was a good idea, but what good is a good idea if he can’t figure out how to bring it to life? Right now his plan is just as lifeless as the illustrations in the books he currently has stacked up around him. It feels a little childish to huff about it, but since no one else is around, that’s what Steve does as he stands up and goes back to the shelves to try and find another book to crack open. He runs his finger along the spines of the stretch of titles closest to him, scanning the contents suggested by them until he has three more picked out to browse. They look promising, but so has every other selection. The words in the first book in Steve’s new pile are so small that he has to squint just to make them out. God, this is tedious. Who knew that reading about magic could be so boring? Steve would probably have better luck looking for a suggestion in that volume of bedtime stories Sarah had always read to him growing up. At least that type of book talked about magic in a way that was interesting. Steve had been so sickly as a child that Sarah had seen reason to come and visit him in bed almost every single night, even once he had passed the age where being tucked in and sent off to sweet dreams was strictly necessary. With as busy as Sarah was running the kingdom by herself during the day and how miserable Steve was being stuck in his room with whatever ailment he had come down with for the month, their time together at night was usually the first time that either of them had smiled since waking up. It might sound sort of silly for a grown man to think, but those bedtime stories that Sarah told him are probably half of the reason why they still share such a strong bond to this day. The memories of his Ma smoothing his hair back off of his fevered forehead and reading him to sleep are some of the ones that Steve holds closest even now that he’s grown up and (mostly) healthy. No matter how many secrets about sneaking out into battle or planning to go on quests that Steve keeps from his mother, he loves her more than anything. That’s really why he worries so much about being a good king, he thinks. He wants to make her proud, show her that losing her husband didn’t keep her son from being just as good of a man as he was. Steve wants to carry on  both of their legacies. Even if she’s never said it out loud, Steve knows that it had been hard on her, having to constantly deal with his poor health growing up. Sometimes he still feels a bit guilty about how much stress he put her through, though he knows it wasn’t his fault. He hadn’t asked to be born so sickly. It had just been the unluckiness of the draw, but that unluckiness had also been almost unbearable at some points because of how close of a reminder it was to the way that Steve’s father had been lost.Even now that Steve is much bigger and stronger than ever would have been predicted looking at his size and stature as a child, Sarah still worries about him. She has her legitimate reasons- sometimes Steve’s heart still makes those odd flutters and his breathing can become too easily strained, not to mention how stiff his joints can get if he doesn’t make an effort to stay limber- but even if she didn’t, Steve suspects she would still be concerned, just like any mother who loves her child would. He knows that’s part of why he grew up so t, even outside of being a prince. It doesn’t make him hate it any less. That second factor kind of makes him hate it even more, because he’s always known that if it weren’t for his status, if he were  anyone else, he would have died not long after he was born. He’s grateful for that, but also guilty. He has more privileges than he can count thanks to his position, and he doesn’t aim to let them go to waste. Which, speaking of, means that he needs to quit wasting his time and actually make a decision about his quest before he goes to talk to James. It shouldn’t be this difficult, but the dreary subject matter of most of the books has made it easy for him to be distracted by thinking about those bedtime stories he used to love. With how big that book had been, he can’t remember them all, but he does remember all of his favored ones as those had been the stories that he begged Sarah to read to him most often. Some of them were more outlandish than others, but that just made it easier for him to get lost in his imaginary world where he stood in the heroes’ places. He had particularly liked the one about the two princes of Asgard, even if it did also occasionally make him feel grateful that he was an only child. Other occasions where he felt lonely after being locked up in his room for so long had him enjoying the idea of having a sibling, though. Anyone who didn’t have to grow up alone was luckier than the stars in his eyes. On the days where his body had turned against him the most, he had also liked hearing the tales about the man in the iron suit that had come up with a way to create his own strength, and on the days where he felt like everyone viewed him as weak he had always asked Sarah to read him the chapter in the book about the Archer and the Widow, a female warrior and her deaf companion who were too often underestimated that somehow made Steve feel seen.Just like Sarah had her reasons to worry, Steve had his reasons to wish he were born someone else. Reading those stories allowed them both to escape those feelings for a while. Steve wouldn’t be surprised to find that he has every word in that storybook memorized, he’s heard them so many times. Every page in that book is well loved in his eyes, but with that being said, there is one story in there that he values above all the others. His favorite one, and perhaps the story that for him hits closest to home. The Serum of Rebirth. For a kid like Steve, scrawny, sheltered, and too often sick, the Serum of Rebirth was the perfect allegory to his life, at least in the eyes of an eight year old whose greatest insecurity was that he was undeserving of the life he had been born for. As suggested by the name, the Serum of Rebirth would have solved that problem were he able to come in contact with it outside of the flat pages of his favorite storybook. The story of the Serum went along the same lines of most legends that children liked to hear before bed. Steve’s desires were no different. There was a dreary beginning, a promising protagonist, a great journey, and of course, a happy ending to top it all off. Everything a little boy could want from a bedtime story, and everything that little Steve Rogers could have wanted from his own life. The Serum would have saved him from all of his troubles as a child. It would have prevented almost all of the problems that he’s still experiencing today from popping up in the first place.  When Steve was young, one of his problems that the Serum would have solved would have been that of his size. Thanks to a few delayed growth spurts and a couple summers spent chasing after some of the squires, Steve no longer has to worry about being so small, though he does still have to watch some of the issues with his health that not even exercise was able to help his body shake off.The Serum wasn’t just about making someone big and strong on the outside, though, at least not according to the version of the story that Steve had always been told. The result of it wasn’t merely a physical one, but also mental. To quote the story directly, “the Serum amplifies everything, both inside and out.”That’s the promise of the Serum at its core, and as the protagonist of the story quickly found out, that meant that being exposed to it enhanced not just his physical capabilities, but the qualities of his personality and mind as well. He had gone from good to great, from boring to extraordinary. He had become more than a character, but a hero in his own right, all in the blink of an eye. The Serum is supposed to mold its drinker into perfection. It’s supposed to make them brave, loyal, strong, smart- essentially all the good stuff that Steve wants to come out of embarking on his quest. When the idea hits him, it makes perfect sense. Really, it should have been obvious to him all along. This sort of clarity must be what those other knights were talking about when they referred to their quests as their  calling , because all of the sudden, Steve feels like he’s seeing clearly for the first time in the past two weeks. Every myth, magical or not, has an origin outside of its own story. The story Steve is thinking of is one that he’s been enraptured by since the day he was born- one could say that going out in search of it is something that he’s inadvertently been studying up for his entire life. Steve presses his lips together in a firm line and pulls his next book over with a renewed sense of vigor that hasn’t shown itself in his brain for most of the day. Maybe now that he knows what he’s looking for, it’ll be easier to find an answer, or at least a direction to go in. There has to be some truth to the legend of the Serum, doesn’t there? Maybe there is. Maybe there isn’t. Either way, it’s been decided. Steve’s chosen quest is going to be to search for it. All that’s left to do now is some careful research, and then, of course- ask James Barnes to come along. Letting out a breath so heavy it threatens to blow the lantern he has on the table out, Steve tries not to balk at the thought of approaching the man a second time now that he’s actually awake. What if he doesn’t like Steve even though he saved him? What if he isn’t a good candidate for Steve’s companion?What if he says  no ?There’s only one way to find out, Steve knows, but maybe… it couldn’t hurt to talk to Sam about this first.  Someone else ought to know about Steve’s plan anyways, lest the kingdom’s precious prince go off gallivanting across the land with a total stranger that may or may not be willing to slit his throat at the first tense encounter. As shown by Steve’s actions with James’ body after he was knocked unconscious, Sam is more than just Steve’s best friend. He’s his confidant, and one of the only people Steve truly trusts besides his mother- which means that when it comes to the matter of this quest, Sam is also pretty much the only person Steve can talk about these things with.  He’ll probably think that Steve’s plan to search for the Serum is ridiculous at first, but he isn’t the type of person to try and convince him out of going after it. He’s a good man and an even better friend. In short, he’s exactly who Steve needs to go see before going after James to ask for his assistance. With what work he does in the castle, Sam undeniably understands just how caged these walls can make Steve feel. He of all people will respect Steve’s decision to leave, even if it’ll only be for a while, but he also won’t want him to go about it alone. So, maybe he’ll be willing to help Steve figure out how to get James to come along.Shame he isn’t here to help with all of this research, though. Not that Steve can blame him- being a falconer is a much more exciting job than whatever kind of job  this  could be described as. The life of a prince isn’t always as glamorous as it sounds, to be perfectly honest.  Steve sighs for what feels like the millionth time today and glances over at his lantern before dropping his head in his hands to better support the angle of his neck when he turns his attention back to the page he’s reading. There’s only enough oil left in it for probably an hour more in here at most. He’ll have to wait until tomorrow morning to go talk to Sam about James. Asking him for his help just to figure out how to ask someone  else  for the same thing does feel a little counterproductive, but if this whole quest thing is going to work out, Steve’s pretty sure that he’s gonna be needing all the help he can get. Like everything else that’s sure to come of this, Steve’s just going to have to brave his way through it.  - Talking to Sam hasn’t been scary to Steve since before he was ten years old and met the slightly older boy when he was still completing his apprenticeship. He didn’t used to live in the caste back then, but now that he’s grown out of his gangly childhood and into- as he himself has said countless times when trying to court some of the ladies that frequent the courtyard- a talk, dark, and handsome man, not to mention the best falconer in the entire land, he has his own quarters, located on the floor directly under Steve’s. Most of the other workers in the castle don’t live so close to the royal family, but none of those other workers are Steve’s best friend. With how much drama Sam has endured on Steve’s behalf, a room slightly cushier than even some of the courtiers’ is the least he deserves. And as the one who pulled the strings with his mother to  get Sam that cushy room, Steve doesn’t see anything wrong with deciding to knock on the door of it before the sun has started to come up. So what if it’s a little before his usual wake up call? Sam’s entire deal is working with falcons, and as the saying goes, it’s only the early bird that gets the worm.Since they’re both human, Steve comes with a breakfast not made of worms, but of scornes in order to try and appease his inevitably grumpy friend and his  perpetually  growling stomach. A peace offering, as it were. Steve’s supposed to be a prince, after all. He has manners. Sam is probably one of only two people in the castle that’s comfortable enough with ignoring Steve’s status to give him the sort of glare that he’s greeted with when the door to his chambers flies open. The show of strength happens so suddenly that the hinges creak at the same time Steve winces and begins worrying at the inside of his cheek with his teeth. Maybe he didn’t think this all the way through. Getting advice from someone who’s grumpy isn’t the best move, but then again, that’s what the scones he’s holding are supposed to help fix. Sam hasn’t spoken yet, choosing instead to lean against the stone cutout of his doorway as he scratches at his chest with one hand and uses the other to scrub his eyes open. He still looks half asleep, a fact that Steve takes to his advantage in order to try and strike before Sam can truly get irritated. He holds the scones up with a sheepish smile and a shrug in response to the way Sam lifts his eyebrows. “Good morning, Sir Wilson.” He takes a cautious step forward. “I brought you something.”Sam grunts at the ironic honorific put before his name, but shuffles back far enough for Steve to get into the room, staying on his feet long enough to shut the door behind him. His voice comes out still rough with the sleep Steve just shook him out of. “Only because it looks like you want  something.” He flops back down against his bed and gestures for Steve to take the chair beside it, which Steve does gladly after placing the basket of scones between them on the blanket . “I’m assuming whatever you want is supposed to come from me?”Steve huffs and hands him one of the pastries. “What, can’t a fella just bring his best friend something to eat?” That gets him another eyebrow raise and a spiteful first bite taken into Sam’s accepted scone. Steve rolls his eyes and takes one of his own in return. “Fine,” he relents. He can’t lie to Sam, even about the dumb stuff. He does want something- kind of. “What I need isn’t  from  you, though. Not really.” Sam’s frown is slightly confused now, which is a fairly amusing sight thanks to the crumbs he has unknowingly stuck in his goatee, but Steve feels so nervous about his next question that he can’t even find it in himself to laugh. “Go on…” Fixing his gaze on the ground where his foot is tapping furiously against the rug Sam has under his bed, Steve has to take a moment to gear himself up towards the question before he can actually manage to get the words out. God, he hates asking for help. It’s why he’s so apprehensive about talking to James Barnes in the first place. “I guess the only thing I really came to ask you for today was advice” he eventually says, the admission coming out hushed, as if his words would stand a chance at carrying through the thick stone walls of the castle anyway. “So if you had any for me… I would really, really appreciate it.”Sam’s eyebrows are still raised, but that really has to be more about Steve’s chosen time to spring this question on him rather than the question itself. They’re friends. Talking through things isn’t too out of the ordinary for them, but Steve’s expression must be serious enough for Sam to take the question as such, because he sits up and leans closer to where Steve is still sat in the chair by the bed with his legs crossed. “Yeah, man,” he responds, all of the played up grumpiness from his face gone in favor of the encouraging nod he doles out. “Ask ahead. You know you’ll get an answer as long as I’ve got one.”Steve does know that. He takes another bite of his scone and swallows, feeling much better about his nerves now that Sam has agreed to hear him out. “I only have one question,” he starts off carefully, dusting the small flakes of pastry off of his pants to keep his hands busy while he talks. “But it involves some complicated stuff.” He finds that he can’t meet Sam’s eyes when listing most of his  stuff off. His nerves must still be a little amped up after all. “My mother, for one. And kind of my father too, I suppose. Also me leaving the castle, which is where that first part comes in.” He knows that he’s begun babbling about issues that don’t need to be aired out right now, but the closer he gets to the ending of the list, the harder it is to contain the reflex. By the time he gets to the name he’s been thinking about day and night for the past few weeks, his leg is bouncing so fast it probably looks like he’s shaking. “But the advice that I need is mostly about James Barnes.”Sam’s eyebrows have remained lifted up for almost if not all of their conversation thus far, raised so high up on his forehead that he may as well take them hunting right alongside his precious birds. He’s surprised, and Steve can’t blame him, but he does wince a bit. That was only the first revelation. He hasn’t even  mentioned  the magical aspect of his idea yet. He hasn’t mentioned his idea at all. Sam’s apparent shock doesn’t make doing that any easier, especially not when Steve hears the way that it’s saturating through his tone. “You’ve talked to James Barnes?” Steve shakes his head but Sam’s brows don’t budge. “You  want to talk to James Barnes?” Why? he clearly wants to ask. Steve supposes that’s only fair considering it had only been a few days ago that Steve had come busting into the stables with James body dragged in behind him, begging Sam to help keep his involvement with the man a secret from everyone, including the man himself. Not that Steve and James have been involved since then- Steve hasn’t even seen him walking through the courtyard. The man may as well be a ghost, as far as Steve knows. Steve doesn’t know anything about him at all, but that’s the point of the metaphor. It’s part of why he needs Sam’s advice as to what he should say to get James to help him with this damn quest. “I  need  him,” is the only response Steve can come up with to break the awkward pause that Sam’s questions had created. Sam breaks the silence on his own end by snorting and shaking his head, which makes Steve realize the sordid implications of what he’s said. He flushes and then scrowls, taking the final bite of his scone so that he has both hands free to smack Sam in the leg. “I’m royalty, you know,” he grumbles, slumping back in his chair with a good natured groan after Sam retaliates against the attack by snatching the basket of scones out of Steve’s reach before he can grab a second one. “You’re supposed to  respect me. Not make dirty jokes at my expense.”Sam chuckles while he’s chewing his next chunk of scone, finally brushing the crumbs out of his beard with fingers that he waggles at Steve after. “Did you hear me say something? Because I don’t recall saying a word.” He flicks a crumb at Steve that fails miserably at making its mark, but succeeds in making Steve roll his eyes again. “Now stop whining about things I never said and get back to why you  need my advice about talking to James Barnes.”“If you’re only going to make fun of me, maybe I don’t want  your  advice anymore,” Steve mutters petulantly. They both know he’s posturing, but Sam is kind enough not to call him out on it, or maybe just too busy with how fast he’s scarfing down his second scone. When he speaks next, it’s with his mouth full. “I don’t really get why you want to talk to the guy anyways. He’s not that great at making conversation in my experience.”It’s Steve’s turn to raise his eyebrows this time. “Your experience?” he repeats, uncrossing his legs so that he can lean forward with his elbows braced on top of his knees. “You’ve talked to him since-“ He cuts himself off, wary of acknowledging what had happened between him and James before despite the fact that no one besides the only other person who knows what happened is in the room. “Since you dragged his unconscious body into the stables and asked me to come up with an excuse as to how he got in the castle?” Sam finishes for him. He gives Steve an unimpressed look that’s becoming increasingly visible with how the sun is finally beginning to creep up on the horizon outside the window. “Of course I talked to him. I couldn’t just dump him on the guards and run.”Steve presses his lips together. He knows Sam hadn’t meant that statement to sound accusatory, but it’s hard not to take it as such when that’s pretty much exactly what Steve had done on his own end of the bargain. Albeit only because he didn’t want to get in trouble, but maybe Sam has a point, even if said point is going unspoken. James’ hadn’t been Sam’s problem until Steve asked him to take it on. No matter how relevant Steve’s feelings of guilt are to the situation, Sam seems to pick up on them enough to try and backpedal. “Alright,” he relents. “I didn’t exactly wait by his bedside for him to wake up. Barnes was the one who took it upon himself to seek me out a few days ago.” He shrugs and looks completely nonchalant where Steve's interest feels as sparked as his lantern had been last night in the library. “I guess Dugan told him that I was the one who brought him in.”“Oh?” Steve tries not to sound too curious, but it’s hard to contain it. He  is  curious. No one else he knows has talked to James. No one else he knows seems to  want to, either. The man is a mystery that is yet to be solved. Sam nods, a slow look of caution crossing his features before he goes on. “I think that he thought I was the one who knocked him off his horse,” he admits.Steve can’t contain his curiosity any longer. “Oh.” He swallows, the sudden dryness in his throat making him wish he had had the foresight to bring along some juice with the scones. “That makes sense.” He can’t even stay silent for five seconds before he’s tacking on another tentative question. “What did you tell him?”  Did you tell him it was the prince?  he wants to ask. He doesn’t, but that does nothing to keep him from wondering,  did you tell him it was me?  As it turns out, Sam doesn’t wait long enough for him to ask in order to give him an answer. It comes up unprompted. “I didn’t give him the specific details of who it actually was, but I did tell him it was a friend.” He smiles at Steve now, small and a little lopsided. “Ironically, he actually asked me if I could help  him  talk to  you. ”Steve doesn’t understand why, but the thought of that makes his face feel hot enough for him to send a quick prayer up in the hopes that he isn’t visibly blushing. “He did?”Sam’s expression is amused, but his tone is serious. “He said that he wanted to thank whoever gave him back his freedom.” The seriousness makes sense now. No one in the castle has been petty enough to gossip about it yet, but at least half of them know that James had formerly been with HYDRA before Sarah took him on. Or, not  with  them.  Held  by them as a prisoner, controlled by magic in both body and mind. For someone who said that James was bad at making conversation, Sam sure seems to have talked to him about some pretty important stuff. Steve is almost insulted that he hadn’t confided in him about it, but then again, Steve has pretty much been keeping things from him in the exact same way, whatnot with the secrecy of his research for his quest. At least he’s planning on finally opening up about his plans in a minute. Sam’s confession has to finish coming out first, though. “I told him that you wanted your identity to remain a secret, but that I’d still try and talk to you about whether or not you’d be comfortable in revealing yourself to him eventually.” His eyes are still serious when he raises them to meet with Steve’s. “For what it’s worth, he might not be the most chatty guy, but he does seem like a genuine one. Just a little… guarded.”“Is this your way of telling me I shouldn’t be scared of him?” Steve jokes, fully aware of how weak it sounds. He just can’t stop thinking about how James is under the impression that Steve is… what, his hero? His savior? Is that what Steve deserves to be? Or is this just another way that someone is leading James’ thoughts astray? Would accepting the responsibility of freeing the man mean that Steve is manipulating him? It was an accident, after all. To Steve’s surprise, Sam shakes his head without bothering to laugh at the lighthearted remark. “No,” he murmurs. “You should be very scared of him, Steve. He’s a dangerous man who could do a lot of harm to you if he felt like it.” His eyes are still locked with Steve’s own gaze, driving in the significance of his next sentence even deeper. “But I don’t think he wants to hurt anyone anymore. Being afraid at first doesn’t mean you can’t grow to trust him.”As usual, Sam’s words hold a wisdom that makes Steve wish he’d grown up outside the castle too, but at the same time- while the guidance sounds great in theory, how does that help Steve approach the man without wanting to hurl?Again, Steve doesn’t have to ask in order for Sam to give him an answer. If he weren’t already such a skilled falconer, Steve would probably suggest he put his otherworldly intuition to use and start telling fortunes. “You want my advice?” That question is very obviously rhetorical, but Steve still nods just in case. “I would just be as straightforward as possible. Whatever you want, as long as you let him know who you are? He’s gonna give it to you.” Before Steve can interrupt with the protest that Sam must predict is coming, he raises his hand and continues before Steve can even open his mouth. “Not just because you’re the prince. He’s grateful to you, Steve. You might not want to take credit for it, but you did him a pretty great service, and a guy like him won’t feel settled until he can repay you somehow.”“So I’d be doing  him a favor by asking him to come along on my quest?” Steve doesn’t realize what he’s blurting out before it’s too late. Sam’s eyebrows have already shot back up, his forehead just as wrinkles as the sleep shirt he’s still wearing. The shock in his voice has resurfaced just as fast. “What quest?”If Steve could get away with it, he would smack himself in the forehead for revealing that particular secret before thinking it over. So much for breaking his plan to Sam gently. Well, there’s no taking it back now. Now that he’s opened his mouth, he may as well see his confession through. Looks like he has a little more explaining to do before he can make his next move. He’ll have to go find James later this afternoon. He sighs so heavily that Sam takes enough pity on him to hand him back the basket so he can grab another score. Steve accepts it gladly. He’d rather not have this conversation on an empty stomach, especially when his stomach is already churning with the nerves of how Sam is going to react to his next news. It’s now or never, though. Talking to James can’t wait forever. “Have you ever heard of the Serum of Rebirth?”

Living above ground in a castle is pretty amazing, as Bucky has come to find in these past few weeks that he’s been allowed to utilize his newfound freedom to roam around. Of course, anything would probably seem amazing in comparison to the dungeon corner that HYDRA had confined him to before. 

being those seven years in between when he fell and when he was found- or maybe not

, but at least knocked off of his horse. He hasn’t seen that horse or his helmet since waking up, and while he means no disrespect to the animal so much as the object he was always forced to wear while on it, he hopes that he won’t even have to see either of them ever again. 

Queen Sarah has been more than generous, and those generosities have not only included awarding him with an honorary knighthood and spacious quarters, but also a new steed, sword, and coat of armor to top it all off. As if simply not sentencing him to hang wouldn’t have been enough for Bucky to swear his life to her as payment for such a precious and unexpected debt. 

He owes her his life, but more than that, he owes whoever had been the one to save him on that battlefield his freedom. He won’t be giving that freedom up to or for anyone ever again, but with that being said, he would at least like to thank his anonymous hero and tell them that any other form of favor is one that he’s happy to owe.

During the brief day that Bucky spent under the impression that Samuel- or

as he had been corrected upon actually meeting the man- it had been somewhat of a relief to think that he could put a name and face to his savior. Bucky still doesn’t know many people at all within the castle save for Queen Sarah, the head of her guards (Dugan), the weaponry head (Howard), and now, the royal falconer and Bucky’s first proper acquaintance, Sam Wilson. 

Everyone that Bucky has had the pleasure of meeting is nice (or in Howard and Dugan’s cases, overwhelming but bearable), and they’ve been kind enough to supply him with every material thing he could possibly need. Bucky is grateful for that, really. But it still feels like something is missing. Some

The easy answer to that question would be the fact that Bucky misses his family more than anything. He misses them more than he misses the past seven years of his life, and after spending those seven years unable to form a proper human emotion, that has only made it even more intense to finally be able to feel the true weight of being taken from them twisting at his heart. 

It’s agony. But it still isn’t the abscence’s true cause, because while Bucky would gladly give up his left arm and both legs to rewind the clock and make it so that he never had to leave home in the first place, he knows that trying to go home now would be nothing more than a shot in the dark. Facing his family being either dead or disappointed is something that even a warrior like Bucky doesn’t think that he could stand. 

Maybe he’ll try and go home one day, sometime far in the future after he feels like he’s gotten himself in better shape. Maybe he’ll try and go see his Ma again once he’s less ashamed of what he had been forced to become. But until then… Queen Sarah has made her offer for him to stay on in her kingdom the furthest thing from a hardship. Out of all the places and people that Bucky could choose to seek his redemption in and from, where he’s at now is a pretty good option. 

Redemption. That’s what Bucky feels like he’s missing. He’s been given all of these gifts, all of this kindness, even another chance at freedom- but saying

just isn’t enough, especially when he hasn’t even gotten to thank the person that he owes the most. 

After going for so long without being allowed the comfort of making his own choices, it’s becoming clearer by the day that whatever he chooses to do with his freedom is going to feel meaningless until he finds whoever saved him. Right now, Bucky feels off balance. He can only hope that discovering who his rescuer is and offering to repay the debt will tip the scales back into his favor. 

He needs a clean slate, or at least an even surface to start his life from scratch on. Sam had said that he would try and convince his mysterious

to come and find Bucky themself. After seven years out of practice at making conversation, Bucky’s not sure if exactly what he’ll say to them, but one phrase immediately comes to mind.

Bucky’s Ma raised him to have manners, but with what he’s been through? Even the rudest of men would happily express their gratitude to whoever this person is. That’s what Bucky plans on doing if his mysterious hero ever actually goes through with revealing themself from the shadows. 

Personally, Bucky has had enough of shadows and darkness. He got plenty of exposure to those things down in HYDRA’s dungeon as well as having his face confined to the small space behind the mask, filled with the dank scent of dark magic and the dizzying sound of his own breath coming out in pants. During his capture, breathing was one of the only moves that Bucky was able to make mostly on his own. 

After going so long without light in his life and the ability to move around more than a few feet at a time, Bucky supposes that no one can judge him for the amount of time that he chooses to spend out of the castle and in the sun. 

His chambers in the castle, as mentioned before, are indeed both spacious and comfortable. He has his own bed, washbasin, and even a large tub to wash up the rest of his body located in his room, but as luxurious as all those amenities are, he’s still chosen to spend his morning today outside the castle walls, taking full advantage of the warm weather in order to wash himself off in the river that runs out back behind the gardens. 

He’s far out enough from where anyone could see him to feel comfortable sinking into the water while completely unclothed, which is how he finds himself in that exact position now, submerged underneath the river’s surface from the top of his head to the tips of his toes. It’s ironic that with all the comfort offered by the castle, somehow doing this is what makes Bucky feel the most at home. 

But when it comes to rivers versus riches, there’s only one of those two things that Bucky was used to when growing up. With how poor his kingdom was and how busy his parents were trying to provide for all four of their children despite those limitations, taking his sisters down to the stream beside their house to bathe wasn’t an odd move for Bucky to make. 

Sure, taking baths inside the house would have been warmer, but it also would have been a lot more work. Bucky had siblings, not servants, and since he was the strongest of them all, it would have been up to either him or his mother and father to haul (and then heat) up the water from the well that would have been needed to wash their bodies off. 

Even then, doing that would have meant that they all would have to use the same water in the end unless whoever was in charge wanted to repeat the strenuous process more than once. As the one most often left in charge, Bucky did not. Single person baths in the tub were a luxury, and if anyone deserved them, it was his Ma. 

Becks and the other girls weren’t old enough to start worrying about vanity just yet, anyways. Back then, they were at the age where they still thought that splashing around the stream and tossing the pebbles lining the bottom of it at each other to play while Bucky scrubbed behind their ears with a cloth was fun. It

fun. Sometimes Bucky almost even smiles at the memory. He misses his family just as much as he misses being young. 

He doesn’t do a lot of smiling these days, though. Not anymore. Now that he's older, he doesn’t have the heart to do much playing around while he bathes. 

He’s really thinking more than anything at the moment, so lost in his thoughts that it’s almost a full minute and a half before his lungs finally catch his attention enough to bring him back above the water’s surface. He breaks through with a gasp and hands that immediately move to push his hair back out of his face. It’s a lot longer now than he ever used to wear it before. 

refers to before the war. His hair had started getting shaggy within his first few months of being a soldier, though back then he had never planned on letting it get to this length. It’s almost long enough to brush his shoulders now, which are just as broad bare as they used to be when he wore his pauldrons and breastplate.

Both of those changes to his body are natural ones, but somehow, they don’t feel that way. Bucky left home at twenty six, which was well into adulthood with the amount of responsibility and experience he had had even prior to his training, but being an adult isn’t the same as being a

Becoming a man is a process marked by more than just growth spurts and body hair. 

Becoming a man is just as mental as it is physical, so what does it mean for Bucky that he had had both of those autonomies taken away when the process took place? Does that mean that whoever controlled him at the time also controlled what type of man he was supposed to be? Does it mean that HYDRA had control over that part of his fate too?

It’s one thing for him to feel that he’ll be able to decide what type of man he’ll act as in the future, but another thing for him to look back on his past with a clear conscience. He had been forced to do horrible things by a higher, darker power. He hadn’t had any say in the matter, and on paper, he knows it isn’t his fault, what they did to him after the fall.

But what is he supposed to do with that knowledge? Take his own word as law and just ignore the past seven years of his life? He can’t do that, no matter how tempting the idea sounds to him when the nightmares are keeping him from sleeping at night. A good man wouldn’t. A guilty man might. Those two sides of him are so loud when they argue that on bad days, Bucky thinks he might be better off if he just stayed under the water and didn’t pay attention to his body’s reminder to breathe. 

That idea is just as tempting as the other sometimes, but no matter how low down he gets while learning to settle back into living a normal life, Bucky Barnes was not brought up to take the coward’s way out. He’s just going to have to figure out some other way to move forward besides the options of ignoring it or letting it overwhelm him completely.

He’s not as smart as Rebecca once was- never has been, never will be, as she liked to claim- but he’s got a good head on his shoulders, and now that he’s in control of the rest of his body as well…

Bucky sighs and takes another deep breath in before letting said body sink back under the water. Whoever said that baths help out with stress relief was lying. Despite the picturesque scenery and soft sounds of nature surrounding him, Bucky is more stressed than ever. 

God, he hopes that Sam’s friend comes to find him soon. Until he does, Bucky’s not sure what other moves for redemption there are left for him to make. He

feeling stuck. How is it that he still feels this way even now that he’s been given back his freedom again? 

Putting so much stock in making amends with this person is probably a bit too hopeful for someone who Bucky is pretty sure could now be called a pessimist, but Sam had talked his friend up a lot.

had been the simple phrase he’d used when Bucky asked what his rescuer was like.

A little awkward, but a really great guy. 

The usage of the word

to describe Bucky’s mysterious stranger should have been a pretty clear signifier of what gender Sam was trying to describe, but after so many years out in the world (by choice or not), Bucky has long since learned no to assume what kind of person is behind armor, both enemy and ally. He’s had more than a few surprises sprung in him along that line of thought. 

The person who had actually come closest to killing Bucky before that fateful battle a few weeks ago had been a woman, one with bright red hair and a pair of daggers enchanted with light magic that Bucky would remember very vividly even if they weren’t quite so literally

As Bucky’s own armor had been made with magic that was dark, the two of them had clashed particularly hard, so hard that a well-aimed stab slotted between the lines of armor almost brought him down. It probably would have if it weren’t for the care that HYDRA put into the design. 

The care put into his physical protection became more cruel than it was kind when one realized that the only reason for the thought came from the mentality of him being nothing more than a weapon. HYDRA had to keep their precious Winter Soldier in perfect condition if they wanted him to keep functioning like a machine and not a person. 

In an odd way, being given such an average suit of armor, the same one that all of Queen Sarah’s guards usually wore, had been a relief. There was nothing special about it, and when Bucky had it on, he was no one. He was normal. He was one of them. 

He doesn’t allow anyone to clean or even touch his armor anymore, nor does he like them to touch his weapons. Some of the other knights had offered to find him a squire to do it instead, but Bucky had declined the chances as politely as possible. He doesn’t want strangers to take care of this, not when he finds so much peace in finally being able to take care of such menial tasks for himself. 

He owes less people favors this way, too. That’s another relief all on its own. Fulfilling his duties has always been important to Bucky, but after HYDRA, he has to admit that the importance has increased to an amount he’s not sure his old self would have found normal. But of the two most common themes in his life, duty and death, he knows that he would much rather partake in the first option. 

Speaking of owing people favors, though, right now he actually has someone who owes

one for once. A few days ago, he and one of the other guards, Dernier, had sparred out on the training grounds, Dugan supervising under the claim of wanting to see how well Bucky could wield a sword. 

Considering that Bucky had won the match in about five minutes flat, he would say that he wields one just fine. Even without the mask on, he’s retained those seven years and then some that he picked up during both his capture and time as a voluntary soldier. Dugan and Dernier had both been impressed, the former even going as far as to pat Bucky on the back when he turned to head back to where their weapons were stored in a silent signifier that they were done. 

Neither of the men present had said it out loud, but Bucky knew that the friendliness and fight were both attempts to make him feel included. They had worked in part, at least enough to get him to eat dinner with the rest of them at the table for the first time. However, no amount of smiles or well-meaning remarks about his talent with a blade was enough to make him feel better about how he had picked up that talent in the first place. 

That fight may have ended with Dugan and Dernier promising him another meal with them sometime soon, but it had amso ended with Bucky feeling borderline nauseous. A knight who doesn’t want to fight. What a fucking joke. Maybe he doesn’t love serving his duty as much as he thought.

Admittedly, being freed from his forced servitude is still a bit of a fresh wound, so maybe it’s just too soon for him to appreciate the practice of playful violence. Especially when he knows the serious extent to which his skills have rendered him capable of. If it came down to another proper battle or even just the protection of one person, Bucky knows that he would be willing to pull out all the stops. He had sworn a vow to do that exact thing for this kingdom, something he had agreed to so easily for a reason. 

Because he thinks that’s what all of this business does come down to for him personally.

people is one thing- it’s what every good man would choose to do. But attacking someone, making the first move of needless aggression upon someone who is likely an innocent? The thought makes Bucky just as sick as he’d been after nicking Dernier with the tip of his blade. 

This time when Bucky pops back above the river’s surface, it’s with a much clearer (and a much wetter) head. He smooths his hair back in the same way as he had before , but after deciding not to go back under also begins to run his fingers through the less tangled strands in order to start wringing some of the water out. 

He needs to get out soon anyways. He has a meal already wrapped up to eat by where he has his clothes set on the riverbank, so meeting up with Dernier and Dugan for dinner again will have to wait for another day, but if he dries off fast enough he may have time to take another trip to the library again after. 

Out of the many rooms the castle has to offer, the library is definitely one of his favorite ones. He hasn’t been going there as often as he goes outside, but after his quarters, it’s the place

side that he frequents the most. He had meant to go again last night, but that plan was interrupted whenever his midday nap had resulted in another nightmare, set during the too long period of time where he had been the Winter Soldier. He’d felt so unsafe to be around after waking up that he had ended up staying in his room for the rest of the day.  

The library is somewhat of a sanctuary from all of that, all of the books inside keeping Bucky so busy with catching up on what he had missed from the world during his capture that worrying about the Winter Soldier becomes nothing more than a second thought. Bucky had always been able to appreciate a good story growing up, both on paper and in spoken word, but he’s finding that it’s just as easy getting immersed into research as it is in imagination. 

The section of shelves containing volumes that go over the history of Bucky’s own former kingdom have been a little too hard to go in depth with yet. He had tried to read one of the books going over the timeline of the war he had finished serving in a few years earlier, but he had closed it after getting only a few chapters in. 

He’s just not ready for that right now, and with how fragile his sanity still feels sometimes when he comes out of his nightmares… he doesn’t want to push it. There’s no telling what would happen if he were to accidentally snap, even without any dark magic involved. 

It’s funny that he’s thinking about

, because when he hears a twig do just that somewhere nearby in the forest not five seconds later, Bucky starts so badly in the water that the serenity of the scenery around him is disturbed by a splash large enough to send ripples all the way up to the bank where if Bucky’s senses are correct, a something- or maybe someone- is approaching. 

His battle honed reflexes are telling him to grab the nearest rock just in case he needs to bash the stranger’s head in with it, but his slightly more rusty social skills are telling him to hide behind a larger rock instead to keep at least some semblance of modesty about him. 

He curses under his breath when he finally sees the figure that’s coming out of the woods. As the sound of footsteps had suggested, it’s a person- a man to be specific. Bucky can’t make out everything about his features from this far away, but even at this distance he can tell that the man is blonde and well built, probably a little taller than Bucky is himself with shoulders about as broad as his own. 

He’s good looking, as the part of Bucky’s brain that still retains some of the vanity from his youth observes.

good looking. Still doesn’t explain what the hell he thinks he’s doing interrupting Bucky’s bath, though. 

To be fair, since he chose to bathe outdoors, Bucky should know he doesn’t have a monopoly on the area, but still. Anyone with manners should know not to sneak up on someone when they’re unclothed and vulnerable.

To be even fairer, Bucky is arguably skilled enough for the feeling of vulnerability not to matter much, but as comfortable as he is in his capability and his physique, he doesn’t feel very

when he doesn’t know who this guy is or what he’s doing. 

Looks like he won’t have to wait long to find out, at least. Not when Blondie- or whatever the hell his name is- has walked up so close to where Bucky is still waist deep in the river that the toes of his boots are turning even darker with the water lapping up at his feet. 

Now that Bucky has a clearer look at his face, he can see that Blondie is indeed good looking. Pretty, even, especially with how rosy his cheeks are with the apparent embarrassment he’s feeling thanks to the situation he’s just found Bucky in. He’s not turning around, though. There’s something oddly stubborn about his expression, like he doesn’t want to be here but for some reason feels like he has to be. 

Bucky can relate to that. He doesn’t want to be here either, but until Blondie gets whatever it is he needs to out of the way, Bucky’s not sure he can find it in himself to leave. His Pa did always say that one of his weaknesses was always his curiosity, or as his Ma called it, his habit of being nosy. 

That curiously is what eventually pushes him over the edge to be the first to speak. “Can I help you with something, pal?” The

on the end of his question isn’t meant to be accusatory, but before Blondie averts his eyes, something akin to guilt flashes out from the blue when he blinks. 

He only raises them back up a few moments later, his stance looking uncertain but his words still somehow coming out completely sure. “I hope so.” Now Blondie’s head is lifting up, chin jutting out at the same time he lifts a hand to brush back a strand of that blonde hair back from his pretty face. “I know your name, James, so it seems only fitting that you know mine.” The hand in his hair stops down to instead gesture at the same level as the gold buttons adorning his jacket. “I’m Steve.”

Bucky almost groans, but upon second thought manages to hold it back. Here he was thinking badly of this guy’s manners when the only one being rude is Bucky himself. Everyone in the castle knows who Steve is. Bucky did too even if he’s just now learning what the prince looks like. Prince Steve Rogers, if they’re using full titles. 

James Buchanan Barnes, on the other hand, just called crown royalty his

Looks like Sarah might have a reason to give hanging him a second shot after all. 

The second that Steve catches sight of James in the river, all of the confidence built up by his conversation with Sam disappears in a figurative cloud of smoke. Though with how hot his cheeks go at the realization that James’ clothes aren’t on his body at the moment, his face may as well be on fire. So much for remaining cool and collected. 

He’s so damn close to choking that he doesn’t even feel insulted at the way James barks his first words out- his first words even spoken to Steve in general, as a matter of fact. He calls Steve

Huh. Steve has never been called that before.

Your Highness, your Majesty, Prince, Sir Steven-

these are all names that Steve is used to being called by the castle servants and common subjects. His mother calls him Steven as well, just without the honorific in front of it. When he was little, she called him Stevie, but he hasn’t heard that endearment in a while. He’s supposed to be grown up now. 

is one that still remains, but only on special occasions that have them both feeling particularly affectionate. He’s the same with calling her

Sam is the only person not related to him by blood that doesn’t call him by his official titles, which is part of why Steve values their friendship so much. He likes how normal Sam makes him feel, and part of that comes from Sam’s habit of calling him

instead of the stuffier options like

James is the first person who has even called him

though. Steve has to pause and blink before he can collect his wits enough to introduce himself, still trying to decide if he likes the nickname even as he’s informing James of his official one. 

He’s surprised he has to do that at all, to be honest. This would probably sound conceited were it not for the fact that Steve is a royal, but most people around here tend to know who he is before a formal introduction. This is another first. 

Steve thinks he kind of likes it. 

James’ expression looks to be a bit panicked, though, which Steve assumes is due to the realization of their different statuses. That makes Steve panic a bit on his own end, because with what he’s about to ask him, he doesn’t want James to think that he’s trying to use his princeliness as some sort of power over what decision he makes. 

The panic is what prompts him to abandon his planned conversation starter in favor of blurting out the first thing he can think of. “I’m sorry!” He’s not sure if he should turn away or continue making eye contact with James just to keep from looking at anything

visible underneath the water’s surface. “I didn’t mean to interrupt you, I just- Sam said that this was where you would probably be.” He rubs a hand over the back of his neck sheepishly and debates how dumb it would be for him to use it to hide his face. He decides against it in the end, offering up another apology instead. “He didn’t mention what you would be doing. If he had, I would have waited, I swear.”

The explanation probably isn’t necessary, but Steve still feels the need to give it to him. Not just because James’ silence is making him anxious, but also because Steve doesn’t want the man to think that he had meant to intentionally breach his privacy. 

James is quiet for another beat, but eventually speaks back up again with a much less accusatory tone. “I’m sorry for my initial response. You just… startled me, is all.” His hand is rubbing the back of his neck too now. Steve has to fix his eyes firmly on the horizon behind him to keep from tracking the way the movement causes his chest to flex. “No harm done.”

It’s true that no physical harm has come to either of them, but Steve’s breathing apparently hasn’t received that message based off of how difficult it’s suddenly become for him to get air in. He has to clear his throat before he can answer. 

“There’s no need for an apology,” he manages. “The misunderstanding was my fault.” 

If inarguably was, but James is gracious enough to wave it off. Sam seems to have been right about the stilted conversation skills, but he also seems to have been right about him being a pretty decent guy… even if his next move is one that Steve’s brain registers as just the opposite. 

The sight of James wading up out of the water is one of the most indecent things Steve has seen in his entire life. The V of his hips coming into view is what finally gets Steve to avert his eyes, stepping to the side so that James won’t have to pass by him so closely when he walks towards the rock where it looks like he had deposited his clothes prior to washing up.

The pile looks to be of his day clothes as there’s no armor present. There’s a cloth wrapped bundle sitting on top of the rock as well that Steve assumes is supposed to be his dinner based off of the flask sitting next to it, but he doesn’t register much past that one he sees James’ bare feet come into view. 

It takes a second to snap himself out of his staring, but Steve quickly turns himself around to give the other man some semblance of privacy while he redresses himself. The temptation to stop in his tracks and keep staring is distracting, but Steve’s years of etiquette training and the power of his embarrassment help win out over that in the end. It doesn’t take long for James to change anyways, as Steve finds when signalled by the clearing of his throat a few seconds later. 

He still doesn’t turn until James gives him a verbal go ahead, voice still guarded but now also a little amused, as if Steve’s awkwardness is somehow endearing. “I apologize if I’ve offended your Highness’s delicate sensibilities,” he says. “I suppose the least I can do after that little mishap is offer you something to eat?”

Steve shifts on his feet so that he’s facing James once more, the faded flush of his cheeks coming back even stronger when he sees that James has put off fully redressing in favor of remaining in his underclothes only, the fabric worn thin and gone slightly translucent in the spots where the dampness of his skin has it sticking to his chest. 

He’s sitting on the ground now, broad back leaning against the rock and the bundle of cloth set in his lap, unwound to reveal the bread and cheese that have been stored inside. It’s a pretty paltry meal in comparison to what Steve is usually offered by the castle kitchen workers, but something about the simplicity of it is appealing- as is the way that James pats the patch of grass next to him as an invitation for Steve to sit down. 

It’s a miracle that his limbs are still working well enough to properly lower himself, which is probably why he winds up stumbling over the next words that come out of his mouth. “You know, I’m not sure I’ve ever been allowed to eat outside before.”

He’s not sure why he says that, but it is true. He grew up sheltered in both the literal and figurative sense, and as a prince, the people who watched him as a child (and who won’t admit that they still watch him as an adult) only ever let him eat inside the castle. 

Before he can curse himself too much for making a statement that he knows must have come off as incredibly privileged, James distracts him from his embarrassment yet again by choosing that exact moment to shake out his hair, narrowly avoiding spattering Steve with the excess water by leaning away and wringing it out over his shoulder upon leaning back. 

He doesn’t look to be too concerned by Steve’s confession. In fact, he even goes as far as to make a joke about it. “Well, don’t feel pressured to accept the offer if you’re not comfortable breaking the rules.” He picks up his flask and takes a quick swig of the wine inside before offering it to Steve, who politely declines. “I think I already owe you for a few other things, anyways.”

Steve’s heart skips a beat for a reason completely unrelated to his health. So James has already put together the pieces to figure out that Steve is the friend Sam had told him about. That

is the one who had brought him in, and if he believes all of the rumors floating around, the one who had saved him. 

Steve knows better than anyone that most of those rumors are based in falsities, but there is a flattery in James’ sincere look of appreciation that makes it hard for Steve not to preen when he attempts to play the admission off. 

“Can’t break the rules if you’re the one that’s expected to make them one day,” he says lightly. Then, easing back on the snippiness to a tone that’s slightly hesitant, “Sam told you I was coming, then?” 

Steve already sort of knows the answer to that question, but he may as well give James a chance to talk. He does so with a half shrug that’s followed by a slow round of chewing once he takes his first bite of bread, a crust of which is offered to Steve as well. This time, Steve takes it, taking his own bite as James swallows his down. 

“He told me he would talk to you about revealing yourself,” he eventually responds. “And I have to admit, I was hoping that you would seek me out sometime soon.”

Steve wonders if he’ll be stuck with this damn blush forever. “Well, I’m sorry that I decided to spring myself on you so suddenly.” 

James waves off this apology as well, but the gesture does nothing to quell Steve’s anxiety, not when he thinks he’s finally reached the moment where he should ask James the question he’s been building up to for the past few weeks. He hugs the bent up knee he’s had his elbow braced on to his chest and contemplates how exactly he wants to word this. All of the planning he had done earlier in preparation for this conversation has pretty much gone out the window thanks to the conditions under which he and James had been introduced. 

Steve has been aware of his attraction to men for a long time now, but the schoolboy crushes he’d had on some of the squires and courtiers growing up are nowhere near the same as seeing a man like James in his full glory so close up. Now that he has, Steve’s beginning to suspect that his reasons to want the man as his companion might be becoming more complicated. 

When it comes down to it, Steve knows that he’s insisting on partaking in the tradition of a quest because he wants to prove that he’s just as much of a soldier as he is a prince. He wants even more to be fully deserving of any title given to him, but he also has to admit his reasons for wanting James to be the one to go with him have always been a little more selfish even when he wasn’t aware of how broad his shoulders are. 

that he can keep up with James without it being an accident. He wants to show James that he’s putting his faith in the right kingdom this time, not to mention build up some trust with him because as good looking as the guy is, Steve still feels the need to remain slightly suspicious until he sees him in action doing something besides just taking a bath. 

And fine, maybe Steve wants to spend the next few weeks with James just because he’s very attractive, but that won't be happening if he doesn’t man up and make himself ask the damn question. 

If he wants to be a hero, the bravery that’s going to take may as well start now. Steve takes in a deep breath and straightens his posture up in an attempt to both look more posed and ground himself before he can back down. It’s too late for that, because once he opens his mouth, James is looking at him expectantly and Steve knows that it’s now or never. 

He also knows that if he doesn’t choose

he’s never going to feel like he deserves to wear the crown that all of this quest business is really about. 

So, taking in another deep breath, he looks James square in the eyes and tries to summon up the courage that a warrior like him should be used to facing. “I know we haven’t known each other very long, James,” he begins, barely keeping from dropping his eyes down when James frowns at the sudden seriousness in his tone. “But I have a proposal to make you if you’ll listen.”

James blinks, but sets his second crust of bread down to give Steve his full attention. “Yes?” 

Steve hopes that he doesn’t look as nervous as he feels, but the go ahead from James at least helps keep his words from wavering. “I’m planning on taking a journey soon.” He straightens up even further when he realizes his shoulders have begun hunching in. “A quest,” he corrects just to make his intention clear.

James blinks again. “A quest?” He says slowly. 

“Yes.” Steve’s heart feels like it’s beating straight out of his ears, but he forced himself to go on. He’s too close to finishing to stop. “I’m going on a quest.” He pauses to lick his lips, eyes still locked with James' own. “And if you’re willing, I’d like you to go with me.“

There’s his question, finally asked and offered up between them. Now all he has to do is wait to see what answer is about to come. 

He can only hope that if the answer is

James will let him down gently. 

If Bucky thought that calling the prince

was out of line, what he says next may as well be an entirely different shape of its own. 

“You want me to what?”

Bucky doesn’t mean for the words to come out as sharply as they do, but after seven years and then some of going without practicing polite conversation skills, the roughness shines through, even though it’s completely unintentional. He’s just surprised, is all. Out of all the things that the prince could have asked for, Bucky wasn’t expecting a quest to be on the agenda. Hell, he wasn’t expecting it to be the

asking him for a favor at all. 

But, unexpected or not, the prince is exactly who Bucky owes his favor to at the moment, so who is he to write him off so immediately? The guy is fucking

anyways. Bucky shouldn’t be writing him off either way, but especially not now that he knows Prince Steven is the one who had saved him. Maybe that’ll be enough to make them pals after all. 

With the almost owlish way Steve is looking at him, though, Bucky’s little outburst has had somewhat of the opposite effect. Steve doesn’t seem insulted, but he does look taken aback as well as a little let down. 

Bucky can’t blame him, not with how sharp his response had been. He sighs and shakes his head. He can at least hear the guy out. “Sorry,” he says, just to clear things up. “I didn’t mean that in a bad way.”

Steve’s eyes, as big and blue as they are, still look guarded. “I guess I caught you off guard again. I should be the one apologizing for it.” 

He clearly means that as a joking remark made at his own expense, something Bucky never would have expected from a prince. Steve seems to be unlike any of the others Bucky has met, but there’s something he likes about the oddness. 

He’s still not sure of a lot of the other details about the guy- what the hell he was doing on the battlefield the day he knocked Bucky’s helmet off, how his involvement in it seems to have remained a secret from almost everyone else in the castle, why he feels the need to go on a

but now seems as good of a time as any to start asking those questions. Bucky is going to need some more answers if he’s going to say

to Steve’s request that he join him on whatever journey he’s planning to embark on. 

Bucky takes another bite into his abandoned crust of bread, chewing thoughtfully while he tries to come up with the first question he wants to ask. There are so many that it’s hard to choose a specific one, but the selection he lands on feels like a pretty good place to start. “What is this

you want to go on supposed to be in search of?”

As far as Bucky is aware, that’s what all quests are supposed to be for. A search, that is. Whether the quest for a person, a place, a powerful object- the goal is always to find it. Them. Whatever. 

Back where Bucky came from, quests weren’t very popular in his kingdom. The townspeople were too tired and poor to spend time thinking of such unobtainable grandeur and the knights up at the castle were so busy defending it that even if they did dare dream of leaving, it would have been seen as desertion of their duties. 

Here, though, Bucky is discovering that a lot of things are different, and not just because he’s living

the castle now rather than on the outskirts of town. All of the people are so…

, and the members of the crown are apparently so down to earth that they’re willing to go outside the castle walls just to talk to the people who are supposed to work for them. 

In the case of the prince, he’s down to earth enough to want Bucky to be working

him instead. Like Bucky said before, Steve is a bit of an odd fellow, but somehow, that only makes Bucky even more interested in hearing what he has to say about this quest. 

And as it turns out, Steve has a lot to say on the matter himself. The kicked puppy look sprung up after Bucky’s outburst is suddenly gone, replaced by the same slight stubbornness that Bucky had caught sight of when he was standing on the river’s shore. It’s even stronger now that Bucky is catching sight of it up close. 

Steve’s expression, now serious and intense, grabs Bucky’s attention, making him sit up just as straight as Steve’s own posture is while he listens. “Something magical,” Steve says, not giving Bucky any time to even form a full reaction before he’s brushing over the revelation and rambling on, as if what he’s just said is of no importance. As Bucky finds out in the next few seconds, the statement is indeed not the most important part of the explanation. “I don’t know if you’ve ever heard of Erskine’s Serum of Rebirth?”

The old Bucky from before the war with the snarky sense of humor and a quick mouth probably would have laughed at that and made some mockingly serious remark about Steve falling for the promises made by some crackpot old fool’s home remedy tonic bottled up and sold in town. The new Bucky, though- or at least the current one- doesn’t laugh. He has almost a decades’ worth of experience under his belt, most of which included close contact with at least one type of magic. 

The magic he had his personal experience with may not have been similar to what Steve is talking about, but their levels of power are within the same realm, and

more than darkness had always been HYDRA’s main concern. Yeah, Bucky has heard of the Serum of Rebirth. HYDRA kept a record of every noteworthy magical object that they hadn’t brought into their possession yet. 

Steve hasn’t gone as far as to say why he wants the Serum yet, but Bucky no one who goes looking for the Serum does so with the intention of using it on someone else. He wants it for himself, doesn’t he? But

That isn’t the question on the table right now, though, and Bucky knows he won’t be able to ask one of his own until he answers the one still set out before him. “I’ve heard of it,” he murmurs, trying to keep his response intentionally ambiguous. “But most people don’t tend to think that it really exists.” Hell, most people don’t care to think about magic at all anymore, especially not after what HYDRA had done to taint the reputation of its usage. 

Steve only hums and hugs his knee up higher to his chest, his bangs hanging down over his forehead when he looks up at Bucky through his lashes. “I’m not most people.”

Yeah, Bucky is beginning to figure

much out. This little prince is a strange one indeed, and that’s coming from Bucky. Most people around the castle are still so cautious of his past that he feels like a freak of nature every time he notices someone tiptoeing around something he should be able to handle normally. 

Steve’s belief in magic is one thing, but his belief in the Serum’s existence speaks to a conviction that runs deeper than just a dream. He even knows Doctor Erskine, the serum’s supposed creator, by name. Bucky has his own reasons for his knowledge about the subject, but Steve must know almost as much, especially with consideration to the confidence his voice holds as he goes on. 

“According to my research, the lab where Erskine created it should only be a few day’s ride from where we are. If we started out tomorrow, we could arrive there by the end of the week.” Steve looks a little less sure of himself when he gets to the next part of his speech, but Bucky has to give him credit for continuing without so much as stopping a beat. “I doubt that the Serum would still be inside, but there should at least be some clue in there as to where Erskine went with it next.”

“That’s assuming no one else has found it already,” Bucky mutters absentmindedly. He winces when Steve falls silent at the less than positive observation made about his plan. “Sorry. Ignore me. Go on.” He’ll save his criticisms for

he makes his decision. 

Steve takes that beat that he hadn’t before, staying quiet for a few moments until he seems to find the words he had lost at Bucky’s interruption. “If someone else had found an object this powerful, I think we would know,” he says, which is a fair point. “And I doubt there are many other people looking. It’s been a long time since the legend was popular even as a bedtime story, and like you said, there aren’t many others left in the land who believe it really exists.”

Steve is not only more grounded, but also smarter than Bucky would have presumed of a prince. It’s fairly easy to note even upon first glance that the man had grown up with more privilege than most others could have afforded, but so far he’s shown no desire to use that status to his advantage. 

The remaining questions that Bucky still has would even point towards the opposite conclusion. Steve hadn’t made any attempt to claim the glory of Bucky’s rescue as his own, and the fact that it had been a rescue rather than a capture to begin with suggests that Steve probably wasn’t supposed to

He seems like a good kid. Probably only physically a year or two younger than Bucky is himself, but still so nice and so inexperienced when it comes to the outside world that there’s a certain…

that pairs with the stubbornness in a manner that makes Bucky suspect that Steve will be going on this quest even if Bucky saying

requires him to go about it alone. 

No matter how big or strong he is- which again makes Bucky have to wonder

he wants the enhancement of the Serum in the first place- there’s no way that Steve would make it on his own out there for more than two days. The way he dresses and approaches people both scream of the riches he surely grew up with surrounding him, and Bucky is well versed enough with bad men to know that a bandit would pick Steve down to his bones in two seconds flat. 

There’s no way Bucky can let Steve take this quest by himself, especially not if he wants to prove that he’s still a good man. Letting some poor guy ride off towards his probable death even if he wasn't the prince would be more counterproductive than convenient no matter how many favors Bucky owes him. 

It’s with that thought in mind that Bucky exhales and slowly begins getting his answer out. Or he

be getting it out if Steve didn’t interrupt him within the first few sentences. “I’m not quite sure what you think you need this type of magic for, but if you want it… I suppose I do have a few things I need to repay you for anyways,” he tells him, already gearing up to top it all off with the

Steve is surely waiting for when the man in question butts in before he can.  

“If you don’t want to come along, you don’t have to.” Steve’s tone is no longer soft or even stubborn, but firm, as if he refuses to let Bucky think even for a second that he has some sort of obligation to uphold. That saying yes to this is part of his debt to the kingdom, or to Steve himself. “I don’t… this isn’t part of your duties. This isn’t about royalty, James, it’s just…”

Bucky can hear the sentiment going unspoken, but as sweet as it is that Steve feels the need to make the clarification, he’s only clarifying something that Bucky already knows. If Steve’s request were on behalf of anyone other than himself, he wouldn’t be keeping it such a secret from them. 

Acting as Steve’s companion can’t be a requirement to the crown when Bucky doesn’t even think the person wearing it knows where Steve plans on going, let alone what he’s going to try and do once he’s gone. And as angry as Queen Sarah will likely be once she finds out that Bucky has taken her son across the kingdom, he thinks she would be even angrier were she to know that he had chosen to let him go alone. 

Maybe this is the universe’s way of giving him that shot at redemption he’s been wishing for these past few weeks. Maybe repaying his debt to the person who had rid him of the mask in the first place is how he figures out what kind of person he’s going to be now that it’s off. This quest- maybe it isn’t only support to be about the Serum or Steve’s own desire for rebirth. Maybe it’s about Bucky being able to start over too. 

Lending a helping hand to royalty is one of the most obvious ways to redeem yourself, right? And atoning for what atrocities he had been forced to commit under the power of dark magic… what better way to counteract that than acquaint himself with magic that’s the opposite? Magic that’s

Out of every chance that Bucky could get to make amends for his past, this is probably the best one possible. 

Traveling across the land alongside a prince in order to find a magical object from the fairytales they were both told growing up. It doesn’t get much more noble than that. 

Neither of them are speaking now, Steve’s speech evidently having reached his end and Bucky waiting to make sure that it’s really over before taking in a deep breath and finishing his statement that Steve had just interrupted.

“I know that I don’t have to go

he says evenly, drawing his own knee up to prop his elbow on the same as Steve had when he first sat down. “But if you’re going to go on this quest and start messing around with magical objects, it shouldn’t be alone. And out of everyone in the castle, I think I’m the one with the most experience with these things, so… I would be glad to go with you, your Highness.”

Steve’s hopes have obviously been raised by the affirmation, though he apparently is doing his best not to let the excitement show. “I think you’re also the only one who wouldn’t tell on me for trying to go,” he jokes, settling his chin on his knee and giving Bucky a small smile that loosens him up enough to snort, briefly breaking the stoic persona he’s been upkeeping. 

“I know a thing or two about sneaking out behind your mother’s back, so if you need any tips about that, now would be the time to ask.” He takes another swig from his flask and then glances at the rest of his clothing, still folded into a neat pile on top of the rock he’s leaning against. “But if not, I should probably get dressed, and you should probably go eat a proper dinner.”

The habit of making sure whoever he’s with gets properly fed still feels so second nature that Bucky almost stumbles upon trying to stand. He hasn’t felt that since his sisters were around and he doesn’t want to look too deeply into why it’s resurfacing right now. 

Steve doesn’t seem to have picked up on it anyhow, too busy picking himself up and brushing off his trousers. “I was just going to write her a letter,” he says thoughtfully. “She won’t come after us or anything, but… I don’t want to give her the chance to try and stop me.”

Bucky gets that, really. He had done practically the same thing when it came to leaving for the war. Winifred had known he was going, of course, but he had left that day intentionally early so that he wouldn’t have to see the look on her face when he finally got on his horse to ride away. Kissing her goodbye the night before is the last memory he has of her. 

Steve writing his own Ma a letter sounds like a good idea. Sarah might be the queen, but even a queen no doubt will cherish whatever words her son has to say, especially when come sometime tomorrow, her son is going to be gone for who knows how long. Speaking of- they need to set a time to leave. Depending on how soon it is that Steve wants to go, Bucky has certain preparations he’ll need to make, as well as a bag to pack. 

He stops where he’s just straightened up with his pants and tunic in hand, putting off putting them on again for a moment so that he can ask Steve a final question. “How long would you like to wait before we head out?”

Steve had mentioned leaving tomorrow and arriving at Erskine’s lab by the end of the week, which is apparently the plan they’re going to stick with. “Early tomorrow morning? Sunrise? We could meet at the stables, if you want. Sam said that he could get us a couple of horses, so all we would need to worry about bringing is stuff to wear and maybe something to eat.”

Steve is going to have to dress a bit more inconspicuously if he wants to keep this quest business lowkey. Bucky sweeps his glance down over his body and the gilded getup he has on right now, doing his best to break that bit of advice to him bluntly. “I’d pack a cloak and a better pair of boots, if I were you.” 

Probably a dagger too, he thinks, but a prince might not have one of those, so Bucky keeps that part of the suggestion to himself. He’ll have to grab something sharp from the armory later and slip it among Steve’s things while he isn’t looking. 

Steve nods very seriously. “I can try and get the cooks to send up some extra food for me tonight as well.” Then he’s smiling, soft and a little sheepish. “They’re already used to me requesting midnight snacks. Do you like scones?”

Bucky blinks again at the suddenness of that last question. Steve is a very odd duck indeed, but yes, like any normal person, Bucky does enjoy scones. He tells Steve as much. “I do.“

Steve is still nodding. “I’ll ask for some of those, then.” He dusts off his hands a final time and looks at Bucky with that same bright smile. “I’ll see you tomorrow morning?”

Bucky nods, and although his lips feel horribly out of practice, attempts to give him a small smile back. “Sunrise at the stables.” 

That location being their starting point for the quest seems only fitting as it also had been where their story together sort of began, or at least where Steve first handed Bucky’s body off to Samuel-

That mental correction brings another one to mind that he’s yet to make.

He remedies that as quickly as he can. “Oh, and Prince Steven?” Steve has already begun walking away, but at the call of Bucky’s voice turns and waits to hear out what he has to say. “If we’re going to be spending so much time together, you should know that my friends call me Bucky, not James.”

Steve looks slightly surprised, but that faint w of his remains. “Bucky,” he says slowly, trying it out for size. He seems to like the name. Bucky likes the way that it sounds coming from his mouth, though he tries to push the thought from his mind. “Alright then, Bucky Barnes. I’ll see you tomorrow.” 

Now it’s Bucky’s turn to be the one ready to walk away only to be stopped by Steve calling out as well. 

“You should know that

friends call me Steve!” he yells. “Not your Highness!”

Bucky smiles again, and this time, it feels genuine, even if Steve is too far away to notice the difference. He’s also too far away to hear anything else that Bucky has to say, but Bucky still hums a response out under his breath regardless. 

he murmurs, trying the name out for size on his own end. It feels a lot more natural than

Bucky quite likes it. “Steve?” he repeats, with only the river rushing by as his witness. “

He shakes his head at himself and tries not to feel ridiculous, but this renewed sense of purpose has him feeling giddy enough to talk to himself. He allows himself one more statement made to Steve’s retreating figure, already halfway back up the hill leading to the castle walls. 

“I’ll see you tomorrow, pal.”

Oddly enough, the next time Bucky ends up seeing Steve isn’t the next morning, but rather that same night, not five hours after their agreement made down by the riverside. While Bucky has been back to his room and around what feels like every other inch of the castle trying to scrounge up supplies, Steve doesn’t look to have even changed his outfit. 

It’s almost midnight if Bucky’s internal clock is anything to go off of, but for some reason, Steve is still in his day clothes, the only change in his appearance from this afternoon being the fact that he’s now carrying a very large stack of books. 

Bucky was just about to go through the shelves to grab a couple of history books of his own, but upon catching sight of Steve rummaging through them instead stops in his tracks with a surprised puff of breath and a frown. Looks like the little prince is more than just an odd duck. He seems to be a night owl as well.  

Bucky knows that he’s always been somewhat nocturnal himself. Back before everything that happened with HYDRA and the war it was usual for him to

be caught spending almost every other night out on the down. Dancing, drinking, and partaking in the activities that more often than not occured in the darkness after were some of his favorite pastimes. Back in those days, Bucky Barnes was just as much about family as he was

Dugan and some of the other knights have invited him down to the tavern a couple of times since his decision to stay on with Queen Sarah, but Bucky has chosen to decline those offers. Politely, of course. It’s not that he doesn’t appreciate the opportunity or even that he doesn’t want to go… it’s more so that he just doesn’t think he’s

to yet, if he’s being honest. 

How can he be expected to put himself back out there in the world of normal people if he isn’t even caught up on everything that’s happened in it since he left? He might know plenty about magical objects that are waiting to be found and covert assassinations that occured (having carried more than half of them out himself), but that type of knowledge isn’t the same as knowing other stuff.

Hence his newfound affinity for history books. The educational volumes have been more helpful than anything, and although some of what heMs read has been inarguably boring, it’s good to have the choice to be bored again. It’s good to have choices again at all. 

However, Steve’s own choice in novels doesn’t look to have to do with anything historical. It’s hard to see all of the titles from this distance, but the sign hanging above Steve’s head is a pretty good indicator as to what genre of book he’s got his nose stuck into tonight. 

Magical Herbs, Objects, and Creatures.

Bucky should have known, or at least guessed right. So it looks like Steve is studying up for their quest tomorrow morning, huh? That’s sort of a goody two shoes move for a man who’s planning on sneaking out behind his mother’s back in the next ten hours. 

Bucky opens his mouth to make a remark along that same line, a reflex leftover from when teasing pretty boys was one of his other favorite pastimes, but right as he thinks better of being so loud in the

of all places, Steve looks up and catches sight of him, so startled by the sudden realization that he’s not alone that his own reflexes apparently sees fit to cause him to drop all of his books. 

His responding round of mumbled curses and self-deprecating groans make enough noise for Bucky to not feel the need to worry about holding his low chuckle back. Steve is so preoccupied with picking up his mess that he probably doesn’t even hear it, but he must hear Bucky’s footsteps coming closer with the way that he looks up at the same time Bucky begins his approach.  

His eyes don’t look any bluer in the flickering of red-hot flame coming from the lamp Bucky has in hand, but the way the light reflects out of them does make it look like they’re almost sparkling. His lashes are so long that the shadows of them arching across his face when he stands somehow remind Bucky of the war paint that he used to ride out for battle while wearing. 

That’s not a particularly pleasant memory. He blames that as to why his intended greeting to Steve comes out so gruff. “What are you still doing up?”

The shadows on Steve’s face shift when his expression does the same, the furrow between his brows looking even deeper thanks to the darkness surrounding them. “This

my castle,” he responds, a touch of confusion in his tone. “And I

in fact live here.” He’s giving James a look now, voice dulled down to match the deadpan attitude of what words come out of his mouth. “I’m allowed to be out when I want. It’s not like I have a bedtime.”

Bucky almost snorts at the sass. It could be that Steve is just tired, but Bucky is pretty sure he’s probably just like this all the time. “Well, you did say you aren't allowed to eat outside earlier,” he shoots back. “So I wasn’t sure what other rules you might have.” He makes sure to keep the retort good natured, and based off of the way Steve scoffs and turns his head, it words. 

He’s giving the shelves a side eye, but also a smile that Bucky barely catches in the dim glow of his candle. “As the prince, I’m pretty sure

what you’re doing in the library this late at night.”

It’s clear that his barbs are meant to be good natured as well, but Bucky still has to pause before he can come up with an answer. Navigating his way through the aftermath of what HYDRA forced him to do has made the explanations for almost everything he does more complicated than one would normally assume. 

The truth is, he’s in the library this late at night because it’s one of the only times available that he can do his research without having to worry about anyone else being around while he works, and the reason that he has to worry so much about that? Well, he isn’t exactly too keen on explaining that out loud. Talk about a conversation killer. 

He settles on going with a simpler explanation that’s more a lie of omission than it is a manipulation of truth. He doubts Steve would care to know the true details of it all anyways. “I was coming to get a book. To help me sleep, and all.” 

It’s true that he needs all the help he can get with that nowadays. The nightmares haven’t made getting rest an easy thing for him to accomplish. He’s not sure what’s worse; waking up from a nightmare or avoiding them long enough to fall asleep. 

Steve blurts out the question so fast that Bucky would almost miss it if not for the sheer incredulity it elicits. Listen, he knows he looks a bit burlier now than he did before the war, but there’s no way he looks

, unless- “You’re not serious.” 

He can’t be. Bucky refuses to believe that Steve is spoiled enough to think that someone growing up in a different kingdom as a commoner means that they can’t read. 

Steve seems embarrassed at the callout, so this must be another misunderstanding. Sure enough- “I meant that I didn’t

you could read.” When Bucky only continues staring at him with a dumbfounded expression, Steve groans again and knocks himself in the forehead with the heel of his hand before making another correction to the statement. “What I meant was that I didn’t know you

Ah. There’s finally a sentiment that makes sense. Took Steve long enough to get it out, though. For a prince, he sure isn’t as poised at speaking as Bucky would have expected, but what’s the saying about assumptions? They make an ass out of me and you?

Bucky sure is feeling like an ass right now. Caught roaming around in the dark of the royal library, making the prince stumble over himself and finding it a little too funny to admit to out loud. 

He holds back the laugh he’s tempted to let out and instead lowers his lantern to rest on the nearby table where Steve has already placed his books. “I like reading plenty,” he says quietly. “I guess we just don’t know each other that well.”

No matter how snarky Steve wants to act, he can’t argue with that. It’s true, after all. They may have technically met a few weeks ago, but up until this afternoon, they didn’t even know each other’s true names. 

Up until this afternoon, the only name Bucky has been going by around the castle is James, though, so out of everyone he’s met so far, he and Steve are in some ways the closest. Bucky had told him that his friends don’t call him James, so is that what they are now?

Steve had said the same about his own name, come to think of it. 

They don’t feel like friends yet, but maybe, after this quest- maybe if Bucky starts feeling like a worthy person to associate with again… Maybe

are what they can become.

In the spirit of that, Bucky clears his throat and nods to Steve’s own selection of books. “How about you?” Steve tilts his head in confusion, and Bucky smiles the slightest amount. “Did you pick out some bedtime stories for yourself, or are you just trying to study up for tomorrow?”

Steve huffs and drops his chin down, the blonde of his hair catching the candlelight rather than casting shadows. “Both, I suppose.” He shrugs and skims his fingers along the edges of the spine of the novel that’s closest to him on the table. “Just trying to make sure I’m prepared. I don’t wanna leave home and have it all be for nothing, you know?”

Bucky nods, his words coming out a touch too honest. “I know.” No amount of research could have prepared him for what HYDRA had in store, but hopefully with him around, Steve won't ever have to deal with anything of that sort. 

“And I just finished writing my mother that letter I mentioned earlier, so I guess I’m just feeling a little… restless? I don’t know.” Steve exhales hard, thankfully not in the direction of the lantern. “I’ve never really done something like this to her before.”

he must mean. Not about something this large, at least. 

Bucky isn’t sure what he’s supposed to say in response to all

The old Bucky probably could have handled this better, with all the well worn instincts of being a big brother and whatnot, but this one? He isn’t used to people being so open to him anymore. He definitely isn’t used to opening up himself. 

But Steve looks so uncertain of himself, even though he’s making a clear attempt to mask it that Bucky can’t not say anything at all. If he’s going to travel with this man, they’ll have to build up a certain amount of trust. This feels like as good of a starting point as any. 

“It’s alright,” he says softly, mostly because it’s the only thing that comes to mind. But he isn’t lying. “No matter what happens after you leave, she’ll be happy to have you come home. Anger doesn’t outweigh love

It’s only once he hears himself say that aloud that he realizes the borderline hypocrisy of the statement and the fact that he’s making it as if he has any experience in coming back home to his own mother. He doesn’t, which is sort of his problem.. 

Steve doesn’t know that, though, nor does he seem like he would care to find out. He exhales heavily again, but also nods his head and begins collecting his books back into his arms. The reassurance must have worked to some extent, because he sounds much surer of himself with what he murmurs next. 

“Thank you, Bucky.” He has his stack hugged back to his chest now, chin propping over the covers the same way he had done with his knee down by the water. “I should probably get back to my chambers now.” He taps his fingers on one of the spines he has sticking out from his sternum l. “But I might take some of these with me tomorrow, if that’s okay.”

Bucky shrugs a shoulder and picks his lantern back up. “It’s your pack the weight’ll be carried in, not mine. Feel free to bring whatever you want.” He’s truly only acting like he could care less because he knows that he’s already made sure to pack whatever else they need in his own bag, but he does have to add, “As long as you make sure to pack me some of those scones you mentioned down at the river.“

Snorting, Steve steps to the side, but gives Bucky one last smile before moving to step forward. “Wouldn’t want to forget to bring those with me.”

Bucky smiles back and leans an elbow against the shelves. “A prince should always keep his promises to his subjects. Think of it as practice for the future.” 

That’s meant to be a good natured line about Steve’s unspoken destiny as king that sits between them, but based off of Steve’s lack of laughter, it may have been a lousy one. He’s just about to apologize when Steve sighs and lets his smile shift towards something a little more tired. 

“Just to show you I’m a man of my word, I’ll make sure to bring you some muffins tomorrow too.” He frees up a hand and uses it to give Bucky a tiny wave before Bucky can come up with a response. “But there won’t be any breakfast if we don’t make it to bed first. I’ll see you after we both get some sleep, James.”

And then he’s walking away, so fast that he’s almost reached the doorway by the time Bucky finally remembers how to move his mouth. “Bucky,” he calls, hoping the familiarity will help break through the sudden coldness Steve has thrown up. “Not James, remember? Bucky.”

Steve stops and then turns, same as he had down by the river when Bucky first made the clarification about his name. His smile still looks tired, but the corners of his mouth are a little more turned up than before. “Goodnight, Bucky,” he eventually murmurs. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”

“Night, Steve. I’ll see you at sunrise.” 

It’s a relief to end the exchange normally- or as normally as things can get, seeing how new this companionship of theirs is. Technically it hasn’t even started, but in a few hours, that’ll no longer be the case. 

They’ll be on their way- on their

, with Steve to find his magical object and Bucky on his way to feeling like he’s earned his honor back. They’re both seeking different things, but when it comes down to it, both intentions have the same result.

As Bucky’s Ma always taught him, that’s one of the most important philosophies for a person to live by, right up there by honor, duty, and love for friends and family. Bucky doesn’t have access to most of those things anymore, so getting what ones he can back is important. 

There’s a lot at stake here. Steve’s safety, Bucky’s sanity, probably both of their faiths. But now that he’s able to again, all Bucky knows to do now is look to the future. Another lesson from his parents. 

He closes his eyes for a brief moment and takes the time to steady his breathing, to remind himself that here is this castle, he’s allowed to take up space. He has the choice to stay in here and pick up a book as he intended to upon entry, or he can go back to his chambers as Steve had done and try to get some sleep. He’ll need all that he can get with what’s to come tomorrow. 

He makes his decision fairly fast, but before he can follow through on it, there’s one last thing he wants to do first. Keeping his lantern in hand, he heads from where he’s leaning to instead stand in front of a different shelf. He’s got a specific selection of reading material for tonight. 

Maybe a compilation of fairy tales and legends isn’t what would come to mind for a grown man to want to look through before sleep, but with what objects they’re leaving the castle tomorrow in order to seek, Bucky thinks he has a fair reason for wanting to read this particular book.

Besides, he thinks, smiling down at the cover he sees when pulling the volume off of its shelf. Some of these tales are the same ones he used to read the girls growing up. Nostalgia is a healthy part of healing, right? 

Right. Now all he has left to do for tonight is try and figure out what damn page the Serum of Rebirth’s story starts on. He licks his thumb and balances the book in one hand as he slowly makes his way towards the library’s exiting doors. 

Steve had the right idea, reading in his room. Maybe Bucky should have asked to join him, but probably not. Putting stock in magic is one thing, but mixing it with romance? He doesn’t want to ruin their chance at a happy ending if they can only succeed at one aspect. 

Not like a prince would have any business being caught with an assassin in his bed, anyways. Bucky has hope, but not

They’re on a strict schedule for adventure here, and it all begins tomorrow. 

With how late Steve had gone to bed the night before, it would make the most sense for him to wake up tired, but that’s not what happens this morning. 

To tell the truth, he’s lucky to have fallen asleep at all. The way his nerves have been stirred up by all this quest business haven’t exactly made it easy to feel settled, even when he’s tucked up in his bed with his eyes closed and all the candles blown out. 

He had what he’d told Bucky he was going to and tried to use his books to help him sleep, but not even staring at such small letters on the pages of his most boring selection in reading material had helped, not with how fixated his mind was on the

letter he had preoccupied with himself earlier. 

He had written that one rather than just read it, but skimming over the paper once he was done filling it up is admittedly what had gotten him so agitated. Putting thought into writing the letter had been hard enough, but looking at it after was somehow even harder, because every paragraph and every inkblot made in between thanks to his hesitation was a stark physical reminder that he was probably about to break his mother’s heart. 

Well, that may be an exaggeration. She’s a reasonable woman even when she’s ready to give him the what for, and Steve had been telling the truth when he promised Bucky she wouldn’t go as far as to send a search party out after them both. 

But that doesn’t mean she won’t be mad. There’s no way she won’t be hurt, because throughout the two plus decades Steve has been alive, he has never once lied to her about something this big. Like all little boys and teenagers, he had told her a few white lies and fibs growing up, but with how close they were-

he’s never made the habit of lying to her about the important stuff. 

She’s his Ma. The only other living family he has left. The woman who raised him. His role model. How could he not feel guilty for deceiving her like this?

This quest is supposed to be all about making him a deserving prince and a better leader, but Steve doesn’t feel very deserving of anything good when he slips out of his room this morning. He’s able to reassure himself a bit with the reminder that this will all be worth it in the end and that he’s heading out on this quest with good intentions, but catching sight of the letter addressed to his mother sitting on top of his pillow when he turns to shut the door puts him right back where he’d started. 

He drops his eyes and shoulders his pack up to get a better grip on the strap. It’s a little heavier than he had expected it to be before he put his books inside, but that’s not the only thing weighing on Steve’s body or his mind when he finally starts his silent trek down to the stables. 

It’s not easy to ignore the bad feeling crawling up his spine (which for once

health related). The reality setting in that Steve is about to leave his Ma behind doesn’t make him feel the best, but really he knows that he would feel even worse if he ended up letting her down by failing to be a good king in the future. 

It’s not just his father’s legacy that Steve worries about living up to, it’s his mother’s as well. Joseph may have had royal blood from both sides of the family and tales of his triumphs on the battlefield, but Sarah never needed any of that to be a worthy queen. She just is one, and in part Steve knows that her level headedness comes from her being such a good person, but also… 

Almost half of her life had been spent living outside the castle, out in the real world, among the subjects that Steve has done absolutely nothing to deserve. His birthright has decreed that he’s to rule over them one day, but he’s not Sarah. She has an understanding of these things that Steve won’t ever get if he remains trapped behind these castle gates. 

This place, as pretty and posh as it is, can feel like a prison- and if it were one, Steve’s sentence would be one that’s lifelong. He knows his Ma only keeps him sheltered because of how sickly he was and the way that his father had left them, but if he’s to be as good of a king as him, how can Steve

This isn’t even solely about finding the Serum. It’s about broadening his horizons, giving his life the experience that it’s lacked outside of his status so far. If Sarah survived out there for so long, Steve can last a few days, can’t he? Even if he doesn’t have the experience that she does, he has Bucky.

Bucky, who has in a lot of ways even more experience of his own. Having most likely grown up a commoner even before HYDRA took him prisoner, he has more experience with the world than Steve could ever hope to- not that he

to be exposed to most of the things Bucky had gone through. Some parts of the world he’s seen have no doubt been those that hide in the shadows, but Steve doesn’t think that it’s his place to ask about what Bucky had seen inside. 

He seems to be the silent and stoic type. That second quality might actually be a good thing if Steve ever gets around to asking him for tips on how to win in a real world fight. As his trip out onto the battlefield had shown them both, Steve’s not the most coordinated with a shield or a sword just yet, but he can be taught if Bucky is willing to give him a few lessons. With that being said, that second quality might be helpful, but that first one is probably going to make it awkward to ask. 

Though if Steve got through asking him to accompany him on this quest yesterday, how hard can it be to ask him for some tips with a sword? They’re quest partners. Being sparring partners as well wouldn’t be too much of a stretch, or at least that’s what Steve tells himself when he finally comes to the end of his path. The stables are straight up ahead, and if the glow coming from behind the doors is anything to go off of, Steve can only assume that Bucky is already inside with their horses. 

The sun has barely begun peeking up over the hills yet, so Steve can’t be too late, but he does still frown a bit at being the second to arrive. Maybe it’s just the royal etiquette speaking, but he hates the thought of keeping anyone waiting. Ah, well. Only way to fix that is to head inside. 

He does so with a deep breath and a hand reaching down to check that the contents of the satchel he has hanging down at his side are secure. He promised Bucky breakfast, after all. Even if he’s kept him waiting, at least he’s come late with food.

He’s not sure Bucky actually cares about the scones and muffins that much, but the mention of them is still the first thing to tumble out of Steve’s mouth when he cracks the door to the stable open and then shuts it behind him. “Do you want blueberry or fig?”

Bucky doesn’t startle at the sudden appearance or sound of Steve’s voice, so he must have heard him coming, but he still blinks and looks at him from over the back of the horse he’s still busy saddling up. “What?”

Steve sheepishly holds his satchel up and flips the cover over to reveal the selection of baked goods inside. “I have blueberry or fig,” he says a second time, stepping closer and using his hand not on the satchel to briefly pat one of the horses on the flank so it knows he’s walking behind. “The muffins are all blueberry too, but some of the scones are fig. They have honey in them, so they still taste pretty sweet, I think.”

Bucky snorts at the same time one of the horses does, though his nostrils move much less. “You think?” He sounds almost amused. 

Steve has to jump at the chance of making this less awkward. He smiles and tilts his head. “Well, I may have had a taste before I came down. A good prince leads by example, and all.”

Joking about his status with a stranger isn’t a move Steve would usually make, but he would rather do it himself than have to deal with the awkwardness of how he acted after Bucky said something similar last night. Bucky takes the joke in stride. He also takes one of the scones- one of the fig ones, as Steve notes smugly. He takes one of them too, biting into it as Bucky swallows. 

“You’re right,” he says, tongue flicking out briefly to get rid of the crumbs stuck in his beard at the corner of his mouth.  “Very sweet.” He’s looking directly at Steve when he says that, and though there’s no real specification that he means that for anything other than the scone, Steve’s face still heats up. 

He might barely know Bucky, but it’s not hard to notice that he’s a very good looking man. Yesterday down at the river had given Steve a pretty good eyeful of just how

he is all over. He can’t be much older than Steve, maybe two years at most, but his face has a rugged handsomeness to it that Steve almost wishes he could draw. 

He’s always looking for more models to practice sketching hands and hair for. Bucky’s hair is currently tied into a knot at the base of his neck, but Steve can tell that it would look nice brushed out. Steve used to have servants who offered to do that to his own hair every night before bed, but he always felt a little bad about them taking care of such a mundane task, which is part of the reason he chooses to keep his hair short now. 

He and Bucky are almost the exact opposite of each other in some physical ways. They’re similar sizes with almost the same amount of muscle, though Steve thinks he might be a little taller and Bucky’s shoulders and waist a little wider. ButBucky’s hair is dark where Steve’s is light, and his face covered in a layer of it where Steve has kept his own cheeks clear. They both have blue eyes, but Bucky’s are more grey than Steve’s are, even in the lantern light. 

Blue, grey, or whatever other color eyes can be, Steve has to drop his own so that Bucky doesn’t catch sight of him staring at his features. He doesn’t want to make him uncomfortable. He’d done enough of that by sneaking up on him in the river yesterday.

The memory of Bucky wading out of the water doesn’t make it any easier for Steve when he tries to speak. He clears his throat and scrubs a hand over his face under the guise of making sure he doesn’t have any crumbs of his own. “Are these boots up to your standard?” he asks. Conveniently, his eyes are already fixed down by his shoes. 

Bucky’s going down towards them too. He hums, and Steve is almost afraid he doesn’t remember making the recommendation that he wear a better pair yesterday, but he does in the end. “They’ll do,” is all he says. Steve’ll take it, just as Bucky reaches to take his pack a moment later. “Do you have a preference?”

Steve blinks at him, confused. That question means only one thing to him when asked so out of the blue, but he doubts Bucky cares about what type of person he’d like to go to bed with right now. “Preference?” he asks, even as he’s handing his bag over. 

“In the horses.” Bucky sounds amused again. “I gotta know which one you want before I tie our shit to the saddles.”

That makes a lot more sense than what Steve was thinking. “Ah.” 

He does his best to refrain from turning red, but still turns while examining his options in steed in an attempt to hide his face from Bucky’s sight for a few seconds anyways. It looks like Sam picked out these horses with a clear thought of choice in mind, because anyone who works with animals around the castle knows that Lucky is the horse he usually rides. He doesn’t decide to switch that up this time. 

“I’ll take Lucky.” He strokes down the neck of the horse on the left to make his selection clear. “You can take Evergreen.”

Bucky shakes his head as he begins attaching Steve’s pack to the back of his saddle, Steve taking the chance to put his satchel in the saddlebags that are already set up. “You match your horse to your hair on purpose, or was that an accident?” He’s clearly referencing the gold color of Lucky’s coat and how it unintentionally corresponds to Steve’s own blonde locks. 

Steve has been riding Lucky since he was in his late teens, so he’s heard the joke more than once, but for Bucky’s benefit, he laughs nonetheless. “Call it a happy accident.”

Bucky just grunts and turns to start situating his own saddle and pack, rubbing over Evergreen’s nose as he passes to her other side. She’s not the most mild tempered horse, but she seems to like him well enough. Steve takes that as a good sign even as Bucky remarks something geared towards the opposite. “Hopefully we’ll be able to avoid any other kinds of

After what Bucky’s been through, he has every right to be a pessimist, but Steve on the other hand is trying to be

Bucky isn’t working wonders for that right now, but it’s before sunrise, so Steve will cut him some slack by writing it off as morning grumpiness. At least they’re talking now. 

“All we have to do is get to Erskine’s lab,” he eventually answers. “We’ll see what we find inside and then… go from there, I guess.” It doesn’t sound like much of a quest, but it’s what they’ve got to go off of so far. Hopefully Steve’s research will help take them further. 

Bucky is back between the horses now, standing close enough to look Steve in the eye with a raised eyebrow and a slight smile. “Sounds like a plan.” Steve doesn’t have time to decipher if that statement contains any sarcasm before Bucky is continuing on to make another. “Shall we?” 

He gestures towards Steve’s saddle and lifts a leg to fit his foot in one of his own stirrups, a clear signal that it’s time for them to head out. Steve nods and follows suit, trying to keep his facial expression steady while at the same time feeling like his fear is raising through the roof of the stables and so high up it may as well surpass the sky. 

He’s not afraid of getting on the damn horse, that’s for sure. He’s afraid of where Lucky is about to take him. This isn’t just going to be an afternoon of supervised riding through the countryside. As far as his fear extends, the trip they’re about to embark on is going to take him even further. 

Not just outside the castle gate and grounds or anywhere else strictly physical. This journey is going to take him to the Serum, but more than that, it’s going to lead him into his future. This is the day he’s been dreaming of since he was young enough to feel undeserving of the life he’s led up until now.

This is the day where he finally

something about that other than run headfirst into a battle that he had no business in trying to fight. 

The man who he had inadvertently saved as a result is looking at him expectantly from where he’s already sitting high up in his saddle, waiting for Steve to join him at the level. With one last steadying exhale, Steve does. 

Lucky shifts on his hooves while Steve is situating himself and Steve has to wonder if the animal can feel his nerves. Hopefully Bucky can’t hear them in his voice when he licks his lips in an attempt to rid himself of a suddenly dry mouth and tells him, “I’m ready whenever you are.”

Bucky tightens his reins in his hand and uses the slack of them to turn Evergreen’s head towards the open door of the stables facing the opposite end of where Steve had come in. “Alright, pal,” he says. “Let’s go.” 

Steve isn’t sure if that nickname is meant to try and lighten his mood a bit, but it makes his shoulders relax a little regardless, so he appreciates the effort. He appreciates it so much that he makes his own effort to toss his own vague nickname back. “Lead the way.”

Bucky is clicking his tongue to spur Evergreen towards a trot, but before he passes by, Steve thinks he sees a small smile on the other man’s face. He hopes he does. The friendlier they get, the less awkward this experience will be along the way. 

Steve doesn’t have many friends (other than Sam, anyways) but if part of his future pushes him towards getting more, he thinks he’d like Bucky to be one of them. 

Steve really does mean it about wanting to be Bucky’s friend, but as their ride starts out, he has to admit that he’s feeling a little discouraged about the idea. 

He wants to be Bucky’s friend not just because he’s attractive, but because underneath that silent and stoic exterior, Bucky seems like a pretty decent guy. If they’re friends, maybe he’ll actually let Steve see even more of what he’s like on the inside. Maybe he’ll let Steve get to know him. 

Unfortunately for Steve’s hope for friendship, it turns out that he was right in thinking that the first quality in the whole

shtick was going to make it awkward in trying to ask questions. More than that, it’s making it awkward to talk to him while they’re riding at all. 

It’s only been about thirty minutes since they rode out of the stable, so they aren’t too far into the forest yet. They’re still on the dirt paths that Steve normally takes his rides on, so he doesn’t mind the silence too much up until the time they get off of it and take a turn that he hasn’t ever been on before. 

By that time, it’s been almost an hour, and the two of them still haven’t exchanged a word since they left. Steve can’t take it. Right now, it feels like Bucky is just another one of the damn babysitters that Sarah won’t ever admit to assigning him. It isn’t supposed to be like this. Even if they aren’t that great of friends just yet, Bucky isn’t Steve’s handler, he’s his

They should be able to have a conversation, but it looks like in order for that to happen, Steve is going to have to make the first move. It takes him another fifteen minutes of silence before he finally reaches a breaking point, but eventually, he opens his mouth and lets the first thing he can think of come tumbling out. 

“Did you find the book you were looking for last night?” They’ve slowed from their original gallop to another trot, so when Bucky turns his head he only has to do it far enough to glance where Steve is riding directly by his side. He hasn’t responded, so Steve tries again. “The library has a pretty great selection. We’ve been building it up for a long time.” 

Since before Steve was even born, but that should go without saying. He comes from at least half of a long line that lived within those castle walls. 

When Bucky does finally answer, he’s the one who brings Steve’s bloodline up. “So everyone in the royal family loves books? Not just you?” 

It’s a genuinely curious question, so Steve doesn’t take offense. He did ask Bucky if he could read at

last night, so even if the question were rude, it’s a fair one. 

“Well, my mother is a little too busy these days to bother with books much, but she used to read more when I was younger.

me, I mean. I think she’s where I got it from.” He swallows and shifts in his saddle, careful not to squeeze his legs in enough for Lucky to think he wants to go faster. “I don’t remember much about my father, but he was good at everything else, so I don’t think reading would be much of a stretch.”

Bucky hums at the offered information but makes no move to offer up any of his own. Steve respects that implied boundary, but… well, Bucky hasn’t said anything about it out loud yet, so what could it hurt to ask another question? Bucky is yet to have answered the first one. It looks like if Steve wants to see what this guy’s like on the inside, he’s gonna have to dig deep.

“What book were you looking for?” he presses on, trying to conceal just how curious he is by looking straight ahead while he asks. “Or what kind, if it wasn’t a specific one.” 

He doesn’t know what kind of books Bucky likes, but he had been heading towards what looked like either the History or Science section of the shelves last night, a pretty stark contrast to the Fantasy and Magic genre of novel Steve had been carrying out himself. 

Bucky only gives him a partial answer, but it’s enough for Steve to find he was right in at least one of his guesses. “One of the other knights told me about a volume of history encyclopedias your library had about some of the surrounding kingdoms that I thought might be interesting to read.” Steve sneaks a look over at him only to find his jaw tightening and his posture gone suddenly straight. “I suppose I’m really just trying to do some catching up on what everyone else got up to while I was… busy.”

The standoffishness makes sense, as Steve realizes when he puts it into context of why Bucky has to catch up on so much history to begin with. He was busy. That’s true. He just doesn’t want to talk about what he was busy being made to do. 

In some ways, Bucky is also experiencing the world with freedom for the first time, maybe not in his life, but at least within the last decade. Maybe more, maybe less. Steve doesn’t know or care to ask for an exact timeline of Bucky’s immediate past when he knows the darkness that it surely holds. 

The sight of that mask hitting the ground and Bucky’s face falling as soon as it was off isn’t one that has been easy to forget. It’s haunting, seeing that type of magic used on a man, and Steve wasn't even the man it was used on. He can only imagine how Bucky feels on the receiving end of it. 

He tries to salvage the situation by shifting the focus on the subject to something other than Bucky’s complicated choice in reading material. “If you ever want to look at other genres, I have some suggestions I could make. They’re not all history, but…” He shrugs and looks ahead again. “I think they’re interesting. I can show you some titles when we get back to the castle.”

That gets Bucky to relax a little, which is the reaction Steve had been going for. With how broad Bucky’s shoulders are, it’s impossible for them to slump completely, but he does slouch down a bit in his saddle. “That’s very kind of you.”

Steve shrugs a second time, his own shoulders shifting with more than just the momentum of Lucky’s trot as he accepts the compliment. He doesn’t get many of those that feel genuine. “I also have a personal collection up in my chambers, but most of those are books I saved from when I was a child, so I doubt you would care for those.”

That statement is meant to be a joke, and Bucky does let out a low chuckle, but he also gives Steve another sideways glance. “And here I thought I was about to be invited to the room of royalty,” he says drily. 

It was made clear to Steve even yesterday that Bucky has a sort of cynical sense of humor underneath his gruff exterior, but the sort of teasing sarcasm he has a tendency to use always comes when Steve leasts expects it. It makes it a lot harder to keep his face from turning red at the thought of having Bucky or any other man in his room for the reason Bucky is implying. 

“I liked to read even more as a kid,” he admits after a moment, not changing the subject so much as changing the topic of it to avoid feeling like he wants to combust over Bucky’s remark. “I was sick a lot back then and had to stay in bed while I got better, so there wasn’t much else I could do when I wasn’t able to move around. Stories kept me entertained. Helped me get out of my head.”

Bucky is looking at him now the way that most people do when they hear about his former sickliness. Steve gets it. He still has his issues, but he knows he doesn’t look like it anymore. Bucky must realize that, though, because his expression turns from surprised to understanding much quicker than others’ usually do. 

“Books are an escape,” he eventually says, looking so thoughtful that Steve can tell his mind is on something more complex than just childhood fairytales. “Whether you grow up in the countryside or a castle.”

Based off of his tone, he’s definitely drawing a comparison between Steve’s childhood and his own. It’s the first real clue Steve has gotten about the way he grew up, and it isn’t the most detailed bit of information, but it is

It’s more than Steve had before. 

Steve learned to love reading as a child. Maybe, after a while, he can learn how to get Bucky to open up too. They have a long ride ahead of them, after all, even if they’ll have to stop somewhere to sleep once nightfall comes. That might be the opportunity Steve has been waiting for to ask Bucky about giving him some tips on how to use a sword when fighting someone outside in the real world as opposed to in the castle courtyard. 

Bucky definitely brought a sword with him if the scabbard attached to his belt is anything to go off of. Steve is just about to curse himself for not thinking to bring his own when he looks down and is surprised to see that he has his own scabbard attached to the side of his saddle. Bucky must have put it there without him noticing when he tied on his pack.

He thought to bring Steve a weapon? He

him with a weapon of his own? That’s a first. It feels flattering in a way, even if Steve knows Bucky likely wasn’t thinking about that when he made the decision. He was probably just thinking about bringing a second pair of hands in were they in a situation where defending themselves was a necessary action, but the thought of being included in that defense is flattering to Steve as well.

It means Bucky thinks that he’s capable of helping out, despite the way that they met during that battle where Steve’s clumsiness was on full display. That trust (as inconsequential as it is) is really what makes Steve want to ask for those tips. If Bucky trusts him, Steve doesn’t want to let him down. 

And he won’t. He refuses. That trademark Rogers’ stubbornness isn’t unfounded. He’ll have to wait until tonight to ask, but once they stop, he’s going to do it. This is part of those real life experiences he wants to have while on his quest, and if he wants to learn this lesson, who better to teach him than his companion?

While Steve is still trying to form yet another plan revolving around asking Bucky a question, Bucky gently nudges Evergreen in the side with the heel of his boot and towards taking off into a gallop now that they’ve hit an open stretch of land.

Looks like more talking will have to wait until later as well. Steve can deal with that. He follows Bucky’s lead, urging Lucky to go faster with a flick of reins as well as a verbal encouragement that comes a moment later. 

“C’mon, buddy,” he murmurs, right as Lucky begins picking his hooves up into a gait that quickly transitions into a gallop to match Evergreen’s own picked up pace. “We’ve got our longest ride together yet ahead of us.”

Steve had been telling the truth when he told Bucky that the journey to Erskine’s lab (according to his research, at least) would be able to be completed before the end of the week were they to leave today. Overall, it should only take about three days of riding, and seeing as they left on a Tuesday, he should be able to hold up that end of the bargain. 

Though to be honest, he’s a bit relieved when Bucky decides to cut their first day of traveling a little shorter than Steve would have expected. It’s nearing nightfall by the time he turns his head and makes the suggestion, but it’s not going to be dark for at least two more hours. 

Bucky doesn’t seem to care, and whether that’s because he’s tired of riding himself or wants to cut Steve some slack because he hasn’t ever ridden for this long in one day before- Steve doesn’t care either. His ass is too sore from the saddle for all that nonsense. 

They’ve stopped to let the horses drink from a nearby stream, Steve trying to shift inconspicuously in his seat so he can resituate himself in a less painful position when Bucky takes the opportunity to ask, “Would you like to stop for some supper and decent rest sometime soon?”

Steve freezes where he’s just pushed up on the arches of his feet in his stirrups to temporarily alleviate the pressure on his backside, wondering if Bucky is only asking because he saw the signs of his discomfort. “We don’t have to,” he says, even as everything in him wants to say

immediately. “But if you want to, I am kind of hungry.”

Not to mention tired, tense, and probably a little bit sunburned after so many hours riding through fields and forests and on the road. The scones from his satchel can only go so far, and they’ve long since gone stale with how Steve had taken them from the kitchen last night on his way back from the library to his chambers. 

That definitely didn't stop them both from eating at least two more of each respective flavor, not to mention polishing off most of the muffins, but that hadn’t been much of a lunch, and even if it was, lunchtime happened several hours ago. With how low the sun has moved throughout its arch over their heads, it’s got to be close to supper. The thought of a heartier meal is what pushes Steve towards making his own suggestion. This is part of being helpful, isn’t it?

“According to the map I looked at last, there should be a town a few miles up ahead. We could stop there for a drink, at least.” Even he can hear the way his voice turns hopeful with what he says next. “I’ll bet there's an inn somewhere near the tavern.”

Steve has never actually been

a tavern on his own, but he decides to leave that part out. It’s not like he’s never drank or dined among other men before- he just hasn’t done it outside of the castle. With his mother no longer so close by, maybe he can even drink enough this time to get a little rowdy the way some of the knights have at the particularly celebratory banquets. 

They’re on a quest, but if they’re stopping for tonight… they can still have a good time, right? Sleeping in an inn isn’t the most treacherous way to travel, but they’ll have other days to end at other places. Steve thinks they can afford not to rough it

“Sounds like a plan.” Bucky’s repetition of the phrase he’d used back in the table sounds much less sarcastic now that the promise of hot food and a (hopefully) comfortable bed is on the table. “You and Lucky ready to get moving, your Highness?”

Steve huffs and lifts his head up from where he was watching Lucky blow out excess water from his nostrils, already making another

to remind Bucky that he doesn’t have to refer to him by that title. But, as he both hears and sees when they make eye contact, Bucky is smiling and letting out a huff of his own. 

Ah. There's that sarcasm. “Don’t worry about us, Sir Barnes,” he retorts, tightening his reins and copying Bucky’s earlier move of spurring his steed into a sudden takeoff. “Just make sure that you and Evergreen can keep up, alright, pal?”

Lucky’s hooves are kicking up dust before Steve can get the best look at whether or not Bucky laughs at that too, but he’s hopeful. No matter how funny or not Bucky found the remark, based off of the sound thundering up from behind, he and Evergreen have definitely risen up to the challenge of remaining right on Lucky’s tail. 

Looks like Steve can add the descriptor

to the list of traits he’s been picking up off of Bucky as the day has gone by. Silent and stoic being the first two, of course, but now also

, and now to round it all out,

If that first trait had made Steve correct in guessing that trying to keep up a conversation with him would be awkward, he can only imagine what the latest addition to the list will mean if they ever get around to that sword practice and sparring Steve had in mind. He’ll be a formidable partner, but no doubt a fulfilling one as well. 

Skill-wise, Steve means. And only in situations that occur

of whatever rooms he’ll end up funding for the night. As a royal, he has more than enough money to pay for two, so he has absolutely no excuse to arrange their accommodations otherwise, but still. 

Watching the way the fallen down strands of Bucky’s hair blow back in the wind when Evergreen succeeds in passing Lucky by does make it tempting for Steve to daydream, or maybe Steve just has a generally flexible mind. 

It’s fast moving enough for him to manage to shake those thoughts off and bring his own strong sense of competition to the surface. The Rogers’ family has more qualities to it than just stubbornness handed down through the generations, and as Sarah Rogers’ son just as much as Joseph’s, Steve is about to give Bucky a taste of just how much competition he can show him. 

“First one to town buys the first round of drinks!”

The inn that they end up choosing to stay the night at turns out to have a tavern attached to the street facing entrance. It isn’t much of a street, nor is it much of a tavern, but as it’s been almost a decade since Bucky has been able to set foot on either, he keeps the observation to himself. 

As a prince, Steve should be the one having more of a problem with the place, but when he had come back from paying the fare for both of their rooms (an offer Bucky was in no place to decline), the bright smile on his face had suggested otherwise. In fact, he seems to think that the owner has given him a deal. 

He’s still filling in Bucky on all the details of it when they begin heading towards Bucky’s pointed out table in the back corner of the tavern, so busy bragging to Bucky about the arrangement made to keep their horses in the stable across the road that he almost trips over his own feet and sends his meal flying not two minutes after being handed the plate. 

Bucky is surprisingly the only one that curses, hissing out a “

Steve” so quiet that Steve doesn’t even seem to have heard it. He just shakes the near mishap off and goes on like it hadn’t even happened. Bucky might believe the acting job if Steve weren’t such a shitty liar and the tips of his ears so prone to turning red. 

No wonder he left his mother a note. There’s no way he would have been able to lie to her with a straight face. But, if Steve and Sarah are as close as Bucky has gotten the impression, he can understand that. Family has a way of forcing the truth out sometimes, usually without even having to try. 

Bucky and his own Ma were close, but

the truth— Becca was the one he really had trouble lying to the most out of them all. They were the closest in age, and while Bucky was the only boy and oldest overall, as the eldest

, Becca understood him on a level that none of the others could. 

He misses her. He misses them all, but thinking about her tonight is enough for his throat to feel tight when he tries to swallow his first bite of the food Steve had also been so gracious to cover. It’s nothing too special selection wise, some kind of light meat with a roasted outside that’s being served with some potatoes and stew on the side, along with two nearly full tankards of cider. 

Bucky’s not really sure of whether or not they’re supposed to be keeping track of favors anymore, but if they're comparing the meals that they’ve shared so far, Steve’s is definitely coming out on top. Bucky’s bread and cheese are nothing in comparison to the content that comes from the stomach that their supper tonight is providing. 

They’ll be lucky if they get to eat like this on many other nights during this quest. Bucky makes a mental note to take a page out of Steve’s book and bring them some breakfast along for tomorrow morning’s ride. The kitchen here should have something Bucky could barter for. 

He’s not sure how good he’ll be at charming people after so long keeping the skill on ice, but he figured a semi-handsome face and just being

should be enough to snag them some fruit at the bare minimum. 

If the cider they’re currently sipping on is anything to go off of, this place should have plenty of apples rolling around. Bucky swallows down a large gulp of it now, wiping the remnants from the rim off of his upper lip with the back of his hand before looking across the table at his quietly dining companion. Steve’s manners are definitely a little out of place for an establishment like this— and by that, Bucky means they’re a little too perfect. Totally refined. Steve is sitting up almost completely straight with his silverware, as unpolished and dull as it is, poised  carefully between his fingers. Bucky suspects that if he looked beneath the table, he’d likely even find a napkin draped over his lap. Among the others that make up the crowd inside this tiny tavern, Steve sticks out like a sore thumb. It’s probably a good thing that he’s the one with his back to the room, because if he weren’t, Bucky knows that anyone with a brain would easily peg Steve as someone who comes from money even with the plain cloak and shirt he’d worn today per Bucky’s instructions. 

Bucky had had the unhelpful thought back at the stable that Steve looks just as cute as a commoner as he does a prince, but that would be just as unhelpful of an observation to make here, so he pushes it away and instead pulls himself closer to the table so that Steve is the only one who hears what he says next. 

“We’re not at the castle, anymore, kid,” he murmurs, flicking his eyes down to the prim way that Steve is cutting up his chicken with a knife and fork. “

For emphasis on the point that he’s yet to make out loud, Bucky leans back and stabs his own fork into the meat on his plate and brings up a large chunk of it up to his face, ripping it off with his teeth in a move that

be barbaric if they were anywhere else. But they aren’t, and this is how Steve needs to start acting if he wants to stay safe. 

Bucky chews, then swallows, all while making direct eye contact with Steve. “We

at the castle anymore,” he repeats. He keeps his tone serious so that Steve will get what he’s trying to say, but lets it turn a little lighter once Steve nods and puts down his cutlery. “Loosen up a little, pal. No one is gonna get mad at you if you don’t say

after every burp, and I sure as hell don’t give a shit about you eating with your elbows on the table.”

Steve winces, but the expression quickly slides into a shy smile. “Sorry,” he sighs, pushing his knife away and trading it out for his tankard. “Force of habit. My Ma might not have been raised a royal, but she sure did believe in making sure I had manners. I got sent to so many etiquette tutors growing up, you’re lucky I’m not yelling at you for

Bucky snorts and takes his own sip of cider. “What’s wrong with my elbows, huh?”

“Now that you mention it, they are kinda bony,” Steve deadpans. 

Bucky snorts again, this time loudly enough for it to be considered a laugh. For a prince, Steve has got a pretty good repertoire when it comes to these sharp (but good natured) remarks. Knowing that his mother wasn’t raised as royalty does make sense, though, or at least provides an explanation for some of the things Bucky has been wondering about her son. 

It’s common knowledge that Joseph had died when Steve was young— almost thirty two years ago, if the volume Bucky read of their kingdom’s most up to date history installment was correct. It hadn’t gone over the details of Sarah’s own background, but it had mentioned she was pregnant with the prince at the time of her coronation, which means she was the only parent Steve can probably remember having while growing up, royal or not. 

Sarah is a standalone queen who now reigns over her husband’s kingdom on her own, but more than that, she’s also a single mother to their son, both being positions that she had been forced into taking long before she could have ever thought. 

That explains why Steve isn’t the type of prince Bucky had pictured at first. He

a bit of an odd duck. Like mother, like son, and all. It must have been hard on them both trying to fit into a world where they weren’t sure they belonged. 

Bucky can relate to that sentiment a lot as of recent times. It goes without saying as to why. He and Steve might have more in common than he originally thought, now that Bucky is thinking about it. At the very least, they both still call their mothers

or Bucky would, if he were able to interact with her through more than just his memories. 

Steve is still going on about his Ma right now, taking Bucky’s order to loosen up to heart far enough for him to be talking with his mouth full of potatoes. “My Ma would call me a hypocrite if she heard me making that joke considering how bony everything in my body was when I was younger,” he says, shaking his head with another shy smile. “She used to get onto me for using it to my advantage whenever I tried to roughhouse with the squires around my age. Said they were pretty much weapons of their own, just as sharp as a sword.”Steve had mentioned before that he was a generally sickly child, so he must have been a skinny one as well. Bucky can sort of see the remnants of that even now— while Steve’s brow and jaw are both just as strong as the rest of him, there’s a certain delicacy in his cheekbones that speaks to his face formerly being made up of sharper angles. 

There’s also a bump planted smack in the middle of his nose, and Bucky has to wonder if that’s a feature passed down through his family line or something that came from getting it broken in one of those playful fights he just mentioned. He doesn’t ask that because it would require admitting to have studied Steve’s face like a creep, but he does clear his throat and choose a different question instead. 

“That mean your weapon of choice on our quest is gonna be an elbow? Because I did bring along a sword for you, in case you didn’t notice.” He keeps his tone lighthearted so Steve can tell the remark is more of a reminder than anything. 

Earlier when they had stopped to let the horses get some water, he had noticed Steve fiddling around with the handle of said sword sticking out of the scabbard attached to his saddle, so he’s already sure Steve had seen the weapon. He hasn’t drawn it out yet, which Bucky would have expected given the curiosity Steve has displayed about almost everything else, but the reason behind that hesitation turns out to be what Steve gets around to admitting to him next. 

“I was going to talk to you about that after supper, actually,” Steve confesses, leaning back a little in his seat like he’s trying to caution himself by putting some distance between him and the man he’s speaking to. 

As if he finds Bucky intimidating. Bucky isn’t sure how he feels about that, but then, after a moment of careful silence, Steve is leaning back towards the table with a sudden expression of confidence that completely contrasts his prior demeanor. 

“I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I’m not… the

when it comes to using a sword.” Bucky isn’t sure if he’s supposed to nod or not. The only place he’s seen Steve use one is during the battle they’d met through, and that hadn’t lasted very long. “I know the basics of how to hold it and enough moves to hold my own out in the courtyard, but using it effectively out in the real world has proven to be a different matter.”

Bucky tilts his head forward in acknowledgment. He knows how difficult handling that difference is firsthand. No amount of wooden play swords or teenage tumbling with the other boys in his town could have fully prepared him for what sort of fighting was to come with the war. 

Steve’s hands are tightly laced in front of him now, the knuckles white. “And now that we’re

in the real world, I was thinking that maybe it would benefit us both if you were to give me a couple tips. Maybe a lesson or two, if you can spare them?” 

Every time Steve asks a question, it comes out so goddamn earnest and genuine that Bucky’s not sure if he could say

outright even if he tried. Even if he wanted to, which in this case, he does not. Steve’s right in saying that furthering his abilities with a weapon will benefit them both, and even if Bucky doesn’t think he

a second hand on a sword for them to remain safe, it would be nice. That’s the reason he brought along a sword for Steve in the first place, after all. 

Steve is still looking at him expectantly, awaiting an answer, so Bucky makes sure to hurry out his response. 

“Of course,” he says easily. “We have some extra time to kill tonight, anyways.” 

Since they got off the road so early in the evening, they have at least an hour and a half left after supper before the darkness of night truly begins to set in. The town they’re staying in isn’t too far away from the forest, so it should be a simple matter to find a clearing somewhere nearby where they can go about their task. They could probably even take advantage of the setting to let the horses graze in the grass while they’re at it and let the animals get some supper of their own. 

They’ll still have to spend the night in the stables, but after such a long day of riding they deserve the relaxation. Bucky rather likes the horse he’s been given. Evergreen is a bit high tempered, but steady on her feet regardless. If Bucky is ever to claim a steed other than the one he’d been assigned to at HYDRA, he thinks that he’d like for it to be her. 

Steve looks positively elated at Bucky’s agreement, but Bucky can tell he’s trying to contain the excitement by the way he ducks his head down and shifts his shoulders into what’s almost a happy wiggle. “After supper, then? We can take a while to digest, of course,” he adds on quickly, obviously trying to take away any reason for Bucky to change his mind.

Bucky chuckles and downs his last swig of cider, raising the now-empty tankard in a mock toast. “Fighting

always done best on a full stomach. Both on the battlefield and between lovers, as my Pa taught me.”

He says that without thinking about the romantic implication Steve obviously picks up on based off of his responding blush. Bucky wasn’t intending on suggesting that they were

, but to tell the truth, there may have been some subconscious desires at play there. 

He’s not going to think about that right now. Preferably not later, either. He doesn’t need the distraction, not when he and Steve both have a quest to be focusing on and Steve is decidedly out of league for the likes of the former Winter Soldier. And right now,

isn’t something either of them need to worry about. 

Bucky will give Steve exactly what he asked for: a lesson. As many as he wants to be taught in the days to come as they travel. 

“Alright,” he exhales, pushing away his plate. Steve does the same, his eyes fixed eagerly on Bucky’s face. “Fifteen minutes. Go to your room and wash up if you want, change your clothes, whatever. Meet me out in the stables once you’re done.” 

He’ll need a little time to get what they’ll need to train ready, and Steve had mentioned before supper that he wanted to bring some of his books into his room for the night to study the details about the Serum and Erskine’s lab inside anyways. Plus, as plain as Steve’s current cloak is, Bucky doubts he’ll want to get it dirty. 

Steve nods and stands up, practically bouncing on the balls of his feet with how ready he is to leave. “Thank you, Bucky,” he says, and just like his questions, it comes out genuine. “

And there’s that earnestness to go along with it. 

Bucky waves a hand and stands as well, heading towards the doorway with a nod to the woman tasked with cleaning the tables. “It’s no trouble.” 

He means that genuinely as well. With how regretful he is about what had been done for him to possess such skill when it comes to winning a fight with or without a weapon, using them for a somewhat positive purpose will be a good change in pace, even if he will have to be careful during the actual training to not unintentionally trigger any of his less…

reflexes in a way that might hurt Steve in a manner far past playful. 

This is about helping Steve, not hurting him, and while Steve is admittedly not a fragile man, he’s not an impenetrable person either. He’s a prince, not an assassin, and watching the way he graciously thanks every person who moves out of his way towards the door only serves as a reminder of that. At least he doesn’t trip this time around. 

Once they get over the threshold of where the tavern turns into an inn, Bucky makes sure to give Steve a reminder of his own. “Fifteen minutes,” he tells him a second time, standing still momentarily before they both split off in opposite directions, Steve to his room and Bucky to the stable. “And don’t wear anything white.”

Steve raises his hand and gives Bucky a mock salute. “Will do, Sir Barnes. See you soon.”

Now all Bucky has to do is make sure that Steve doesn’t stab himself with a sword. 

As Bucky had thought, finding a clearing suitable enough for their little training session doesn’t require much effort. They haven’t even gone that far into the forest— Bucky can still see the smoke from the tavern’s chimney rising above the trees. 

As instructed, Steve had met him in the stable, wearing the same pair of pants as he had been riding in all day, only now with a dark red linen shirt over top of them. The vee in the neckline of it matches most of the fashions currently going around the kingdom, the buttonholes connected not by buttons, but by a long strand of dyed leather tied into a bow between the dip of the wearer’s collarbones.  

Bucky assumes the style is meant to show off the skin of the wearer’s chest, and if that

the intention, in Steve’s case it’s worked wonders. The old Bucky from before who was better at shamelessly charming pretty people into his bed probably would have commented on the way the color of the shirt brought out the blush on Steve’s cheeks, or if he was feeling a bit cheeky himself, said something about wondering if Steve’s chest was as smooth to the touch as it looked beneath the criss crossed strand of leather. 

The current Bucky only makes one comment. “You better be careful or Lucky’s going to mistake you for an apple.” He tugs on Everygreen’s bridle where he’s leading her towards the grassier side of their clearing. “Your breath probably still smells like cider, too.”

Steve glances down at his shirt where he’s following behind them with Lucky by his side. “You said not to wear something white,” he defends, apparently taking Bucky’s quip as a question towards his choice in color. “It was either this or something blue. Turns out I have a little too much cream in my wardrobe.”

Again, the old Bucky probably would have said some sort of line about blue bringing out the corresponding color of Steve’s eyes, but current Bucky only huffs and rolls his eyes where Steve can’t see it. “Alright, cream puff,” he says drily. “Let’s get started while the sky’s still blue too.”

Turns out he’s right about the red accentuating Steve’s blush, because the rosy color has spread all the way down to Steve’s half exposed chest by the time he turns back around. Bucky raises his eyebrows, but doesn’t say anything at all this time. 

Steve still gives him a disgruntled look. “Shut up,” he grumbles, hand now gripping at the hilt of the sword still slid into its scabbard on his saddle. “Just because we don’t

only limit our options to grey shirts and leather.”

That’s a barb thrown at Bucky’s own wardrobe choices, which today, as usual, consists of a plain grey shirt and a leather vest over top with a high collar. Steve has a point, but so would Bucky if he were enough of a jerk to bring up just how

Steve had seen him wearing the day before down by the river. He’s a gentleman, though, so he doesn’t. 

enough of an asshole to fire back with something else. “I’m a knight. The crown may be made of gold, but silver and grey are

colors.” He reaches down to his waist and pulls out his blade, which shines in the exact shade that he’d just mentioned. “You of all people should know that, little prince.” 

to describe Steve is ridiculous, would be even if the blonde weren’t taller than Bucky himself, but it seems to be the unexpectedness of the nickname—

an endearment, as Bucky firmly tells himself— that causes Steve to react in the way that he does next. His mouth drops and eyes open slightly into an incredulous expression that’s so shocked and taken aback that Bucky can’t help but laugh. 

It might be a good thing that Steve hadn’t taken out his sword before Bucky said that, because Bucky’s almost certain he would have dropped it right along with his bottom lip. 

Bucky balances his own blade expertly in his grip, the golden light of the beginning sunset reflecting off of it and reminding him that they really do need to get started. Steve had said he only wanted a couple of tips for tonight, but Bucky has already begun mapping what may as well be a training regime out in his head in preparation for what other sorts of tricks with a sword Steve may want to be shown in the spare time of the days to come. 

He’s already proven himself to be an eager student and willing participant, so assuming that he’ll be even

eager to further his knowledge if Bucky gives him the chance isn’t much of a stretch. He’ll have to make that offer later, maybe tomorrow afternoon once they’ve gotten back on the road. For now—

“Bring your sword over to the area between those trees,” he instructs, pointing with his own sword towards the area in question. “We’ll only be going over defense positioning and a couple of blocks today, so don’t worry about anything being too complicated.”

Steve takes in a deep breath and tightens his grip on the hilt before finally using those strong arms of his to pull the blade up and then out, making sure to point the tip away from Lucky’s abdomen. He looks a bit nervous, but his voice remains steady enough for Bucky to be impressed at the control. “I think I can handle that.”

Bucky nods and gives Steve a small smile in the hopes of reassuring him of what they both should already know. Steve

handle it. After all, whether he’s good with a sword or not, it had been his hand that was responsible for knocking Bucky’s mask off. 

That feels like a conversation too heavy to have where they’re at, so Bucky only nods again once before turning his head. “Just make sure you don’t stab me in the back on your way over,” he calls over his shoulder as he steps forward. “We’ll call that lesson one. Don’t ever try to maim your master.”

Steve grunts without saying much else, but Bucky can hear his boots snapping twigs underneath the soles as he follows. “My master? And here I thought we were friends.”

That statement, as absentminded as it is, makes Bucky’s heart do a funny twist in his chest. So Steve

consider them to be something more than just companions. Bucky thinks that that’s something he can agree with, but as he tells Steve a moment later— 

“Out there, we are. But back here, when we’re doing this?” Bucky turns and points his blade forward, aimed directly at Steve’s chest from a distance of maybe five feet away. “You’re here to learn. I’m here to teach you.”

Steve doesn’t come to a half for a few more steps, but when he does, Bucky can see him swallow and lick his lips. “I am,” he says quietly, fingers curling around the hilt of his sword even tighter as he angles it up towards the branches hanging above their heads. “And you are. So I guess that

make you my master.”

Steve’s eyes are so big and blue when he says that that Bucky has to blink and draw his sword back just so he doesn’t have the cause to make a stupid comparison of a wolf about to pounce on a baby deer. Bucky might be a predator, made to hunt, used to kill— but Steve is… well, Bucky isn’t sure what he should think of Steve as. He’s definitely not prey, but he’s not a predator either. 

Bucky’s not afraid of hurting Steve because he thinks of him as weak or incable. He simply knows that Steve isn’t like him. He isn’t a killer— and it’s true that once upon a time, Bucky didn’t think of himself as one of those either, but nowadays it’s more complicated. Even if Bucky isn't a killer, his body once was. On the good days, he knows that. He believes it. 

But on the bad ones, it’s hard to think of himself as much different from any of the weapons he now has so much experience wielding. On the bad days, all he can do is be grateful that he no longer has anyone with the power to wield him anymore. 

It’s Bucky’s turn to have to take a deep breath. It’s probably best to start out with something less… aggressive. With that thought in mind, he sheathes his sword and ignores Steve’s confused expression in favor of giving him another order. “Stay still for a second.”

Steve still looks confused, but with one last shift of his heels, he does. He stays so still that he doesn’t move anything other than his eyes as Bucky crosses his arms over his chest and begins coming closer. 

It has to be intimidating, having a man the size of the stature they share getting so up in his space, but to his credit, Steve doesn’t seem that uncomfortable even when Bucky turns the straight line he’d been walking in into a circle to instead make his way around the back of his pupil’s body. 

Bucky thinks about drawing out his silence and the lack of an explanation a little longer just to see how long it would take to get Steve to break, but he decides to be kind on their first day, at least. “I know you said you know how to hold a sword, but what we really need to fix right now is your posture,” he explains, stepping to the side far enough for Steve to be able to see him in his peripheral vision. “Whether you’re on the ground or on a horse, your upper body should remain the same.”

Now, Steve moves, even if only enough to nod slowly. “Okay,” he exhales. “Show me how to do it the right way?”

Bucky had been hesitant in whether or not he should ask about touch, but at Steve’s request, he carries out the repositioning his hands had been itching to do. Steve, despite all of his bulk, moves pliantly under his palms. Thinking about how that makes him feel is a distraction Bucky has to work very hard to ignore, and even then it isn’t enough to keep him from noticing how warm to the touch Steve is even through the fabric of his shirt. 

Touch hasn't always been intimate for Bucky. Once upon a time, he had so many friends and other blood related loved ones that touch was as normal throughout his day as breathing air or drinking water. And then, it wasn’t. It

for so long that now Bucky feels like he doesn’t know how to touch another person this much without causing them harm. 

But, if he does what Steve has asked, what Bucky had told him he was going to do to begin with— that can’t do harm, can it? Bucky closes his eyes and lets his instinct take over while rearranging the angle of Steve’s shoulders and arms. This shouldn’t be such a big deal. He needs to suck it up and move on. Things will be fine as long as he’s gentle. 

“You want to stand up straight, but not so much that you stiffen your entire body up,” he murmurs, bracing his hand briefly between Steve’s shoulder blades to accentuate his point. “If you’re too tense, it makes you easier to knock over, and the last thing you need is to lock your knees.” He doesn’t move his hand down to the area he’s talking about this time, but he does nudge the toe of his boot against one of the backs of Steve’s own. “As for your lower body, if you’re trying to fight with a sword while standing, the key to remaining steady and keeping the form of your upper body intact is balancing your weight properly.” He nudges Steve’s other ankle now. “Widen your feet for me. Turn the right one out a bit while you’re at it.”

Steve obeys, coming to a standstill again when his boots are a shoulders width apart with the foot corresponding with the hand holding his sword angled a bit to the side. “Which one should I put my weight on?”

Bucky hums and pats his shoulder. “Good question, but the answer is neither. You want to keep your weight

your legs. It’s about balance, remember?”

“Yeah.” Steve’s voice suddenly sounds strained. “I remember.” When Bucky next touches his shoulder, it’s high enough for his thumb to brush the bare skin of Steve’s neck above his shirt. Steve’s breath hitches, and though the touch is accidental, Bucky can’t help but notice the reaction it elicited. 

Even before their proximity got this close, Bucky had been able to tell that Steve has taken some sort of a shine to him. It could just be hero worship, though (or at least that’s what he’s been trying to tell himself). Bucky is no hero, but it seems asinine to assume that a goddamn

with almost every other adult in the kingdom available to him would be so attracted to the likes of Bucky, even in a manner that’s nothing more than physical. 

Like every other sign and possible opening that’s come to mind since yesterday, Bucky pushes the thought away. He’s here to train Steve, not to tease him. He’s on this quest to help, not just Steve, but also himself. He’s trying to be a good person again, and that doesn’t involve taunting himself with things that he won’t ever be able to have. 

He takes his hand off of Steve’s shoulder and instead places it on his own hip, stepping back to assess the changes made to Steve’s position. He ends up guiding Steve to lift his blade up a little higher, but after that, it may as well be perfect. He tells Steve as much while circling back around to stand in front of him. “Good. That’s more like it.”

“Feels a lot more comfortable, too,” Steve admits, smiling a little at the compliment but keeping his head held high and out of its usual bashful duck. 

That’s good to hear, thought Bucky still has to warn— “Don’t get too comfortable. That’s just how you’re supposed to

your sword during a battle.” 

Bucky slides his own back out of its scabbard and shows off enough to flip it around by the handle before bringing it up in a mirror to Steve's stance, an admittedly over the top motion that has Steve’s bottom lip parting from the top one again. 

“Now we’re going to make sure you know how to use it.”

If Bucky thought that touching another person was a stressful experience to repeat again after his time as the Soldier, touching someone and then

with them is a million times worse. 

Okay, that’s an exaggeration. They weren’t really

, not when they were mostly practicing defensive moves and blocks meant to keep the opponent from doing any damage, but it was being the opponent again at all that got Bucky into his head. He had known it was coming, had tried to prepare himself for it, but training with Steve turned out to be almost as stressful as sparring with Dernier, and there hadn’t even been any actual slashing, let alone blood spattering involved. 

As interactions with two people wielding weapons went, it had been one of the safest possible. That should be reassuring to Bucky, but to tell the truth? It isn’t doing much to lighten his mood. 

He’s antsy and on edge, maybe even a little bit anxious— which in turn only makes him even

on edge at the thought of that making him act erratically towards Steve. Hell, Lucky and Evergreen too. The four of them are currently making their way through the forest back towards the stable, and while Bucky does still feel like twitching at the sound of every twig that snaps under their boots, he does feel a bit better when he sees the way that Steve is smiling. 

No matter how paranoid Bucky feels on his own end about their training, Steve seems to feel pretty good about it. Even more than that, he seems to be proud. 

He deserves to be. He’s a quick learner, and thankfully, an even better sport about how silent Bucky has been since they put their swords away. 

Bucky appreciates it more than words could say even if he were in the mood to speak. He isn’t, but Steve must be with how casually he’d started chattering after they made their way out of the clearing. Bucky is content to be a listener rather than a participant in the conversation for now. 

Steve seems to have a pretty good handle on it alone, anyways. “I was thinking we could leave again at sunrise tomorrow,” he’s saying, looking at Bucky and waiting for his nod of confirmation before going on happily. “If you get up before me, please don’t hesitate to barge through the door. I’ve been known to be a bit of an oversleeper when I’m not in my chambers, so…” He rubs a hand over the back of his neck, something that Bucky has noticed is a signature move of his whenever he’s embarrassed. “I’m going to try and turn in a bit earlier than usual to try and avoid that, but I was also going to try and look over some more of the maps so we know where we’re going tomorrow, and… I’ve got another bad habit of getting a little lost in time when I’m reading.”

“Then why don’t you let me take care of some of it too?” Bucky breaks his streak of silence before he even realizes what he’s doing, but the unintentional suggestion is a good one regardless. Steve knows Bucky likes books too, and although this is his quest, he doesn’t have to shoulder the burden of figuring out where they’re going on his own. 

Steve’s features are a little fuzzy now that it’s gotten dark, but Bucky can still tell that he looks a little surprised by the offer thanks to the moonlight shining directly down on them now that they’re out of the trees. “You wouldn’t mind?”

“Of course not.” Bucky gives Steve a small smile from where he’s turned around ahead of him to slide open the door to the stable Lucky and Evergreen will be staying the night in. “I’d be happy to. We’re in this together, pal.”

The nickname that he says out loud is

but for a split second, there had been a reflex on his tongue that made him almost want to say

instead. Thankfully for his dignity, he doesn’t make that mistake. 

Steve doesn’t appear to notice the slipup Bucky had just nearly made, merely smiling and following Bucky into the building to begin tying Lucky to the stall he’d taken him out from earlier. “Thanks, Buck. I mean it.” 

As if Steve of all people would have to make that clarification. Bucky

that he means it. Steve seems to mean almost everything he says, which is probably just as much of a problem for him as it is a positive part of his personality. Bucky’s never met a more honest man. Where does that leave him in comparison?

Before Bucky can get out the obligatory

common decency requires, Steve is smiling at him again from beside the stable door that Bucky slides shut once more. “You know, I think you were right about what you said with all that fighting better on a full stomach business,” he says, falling in step with Bucky as they make their way back towards the inn. “It was probably why I was such a mess on the day we met.” He tilts his head towards Bucky conspiratorially, and though there’s no one else around them, whispers his next words as if they’re a secret. “I skipped breakfast that day. The nerves made me so nauseous I couldn’t barely get down water before I…”

is the implication that goes unsaid. 

Bucky snorts at it regardless. “If you can free the most feared assassin in the land without even having to try, I’d love to see what you could do with some real training. We’ll have to see about getting you a shield and some armor once we’re back at the castle.” He doesn’t actually have enough sway with the armory supervisor to make a promise like that, but Steve doesn’t seem to think taking things that far is a good idea.

He’s shaking his head, eyes now fixed on the creaky wooden floorboards they’re walking over on their way up to their rooms. He doesn’t lift them even after they start climbing the stairs. “I don’t know if my Ma will ever let me out of her

again after we get back. But—“ He stops in front of what must be his door, now looking up again with a burning sincerity in his eyes. “Really, Buck. Thank you for tonight.”

Bucky is aware that he’s never been a man who’s adverse to eye contact, but he’s never been more aware of it than he is right now, because he could stare at Steve like this all night and not get tired. “Anytime,” he says softly with all the honesty he can summon behind it. 

Their gazes remain connected for what could be anywhere from another second to another five minutes, but eventually Steve clears his throat and tears his away in order to place them on his pack where it’s propped up on the wall beside his bed. “You still want that book?”

Bucky is no longer sure of how well he’ll be able to concentrate on anything other than the thought of how long Steve’s lashes are tonight, but he’s a man of his word. “Sure thing.”

This time, it really is five minutes later by the time he gets over to his own room, shutting the door gently behind him and looking at the book now held in his hands.

Magical Minds and Where to Find Them.

Somehow, Bucky isn’t surprised that this is the sort of thing Steve pores over in his free time. 

He smiles and brushes his fingers over the word

embossed into the title. He knows that magic has always been the point of this quest, that magic is pretty much what began all of his problems in the first place, but there had been a different sort of magic in most of tonight, he thinks. A good kind. Not dark, not light. Just… good, even through all the stress that the idea of fighting Steve had brought on. 

As he’s changing, Bucky prays that this spell is one that

end whenever he wakes up tomorrow. 

In the meantime, he slips into his sleep clothes and sits on the bed, cracking open his borrowed book as he reclines into the pillows. Hopefully Erskine’s lab won’t be as hard to find as Bucky’s peace of mind.

This morning’s ride thankfully starts off much less awkward, at least where speaking to each other is concerned. 

Before yesterday, the longest excursion Steve had been on outside the castle walls with horses involved had been through carriage rides with his mother or whatever other royal babysitter he had been assigned. That’s not to say he’s not well accustomed to riding in a saddle as well, but recreational rides around the royal grounds are a bit different than riding across unknown forests and roads for ten plus hours at a time. 

The main difference Steve is reminded of this morning when he gets ready to repeat the process comes through the form of how sore his ass is when he climbs out of bed. He groans, momentarily forgetting that he’s not currently surrounded by walls made of stone. Once he remembers, he hides his next unhappy sound with a wince and a push of his palm against the small of his back, like making it pop will somehow make any of his other areas feel any better. 

After braving his way through all the illnesses he was plagued with growing up and begrudgingly dealing with the health issues that still echo through his bigger body today, being in pain isn’t exactly a new feeling to him. This by far isn’t even the worst pain he’s ever been in, and as much as Steve would love to collapse back into the horribly lumpy bed the inn has provided him with, Bucky is no doubt already awake and waiting for him to show signs of being the same. 

Besides, maybe once they get back to riding again the stiffness will fade. Steve just needs to loosen up a little, maybe try and rub out his legs in the way his Ma always used to when he was younger and got cramps from having to be confined in bed for so long. 

She hasn’t done that in a very long time, has had no reason to with how grown Steve now is— and maybe it’s dumb, such a grown man feeling like this, but Steve misses her. He doesn’t care if it’s only been a day. She’s his only family, and the idea that she’s somewhere far away and angry with him for leaving in the first place is harder to handle than Steve would have thought when he first wrote that letter for her to find. 

He apologized a lot in it, but with how bad he’s still feeling, maybe it wasn’t enough. 

Steve exhales heavily and pushes his fingers a bit harder than necessary into the meat of his thigh where he’s now bare legged and bare bodied in general save for his stockings. What he has laid out to dress himself in is similar to what he wore yesterday, only this time the shirt is that blue one he had mentioned when Bucky had teased him about the red making him look like an apple. 

At least Steve thinks it was teasing. He’s not sure about where he stands with Bucky sometimes still, whatnot with all the mixed signals and the hot then cold attitude he has going on. He’s far from unstable— probably

stable than Steve is himself right now— but he’s still a little hard to read. 

He knows he shouldn’t ever admit to this out loud, but Steve sort of likes the mystery. Most people can’t relax enough to give Steve the chance to have a real conversation with them thanks to the overwhelming nature of being in a royal’s presence, but Bucky is… different. Steve wants to get to know

even more than he wants to open up on his own end. 

Bucky is fascinating and a little captivating, not just because he’s handsome or has his past with HYDRA, but because he’s so very clearly a good person to be around despite the fact that he tries to hide it with all his dry remarks and stoic silences. Steve had liked talking and training with him yesterday.

He had liked the thought that Bucky was taking one of his books to bed with him even more. Maybe even too much. Steve shouldn’t care so much about the idea of any part of him being in Bucky’s bed, but here he is thinking about it even while still undressed and standing bent halfway over to try and remedy his sore ass. 

He straightens up so quickly once he realizes the insinuations of his own thoughts that his back finally does pop, and he groans at that too. Letting the noise out unfortunately doesn’t do much to help his face cool off. God, he needs to get dressed and packed back up before he does anything else stupid that someone might hear out of context. 

With that thought in mind as motivation, he throws the rest of his clothes on as quickly as he can and then begins tossing his books back into his pack alongside off of his other items. He didn’t bring much else besides books and things to wear suitable for traveling, but what other items he did bring are what allows him to keep out the thing that they’re going to need maybe the most today. 

Steve supposes that his sketchbook is technically a

as the latter half of the word suggests. A torn out page from the only book Steve would be willing to ruin like that paired with the cloth wrapped charcoal, pen, and pot of ink all add up together for a new creation, all of Steve’s own making: a map.

A new one, that is, drawn by Steve’s hand and hopefully apt in leading them across the land and straight to Erskine’s lab. It should be handy to have on this second day of their journey now that they’re further away from the castle and getting deeper into the land. 

Steve’s pretty proud of how good it turned out, and it’s probably a stupid though, but he sort of hopes that Bucky will be impressed by it too. Maybe it’ll even be worthy of a compliment like some of his work with his sword had been the night before. He’s lucky his arms aren’t as sore as his lower half is with how heavy the blade had felt in his hand when Bucky was busy trying to straighten up his stance, but it’s probably just because they’re different kinds of pressure that strain different kinds of muscles. 

Though when Bucky had kept touching his shoulders and back, Steve’s entire body had felt so tense that he’s surprised he didn’t explode. It was nice, though. Steve doesn’t get much casual touch from anyone other than his mother and Sam, and even if Bucky’s touch had felt a little too charged to be casual, Steve’s willing to take it. Whatever it is. Whatever it may have meant. 

They’re friends. This much he knows. Even if Bucky’s tone is a little grumpy when he knocks on Steve’s door a few seconds later. At least he isn’t banging, Steve supposes. He sounds like his mouth might even be full— of their breakfast, Steve presumes. He’s proven right by the second part of Bucky’s greeting statement. “Wake up, buddy. You gotta get out here if you wanna eat your bacon before it’s cold.” Bucky hums, and Steve is close enough to the door to hear him bite into something crunchy. “Or before it’s all gone.”

isn’t what Steve wants. He huffs out an exasperated breath and grabs his pack once he has his boots on, wrenching open the door to be welcomed by the sight of Bucky still standing behind it. 

He doesn’t look surprised at Steve’s sudden appearance, merely cocking an eyebrow and giving him a slightly crooked smile that only really turns up the right side of his mouth, still shining with what is most likely bacon grease. That shouldn’t make Steve feel as hungry as it does, but he blames the actual piece of bacon Bucky holds up for him to take. 

“There’s more downstairs,” he says, already turning to head back down there. Steve follows the smell of food happily. “Turns out one of the cooks wakes up early enough for me to charm her into cooking us some eggs and bacon. Got us some apples and biscuits for the road, too.”

There’s an odd flare of jealousy that flickers up in Steve’s stomach right as he swallows a bite of bacon to go down and join it. Bucky flirts with people to get what he wants. There’s nothing wrong with that, it’s just… Steve can only hope that he isn’t one of those people. Bucky is different to him. Even if they’re only friends or quest companions, Steve wants to be different to him too. 

“Well, I hope she isn’t too heartbroken when you leave her,” he tries to joke, but to his own ears it sounds like it falls flat. 

Bucky laughs though, or at least snorts as he grabs one of two plates prepared on the counter they’d gotten their dinner at last night and heads towards the back of the tavern side of the inn to the table they’d eaten at last night as well. “She’s about my mother’s age, so I doubt she’ll think of me when I’m gone.”

Oh. Steve ducks his head down and focuses his eyes on his plate so that Bucky hopefully won’t see the relief in them. “You never know. You might remind her of her own son, if she has one.”

After the words are out, Steve realizes just how much of a bitter projection of his own emotions that had been. He looks up at Bucky to apologize for it only to find something akin to grief reflected in his expression, but before Steve can open his mouth to apologize for that as well, Bucky’s face shutters and the grief is gone and replaced by something horribly blank, his entire demeanor right back to being hard to read. 

Steve wants to bang his head against the table. Sam had said Bucky wasn’t a good conversationalist, but so far it’s

that seems to be fucking up their conversations on a consistent basis. This is what happens when you go most of your life with only one friend, God bless Sam Wilson and his patience. Steve is nothing but a royal screwup when it comes to connecting with new ones. 

How can he be a good king if he can’t even be a good friend?

After a few long moments of terse silence, Bucky clears his throat and speaks back up. “I put the book you let me borrow in one of Lucky’s saddlebags when I went to check on the horses this morning. It should be on the same side as your sword.” He extends his hand out and offers Steve what looks to be his last piece of bacon. “Once you’re finished eating we can go.”

Steve looks at the strip of meat held between Bucky’s fingers with confusion. Not five minutes ago he had been joking about eating his and Steve’s share of it both, and now he’s trying to give the last bit of his away? Is this.. what, a peace offering?

not the one responsible for ruining the mood. Steve is.

But pushing away his hand would only ruin things even more, and Steve wants to at least be able to end their morning on a good note. So, giving Bucky a small smile and a nod, he accepts the offer and takes the piece of bacon for himself. He’ll make up for this somehow later. 

, because Bucky is right. They need to get on the road before the sun rises, as they’d agreed on the night before. By the time they make it out of town and through the next stretch of forest, it should be daylight on the other side, at least according to Steve’s studies— and the map he had used those studies to draw, as he finally informs Bucky of while still scarfing the last of his eggs down. 

“I drew this before bed last night,” he says, pulling out his creation and spreading it flat on the table between their plates so Bucky can see exactly what the dark lines and cramped writing on it are supposed to detail. “It should line up with what you read too, I hope. It’s not a straight line to Erskine’s lab, but…”

Bucky finishes that thought for him. “It’ll help lay out the quickest path.” Now he’s nodding and giving Steve a smile of his own, the first genuine expression from him Steve has seen since that remark about mother and son. “This is good, Steve. You’ve got very talented hands.”

And listen. Steve knows that Bucky is making that comment about his artistic skills

alright? But that doesn’t stop his fingers from curling in on his palms when Bucky is looking at him like that. Like he’s genuinely impressed with Steve outside of just drawing a damn map. 

It’s his turn to clear his throat. “I, uh. I guess I’d probably be an artist if I weren’t a prince.” He shrugs and laughs awkwardly, reaching forward to roll his map back up just to give his so-called

something to do. “Or maybe I wouldn’t, because if I weren’t a prince, I doubt I would have survived being such a sickly kid.”

a prince, then,” Bucky says, and it’s quiet, but it’s there. Steve almost thinks that he’s heard him wrong, and Bucky doesn’t help with the clarification with how he continues on so briskly. “Are you done with breakfast?”

Steve looks down at his almost empty plate and nods, tucking his map into his pocket as he stands up to follow Bucky towards the door. This time they both carry their plates up with the to set back on the counter, a small effort to help the kind cook clean up since the tavern isn’t technically even open right now. 

It’s still practically pitch black out when their boots hit the dirt of the road crossing over to the stable, and cool enough for Steve to wish that he had thrown on a cloak over his clothes before leaving the building. There’s still time to pull one out before getting on the horses, though, so he settles on rubbing his hands together and blowing against them while Bucky unties both Lucky and Evergreen from their stalls before leading them out of the stable doors. 

He checks both of the saddles while Steve busies himself with tying on his pack to the back of Lucky’s, unbuckling the top of it and rummaging around until he finds the bundle of cloth he’s looking for— which as Bucky is shown a second later is a maroon cloak and hood. 

It’s made of wool, so by the time the sun comes up it’ll probably be too warm to wear it the rest of the day, but it’ll do for now. Bucky glances at him as he’s throwing it up and over his shoulders, but only makes one comment. “Red and blue really are your colors, huh?”

Steve’s cheeks definitely turn towards one of those two hues, but he hides it the best he can by turning his back to Bucky in order to next throw his leg up and over Lucky’s saddle, using the angle to his advantage a second time when the suddenness of the motion only serves to remind him of how sore he is now that he’s back in the exact position that caused the stiffness to begin with. 

While he’s still settling in order to try and find a more comfortable arrangement in his seat, he hears the telltale sound of heavy weight dropping against leather that means Bucky has just gotten into his own saddle and based off of the clicks of his tongue that come a moment later, very clearly ready to go. Steve almost feels like he

the horses both are responding to the sound thanks to how fast it makes all of their heads come up. 

If Bucky notices the accidental synchronization, he doesn’t say anything about it. All he does is lift his reins and squeeze his boots in against Evergreen’s sides, as clear of a signal to go as the one he lets out loud. “Let’s hit the road.”

Before he heeds the order, Steve first removes his map from his pants pocket and instead tucks it into the one over his chest, just to make sure that he’ll notice in the event that it accidentally flies loose or slips out. He doesn’t want to lose it, not when he worked so hard in it. Not when what it leads to has the potential to be so precious. 

Men have killed and been killed for both light and dark magic before. Bucky knows this better than anyone, so Steve doesn’t feel the need to mention it. He just repeats Bucky’s motions with his reins and boots, only wincing slightly when Lucky breaking into a trot has him bouncing against his saddle. 

Hopefully he’ll be able to ignore the twinge before too long, but even if he can’t, what would a quest be without a little pain involved? He’s happy to skip any maiming as long as having a sore ass and thighs gets him to that damn Serum. No pain, no gain, and whatnot.  

That is how the saying goes, after all. All magic comes with a cost. 

By lunch, Steve is lucky enough— no pun towards his horse’s name intended— for the pain to have lightened up, even if only by a small amount. Taking in the scenery around them has helped take his mind off it a bit, as has talking to Bucky whenever they’re giving the horses a break by slowing their pace down to a walk. 

Or, in this case, slowing them to a complete stop in order to get water not only for the animals, but themselves as well. Steve is grateful for the halt, having been parched for the last couple of hours thanks to the sun beating down. He’d taken his cloak off miles ago. There’s an irony in how cool the day had started off only to shift into something so sticky and humid that they may as well be down in hell.

Bucky has even seen fit to take off his vest during their pause, so Steve apparently isn’t the only one affected by the temperature. Bucky may even have it worse thanks to the amount of hair he has. When he turns to feed Evergreen a chunk of the apple he’s just bitten into, Steve can see the sweat dripping down the nape of his neck from the bun his locks are currently knotted into. 

Like he said, it’s hell, and the longer they stand here in the shade of the trees by the river, the worse getting back up into their saddles sounds. Steve looks longingly towards the water rushing by and envisions a daydream where he’s back at the castle and has a tub of it up in his room meant for him to slip into and wash off. It probably sounds spoiled, but if he

take advantage of those perks that come with being a prince, wouldn’t he just be ungrateful instead?

His brain briefly breaks him out of his daydream and back to the reality from a few days ago where he first approached Bucky, doing the very thing he’s imagining in the exact same sort of body of water that they’re currently standing by. It brings several possibilities to mind, each popping up and peskily not disappearing like most bad ideas should. 

Could they… well, they could, but

they is the better question. It’s clear what Bucky would do were he alone, but he isn’t, and now this definitely sounds spoiled, but Steve has never bathed anywhere but safely behind the castle walls and in the privacy of his personal chambers.

a stranger doing such a thing had been embarrassing enough for him, and the idea of exposing himself in the same way borders on too much— even before Bucky takes to suggesting exactly what Steve is thinking out loud. 

“How would you feel about taking a dip?” Bucky nods towards the river as if what he’s just said wasn’t clear enough in intention. “It’s hotter than sin out in the sun right now, and we may as well take full advantage of being by the water.”

Steve can tell that even if he says

Bucky is going to get in without worrying about his companion not joining him. Steve can hardly find that odd, not when it's so goddamn hot that they could probably turn this river right into an ocean with the amount of sweat soaking through both their shirts. 

Bucky is looking at Steve expectantly, hands already working on untucking the hem of his own from his belt so that by the time Steve finally finds it in himself to jerkily nod, all he has to do is turn to the side and raise his arms before he’s shucking it off. Since they’re both in much more casual clothing than what is usually worn around the castle, he only has to remove one layer on top to leave his chest and shoulders completely exposed. 

Steve knows he’s supposed to be working on getting undressed himself, but he can’t help taking a few moments to stare at the man’s back while he’s turned around and hunched over in order to take his boots off so that he can then start working on shucking out of his pants. Steve has to turn around himself before Bucky gets that far into undressing. He feels even hotter now, despite the fact that his shirt is now laying on the ground right next to Bucky’s. 

about his body, per se. As a prince, it’s hard to be in the conventional sense, whatnot with all the servants and other workers who saw him nude or next to it while getting him ready for all of the fittings and balls he was forced to attend growing up. Hell, he still has people who offer to stick around and wash him even now that he’s fully grown and no longer in a body that’s liable to crumpling under the physical weight of his crown. 

Steve knows he’s strong and in shape, even in comparison to the other young men his age who go through the actual rounds of training to become the sort of night Steve is standing next to right now. Out of all the insecurities Steve has about himself, there are only a few that are physical. He’s not really ashamed of Bucky maybe seeing his body under or above the water. He’s more afraid of how his body might

once he sees Bucky’s own. 

There have been many, many people who have seen Steve unclothed, but never outside of a completely professional circumstance. And Steve may have already sort of seen Bucky naked thanks to how he sprung himself out of nowhere on the man a couple days ago, but that had only lasted a few seconds, and they hadn’t been friends then. Things are different now. Steve just isn’t sure what sort of other things he wants that

All things considered, Bucky doesn’t seem to be terribly insecure about his own body either, not with how easily he walk’s past Steve into the water, not even pausing to blink when he surely must feel the way Steve’s eyes have caught on the width of his shoulders and waist. He has no reason to be insecure, anyways. He’s very handsome. Perfect, even, in that rugged way Steve had been so drawn to in the first place. 

If Steve could get away with it without sounding creepy, he might even want to get his charcoal out and ask Bucky to be the subject of one of his sketches. His form catches Steve’s eye in more ways than one. He’d be a good muse, Steve thinks. Artists have always loved men with mysterious airs about them, if the history books have anything accurate to say on the matter. 

Almost all of the paintings Steve was drawn to when his tutor let him focus on art were of men like that. Maybe he has a type, or

he has a problem if he’s this obsessed with the only other friend he’s ever made besides Sam. 

Steve exhales and shakes his head like that’ll clear his thoughts out with any success, kicking out of the clothing covering his bottom half and stepping into the water so fast once he’s as bare as Bucky is that it’s almost dizzying thanks to the change in temperature. The water is cool, a relief from the heat still swimming around them in the sun as well as a relief where Steve’s worry about his body’s reactions were concerned. 

It’s only once he’s waded in far enough for the water to lap up over his nipples that he realizes this is the deepest he’s ever been in water and the closest thing to swimming that he’s truly ever gotten. He

how to swim, of course, was taught as a child under heavy supervision just in case something bad ever did happen where he would need the knowledge, but he hasn’t ever done something like this as an adult. 

Another new experience added under his belt thanks to this quest, and they haven’t even come close to encountering any more magic yet. 

He probably looks a bit strange just standing halfway into the river with that far off expression on his face he knows he gets when he’s thinking, but soon enough Bucky pulls him out of that unintentionally by dunking himself under the water after shaking out the sweaty tangle of his hair from its bun. 

When he comes back up, it’s even darker than usual and slicked back from his forehead in a way that almost reminds Steve of the popular style the squires used to wear their hair in when they were all teenagers. Bucky’s all man, though. That much is made clear by the rest of him. 

There’s water not only dripping from the hair on his head, but also from his beard and the darkened curls of it that grow in a smattering over his chest, and even under his arms as Steve can see when he raises his arms up to wring his ponytail out. The motion makes the muscles of his biceps flex, and Steve is reminded suddenly of the statues made of marble his tutor had taught him about as well. 

Stone is a medium that’s one of the hardest to perfect, Steve knows, as well as one of the ones that takes the most effort. The results of those statues were worth it, though, even if Steve probably shouldn’t be thinking about turning Bucky into one now if he wants to keep his reactions neutral. His body is growing used to the water’s temperature, and the last thing Steve needs is to accidentally slip up now that he’s thawed out. 

He’d already fucked up their conversation this morning. Anything worse runs the risk of fucking up their tentative friendship in its entirety. 

So, he decides to play it safe by turning his back to Bucky and beginning to wash up the best he can given their current situation. They don’t have any soap or scrubbing cloths out, but he can at least splash some water up to rinse off his face. It feels good, even if it doesn’t get him very clean. At least his hair isn’t long enough to get as sweaty or tangled as Bucky’s. 

Despite being turned, Steve can still hear Bucky doing some splashing around of his own, can even see the ripples that come from his motions drift over before the rings are carried away by the current. Bathing outdoors is much more entertaining than bathing in his chambers, Steve is finding. 

The scenery is so beautiful and the cool water such a pleasant contrast to the sun’s warmth that he almost thinks it’s himself behind the hum he hears start up a few seconds after he slips down past his shoulders in the river to tilt his head up and watch the clouds drift through the sky as he does the same with his body floating on the surface of the water down below. It’s not him, though, as he realizes after frowning when he has no recognition of the song the hummer has chosen. It’s Bucky. 

As he’s humming, there are no words for Steve to pick up on, but that really just makes it even easier to enjoy. They don’t need the distraction of words right now. It’s just them out here, and there’s a freedom in that that brings Steve a joy he doesn’t think he’s ever felt before. He never thought that so much happiness could be found through being alone, but he supposes being alone together rather than all on his own is a difference that changes everything. 

He drifts like that for what could be five hours or five minutes or anywhere in between. He’s not sure, and despite the fact that they’re supposed to be traveling on an itinerary today, he doesn’t think it matters. They can take a little break as long as Bucky says it’s okay. 

They aren’t saying much of anything at all right now, which is what probably makes Bucky’s voice come out so raspy when he eventually does break the silence to speak. “We should probably get out soon if we want to dry out before we get back on the road.“

The suggestion makes perfect sense, but Steve is so comfortable where he is that the thought of leaving, even to sit on the bank only ten feet away, makes him groan inadvertently. He doesn’t even open his eyes while doing so, which winds up being a good thing when Bucky responds to the sound of complaint by splashing him on the face.

Steve sputters and does some splashing around of his own to get his body back under the water, his feet finding the slick bottom of the riverbed right as Bucky laughs and starts using his own to wade away from the reach of Steve’s retaliating hand smacking against the water’s surface to try and splash him in return. 

“Bath time’s over, your Highness,” he calls over his shoulder, already up into the grass and bracing his foot against a nearby rock so that he has the leverage to lower his head and shake his hair out the same way he had done during their first meeting a few days ago. 

While he’s distracted, Steve uses the lack of attention to his advantage, taking a long look at his companion and the changes that the water has brought on. His hair is darker everywhere, from the top of his head down to his calves, which only serves to bring out the tan that Steve had noticed even when he was dry. 

He’s got more color to him than Steve does himself, no doubt thanks to the amount of time he spends training and traversing outdoors, time that Steve spends occupied behind the castle walls, confined to his chambers. Stuck in his duties. There’s a strength in Bucky’s body too even besides the obvious type that comes from the amount of muscle he has thickening his shoulders and thighs, though the sight of those muscles flexing with his movement does capture the eye. 

As beautiful as statues and paintings might be, there’s no comparing them to reality. Stone and canvas can only go so far. They might capture moments in time, but there's a beauty in Bucky’s motions that takes Steve’s breath away. 

Steve has had people waiting hand and foot on him his entire life, but this is the first time he’s ever wanted to get down on his own knees and run his hands over someone else’s legs. If Bucky were to ask, Steve thinks he may even be willing to wash them, a gesture that he knows is completely unbecoming of a prince. 

But, as someone who grew up with more servants than he did friends, he knows better than anyone just how meaningful acts of service can be when offered up willingly. Or he thinks he would, if he ever might have the privilege of ever experiencing such a thing. 

Bucky doesn’t look to be concerned about bathing anymore, though. By the time Steve joins him on the riverbank and follows his lead of slipping his undergarments back on to preserve some semblance of modesty, Bucky is flat on his back in the grass and gazing up at the clouds as he waits for his hair and body to dry out. Steve joins him in that too, lying down beside him tentatively with his eyes open and mouth closed. 

It’s a similar position to the one he had just been in in the water, but somehow, looking up at the sky knowing Bucky is doing the exact same thing beside him feels different. Just as peaceful, but a little odd knowing that though they’re looking in the same direction, they’re likely looking at different things. The sky is so big, so full of possibility, and in this moment, Steve feels like his life might be the same. 

It might be stupid— is definitely a little melancholy— but so much of this trip feels like the first fun Steve has had since his childhood. He never would have gotten to swim like this at home, never would have been seriously allowed to train with a sword, never would have gotten to experience any of this if he hadn’t left. He knows that his mother tries to keep him safe with the best of intentions, but he’s not a child anymore, and just because he was once sick doesn’t mean he needs to be watched like a hawk for the rest of his life because of it. 

This isn't just fun. It’s freedom. 

He takes a chance and lolls his head to the side, relieved to see that Bucky has his eyes closed and therefore won’t notice Steve’s continued staring. Steve can’t stop himself from wanting to look, is the thing. Like he said, Bucky is fascinating, and as long as Steve is thinking so heavily about his own freedom, he can’t help but relate that to how Bucky has just gotten back his own. 

Does that make them kindred spirits? Is that why Steve feels such a connection with him?

Was it fate for them to become friends? To become

in the way that Steve has begun wanting?

Fate or not, friends or more, Bucky eventually interrupts Steve’s mental spiralling over those questions with yet another dry remark. 

He doesn’t even have to open his eyes back up. “I can feel you watching me, you know. If you want another lesson with the sword, all you have to do is ask me about it.” Now his eyes are open and flicking to the side to lock with Steve’s own, startled and wide with the sudden call out he hadn’t known was coming. “The answer would be

, but I think it would be best if we wait until later tonight. It’s still a bit too warm right now to put in that much exercise.”

Steve flounders for an answer for a few seconds. Bucky is right in that Steve had been planning on bringing up another lesson today eventually, but that is definitely not why Steve had been staring at him like a creep just now. It is a good explanation to cover the creepiness of getting caught up, though, so Steve decides to just go with Bucky’s train of thought. It’s not

a lie if Steve wasn’t the one who made it up, right? 

Right. “If you look at the map, I think there should be another inn somewhere up ahead,” Steve says quickly, sitting up and fumbling around to find his shirt and take the map out of his pocket so that he can hand it to Bucky and show him what inn he’s talking about. “It’s in a busier town than the last one, but Erskine’s laboratory should only be about half a day’s ride from it, so if we stay the night there tonight and leave in the morning…”

“We should get there by tomorrow,” Bucky finishes with a nod. “We better get a move on if we want to get good rooms, then. Busier town might mean less to go around.” He shrugs after sitting up as well. “Worst comes to worst and we have to share, I can just kip on the floor. I’ve slept in worse places before.”

Steve can’t think of a

place to sleep than next to Bucky, but that’s an absentminded thought he squashes almost as soon as it pops up. They’re getting closer than ever to the endgame of their journey now. He needs to focus, and he can’t keep doing that it he lets some dumb crush distract him. Even if Bucky is particularly… captivating. 

He takes his map back when Bucky offers it, slipping it back into his shirt pocket and then slipping the shirt itself back on as Bucky stands and begins to get redressed as well. “I’m sure we’ll be able to work something out,” he says eventually. “Just gotta actually get there first.”

“Then we better get going soon.” Bucky stands back up from where he was squatting down to tie his boots back on, testing the tightness of the laces when lifting his leg up and fitting the toe of his shoe into a stirrup. “You ready?”

“As I’ll ever be,” Steve replies. The soreness in his legs is nothing but a second thought this time around when he situates himself into his saddle. 

He can only hope that today’s lesson with the sword will get this much easier too. Either way, he’ll find out later. In the meantime, they have a lot more riding to do.

Steve was right in saying that their stopping point for tonight is in a busier town than the one that they left early this morning. Then again, having grown up in a pretty small village himself, maybe most towns bigger than the one he’d grown up in seem busy to him. 

He’d been to many towns both big and small during his time as the Soldier, but those stops were never about pleasure. They were business— the bad kind. He hates that those times have to count when considering the experience he has with places like this under his belt, but at least he has a few tips and tricks because of them to help Steve out. 

By some miracle, Steve is able to buy them both an individual room at the inn. Bucky tries not to think about why that makes him feel disappointed, instead focusing on throwing both their packs over his shoulder and gesturing for Steve to follow him out of the stable so they can go check those rooms out. Steve looks a little confused, so Bucky is quick to offer an explanation. 

“You said we’re in a busier town than the last,” he tells him, passing off the blonde’s pack back to its owner so that he can open the inn door with his now freed up hand. “Means there’s gonna be more shifty people hanging around waiting to steal your stuff. It’s best that we sleep with any valuable items inside.”

For some reason, that makes Steve smile. “I don’t know if my books are very valuable to anyone but us, but thanks for looking out for me, Buck.” He quickly adds on a second statement as they begin stepping up the stairs. “For us, I mean.”

Frankly, Bucky had taken the precaution mostly with Steve in mind. He’s a prince, so of course people will be waiting to rob him at every chance, but more than that… Steve’s just

, and though Bucky hates it about as much as he hates thinking about his past, he knows that Steve’s generosity means that people will always be looking to take advantage. 

Steve’s not incapable of defending or thinking for himself, but he’s also not had to worry about this particular problem yet, having never left the castle on his own. He’s still not on his own now, but that only means one thing: as long as Bucky is with him, he’s going to make sure Steve doesn’t have to learn these lessons the hard way. 

Besides, Steve is only half right about his books not being valuable. Financially they might not be anything special, but to the right person who knows what to look for, for people like them— the physical pages are just paper like any other book, but the contents that they go over

valuable. The Serum of Rebirth wasn’t the only thing Erskine was said to have created, and Bucky knows better than most just how cutthroat people can be when it comes to obtaining magic. 

But, now isn’t the time to point that out. They can do their talking over dinner, which speaking of, is something they should get to as soon as possible considering the way Bucky’s stomach is beginning to growl. 

Luckily, their rooms are right next to each other tonight, so Bucky only has to pause outside his door to make the suggestion. “If you still want to train, after supper would probably be best.” He tilts his lips up into a small smile. “Full belly, and all that.”

Steve must remember the story Bucky mentioned before about that sentiment coming from Bucky’s father, because the corners of his mouth turn up too. “I think I smelled stew when we were passing by the kitchen, so I won’t say no to that offer.” He waves a hand through the doorway of his room. “Give me two seconds and we can walk down together?”

With how they had walked

together, Bucky clearly has to drop his things off too, but he decides not to be enough of an asshole to point that out. Not when Steve has asked so nicely. “Deal.”

Not being an asshole for the time being pays off with how brightly Steve smiles. “I’ll be right out.”

True to his word, Steve only takes a few seconds to deposit his things into his room, as does Bucky. It only takes another five minutes for them both to make their way down to the inn’s dining area and make themselves comfortable sitting up at the bar portion of the room with a couple of drinks and two bowls of Steve’s desired stew. 

It’s pretty good stuff. Not to say that the food at the castle is lacking or anything, but there’s something about this meal that feels homey in a way that makes Bucky’s heart turn. He thinks maybe the cook had made the stew with one of the spices his own Ma always used to use, because when he swallows his first spoonful he feels like he’s just tasted a small sip of heaven, even though he’s no longer sure that that’s where he’s going to go in the end. 

Steve doesn’t look to be feeling nearly as emotional as Bucky is about the stew, but he must think it's good too with how loudly he groans. He stares down into his bowl with an almost awestruck expression. “Would it be rude to try and get the recipe for this?” he asks, almost absentmindedly. Bucky can’t blame him. The flavor is rich enough to warrant distraction. 

He swallows another spoonful down in the hopes that his heart will be pushed down from his throat as well. It sort of works. “I’m sure I could try and charm the cook again for you,” he attempts to joke lightly. “Or maybe I could give you a couple of lessons on that front too.”

He doesn’t know why he says that. It’s not like his flirting skills are up to par with what they used to be, and even if they weren’t rusty, he doesn’t think he’d be too keen on teaching Steve to do such a thing. With other people anyways. That sentiment reflects an attitude which is definitely beginning to be a problem. Bucky is supposed to be

He has his duty to Steve, to the crown— which also means he needs to not go out of his bounds where any affections are concerned. How did he get here? A few days ago he had been wary of even calling Steve

and now here he is suppressing the urge to call him

instead? Bucky might not be losing time to the Soldier anymore, but it seems that life for him is still moving faster than he thought. 

Steve chuckles awkwardly at Bucky’s remark, though, so he must not be too enthusiastic about the thought of being taught to flirt either. Not that he needs it. He’s an odd duck, as Bucky has taken to calling him in his head, but that holds a charm of its own. He’s a good guy, just as Sam had promised. 

Hell, Bucky still isn’t sure of why Steve thinks he needs the Serum at all. He’s already got more than enough of most of the qualities the Serum is said to bring out. But, as Bucky was just thinking about— there are bounds, even among friends who aren’t knight and prince. Steve has his reasons for wanting the Serum, just like Bucky has his reasons for wanting redemption. The desire to be better than what you are is one that Bucky can understand. 

Luckily, he’s distracted from going too deep into those thoughts by Steve’s sheepish response, which comes with one of those ducks of his head that he always exhibited when embarrassed. “I’m not much for that kind of stuff, to be honest. Not my style.”

Bucky tries to remind himself, but the few sips of ale he’s taken apparently seek to get the better of his mouth. “Then what

your style, prince?”

Steve’s head comes back up slowly so that Steve can look at him. He’s clearly a little surprised at the forwardness. Bucky almost apologizes, but before he can, Steve is answering. “I guess I’ve just been waiting,” he says softly, softer than Bucky has ever heard him speak. “I’ve been waiting for a while.”

This time, it isn’t the ale that pushes Bucky to ask, but his own curiosity, “Waiting for what?”

He can see Steve’s throat flex when he swallows despite the fact that his spoon has come nowhere near his mouth in the last minute. “For the right partner, I suppose.”

Something warm simmers in Bucky’s stomach at the way Steve says that, and he knows it’s something other than the stew. No matter how good the taste of it is, it can’t compare to how savory the way Steve looks at him now is.

Bucky wishes that word would be wiped from existence, but maybe it’s a good thing that it isn’t, because with what Steve has just said… 

Steve is waiting for the right partner. That isn’t Bucky. How could it be after all the wrongs he’s committed? 

Bucky is no fool. He can tell that Steve wouldn’t say no if Bucky were to make the first move, not if the way they’ve been dancing around each other the past few days is anything to go off of. It’s cruel that that only makes Bucky even surer that he has to stand his ground— stand

from what they both want with each other. 

If things were different and Bucky hadn’t been forced to become the Soldier, maybe he could succumb to the urge he’s having right now and lean into where Steve has his elbow braced on the bar. Maybe he could even go as far as to kiss him.

Unfortunately, things aren’t different, but the two of them very much are. Steve is generous. He’s kind and strong and made of everything good, and Bucky might be strong too, but his strength comes from years of being made into a weapon and used against good people like Steve as something dangerous. He’s a liability. 

And Steve is not only a prince, but also one of the best men Bucky has ever met. That’s what makes it impossible for Bucky to shy away from what Steve says next. To

with his bounds and self restraint. 

“You ready to follow the crown prince into the jaws of death tomorrow?” Steve is looking at him through his lashes, head tilted like he’s asking a real question when he should already know damn well wherever he goes on this quest, Bucky will follow. “Or at least through the doors of Erskine’s lab,” he jokes, obviously trying to curb the exaggeration after seeing the strain Bucky can feel in his own expression.

That strain carries over to his voice when he finally finds it in himself to answer. “Hell, no,” he gets out hoarsely, shaking his head and trying to wash away the tension in his tone with a swig of ale that burns down his throat just as much as Steve’s eyes do while locked against his face. 

He’s waiting still, and this time, Bucky knows it’s for him. For the reassurance that Bucky understands he’s on this quest for reasons completely separate from his crown.

Bucky is one of the most lethal men in the land, but he can’t help feeling helpless with Steve looking at him so openly expectant, so goddamn

that when Steve tucks his hands in his lap and rocks forward on his stool, it’s all Bucky can do to keep from clasping them in his own, the amount of blood on them be damned.

“Hell, no,” he murmurs, fixing his eyes on his drink just so Steve won’t see the intensity of his next statement that surely lies behind them. “That little punk from the river who scared me half to death the other day— the same little punk who knocked me off my horse and finally took that damn helmet off my head for good.“ He gives Steve a sideways glance and a gentle smile now, gripping his glass in his hands so contrastingly hard it feels like it could crack just as easily as his nerves. “I’m following him.”

Steve keeps their gazes locked for a moment that somehow feels like a lifetime going by— and Bucky knows how that feels better than anyone. This is one he’s willing to watch, though, as long as he’s getting to share it with the blonde sitting beside him. 

It’s clear that Steve is at a loss for words with what Bucky’s just said, so in order to try and cover up for what could be the mistake he’s just made, Bucky opts to take the easy way out that he knows his old self used to favor. He lets out a line, accompanied with a crooked smile and a cocky lilt to his voice. 

“But you’ll have to show me that crown sometime.” He raises his glass to his lips with a slightly looser grip, still eyeing Steve as he takes a small sip. “It’s got sapphires in it, right?”

He only knows that because of the tapestry that hangs in the main hall depicting Sarah, Joseph, and a very tiny version of Steve completely with a comically large circlet placed on his head. 

Steve nods, so the tapestry must be accurate to real life, though Steve also huffs in a way that suggests he isn’t the biggest fan of his birthright accessory. “Rubies, too. I guess you were right about the whole red and blue color scheme.”

intentional.” Bucky knows he’s teasing now, and based off of his blush, Steve picks up on it too.

He ducks his head back down and presses his lips together like he’s trying to hold back a smile. “Well

it’s gonna be because you said something,” he says exasperatedly. “You’re the one who’s making me think about it so much.” He reaches over and lightly pushes Bucky in the shoulder while lifting his hand up to presumably resume eating his stew. “So if you think about it, really this is

Bucky laughs and picks his spoon back up, returning to his meal as well, glad that the conversation is helping him relax despite the tension that had settled between them during his bold statements. “I’m just trying to help you out, pal.”

“Says the guy whose wardrobe consists mostly of grey shirts and leather,” Steve shoots back, eyeing Bucky’s current attire with a pointed slurp of stew that makes Bucky feel oddly proud of getting Steve loose enough to exhibit such awful manners. “I think the most exciting thing I’ve seen you wear is the color brown.”

Bucky hums as he swallows down another sip of ale, wiping the foam out of his beard with the back of his hand. Yet again, his mouth gets the best of him before he can stop himself. “I don’t know, I think seeing me with my shirt

is pretty exciting, myself.” Steve raises his eyebrows, but doesn’t look over from where he’s now staring into the bottom of his bowl like it holds the secrets of the universe. Bucky hurries to steer the conversation back towards somewhere inside those

he keeps telling himself about. “I guess I could let you see me in armor sometime if you’re gonna let me see you wear your crown.”

There. Armor. Armor is safe to talk about. Considering what it’s primary purpose is, it’s pretty safe in general, if they’re being literal about it. Steve even looks to be a little excited at the prospect of seeing Bucky acting as a real knight, though after this quest, Bucky’s pretty sure that according to the rules, Steve will technically qualify for the title himself. He probably won’t take the position with how he was already

with the qualifications of being prince, but Bucky suspects that that might be the whole reason they’re on this quest to begin with. 

Steve always gets a little squirrely whenever his status or future role as king is brought up, which doesn’t exactly suggest he feels secure about deserving either of those things, which is a damn shame. If anyone was born to lead, it’s definitely Steve Rogers. He’ll be a great leader to the kingdom no matter what happens, even if he might need a few life lessons first. 

If nothing else, Bucky can at least help him with the ones that have to do with handling a sword. Which of course is something they’ll only get to after they finish their meals.

He reminds Steve of that plan without giving him a chance to respond to his earlier remark.

are what he reminds himself of. “You still want to go out back and train a little once we’re done with supper?”

Steve is much quicker to answer this time around. “Yes!” Then, softer and slightly embarrassed about his prior volume, “I just… Thank you for all this, Buck. Really. I know you said you don’t mind, but you helping me out really means a lot.” 

That tension has settled back between them, and Bucky is yet again helpless to how Steve is looking at him when he says that. He’s even more helpless when it comes to how he replies. “Of course, Stevie.” The nickname slips out before he can even notice he’s thinking it, and though Steve looks pleasantly surprised by its usage, Bucky still rushes on in an attempt to brush over what sort of affection he knows it suggests. “We’re companions, after all.”

“Still, I know you didn’t

to agree to come on this quest with me.” Steve’s eyes have dropped back down to the bottom of his bowl where he’s left with nothing but a few soggy carrot chunks to push around absently while he speaks. “I could have gotten by on my own, if you made me.”

When Bucky’s mouth starts moving, this time he’s fully in control of what he admits. “But the thing is, I didn’t,” he murmurs, turning to Steve and putting a hand on his shoulder. Touch isn’t normally a boundary he would cross over, but this is something that Steve needs to know no matter how much of his true feelings it requires Bucky to show. “And you don't have to, because…” Bucky licks his lips, trying to make sure the words are able to slip out before they dry out in his throat. “I’m with you ‘til the end of the line, pal.”

Steve gasps at that. That’s the only way to describe the sound that he lets out. It’s small; quiet. Barely noticeable, but that

is still enough for Bucky to pick up on. Steve is surprised by this information, the fact that Bucky is willing to go so far for him— to go so far

Bucky meant that vow outside the bounds of their quest, but then again, that’s their problem, isn’t it? Bounds, and how to stay within them. Or at least, that’s Bucky’s problem. He might not be under HYDRA’s power anymore, but he still has to control himself like any other person does. He’s not a prince. He has to keep himself in line, but even then, he knows what he’s just said is true. 

Wherever his line goes, he’ll be willing to stay with Steve until the end of it, whether it’s part of his duty to protect him or not. 

He has to tear his gaze away from Steve’s before it gets too intense, trying to soften his demeanor by scrubbing a hand over his beard as he pushes his now empty bowl away. “One last drink before we head outside?” he suggests, mostly for his own benefit. He needs a little something extra to help settle his nerves enough to put Steve at the end of his blade in good faith again. “On me, of course.”

He’s the one offering, and besides, he may as well pay for at least one thing on this trip. Steve is rich, but that doesn’t mean Bucky can’t make an effort to be polite. 

Steve gives him a lopsided grin. “Well, if you insist….” He pushes his glass towards Bucky, in clear need of a refill. “I could be convinced.”

“My Mama did always say I had a way with words,” Bucky drawls, grabbing the glass and standing to head down to the other end of the bar where the tap is located. “Must be why I like reading all those books.”

It only takes Bucky a few seconds to return to their place at the bar with both glasses now filled back up, but in the small window of time, Steve looks to have found a different sort of reading to occupy himself with. He has his map spread out on the flat surface in front of him and his eyes fixated on it like he hadn’t been staring at it half the day beforehand while they were still riding horses. 

Bucky can’t fault him for wanting to look at the results of his cartography project, though. It’s fine work that he had done to create it, and it’s proving to be very useful. Steve only affirms that thought with what he next points out on the paper as soon as Bucky sits down. 

“There’s a path through the woods here that I didn’t consider earlier,” he says, tapping the pad of his finger over top a squiggle that Bucky has to lean in to focus on. “If we take it tomorrow, it should move up our arrival at the laboratory by at least half an hour.”

Bucky has just opened his mouth to agree with this change in plan when it happens.

being something very unplanned— and ironically involving a separate arrival than the one they were just discussing. 

The only warning they get is the clearing of a throat and a hand that slams down a tankard on the other end of the countertop, and even then Bucky is the only one between them who realizes the full gravity of the situation when he looks up to see who has so rudely interrupted their impromptu planning session. 

He knows who that person is. For seven years, he saw that smug

face and was forced to listen to what it said during a stretch of time where his own face wasn’t allowed the freedom to even look at itself in a mirror. For seven years he stared into those cold eyes and wasn’t even allowed the brainpower to realize that his own reflected back something just as hollow. 

For seven goddamn years, Brock Rumlow handled the Winter Soldier like the weapon HYDRA always intended for him to become. And now, here they both are. Back together with Rumlow staring for the first time at the restored version of Bucky Barnes, standing as a free man from the far end of the bar. 

Seeing Rumlow again is like looking at a ghost, though Bucky knows that really,

been the one who has come closest to death. More than once, even. It’s just… some foolish part of him had hoped that he was done with this. That he could go somewhere without having the shadows of his past follow in any way other than what guilt still plagues his mind. 

If Rumlow is here, though, that isn’t a coincidence. It can’t be. 

Rumlow being here can only mean one thing: HYDRA wants something back. Whether that’s the helmet, the Soldier, or both, Bucky doesn’t know. But with Rumlow here, Bucky knows that he sure as hell is about to find out. 

However, if Steve can be spared the unpleasant experience that’s surely about to go down, Bucky is going to make sure that happens. Taking a gulp of his ale, he gingerly pats Steve on the shoulder as he pushes off his stool once more. 

“Give me a second, okay?” he mutters. “I got something to handle.”

Steve is a lot of things, but he’s not stupid. There’s no way he doesn’t know that Rumlow is the

Bucky is speaking of, even if he doesn’t know who Rumlow is to him exactly. And he doesn’t need to. Not yet. Bucky might tell him after, eventually, but for now—

Steve nods and begins folding his map back up. “I’ll wait here.”

Bucky squeezes his shoulder gratefully and gives him an apologetic look. “Thanks.” Steve shakes his head and tries to brush it off, but Bucky just squeezes him again and pauses to say one last thing before he lets go. “We’ll go out after. Promise.” This time, Steve nods and Bucky feels sure enough in his understanding to step away. 

He’s not sure of everything though. He takes in a deep breath and tries to control the exhale to keep it from coming out shaky as he begins to head towards the other end of the bar. 

Now to handle Rumlow. 

Once he’s face to face with the man, Bucky doesn’t bother asking what he’s here for. What does it really matter? Either way, he’s here to take something back, and if it’s the magic— Bucky doesn’t have it. That likely means Rumlow will just try to take him instead. 

There is one advantage to this situation. Rumlow only ever interacted with Bucky as the Soldier before. He has no idea what James Buchanan Barnes is capable of. Against the likes of Brock Rumlow, James Buchanan Barnes can do a hell of a lot more than just hold his own, even without dark magic involved. 

His tone lacks a magical aspect to it, but there is a darkness to the statement he opens their little confrontation with. “I’d say it’s nice to meet you as equals, Rumlow, but we both know

isn’t something you’re deserving of.” Spitting on the ground at the man’s feet is probably dramatic, but it feels fitting, so it’s what Bucky does. He spits out something else after. “And I’d say even I’m higher up than the type of scum you are.”

“You make one new acquaintance and suddenly you’re too good for all of your old buddies from before?” Rumlow’s sneer is even more irritating now that Bucky is fully aware of it. “You really know how to cut a man down, don’t you, Barnes?” He snorts like he’s just made a joke, but Bucky doesn’t find it funny even when Rumlow makes sure to clarify. “But I guess I should know that with how many times I’ve seen you— ah,

you to do it before.”

Bucky’s skin crawls at the coddling manner Rumlow speaks to him in, as if he’s a child and not a grown man that they molded into becoming their perfect assassin. His words come out just as icy as the discomfort makes him feel. “If you’re trying to make sure I’m still capable of doing damage, I assure you that a demonstration isn’t something you need to push me towards.”

“Who said anything about damage? I’m just here for a drink. Maybe you should invite your friend over? He looks a little lonely.” Rumlow’s eyes fix over Bucky’s shoulder where Steve is sitting behind him in the background. “Hey, big guy!” he calls, and that’s all it takes for Bucky to snap in the exact way Rumlow was probably waiting for. 

Bucky doesn’t care if he’s meeting some sort of fucked up set of expectations. Not when Rumlow is trying to get Steve involved— Steve isn’t just an innocent. He’s

innocent where Bucky is concerned, and hearing Rumlow even try to rope him into this mess makes something raw in Bucky rise to the surface, fierce and ferocious. 

“Stay the hell away from him,” he growls, shoving his hand against Rumlow’s chest to knock back the step he’s just tried to take forward. “I don’t know what the hell you want, Rumlow, but you’re not getting

from me. So tell Pierce, tell Sitwell, tell

of your snakes that if they don’t leave me alone, I’ll take away their choice in the matter.” He shoves Rumlow again, and this time it’s hard enough to make him stumble. “Just like all of you did to me. But guess what, Brock?”

Rumlow’s back is now pressed against the wall, but he still doesn’t have the sense to sound as scared as Bucky can see he is in his eyes. “What, Barnes?”

Bucky smiles, an expression he knows doesn’t meet his eyes either. “I’m not some half dead soldier lying in a field anymore,” he says lowly. “It’s gonna be a lot harder for you to take advantage of me this time, and let me tell you this.” He leans in, whispering his next words like they’re a secret solemn enough to die with in mind. “You try to come after me

my friend again? We’re not going down without a fight, and without magic on your side, I’d say we have a pretty good chance at winning.”

Rumlow doesn’t say anything, even when Bucky spits on the ground between his boots a second time, the moisture darkening both the wood of the floor and the leather of his shoes. Such an action is one of the worst signs of disrespect, and when it comes to Rumlow, Bucky means it with every inch of the soul HYDRA left him with. 

He takes his hand back from Rumlow’s chest, wiping it off with genuine disgust against the fabric of his pants before using it to point towards the door. “Get the fuck out of here,” he warns. “Run like the coward you are while you still can.” His lip curls up when Rumlow actually does begin backing away. “Because next time, I might not be so

He doesn’t think he would really hurt him without a real reason. He’s trying not to remain the killer they warped him into, but even if he can’t realistically push Rumlow off a cliff, he can still daydream about it. With all that Rumlow and his friends have done to him, a threat is the least that they deserve from Bucky Barnes, but that's the difference between Bucky Barnes and the Winter Soldier. 

Bucky Barnes chooses right, even when the logical part of him is completely capable of choosing wrong. The Winter Soldier was never allowed to even entertain that choice at all. 

But, where Bucky has changed from how HYDRA last had him, Rumlow hasn’t changed at all. Once a coward, always a coward— and

is exactly what he does on his way out the door. Bucky’s jaw tightens at the sight of it slamming shut behind him. He wants to be hopeful that Rumlow will stay gone, but Bucky should have known that sooner or later HYDRA would hunt him down. Whether he’s at the castle or on a quest, there’s no different. HYDRA lurks in every shadow. 

Luckily, there is one bright spot that Bucky is reminded of a moment later when a certain someone comes up behind him and rests a hand on his shoulder, the touch just as light as its giver makes Bucky feel. 

Sunshine does have the habit of chasing shadows away, and with how warm Steve’s smile is? He’s the closest thing to a human form of it that Bucky thinks anyone will ever encounter. Steve can’t get rid of all of Bucky’s anxieties, let alone his anger, but he does help calm some of it down enough for Bucky to clear his head a little. He still shakes it just to be sure that he’s feeling stable, but as soon as he’s steady again reaches his arm around Steve’s shoulders to brace his back in return. 

“I’m sorry that took so long,” he says, even though the whole encounter really only took about five minutes. He’ll have to explain at least some degree of it to Steve eventually, but that will have to wait until later, after Bucky figures out what to say— and more importantly after Bucky makes good on his promise of teaching Steve another lesson to go towards his training. “Shall we?”

This time when Bucky gestures towards the door, it’s in a much more calming fashion. Steve still looks a little worried about what he must have overheard, but for the time being seems to be willing to wait for an answer to his questions. 

He’s the one who squeezes Bucky’s shoulder now, gentle and grounding in a way that makes Bucky ache with appreciation for the gesture’s overwhelmingly kind intentions. “We shall.“

The days during which one is on a quest— or in the case of Bucky’s past, on a mission— should be expected to pass at an odd pace. That is to say that the past few days have felt very long, including the one that they’re just now beginning to wrap up. They aren’t long because they’re

or anything close to that. Bucky likes spending time with Steve so much that it’s probably unprofessional. 

It’s just that with all of the riding, reading, eating, sleeping, training, and talking— it can be a bit much. Life at the castle isn’t boring, but the experiences they’re having on this quest now that Steve has finally been taken out from behind its walls have been… eventful. Hell, Bucky isn’t even the main focus of the quest, and he still feels like being Steve’s companion has changed him on some level. That might be a good thing, though. Is this what the feeling of redemption entails?

Most of the things that have happened thus far on their journey have been enjoyable or at the very least educational. Bucky rather liked their afternoon spent at the river today, and not just for reasons that are purely physical. Like he said, spending time with Steve is nice, even when the time

involve him taking his close off. 

However, with what other things that happened today (those

being one run in with Brock Rumlow), Bucky does have to admit that he went into Steve’s second round of sword practice with more than a low level of apprehension bubbling up in the pit of his stomach. 

Seeing Brock had only made Bucky even more painfully aware of his past, and therefore even more terrified of the possibility that he might hurt one of the best people he’s met in his present. Calling Brock a coward had been one of the high points of his speech to send the man off, though, and doing so was not only incredibly satisfying, but helpful in making Bucky’s next move clear. 

Sure, he was still scared of hurting Steve, still filled with that same terror that he might somehow lose the control he’s still getting used to having back. But if he wants to get as far away from being the Winter Soldier as he can, Bucky has to keep one thing firmly in mind: Bucky Barnes is not a coward. 

He might not be the bravest man in the world either, but if Steve can come this far out of the castle without breaking down, Bucky can follow his example. He can keep his chin up and do what’s necessary, which in the case of tonight meant teaching Steve his promised lesson. 

Despite Bucky’s initial hesitation, it had actually gone even smoother than the one before. Steve is an apt student, and though Bucky had good naturedly blamed the amount of ale he consumed tonight in the moment, it was Steve’s skill more than Bucky’s previously necessary level of liquid courage that had resulted in Steve beating him in their first round of sparring. 

Steve is proving himself to be a quick learner. The skill he had exhibited to land Bucky with his back against the tree bark and a blade pointed at his nose wasn’t just impressive for a beginner. It was impressive in general, and Bucky had made sure to tell him so even if he had done so in a mockingly begrudging tone. 

Steve is still glowing from the compliment as they make their way out of the forest and towards the stable, grinning ear to ear in a way that would likely gleam even if Bucky weren’t holding up a lantern to guide their way through the dark. Since they had gotten a later start than yesterday on working with the swords, the sun had been down low enough when they first walked out for Bucky to grab one from the barn as a precaution. 

It was a good one, because right now Bucky doesn’t think he would even be able to see his own feet without it, but

it Bucky can even see as far as to know that Steve’s boots and his own are hitting the ground in tandem. It’s a small synchronization in timing, but makes him smile about as wide as Steve is. Bounds or no bounds, they make a good team, don’t they?

It’s a good end to a long day, Bucky thinks. 

Or, at least— it should be, but as most of Bucky’s life has gone during his late twenties, that

is quickly turned into an

a good end to the day or even an end at all when Brock Rumlow steps out of the shadows behind the stable door and into the flickering light of Bucky’s lamp. Unlike inside at the bar, he isn’t alone, but flanked on both sides by men Bucky has already had the misfortune of getting to know. 

He stops dead in his tracks, holding his hand out to the side to keep Steve from moving forward. He doesn’t really know what’s going on right now or what might be about to go down, but he does know that he doesn’t want Steve to get any closer. Not to these guys— or as Bucky had called Brock earlier,

All three of them are HYDRA agents, a knowledge that makes the sound of their names burn like poison as they come off Bucky’s tongue. 

“Rollins. Ward,” he says coldly. The hand not holding Steve back carefully sets the lantern down on the ground, and then as its owner straightens up slowly, grips tighter around the hilt of his still sheathed sword. No weapons have been drawn yet, but in the case that they are, he wants his to be one of the first. “Rumlow. I thought I told you to go?”

Rumlow, the smug bastard, has the audacity to smirk and scuff the heel of his boot against the dirt like he’s trying to play coy. “Just thought it might be nice for you to catch up with the rest of the guys. You know, since we already did some

It’s clear from the way that he says it that Rumlow considers himself the leader of this little search party. Bucky considers him a sorry excuse of a human being, but that’s something he thinks he’s already made pretty clear himself. 

But true to form, Rumlow isn’t much of a listener, so Bucky isn’t particularly shocked when the taunts just keep coming. 

“Forget about what I’m still doing here, Soldier. What are

doing here at all?” Now Rumlow throws his arm out as well, not in a protective gesture, but a wild one that’s an exact match to the laugh he lets out to precede his next statement. “I heard you and your precious boy-toy at the bar. Talking about

He laughs again, even louder.

Quests are for heroes! Is that what you think you are now?”

The genuine amount of incredulity in his voice suggests that Rumlow thinks such a thing is impossible, and though he logically knows it means nothing, Bucky can’t help the way that the remark digs in under his skin, just as sharp as the goddamn daggers they used to arm him with to take all of their targets down. 

Bucky doesn’t have a dagger now, but he does have his sword. He also has Steve, whose presence acts as a steadying weight by his side. 

Steve being here might honestly be the only thing keeping Bucky from committing one last atrocity against the men standing in front of them, though he does test the strength of that restraint by interjecting himself into their terse conversation. “What the hell do you want?” he demands. 

Bucky has to close his eyes for a second no matter how on edge he is about their surroundings. That’s one of the worst questions Steve could have asked, because the answer is one that Rumlow is enthusiastic to hand over. 

“Why, I want what Barnes owes us!”  he exclaims, so cheerfully that it borders on excitement. “He has a debt to pay.”

Now Rollins butts in on the conversation too. “You didn’t think that you could just walk away with our property, did you?” His teeth flash behind a grin, as wicked and gruesome as the insinuation of his words. “How did you think that you could walk away at all when

belong to us just as much as that helmet does?”

That digs in even deeper, because that’s just what it is. One of Bucky’s deepest, darkest fears— one that Steve has now been exposed to. There’s an expression of understanding dawning on his face as he begins to realize who these men are and how they fit in with the vague details he has of Bucky’s past with HYDRA. 

Rumlow picks up where Rollins left off, just as sharp in speech and even more aggressive in stance with how he takes a step forward that has Bucky’s hand tightening around the hilt of his sword even more. 

“But maybe we could come to an agreement,” he muses, and Bucky is sure it’s a mockery, but as Rumlow quickly reveals— maybe it isn’t. “Whatever you find at the laboratory you were talking about earlier, if you were to say… bring it back to us?” He gives Bucky a smile that’s even more ghoulish than Rollins’ was. “We might be able to forget about that pesky little helmet you cost us. Call it even. One last mission off the books as your repayment.”

It was bad enough when Rumlow made the claim that Bucky had a debt to them in the first place, but using the word

when what Bucky came on this quest looking for was

for what they made him do is an irony that’s too cruel for him to stand for. 

He angles his wrist up, ready to break the tension by drawing his weapon, but as it turns out— he doesn’t end up being the first. Neither does Rumlow. Instead, it’s Steve who pulls his sword out in a motion that’s fluid lightning fast, ending with him in the exact position Bucky had just spent yesterday evening drilling into his head. 

Bucky almost smiles at the sight of Steve’s new skills being displayed. He’s as steady as rock. Perfect stance. 

He’s even got the stony expression to match, as well as a voice that comes out harsher than Bucky has ever heard it. “He doesn’t owe any of you shit, and I’m pretty sure he’s getting tired of having to repeat this, so I’ll be the one to say it this time.” Now Steve is the one who takes a step forward, Bucky’s hand pressing against his stomach doing nothing to keep him back. “Get the fuck out of here and leave him alone.

It’s a bold thing to say, not to mention a brave thing as well. Bucky is impressed, but more than that— he’s touched. Steve trying to stand up for him despite the fact that he only has two days of training and a fumbled attempt on the battlefield under his belt? It’s more than a man like Bucky deserves, but it’s a fitting action for a man like Steve to take. 

But of course, since Brock Rumlow is barely a man at all, his response to Steve’s bravery is one not only of cowardice, but of violence. 

“Men,” he hisses, just as much venom in his tone as there is darkness. “

Bucky barely has time to draw his own sword before the fight he suspected was to come gets started, a three on one altercation that’s unfair with how Rumlow’s crew has them outnumbered, but then balanced back out by Bucky’s surpassing amount of skill. Steve helps too, of course, but there’s only so much he can do. 

Unlike Steve, Bucky knows these men’s fighting patterns, having been trained under the same instructors who taught them in the first place. He spent years by their sides, in their grips, under their thumbs— he 

them. But Steve, as natural of a fighter as he’s becoming, does not. As a result, Bucky unfortunately isn’t surprised when their skirmish reaches its peak with someone being wounded, and even more unfortunately, it’s just as he feared. 

It’s not much of an injury, to tell the truth. Just a quick slash on the forearm that draws more of a hiss from Steve’s mouth than it does blood from his body. His sword hand barely even falters since the cut is dealt to the opposite arm, but no matter how small or speedy the wound may be, it’s still enough to make Bucky see red. 

Red might be one of his favorite colors to see Steve wear, but seeing it come from under his skin is a completely different situation. One that warrants a reaction of rage that Bucky feels right down to his very bones. 

The rest of the fight after that point is a blur. All Bucky knows is that Steve keeps his sword swinging despite the slash, and the pride Bucky feels over that only has him fighting with his own even fiercer. The increased amount of determination ends up driving all three of their opponents back far enough for Bucky to be sure that they’re about to win, but that in turn makes him feel uncertain of how this fight is supposed to end. 

With death? Further injury? More threats made? Bucky Barnes isn’t supposed to be a killer, not even of his enemies. Not unless he has to be. 

For once, it looks like Rumlow is willing to give him a choice, because when he begins running towards the forest with Ward and Rollins in quick pursuit, it’s with all of their backs to Bucky’s sword. Bucky could go after him. He could stab or even throw his blade if he wanted. With the history he has, there are a million ways he could put these men in the ground, but now that he’s being given the opportunity… he finds he doesn’t want to. 

Not now. Not like this. If he does it this way, he’ll be no better than them or what they made him into during his time as their asset. He really will be a killer, and any hope of redemption he has will be over. 

It isn’t worth it. 

Or course he wants to stop them from ever hurting anyone else, and maybe one day soon when he has a better plan and a better chance, he will. But for now… he lets them run, and instead of going after them, he drops his sword on the ground and turns to check on Steve, and more importantly, his arm. 

“Did they get you anywhere else?” he asks roughly. 

Steve is still breathing heavily, chest heaving and face visibly sweaty in the lamplight. His bangs are stringing across his forehead, and he drops his sword as well to free up his uninjured arm so he can brush them away. 

“I’m okay,” he answers, and though it’s said a touch too quiet for Bucky’s liking, he can tell that Steve is still being honest. “It’s just a cut, Buck. Nothing serious. Promise.”

Even if that’s what Steve considers to be the truth, Bucky still has to close his eyes and take a deep breath before he can find it in himself to speak again. “We need to get inside where it’s safe,” he eventually says. Steve nods in easy agreement, but the sight of his blood still bubbling up from the wound leads Bucky to make an executive decision that he informs Steve of while picking up both their swords. “When we get in there, we’re going to the same room. Yours or mine, I don’t really care, but there is no way I’m letting either of us spend the night alone after what just happened. They could come back again.”

That possibility is unlikely to happen so soon, but still. Even if Bucky is being ridiculous, who can blame him? Steve is bleeding. He’s hurt, and it’s because of Bucky’s past coming back to haunt him. 

Steve blinks, but to Bucky’s surprise doesn’t protest like he’d assumed his usual stubbornness would cause him to. “Okay.”

That’s all he says. That surprises Bucky too. There’s so much else

say right now, but as stubborn as Steve is, he did also say that he’s no stranger to waiting, which is what Bucky supplies is happening here. There’ll be time for questions when they’re inside behind a locked door and closed windows.

In the meantime, he takes another deep breath that comes out shaky on the exhale. He tries to keep his voice steady anyways. “Alright, pal. Let’s go get you patched up.”

Talk about an eventful day. 

As it turns out, the day's events continue on even after the both of them get situated in the room Steve had bought himself for the night. 

Bucky was telling the truth when he said he didn’t care which one they settled on and Steve had expressed some desire to look over his books before bed, so to his room they went. Even if Steve weren’t still bleeding, Bucky would have had to say

. It’s clear that Steve is stressing over finally finding the lab (and maybe even the Serum) tomorrow, and if reading helps calm him down from the stress and the slash, who is Bucky to say no?

He does have to leave Steve alone in the room briefly in order to go fetch his things from his own, but it only takes a minute. He would feel bad about Steve wasting his money on a room they aren't using if Steve weren’t royalty, but as a prince, he has access to more than enough riches. 

Besides, financial strain is the last of Bucky’s worries at the moment. Their safety— and more importantly

has been compromised. Rumlow and his companions running away will last for a little while, Bucky knows, but he doesn’t know how long they’ll wait before trying to return. They will, though. That much he’s sure of. 

The funny thing is, he doesn’t even know what happened to his helmet. Whatever Sarah has done with it is not within his knowledge, but even upon first meeting her, he trusted her to keep it somewhere where no one would ever be hurt by it again, and after getting to know her son he trusts her even more. The love Steve has for her is so strong that it’s impossible for her not to be a good woman, and everyone in her kingdom believes her to be a good queen. 

Bucky can only hope that the helmet has been destroyed, but whatever Sarah did decide to do with it, he knows that HYDRA will never get their hands on it again. Unfortunately, there’s no way to let Rumlow know that without putting them in even more danger, but that’s something Bucky is going to have to worry about later. Tomorrow, even. 

Sharing a room is just a precaution, really. Bucky doesn’t think even Rumlow is stupid enough to try anything else tonight, which means his focus can be taken off that worry for now. Of course, the worry doesn’t disappear so much as get shifted to a different subject.

being Steve’s injured arm. 

Currently, Steve is making use of his other arm to light some of the candles that are lying around, casting the room in a warm glow that becomes even more concentrated when Bucky closes both the windows and their shutters so that the darkness outside is completely cut off. Call him paranoid, but if any of Rumlow’s men are still lurking about, Bucky doesn’t want them looking inside. 

Steve’s quarters are similar to what Bucky’s own setup was like— a comfortably sized room with a small table in the center of it, two chairs, and a bed about as large as the one Bucky had been provided at the castle nestled up against the far wall. Not too luxurious compared to the standards Steve is probably used to, but not too shabby either. 

It’ll do well enough. The table and chairs will even be useful for what Bucky has in mind. He pulls out one of the chairs and points at it where Steve can see, They may as well get started now.

Steve isn’t moving yet, just standing there with his brow furrowed and left arm curled up against his stomach. Bucky sighs and taps the back of the chair to clarify. “Sit,” he says gruffly. “We should get your arm taken care of while the wound’s still fresh.”

“I can take care of it myself,” Steve tells him, but even as he’s saying it he’s sliding down into the seat Bucky has pointed out. “This isn’t my first time being hurt, Buck. It’s not a big deal.”

Bucky presses his lips together where he’s turned to rummage through his pack. He doesn’t answer Steve until he’s turning back around with his intended prize in hand— a bundle of bandages and a healing ointment Dernier had given him along with his armor and sword.

he had called it. Steve might not be a knight at this point, but he does need to be healed. 

Which is exactly why Bucky’s response is so terse. “Well, this is your first time getting hurt while I’m around.” 

Because I’m around.

He doesn’t let that second statement slip out verbally, not when he knows that it would come out saturated in a sort of grief he’s been containing ever since waking up at the castle. 

“Humor me, pal,” he says instead. “Just… let me take care of it, okay?” 

If Steve were anyone else, Bucky would be writing off his need to do this as residual brotherly instincts, but he knows damn well by now that his feelings towards Steve are about the furthest thing from familial. Now isn’t the moment to admit that aloud, though. After what just happened, Bucky doesn’t really think that a moment like that will ever come. 

Not as long as being by his side puts Steve’s life at stake. 

Steve must pick up on at least some degree of Bucky’s guilty feelings, because he sighs and holds his arm out without protest when Bucky pulls up the second chair to the side of the table adjacent to his own seat. “I really am okay,” he makes sure to repeat. “But if you feel the need to go all mother hen on me…” Now his sigh comes out very clearly exaggerated, and Bucky’s pretty sure it’s meant to be for his benefit in an attempt to lighten the mood. “I guess I can deal with it.”

The tension in him only eases up slightly, but Bucky appreciates the gesture so he huffs and tries to sound more cheerful anyways. “I don’t have much experience with mothering, but if you believe in learning by example, I learned from the best.” Bucky tears off a thinner strip of bandage with his teeth. “My ma wasn’t a healer by any means, but she did raise four healthy kids, so that has to count for something.”

Bucky isn't really sure why he’s chosen to tell Steve about any of this now, but he is telling the truth about Winifred. With the amount of scraped knees and runny noses she had fixed up over the years, she may as well have been said to have her own kind of magic about herself. She had even popped Bucky’s pa’s arm back into his shoulder once after an accident he’d had on the farm. Bucky still isn’t sure how she had done it, but George had sworn she was a miracle worker after. 

He doesn’t tell Steve the specifics of that story, but it looks like Steve has gotten the message of what he means based off of his smile. It doesn’t slip even when Bucky reaches for the pitcher of water provided in every room by the inn staff and soaks a different strip of bandage in it to begin wiping the blood off of his arm. 

Steve just watched him work, wincing slightly at the sting of initial contact but other than that remains almost completely still and scarily calm. Bucky finds out why pretty soon. “When I was a kid, I was pretty sick a lot of the time.”

Nodding, Bucky next reaches for the pitcher to wet another cloth that he uses to clean his hands. “You said before.” Now Steve nods too, head bobbing a little absentmindedly as he continues. “It meant I was in bed a lot, so on the days I was able to move, I definitely tried to make up for it by running around as much as possible.” He snorts at himself, most likely thinking of a memory that Bucky doesn’t interrupt to ask about. “Ma used to say I ricocheted off the walls, which probably would explain why I was covered in bruises half the time. She hated it. Seeing me hurt, I mean, even if it was just little stuff.”Bucky smiles, small and somewhat melancholy. “All mothers do.” His hand, still damp, grabs the ointment and pauses once the pot is curled into his palm. His mouth keeps moving before he can even think about stopping it. “It’s what happens when they love you.”

He would be embarrassed about letting the wistful sound of that slip, but apparently Steve isn’t in total control of his words either. “I think that’s what happens when anyone does.”

Bucky almost drops the pot, right as he’s scooping his first two fingers in. The ointment actually smells very pleasant, a little like vanilla and something else Bucky can’t place, but somehow when he freezes, the sharp inhale he takes makes him feel like he’s about to suffocate. Is Steve trying to suggest what Bucky thinks he is?

He’s quiet for so long while he dwells on the implications that Steve is the one to next speak again, sounding hesitant and almost even hurt at Bucky’s silence. “Or, you know, any kind human being. I guess it’s normal to not want people to be in pain.” 

That’s objectively true. It’s just not

truth in this particular situation. Of course he cares for Steve more than out of courtesy, but there's nothing Bucky can think to say in good faith other than, “Are you in pain right now?” 

His fingers hover above Steve’s slash mark, ready to rub the ointment around the area but not wanting to before Steve says it’s okay. Bucky doesn’t want to be the one to hurt him. Not anymore than he already has tonight. 

Steve shakes his head, but it’s slow and with his shoulders hunched in further than they were before Bucky’s stretch of silence. “I’m fine.” His voice has shrunk in size as well. “Nothing I’m not used to already.”

Bucky doesn’t think they’re strictly talking about his injury anymore, but yet again, there’s nothing else he can think to say that wouldn’t break those boundaries he’s made a point in his mind of setting in place for Steve’s protection as well as his own redemption. 

Eventually, he lowers his fingers down to press against Steve’s skin, massaging the smooth area around the cut marring it before circling into where the ointment will be put to work for its intended healing purposes. “This is going to sting a little,” he murmurs apologetically. “I’m sorry. I’ll try not to make it hurt any more than it has to.”

He isn’t just talking about the physical injury anymore either. He knows it. He’s not sure, but he thinks that Steve might too. Then again, there are so many

flying through his brain right now that it’s hard to concentrate on what his hands are doing, let alone what his heart is. 

He does keep his word when it comes to being careful with rubbing the ointment in, and before too long he’s pulling his fingers away to grab the thin strip of bandage that he’d prepared earlier. The slash really isn’t that serious and probably will only result in a light scar in the long run, but Steve should definitely keep it covered for at least a couple of days to prevent infection and further pain. 

Bucky tells him as much, even though he knows Steve has been through this spiel before. Many times, according to his earlier remarks. “If you sleep on your side normally, I wouldn’t tonight. You don’t want to put pressure on it or make it sore.” He smiles slightly as he wipes his fingers off on the cloth he had used to clean them off before. “Especially not when we have such a big day tomorrow.”

“Oh, god, don’t remind me,” Steve groans, slumping down in his seat. Evidently he’s willing to set the awkwardness they’d just fallen into on the backburner. Bucky is

going to complain about that, even if he does wish it could be resolved. “I’m not sure I’ll be sleeping tonight at all.”

Bucky laughs and then stands to put the items he can back in his pack. “You

to sleep. We can’t have you falling off your horse on the biggest day of your quest just because you’re tired.”

Groaning again, Steve tilts his head back and stares up at the ceiling with a contemplating look on his face. “I’m really not sure I’m gonna be able to, Buck,” he exhales. “Honestly. You may as well take the bed for yourself.”

what this is about? Bucky doesn’t doubt that there is some truth to Steve’s trouble with the thought of sleep, but it’s also becoming fairly obvious that he has more than one reason to try and stay up. He’s trying to give his bed away, the selfless bastard. Who ever heard of a prince doing such a thing?

You’re an odd duck, Steve Rogers,

Bucky thinks. He doesn’t say that out loud, though it does make him roll his eyes before he actually does speak. “If you think I’m going to let my

companion sit in a chair the entire night while I sleep comfortably on his bed, you’re crazy.” He points to the mattress the same as he had done with the chair before. “You’re going to rest.”

He throws as much order into his tone as he thinks he can get away with, which must work at least in part, because Steve responds with a huff and a glare even as he gets up from his chair. “Fine,” he says, and Bucky would think that he’s truly agreeing if it weren’t for the stubbornness radiating off of him like the flame of one of the candles still burning on the table. “But if I’m resting, so are you. We can share.”

Huh. An ultimatum. Bucky didn’t see that coming, but then again, this is the first time he’s ever truly seen Steve try and execute his…

to convince Bucky of doing something. He should have known the only time Steve would do such a thing is when he’s trying to be his usual self sacrificing self. Bucky probably shouldn’t find it so endearing if he’s trying to stay within his bounds, but he does. 

He has to try hard to not let the resulting fondness slip. “You don’t have to do that.”

It’s Steve’s turn to roll his eyes now. “And you haven’t

to do anything that you’ve done these past few days, but here you are helping me out anyways,” he fires back. “The bed’s not gonna break if we’re both on it, Buck, so would you just get a move on?”

As motivations go, Steve making that face at him is a pretty good one. Despite what he’s just said about not being sleepy, he does look a little tired when Bucky actually makes eye contact with him. It’s been a long day for both of them, and the last way Bucky wants to end it is with an argument, so he only hesitates for a second longer before finally giving in. It’s not like he’s keen on sleeping on the floor anyways. 

“Okay,” he says with a heavy sigh that has Steve giving him a side eye even now that he’s gotten his way. Bucky snorts and throws up his hands as he bends down to grab his pack. “

Calm your britches, pal.”

Steve is smiling a little, so Bucky knows he isn’t being serious when he shoots back another snarky reply. “I believe that it should be calm your britches,

Bucky is the one behind the side eye that gets thrown out this time. If Steve wants to act like a punk, Bucky can be a jerk right back. “Fine.” He shrugs and decides to give Steve exactly what he wants, even if that

only comes in a joking capacity.  “Calm your britches,

He quicks an eyebrow, straightening up with his sleep shirt now in hand. “But if we’re using official titles, I believe I’m supposed to be

Barnes to you. Right, your highness?”

Bucky turns around before he gets an actual answer to that question, stripping out of his day clothes and switching them out for those he has designated for night. Normally, he doesn’t wear anything to bed at all, but with Steve supposed to sleep right next to him, he sort of has to. Steve has technically already seen him unclothed twice before, but those were under different circumstances and in a different setting. 

Bucky is supposed to be staying within his bounds, not making them both uncomfortable with something so close to what he can’t allow himself to have. 

Counterproductive to his thoughts, he sees when he turns back that Steve already looks uncomfortable, or at least a little red cheeked. He’s sitting up now with what must be his own sleep shirt twisted between his hands in his lap. 

“Whatever you say, Sir Barnes,” he mutters, head ducking down while he works on following Bucky’s lead to change into more comfortable clothes for sleep.

Frowning, Bucky works on taking his belt off, turning to lay it and his sword down on the table in order to give Steve a little privacy. He’s not sure what the problem is, but maybe a little space will solve it. Come to think of it, he should probably be checking both of their swords while he can, whatnot with the task they’ll be taking on tomorrow, not to mention Rumlow on the loose somewhere most likely still around them.

Steve’s sword has been propped up on the wall furthest from the one the bed is pressed up against— which is frankly horrible weapon etiquette, but Bucky will let it slide until he can give him another lesson. For now, he grabs it after slipping out of his pants— his underpants will have to do to sleep on— and lays it across the table as well, both points facing towards the door so that he’s in no danger of getting stabbed when he bends back down to rummage around in his pack for a polishing cloth. 

He doesn’t think either of their swords will

maintenance, but similarly as with his armor, Bucky takes pride in taking good care of the items he’s been entrusted with by the palace. Maybe that’s why he cares so much about protecting Steve? Bucky shakes his head at himself for even thinking that. Steve isn’t an item. He’s Bucky’s friends, even with those damn bounds in mind. 

It's an easy rhythm for him to fall into after sitting down and balancing one of the blades flat across his lap, careful not to press the edges of it too hard into his legs. The swiping of the cloth across metal is smooth, and watching the way the shadow of his hand makes the light shift across it is almost soothing, in a way. Bucky hates losing time— for obvious reasons— but if he had an exception to that, it would probably be this. 

Taking care of things he’s entrusted with is relaxing. It's always been that way for him, but his experiences with HYDRA have definitely made the relief he gets from it even stronger— so strong that by the time he next looks up, he can tell that a significant amount of time has passed thanks to how low down their candles have burned. 

He blinks and pauses his efforts with wiping down Steve’s blade to instead push his hair back from his face. Speaking of Steve, why hasn’t he said anything in so long?

It only takes a glance towards the bed for Bucky to figure out what has such a steady grip on Steve!’s attention. He should have guessed. Of course it’s another one of his damn books. Just like Steve had said earlier, he’s trying to study up on everything he can before they finally make their way to the laboratory tomorrow. 

He’s in his sleep clothes now, but not yet under the covers, most likely because he’s too busy balancing the cover of his book on his bent up thighs to bother with a blanket. His brow is furrowed down far enough as he concentrates for there to be a dent between them, and as ridiculous as it is, Bucky has the urge to go over to him and smooth it out with his thumb.

He has enough restraint to not do anything that ridiculous, though, so he settles instead on clearing his throat to get Steve’s attention. He’s almost done cleaning, anyways, so he may as well let Steve know he’s about to join him on the bed. “I should be over in a minute. You want me to bring one of the candles to the nightstand? Should probably blow the rest of them out.”

“Oh, that’d be nice.” Steve looks a little lost when he first flits his eyes away from his current page, but when he settles on Bucky’s face he smiles gratefully. “Thanks.”

They both seem much calmer now. The fight with Rumlow and his crew would be nothing but a distant memory if it weren’t for that bandage on Steve’s arm and the bad feeling resulting from it still beating at the back of Bucky’s mind. He’s been trying to snuff it out completely ever since they got inside, but the only successful attempt he carries that action out with is when it comes to the candles, the tallest of which he makes sure to keep lit for Steve as promised. 

He has it in hand when he approaches, gently setting the saucer it sits on on the small stand set up next to the bed. Steve has scooted over, seemingly having settled on sleeping closest to the wall without Bucky being involved— which is fine by him. He’s most comfortable sleeping closest to the door, so if Steve hadn’t moved of his own volition, Bucky was going to ask him to anyways. 

But, like with so many other things, the two of them fit together even without having to communicate things out loud. Bucky tries to snuff out how that makes him feel as well, but it’s hard to put his heart into the effort when he can feel Steve’s body heat still soaking the spot on the mattress over which he’s now laying. It’s so hard that he finds himself almost unconsciously shifting against it— not in a creepy way. Just trying to get settled.

Steve glances up almost as soon as he starts doing it, though, so the motion must have disrupted him more than it settled Bucky. “You okay?”

What a question. It’s kind of Steve to ask, definitely not something unexpected, but… what a question. “I’m fine,” he eventually says, staring down at his hands where he has them clasping one of his knees. “It’s just been a long day. For both of us, I think.” He supposes it’s better to go with honesty over anything.

Steve’s quiet for a moment, and when Bucky glances over he finds that Steve is no longer staring at his book, but at Bucky’s hands as well. Bucky’s not sure the focus is intentional, but even if it isn’t, his next question definitely is. “You wanna talk about what happened earlier?”

Again: what a question. 

The thing is, the Bucky that Bucky Barnes was before the war was excellent at talking. It was one of his favorite things to do, just as much of a hobby as dancing or hunting or flirting was for a guy like him. He was good at it, good enough for that to be one of the things that everyone remembered were his name to come up in someone else’s conversation. 

Now, he’s not sure he’s able to talk anymore, especially about something like this, that’s serious and dark and more than a little dangerous. The closest thing he’s come to

thus far into his newfound freedom is the recap he’d done with Queen Sarah right after his arrival at the castle. Even that had been the bare minimum of a confession of what had happened with HYDRA. what HYDRA had done

Rumlow had been involved in all of that, of course, but it had never been necessary for Bucky to mention him by name. But after what happened today, what Rumlow put Bucky

Steve through… now he’s involved with Steve, too. Doesn’t Bucky owe him honesty when it comes to this as well?

to talk about it is the word I’d use,” he murmurs after an almost minute long pause during which Steve quietly closes his book. “But I do want you to understand why and how you were put into that situation.” Even though it wasn’t by Bucky himself— not directly, in any case— the words still come out rather guiltily, and Steve clearly notices, but Bucky goes on before he can launch into a self righteous interruption about the fact that Bucky was on his side and present in the situation as well. “That man, the one who came up to me at the bar and then to both of us outside? His name is Rumlow.” Bucky has to close his eyes now. “Brock Rumlow. His friends were Ward and Rollins, I think. I don’t know their first names.”

Steve does end up making a very small interruption after all. “They were…” It takes him another try to get the full question out. Bucky can’t blame him. This is a pretty fear inspiring topic. “They were HYDRA?”

Bucky jerks out a nod, eyes still closed. “All three of them were, and after today, I’d say definitely still are. They weren’t the highest up on the food chain even when I was there, but…” And now Bucky has to take a deep breath. This is where they really start to get into it. “They were high up enough to be my handlers. Rumlow more than the others, but I was a pretty big project to take on, so more than one person was designated to take on the responsibility.”

He’s aware that there’s a sort of detachment making its way into his tone the further that he goes on, but now that he’s started, he can’t stop. He just can’t, but at the same time, he’s also not sure of how to go on until he feels a warm hand drop onto his knee, right next to where his own fingers are still holding on for what feels like dear life. 

It’s Steve, of course. Was that why he was staring at Bucky’s hand earlier? Because he was wanting to offer out his own to Bucky to take? 

Fuck bounds or whatever the hell else Bucky has been telling himself. For now, Bucky needs all the support he can get. He takes Steve’s hand, placing his on top and lacing his fingers through the slot of where Steve’s is lying face down, the back of his hand pressing against Bucky’s palm in a backwards sort of hold. 

Steve squeezes without saying anything. Bucky squeezes back, but afterwards, his mouth finally finds the motivation to keep moving even as his heart feels like it’s about to stop. “They ran maintenance on me, made sure I was given meals, kept my hair from getting matted, that sort of stuff.” He huffs, but he’s feeling far from humorous. “It was mostly grunt work, to be honest. Really, the only important thing they were tasked with was making sure the mask stayed on.” He laughs for real this time, but it only comes out even more painfully bitter. “They did a good job with that, actually. Damn thing hardly ever came off until the day we met.”

There’s another gentle squeeze given to Bucky’s fingertips from below, and Bucky isn’t yet brave enough to look Steve in the eye while he’s still trying to get all this out, but he can feel that Steve’s gaze is already fixed on his face. 

He’s not staring so much as watching, which means he still finds Bucky bearable to look at and touch. That in and of itself gives him the strength he needs to keep pushing forward. “I can’t give you an exact explanation as to how they found us, but I do know that HYDRA is a very powerful organization, and I was….” He swallows and corrects himself. “The Winter Soldier was their most powerful weapon. Whether they want me back or not, I know they want the mask, and if they can’t have that… you’ve heard the saying that all magic comes with a cost?” Steve nods slowly, and Bucky lets out a slow breath. “With HYDRA, everything is an eye for an eye. I cost them some very powerful magic. They’re going to want to get it back somehow.”

“They know about the lab.” When Steve points that out, he does so plainly but not unkindly, after a brief pause during which Bucky tries to release some of his anxious energy by beginning to stroke the skin of Steve’s hand with his thumb. “Do you think they’re going to try and come after us tomorrow?”

It’s a valid concern, and unfortunately one Bucky doesn’t have an answer to. “I don’t know. I’m sorry, Steve, but I just don’t know.” Bucky presses his lips together into a thin line and shakes his head. “I know how important this quest is to you, and I’m so incredibly sorry that they might try and ruin things this close to the end, but if it comes down to it? I won’t let them.” He finally looks at Steve again during his final statement, dead in the eye just to seal in the seriousness of what he’s about to say. “I promise that if it comes down to us versus them, you will

No matter what it takes

. Bucky doesn’t say that out loud. He knows Steve would inevitably protest against it as if he wouldn’t make the same sort of sacrifice were he in Bucky’s position. Hey, no one ever said being stubborn and self sacrificial was something that made sense. 

Steve isn’t protesting anything Bucky has just laid on him at the moment, though he does look a bit overwhelmed at all of the information he’s just been presented with, which is fair. Bucky knows it’s a lot. He was the one who lived through it, after all. Steve actually only ends up managing to say a single word. “Buck…” 

Bucky is quick to pick the slack up before Steve can try and tell him something stupid and predictable like

you don’t have to do that

I can look out for myself

. “For the record, I don't think you need the Serum to be a good leader. But if it’s what you want still, we’ve come this far. I’m not going to let you go home without it.”

“But I don’t want to go home without

, either,” Steve whispers.

It looks like Bucky isn’t the only one making himself vulnerable tonight. Somehow that makes it easier for him to accept what Steve has just admitted as the truth.

he’s getting in deep. Over his head, even. But how could he ever want to get out when Steve is looking at him like that?

Suddenly, Bucky is very aware of just how mundane the way their current positioning feels. In bed next to each other with nothing but a single candle lighting the room, both of their hands clasped together on Bucky’s knee while they’re dressed for sleep. It’s dumb, but the domesticity of it makes Bucky wonder what life would have been like if he and Steve were

born commoners and he had never been forced to go off to war. 

Is this what he could have had? 

Is this what he can still have now?

The automatic answer his mind jumps to is an automatic

, and yet, his heart does its own jump in his chest that Bucky knows is a result of the thing his Ma always told him was most important to have: hope. He hopes, no matter how dumb it is. No matter how many damn boundaries his brain is screaming at him to keep set up. 

He has to close his eyes again just to get the tremor in his voice under control. “I don’t know that I’ve had a home in a long time,” he says roughly, his words still a bit broken up with how regretful he is over that being his truth. He hasn’t had a home. He doesn’t even know if he has any living family left. “But I will do my best not to make you have to go back to yours alone.”

“It can be yours, too, if you want it,” Steve tells him, still in that same wide open whisper that makes Bucky’s heart do another jump— because of course he wants it. He wants

even. That’s half the problem. 

He can only think to go with the obvious response. It’s still an honest one, at least. “Thank you, Steve.” That gets him another gentle squeeze, a soft gesture that has him opening his eyes up and looking at Steve with as much sincerity as he can, because he needs him to understand that— “I’m sorry about your arm. About everything tonight.”

“Don’t be,” Steve says immediately. It’s another ultimatum, this one firmer than the last. “Not everything that happened tonight was

, Buck. Some of it… some of it was good.” His head ducks down in that way that Bucky is growing so fond of. “I like spending time with you, you know?”

“I know.” Bucky is the one who squeezes this time, Steve’s hand gone pliant under his own in a silent attempt to express that he feels the same. Steve smiles at him after, so the message must have been successfully communicated. “That’s what companions are for.”

Steve’s smile gets wider, and if Bucky isn’t mistaken, a bit more hopeful. “Friends, too.”

Bucky huffs, breaking out into a small smile of his own, which almost feels like a miracle. The fact that he can still find it in himself to smile after what he’s just gotten out? After what he’s gone through? “Of course,” he murmurs. They’re friends above everything else, after all, no matter what else either of them might feel on top of. 

In this moment, it would be easy to forget that, though. Now that the hard part of the conversation is over, it feels like they’re slipping into something more… charged, which Bucky tries to get control over before he does something stupid or takes things too far. Now would be the perfect moment to kiss him, though. Just a few inches closer, and their lips could touch. That’s a hard thought to shake off, but Bucky is used to difficult things, so he does it. 

“Speaking of your arm, how does it feel?”

Steve blinks and breaks their eye contact, as well as the sort of spell he seems to have fallen under during their brief staring match. He looks down at his bandage and holds it out, twisting his elbow around as if to test that he can still do it. “It still stings a little if I move it too much, but I think that’s just because it’s still closing up. I don’t think it’ll be too much of a problem until I try and sleep, though.” He winces, but Bucky can tell it isn’t out of pain. “I usually sleep on my side, so I’ll probably roll over on it at some point tonight.”

Luckily, that’s one problem Bucky thinks he can fix pretty fast. He’s regretful to let go of Steve’s hand, but has to in order to get what he wants from his bag, leaning down from the bed to pull it closer and then pull his intended item out of one of the side pouches. 

He hands it to Steve once he’s leaned back against the pillows. “Here.” While Steve stares down at the silver fox pelt he’s now holding, Bucky shrugs hopefully where the other man can see out of the side of his periphery. “I know it won’t help with the pressure that much, but at least what you’re lying on will be somewhat softer.” 

Steve runs his fingers over the fur to test out the promised softness, apparently liking what he finds based off of the hum he lets out in response. “Is this yours?” He sounds curious. 

Bucky shakes his head. “It’s only mine because one of the other knights gave it to me. Said I should line one of my cloaks with it to prepare for cold weather. I just haven’t gotten around to it yet.” He stares at the pelt even when Steve shifts and turns his half of the covers down to spread it under where he’ll be laying. “I haven’t hunted since the last time I went with my father.”

As hard as telling Steve about Rumlow was, somehow even the mere mention of George Barnes is just as hard. But similarly to before, once Bucky gets started, he can’t stop. 

“The first time he took me was when I was ten, I think. We went into the forest right outside my village.” He chuckles and tosses his head back against the pillows to stare at the ceiling as his mind goes back to the memory. “I don’t think I even caught anything other than a squirrel, but my sisters were waiting outside the house when we got back so excited to see what their big brother bought them that my father took pity on me and let me take credit for hitting the buck he caught. Needless to say, the girls were impressed.”

Steve snorts at the bit about Bucky’s squirrel, slumping back against the pillows as well so that their heads are lying a little closer. “They looked up to you, I bet.”

Bucky hums and lets his next breath come out slower. “All younger siblings do. I never told them the truth about that buck, though.” He laughs, and this time actually means it. “Come to think of it, that’s probably why Becca was so mad that our Pa wouldn’t let her go on her own hunting trip when she turned that age.”

“What, because it wasn’t

?” Steve’s eyes are narrowed, and Bucky knows he’s thinking of what his Ma would say. Bucky knows, because his Ma would say the same thing. 

He shakes his head. “No, because her aim with a bow was

Believe me, she would have taken our father’s eye out before she hit an animal.

Steve laughs at the joke now too, but he also gives Bucky a sly smile that’s followed by an equally sly remark. “Says the guy who only managed to hit a squirrel his first time.”

Bucky gives him a side eye in return. “How about I take you out to the targets when we get back to the castle and see how well

“Deal, but if I lose, I’m gonna have Sam send down one of his birds to peck you.” Steve reaches over suddenly and pats him on the chest. “It’s treason to shoot any of the royal animals, so don't even think about it.”

Bucky is surprised by the touch, but not adverse to it. Steve looks a little embarrassed at it himself, but not embarrassed enough to move any further away. “Wouldn’t dream of it, your Highness,” he says with the most charming smile he can muster.

The charm is effective enough to get Steve to blush, though the color isn’t very visible in the candlelight, so Bucky is tipped off less by the tint of his cheeks and more the tilt of his chin as Steve tips his head towards him. “Can’t dream of anything at all if we don’t try and get some sleep,” he murmurs. “But… before we do…”

He’s hesitating, so Bucky gives him a gentle nudge forward. “What?”

“You wanna finish looking over my book with me?” Steve rushes the question out, and it’s only now made obvious to Bucky just how important sharing his books is to him. “I only have a little more to go over, so you don’t have to if you don’t want to.”

Well, Bucky can’t have Steve taking the offer back for his benefit. That would just be cruel even if Bucky didn’t want to share this with him, but he does, so he tells him that. “I’d like that.” He’s the one that pats Steve’s chest now, just to watch the way it gets his chin to tilt down even lower. “I can hold it up, if you want. Don’t want your arm to be too sore tomorrow.”

“I’m not gonna keel over just from one cut,” Steve groans, expression exasperated even as he hands the book over after cracking it open to the page Bucky presumes is the one he wants them to start on. “But if I nod off sometime during this, don’t take it personally.”

Him saying that must mean his nerves have settled down somewhat if he's feeling like he’ll be able to fall asleep by accident. That’s a good sign, especially since Bucky himself is feeling sort of tired. A person’s past coming back to haunt them will do that to anyone, he supposes. They have a lock on the door and shutters on the windows, so they should at least be safe through the night, and there’s just no telling what might happen tomorrow. 

The most they can do for now is try and be prepared, which is what Bucky guesses the book is for. With that thought in mind, he bends up the knee closest to Steve’s own and props the book cover on it as they both begin to read silently to themselves, going at their own individual paces but still stopping to point out possibly important sentences and discussing details along the way. 

Bucky does actually learn a few things about the laboratory and its location that he didn’t know about before. Having read one of Steve’s other books, he’s already pretty well versed on the Serum itself, but its creator and his other works are a different matter. 

Apparently Erskine was more of an alchemist than a true sorcerer, though most of his projects did include the component of magic, such as the Serum and a few other types of metal that he invented, or at least took samples of from other locations to add to his collection. Apparently he had an assistant— Stark— who was known for his travels around to accumulate such items. 

Sort of like HYDRA, but mostly not. It’s an intrusive thought, but Bucky briefly wonders if his mask was made of a similar material or if he’ll see anything lying around the lab tomorrow that looks like it. Erskine worked with light magic, though, so he’s supposed to be one of the good guys. Good guys don’t make stuff like that. 

Steve is also a pretty good guy, so if he’s going after something Erskine created, it can’t be bad. Steve is the furthest thing from that, and though Bucky doesn’t trust most people nowadays, he does trust him. ‘Til the end of the line, just like he said. That’s as close to

as he thinks he can get. 

But as much as Bucky trusts the prince, it appears that the one thing he can’t trust him to do is stay awake. Steve’s earlier prediction of nodding off has come to pass, his eyes now shut and mouth slack where he still has his face turned towards the book’s open page. 

Once Bucky notices how Steve’s breathing has slowed, he smiles softly to himself and shuts it as quietly as possible. He doesn’t want him to wake, not when it’s been such a big day today and will probably be an even bigger day tomorrow— hopefully in a better way. He does have to roll over to blow the candle out, but he does that as quietly as possible as well.

Before too long, the room is dark and the only thing close enough for Bucky to see after his eyes have adjusted is Steve lying next to him in the bed, under their shared covers and on top of Bucky’s borrowed fur. Bucky just lays there and watches him for a while, fully aware that he’s probably being a creep, but frankly not caring because he already knows he’s in too deep now to get out. 

If he’s willing to stay up all damn night just to make sure that this sweet prince stays safe from demons that should have remained Bucky’s own… that’s a problem, but unless he’s thinking about

, it doesn’t feel like one. Everything else with Steve just feels right. 

Will getting to the Serum change that? Will Steve drinking it change him? Bucky hopes not. Steve is already a good man, and one day, he’ll be as good of a ruler as his mother and father before him. Bucky wishes more than anything that he still had a family legacy to live up to of his own.

Letting out a sigh, Bucky finally gives into his exhaustion— both the mental and physical type— by closing his eyes and settling down more comfortably into the bed. There’s no use dwelling on things he can’t change from his past for the rest of the night, and he knows that. 

After all, it’s Steve’s life that’ll hopefully be changing tomorrow.

The next morning when Steve awakens, he notices two things. One being that his arm has a slight twinge to it that makes him grimace, and the second being that his current position on the bed has left him practically nose to nose with Bucky, still fast asleep with half his head hanging off his pillow. 

For once, it looks like Steve has woken up before him. Steve’s not sure if that’s a good or bad thing, but it does leave him able to roll over before Bucky notices their predicament as well. Steve doesn’t want to push him away again. He likes Bucky even more after last night. Him finally opening up makes it even harder to deal with the fact that he seems to be trying to close their connection off every time they get too close, but what can Steve do about that without looking like an asshole?

Him rolling over gives them both a little more space, but it also leaves his arm with an amount of pressure being put on it that has him using his extra breathing room to let out a sharp hiss that has the unintended effect of waking the man lying next to him up. So much for Steve waking up before him. That only lasted about three minutes, huh?

It takes less than thirty seconds for Bucky to shake off any sleepiness remaining in his eyes, and by the time he’s sitting up and has a hand stretching out towards Steve’s shoulder, he looks to be even wider awake than Steve feels on his own end. A small, childish part of him wants to bury his face into his pillow and burrow his body back under the covers, ignore Bucky in the way that he used to ignore his tutors when they tried to wake him up for a day of lessons he didn’t want. 

But, while Bucky has taught him a thing or two about some stuff, he’s about as far away from a tutor as one can get. Not to mention, as much as Steve wants to hide away from it… today is something that he’s wanted for almost as long as he can remember, which is what he thinks is making him so nervous. 

He doesn’t even actually know if they’ll be finding the Serum today, but even just going to the lab is a big step forward towards the goal of this quest. Even if they don’t finish it today, they’ll finally be taking some real action in order to do that. Riding across the land and following the map to get to the laboratory has been an exciting journey in and of itself, but actually getting there? Seeing what’s inside? Searching for anything they can discover within its walls?

It’s even more terrifying than their run in with Rumlow had been the night before. Steve won’t ever tell Bucky just how scared that little skirmish had made him, though. Even more than just saving face, he doesn’t want to put any more guilt on Bucky’s own, not when it appears that he’s already feeling plenty of that right now just at the thought of Steve being put into any pain by that stupid cut on his arm. 

Steve doesn’t feel guilty about the cut so much as annoyed with himself that he’d given their enemies the chance to injure him to begin with. He should have blocked that strike. He

have, but he didn’t, and now look where that’s got them. Bucky looks like he’s being put into even more pain than Steve is, which is why Steve doesn’t protest any of the probing questions that Bucky begins asking him about it in place of a normal good morning. 

“How’s your arm feeling? Any better now that you’ve slept?” Bucky’s words are almost adorably worried, and as grumpy as Steve is feeling about making him worry in the first place, he can’t help but want to smile at it. “Do you want to change the bandages before we go get breakfast?”

Steve moves to sit up as well, careful not to let any signs of the soreness show on his expression. Bucky doesn’t need to know about something so small. If it were serious, Steve would tell him, but as things are— “It feels fine,” he begins listing his answers. “A bit better than before. I think the fur helped a little. And no, I think these bandages will be enough to last the day.” He raises his arm and twists it around to show Bucky that no blood has seeped through the fabric wrapped around the injury. “See? Just a scratch. I’m okay, Buck, I swear.”

Bucky seems to accept Steve’s responses, letting him have a begrudging nod before he’s rolling over as well only to slip out of the bed and stand up with a stretch that might make Steve’s brain spark out a little at the sight of his bulging back muscles visible even through the thin linen of his sleep shirt. 

Steve now has to be careful about controlling his breath as well as his facial expressions. He’s seen his own form in a looking glass before, has spent plenty of time as an adult examining the ways that his body has changed for the better, but even with that— Bucky is undeniably spectacular. Steve’s fingers suddenly ache again with the urge to grab his sketchbook and his charcoals in order to draw him.

The urge is strong, but as much as Steve would love to spend the day in bed with him doing all sorts of things with his body besides just drawing it, they have other things that they need to do today. Rather

ones. That knowledge is really the only thing that has him getting out of bed and following Bucky’s lead of getting dressed, though the jitters in his stomach aren’t a bad motivator on their own. 

Just like the day of his first attempt at going into battle, he has a funny feeling that he won’t be able to keep any of that breakfast Bucky mentioned down. Some might call it nerves, but it feels more like nausea. At the very least, Steve will need to drink some water to try and wash it away. 

One might think he would care what he’s wearing on what may be the most important day of his life thus far, but going through the motions of getting dressed feels like it passes by in a blur, and before he knows it, both he and Bucky are out the door of their room with nothing in hand but his map and their sword. 

As nervous as he is, Steve can’t help but feel a small sense of satisfaction at the thought of their room being… well,

room. The one they shared, even if it was only for a night because Steve was dumb enough to get hurt. It’s something small and stupid, but Steve may as well savor it while he can. What’s to tell whether they’ll see each other as often after this quest is over? What’s to say Bucky will want to share anything with him afterwards at all?

Bucky at least looks to be willing to share some of his breakfast with Steve this morning, because though Steve only grabs a cup of juice when they walk past the kitchen, Bucky still breaks off a bit of the biscuit he has in hand and offers it to him with an encouraging smile. That alone settles Steve’s stomach more than eating something ever could. 

“C’mon, prince,” he murmurs, and despite the fact that

is a title Steve has heard from at least one person almost every day of his life, somehow when Bucky says it, it sounds like an endearment. Though maybe he just wishes it were being said that way. “You gotta eat something. Just one bite, okay?”

Steve snatches the offered bite out of Bucky’s hand before he does something even dumber, like lean forward and eat it straight from his fingers. “You sound like my Ma trying to get me to eat my vegetables when I was little,” he mutters, right before making a show of tossing the bit of biscuit into his mouth and giving it an exaggerated chew just to prove he’s following instructions. 

“Well, with how you grew, it looks like she got you to eat them somehow,” Bucky responds, raising his eyebrows and taking a showy bite of his own. There are crumbs in his beard even after he swallows. “I’m just trying to make sure you don’t pass out in the middle of the road.”

Steve sighs and takes another sip of his juice just to keep his mouth from feeling any drier. “If I do pass out, I’ll try and step to the side first,” he tries to joke. He’s not quite sure it works. “But you’ll have to try and catch me if I do it in the laboratory. Wouldn’t want to damage any magical goods, you know.”

Bucky snorts. “Or your head,” he supplies helpfully, raising his own cup to his mouth and giving Steve a look from above the rim as he downs some of the liquid inside. 

“I think my head is hard enough to survive a bit of a fall,” Steve says, still trying for that joke that his nerves don’t allow to land. “You should know that by now.” He means that to speak to how stubborn he is, so when Bucky reaches up and raps his knuckles gently across his forehead, it’s completely unexpected. It does get them both to laugh, though, so the gesture is appreciated, even if Steve still has to scowl and shove Bucky’s arm away to keep up stubborn appearances. “That was not a signal for you to test it out.”

Bucky shrugs off the accusation with an easy grin and another offered bite of biscuit as a silent truce. “Just making sure you were telling the truth.”

“I’m a prince,” Steve shoots back, snarky but not as sour as it would be if he had any real bitterness behind it. “I’m always honest.”

“That’s a good thing, too, because you’re a

liar.” Before Steve can get around to retorting against that, Bucky is giving him one of those crooked grins of his again and then abruptly changing the subject to something that is admittedly more important than their banter. “When we ride today, I want you to take the front,” he tells him, his tone suddenly much more serious than before. “I don’t want you to worry about this, but if Brock and his guys do show up today, I guarantee you they’ll try and attack from behind.” He pauses, licks his lips, and then goes on with a slightly softer look. “Besides, this is your quest. You should be the one leading.”

Steve doesn’t know what to say to that. The trust in Bucky’s suggestion and the confidence he has for Steve in his entire demeanor is almost too much for him to handle. He really does believe that Steve is ready to do this. He really does have faith in him to lead, and that’s something that Steve has always wished he’d had himself. Is this how he finally gets it?

“I’m also the one with the map,” he eventually manages to get out. Another joke, but this one at least lands well enough to make Bucky roll his eyes and laugh. Steve would laugh along with him, but though he still can’t find the words, he wants to say

to tell Bucky just how grateful he is. “Buck…”

Before he can figure out where that statement is supposed to go, Bucky cuts it off with a stern look and a grip to his shoulder that Steve can feel gain a hold on what feels like his very bones. “You save all that for after we get you to the Serum,” Bucky says firmly. “Don’t jinx this just because you want to thank some sorry son of a bitch that’s

that you let him come along.”

The thing is, Steve can tell by the look on Bucky’s face that he actually means that. It’s a little crazy, or at least unfathomable, at least in Steve’s mind. Is Bucky telling his own jokes now?

is the lucky one on the end of their bargain. Bucky is the kind one for agreeing to be his companion. He’s even kinder for agreeing to be Steve’s friend, which Steve would tell him if it didn’t make him sound so pathetic. 

Instead, what he says is this. “You know, you’re kinda bossy, Sir Barnes.” If Bucky wants to keep pulling out honorifics when he’s trying to be sarcastic, Steve can do the same. “And I doubt your mother would appreciate you talking about her like that.”

Bucky’s laugh is even louder this time, and Steve is surprised by his touch once again when he takes it upon himself to sling his arm around his shoulders and steer him towards the door. Looks like they’re done with breakfast. “Fine. I’m a sorry son of the most wonderful woman to have ever lived, how about that?“ Bucky’s arm is gone almost as soon as they’re back out in the street, but Steve can feel the warmth of it linger against his neck even as they begin crossing their way over towards the stable. 

He has to clear his throat in order to get his next words out. “If

Ma is the most wonderful, where does that leave mine?“

“We’ll call it a tie.” Bucky's voice is light, but Steve can still hear the melancholy note in his tone that pops up every time he mentions his family. It’s a conflicting thing to figure out how to handle, because he’s noticed that Bucky always gets that wistful look in his eye every time he talks about them as well. 

It’s just one of those tricky things, Steve figures. He’s the same about his father, but then again, he barely has any memories of the man, whereas Bucky seems to have so many memories of his own loved ones that he doesn’t seem to know where he would start even if he wanted to untangle them from their conversation. Steve knows how that is too. His own family might be small, but it’s still intertwined with him so closely that he doesn’t think

could go one damn day without bringing up his Ma even if he wanted. 

He has to wonder what she would say if she could see him now. He hates to wonder what she’s thinking about him now that he isn’t around to see her, but that conflict is at least somewhat resolved with the reassurance that he’s going to see her again soon. He’ll say sorry then. Hopefully she’ll forgive him. 

He takes a few moments to secure his sword back into its saddle scabbard and check his shirt pocket to make sure that he still has the map safely tucked inside. It is, which is a small relief, but enough for him to finally feel like he’s ready to leave. There’s no sense in wasting anymore time, not with the promises of what’s to lay ahead of them once they hit the open road. 

Steve takes in a deep breath before pulling himself up over Lucky’s back, then takes another one once he’s settled into his saddle. Bucky does the same, minus the deep breathing, though there is a certain shine of sympathy in his eyes when he lifts his reins up and gives Steve a small nod.

“You ready?” he asks, and Steve can tell it’s meant towards more than just his willingness to ride. 

In line with that, when Steve nods it takes a second for him to move his head, but when he does, he knows that he means it. He tells Bucky as much. “I’m ready as I’ll ever be.”

Bucky’s mouth curls up at the corners into what Steve is pretty sure is a smile, though it quickly slips into the motions of him clicking his tongue to signal Evergreen to get a move on. “Then I’ll let you take the lead.” Steve can tell he means

towards more than just the riding as well. 

It makes him break out into a full smile, right as both Evergreen and Lucky break out into a trot that turns into a gallop as soon as they reach an open stretch of the road leading out of town. 

It’s a nice day out, the sun shining where it’s coming up over the horizon and the breeze brushing pleasantly against Steve’s skin as they pick up their pace even further. It’s the perfect setting for what he hopes will be a perfect day, the promise of it spread out in front of him just as wide as the countryside— and yet, something in him still itches to turn his head and look back over his shoulders, tempted by the mere possibility of seeing Bucky’s hair blowing back in the wind as he rides. 

It’s a tough temptation to resist, but Steve manages to keep his gaze fixed ahead. He doesn’t need to look behind him to know that Bucky is there to protect him. That's what their relationship boils down to, Steve thinks. Bucky trusts Steve to lead, but Steve trusts Bucky to have his back, and in the instance that one of them stumbles, the other will always be there to catch them before they hit the ground. 

Metaphorically, of course. With how they’d met, it’s a wonder Bucky has trusted Steve to be around him on a horse again at all. 

Despite his earlier nerves and their similarities to the ones that he had experienced on the day of their meeting, the ride towards the laboratory feels much different from the one that he had taken into battle. That’s a good thing. He’s no longer alone, no longer so unskilled. Things have changed for the better, and this time it’s him who means that in more ways than one. 

Who would have ever thought that knocking someone's helmet off could change their lives so much? That incident alone may as well impact Steve just as much as the Serum hopefully will.

Magic will have to wait a little while longer, though. According to the map, they still have a ways to ride before they get to the thicket that’s supposed to surround it, which means Steve also still has plenty of time to lose his mind worrying about what will happen once they get there. 

It’d be enough to drive a man mad if he weren’t already used to his thoughts moving a mile a minute, which is exactly how fast it feels like Lucky is going right now. Steve is certain they’re going in the right direction, so when he drops his chin down and sighs, he feels comfortable to do so with his eyes closed. 

At least he has the soreness in his arm to distract him, a handy side effect of just how hard Lucky’s shifting is jostling the bandage. His Ma did always tell him to look on the bright side, and though he still feels like an idiot for getting hurt in the first place, this is as good of a distraction as any. 

Besides, once he has the Serum, he might no longer have to worry about injuries at all. The stuff is supposed to make the drinker invincible, but in the end… this quest has always been about one thing: making sure Steve will be a good enough leader.

He finally does give into the urge to glance back over his shoulder, catching a glimpse of Bucky right where Steve expected him to be. At least there’s one person who already trusts him to lead. 

Despite what Bucky told Steve about not worrying about Brock popping up during their ride, it’s an almost overwhelming relief for him when they finally make it to the forest without any sign of a threat following behind them. He’d tried not to be too obvious on the way over about how often he’d been looking over his shoulder, which is probably a good thing, because while Steve had spent most of their time riding with his back to Bucky, there had been a few times that Bucky had to pretend not to notice Steve taking a few peeks back of his own.

It was cute. Bucky might have even teased him for it on a different day, but with how nervous Steve already is about getting to the lab… Bucky’s not

Even with Steve’s pointed out path cutting down some of the ride, it’s taken about two hours to get here from town. They hadn’t spoken the entire time, which for them is unusual, but Bucky figured it was best to give Steve a little space today. He’ll be sticking right by his side once they finally get off their horses, of course, but this is a big day for Steve. It makes sense that he needs some room to breathe. 

In fact, Steve is still taking in deep breaths even as Bucky hops down off of Evergreen and sets about tying her bridle to the nearest tree. According to all of Steve’s books, both factual

fictional, Erskine’s laboratory is somewhere in this vicinity, and according to common legend is hidden behind the exact kind of thicket that they’re currently staring at. 

As forests go, it’s pretty ordinary one, though Bucky supposes that’s the entire point. It appears completely normal. Nothing worth looking at, let alone exploring. That would take far too much effort, and with so much other space available around this town, who would be worried about clearing off this particular patch of ground? It’s the perfect spot for a hiding place— or in this case, a secret laboratory that probably hasn’t been truly searched for in at least a decade. 

But if anyone has the determination and brains to find it, it’s Steve. Steve, who is still sitting up on Lucky and staring into the thick line of trees in front of him, so stationary that it’s as if he’s been frozen by a curse.  

Bucky has plenty of experiences with curses, so he knows that Steve isn’t being held still by one of those. It’s his nerves, which Bucky also has plenty of experience with personally. It’s a scary thing, trying to start something new. It’s even scarier getting around to doing something that you’ve been looking forward to for so long, and what Steve’s about to do is a lot larger in the long run than asking a girl to a dance or trying to shoot a buck. 

He has every reason to be frozen, but that doesn’t mean Bucky is going to let him stay stuck. Not when he’s so close to finally getting what he wants, and like Bucky promised, he’s with him all the way. Until the end of the line— which includes the end of this quest, and hopefully things even further beyond. 

But first, he has to get Steve to move. 

Bucky reaches up and pets a hand over Lucky’s flank so the gelding won’t get skittish as he moves around his rump and back up towards his front so he can extend a hand, this time meant to keep Steve from startling when he gently extracts the reins from his grip. “Hey,” he says lightly. “You gonna get down, or are you gonna stay up there all day?”

Steve gives him a weak smile in response, but there’s still a strength in the clench of his jaw as he finally does jump down to join Bucky on the ground. “I guess I should give poor Lucky a break,” he exhales, clearly trying to match Bucky’s intentionally laid back attitude. “I’m not exactly a feather when it comes to weight.”

“I can relate, trust me.” Bucky tries to keep up a normal conversation despite the fact that he knows they’re both very aware of just where they are. “I’m surprised the bed didn’t break last night with the both of us on it for so long.” He shakes his head and finishes his self appointed job of tying Lucky to one of the trees neighboring Evergreen’s improvised post. 

Steve lingers by Lucky’s side, draping his hand over where the hilt of his sword sticks out beside the saddle. He doesn’t take it out yet, but Bucky doesn’t try and rush the hesitation. “I didn’t kick you or anything, did I? I’m not used to sleeping with anyone closeby, so I don’t really know what kind of bedmate I am.”

Bucky can tell Steve is only saying that to say

other than the obvious fact that they’re supposed to be heading into the forest right now, but something about that statement reminds him of something else that Steve had said last night about waiting for the right person. 

So, Steve doesn’t usually have people sleeping beside him. He doesn’t flirt with them much, either. He lacks a lot of other experiences that Bucky assumed a man their age would have, so what else is there that he hasn’t done? Bucky feels like he’s wondering over what is the most obvious question within that realm, but it’s one that would be impolite to ask anyone, let alone a prince. Not to mention—

They have other things they’re supposed to be doing right now, in any case. Heading into the forest can only be put off for so long, and the later it gets in the day only gives Rumlow and his goons even more time to possibly catch up with them. 

Bucky doesn’t wait much longer before he finally gestures towards the wall of bramble that’s blocking their way forward. There’s no way the horses could ever get through it, hence why they’ve both dismounted, but their swords should be sharp enough to cut through enough of the necessary vines for them to at least attempt to walk towards the center. 

That’s the best suggestion he can think to make, anyways. “I think we could hack through most of those vines, if you want to give it a try.” He shrugs and uses the hand free of his sword to wave over where he thinks the best point of entry would be. “You’re the one leading us today, so feel free to have at it. Anytime you want.” 

He’s trying to give Steve the freedom of choice while still giving him a subtle suggestion, or at least a nudge in the direction that they should go in. Steve’s nerves are

going to keep him from reaching his goal. Not as long as Bucky is behind him. 

Steve still looks positively ashen with all the apprehension Bucky can see dancing through his expression, but he still nods and moves to do as Bucky suggested despite that. Bucky is more than glad to follow him up to the edge of the forest, even claps him on the shoulder and whistles out his appreciation at the first slash Steve gives to the underbrush blocking their path. 

“Keep this up and we’ll be there in no time,” he says brightly. “Just tell me if your arm gets tired and I can take over for a while. If you want, of course.” He knows how stubborn Steve Rogers is by now, which means the offer has to be more sideways than it is obvious in order for Steve to respond with the nod that Bucky ends up with. 

Steve is too in shape to be out of breath just yet, but he does have to huff out what he says next a little bit. “If this is what the castle gardeners have to go through every day with the ivy, I think I need to talk to my mother about paying them more.”

“Say, if you’re already thinking about asking for people to get raises, I can think of a few candidates who might also be interested.” 

Bucky is definitely teasing a little when he says that, stepping forward a little faster so that he can preemptively clear some of the branches away before Steve has to cut them. It leaves him walking more beside Steve than behind him, but still out of reach of his blade. It’s more efficient this way. They make a pretty good team, if Bucky does say so himself.  

Similarly to their riding today, they don’t do much talking during their trek through the forest. Steve is exerting enough energy on his physical efforts alone, so making conversation isn’t what Bucky supposes they should classify as their main concern. That title would be designated to actually getting to their destination. 

The lab. Bucky trusts that they’ll know it when they see it— how many other buildings could there be in all this underbrush?— but he’s not sure what he should be expecting. Steve’s books had plenty of pictures of objects and other locations, but none were of this particular one. 

Erskine was a scientist, though. Someone worthy of note, but not particularly prominent in most financial circles. He probably lived life without giving much thought to luxury, so his laboratory most likely won’t be the most extravagant of structures— as if the remote location wasn’t enough of an indicator to make that assumption. 

It’ll most likely be a cottage, Bucky eventually concludes, a few minutes after he begins his temporary takeover of Steve’s branch detangling efforts. It probably won’t even have a gate. Maybe a thatch roof? Stone walls? That’s the sort of thing all of the bedtime stories and fairytales he was surrounded by while growing up made him think of. 

Maybe he’s still a child at heart, or maybe he’s just as stubborn as Steve is when it comes to wanting what he thinks to be the right answer. Either way, he’s entirely too grown for the amount of glee he feels upon having his predictions proven to be correct when they finally reach what can’t be anything other than what they’re looking for. 

Erskine’s lab. It’s real. It’s here.

here, finally standing in front of the place they’ve been trying to get to for the past nearly three days. It feels surreal even for Bucky to be here, and this isn’t even his dream that’s close to being completed. He can’t even imagine what emotions are spinning through Steve’s head right now. 

One look at the man says that

isn’t a word that even comes close to describing it. Awe, maybe? Astonishment? Mind blown? Flabbergasted? Whatever it is, it’s overwhelming for Bucky to see, and he’s only experiencing it second hand. 

No matter what other words may or may not describe Steve’s reaction, one of them is definitely

because it takes a good two minutes of staring before Steve seems to find it in himself to breathe, let alone speak.

“We’re here,” he whispers, sword so slack in his hand that Bucky’s almost afraid he’s about to drop it. “We’re really here.” 

doesn't even begin to cover the complexities that statement contains. It’s clear that Steve is feeling at least ten things all at once, and at least two of those ten things are relief and fear in equal parts. Bucky can’t blame him, but he doesn’t know what else he can say to him either. 

It feels a bit too soon for any congratulations to be in order, as like he told Steve before, the last thing they need to do is jinx things because they’re trying to be sentimental instead of smart. Getting to the lab is a milestone, but until they find the Serum, it isn’t a stopping point. They have to see this through.

Bucky supposes that’s as good a thing to say to Steve as any. “We’re here,” he agrees, resting both hands on his belt after he sheathes his sword and steps closer to Steve’s still rapt form. “So how about we go poke around inside, your Highness? That still the plan?“  He asks that, because after all, Steve is still the leader even if Bucky is trying to do his best to point him in the right direction. 

Steve is staring in that right direction right now, eyes fixed on the door placed smack dab in the center of the wall they’ve approached. “Right,” he says roughly, words barely audible even with how close Bucky has come during his approach. “The plan.”

“The Serum,” Bucky supplies to finish the thought. “You know, the thing we’re supposed to be going

Steve finally tears his eyes away from the door just to shoot Bucky an irritated look from the side. “I know where we’re supposed to be going, Buck.” And then his eyes are back where they were before. “Just… give me a minute, would you?”

Well, that doesn’t make Bucky feel the best about pushing him, but even so, Bucky has to keep his foot in the figurative door just to make sure Steve won’t get so scared he shuts it. “As long as it’s just a minute,” he responds, making sure to keep his voice soft. “Those big dreams of yours can’t wait forever.”

Steve smiles, and even though it’s slightly strained, Bucky can also tell that it’s grateful. The blonde seems to pick up on the message Bucky’s trying to get across, even if he doesn’t make it obvious. 

“I know,” is all he says. “It’ll only be a minute.”

As usual, Steve turns out to be telling the truth in the end when he says that. It really is only a minute later when he turns his head and gives Bucky a nod that can only mean one thing. A go ahead. He wants to go in. 

And while there are so many other things that Bucky can’t give him, this is one thing that he can. 

Bucky takes one last second of his own to look at Steve and ask the same thing that he had before they left the inn this morning. “You ready?”

Steve answers with an echo of his own earlier response. “As I’ll ever be.”  

He squares up his shoulders so that they’re even more broad, chin jutting out in a gesture of forced confidence that on Steve’s face still somehow looks like it belongs. There’s royalty in his bloodline and leading is his birthright, it means maybe in a way, it does. 

Either way, it sure feels natural for Bucky to follow behind in his footsteps as Steve makes his way forward towards that door.

All that confidence, forced or not, appears to have squashed any hesitation that Steve had left. His hand doesn’t even waver when it reaches for the door’s handle. Bucky has to make an effort not to hold his breath when the hinges creak once Steve pulls the door towards them to reveal the darkened room hiding behind it. 

On the inside, the laboratory looks about as ordinary as it had on the outside, just less faded out by the sun and more fogged over by the passage of time. There’s cobwebs draping over all of the corners and a fine layer of dust settled down on every surface— even the floor, as Bucky finds when they’ve moved in far enough for their boots to meet it. 

He’s half expecting the wooden boards to break under their weight, but thankfully, it seems like Erskine made sure that his secret workspace was well built. It’s not clean by any means, but probably only because no one has been here for years. Decades, even. The dust alone is proof enough of that, but there’s also just an eerie feeling of emptiness that lets Bucky know that no one has bothered to come in here in a very long while. 

That feeling of emptiness doesn’t mean that the room is actually empty, though. Far from it. The shelves are practically stuffed to the seams with books, and the tables lining the center of the room covered in objects. Bucky wonders why they were left behind, but that’s only a brief thought he has before Steve interrupts the silence that has fallen over them with a verbalized thought of his own. 

“I guess now we just… look around? Pick stuff up?” Steve no longer sounds quite so sure of himself. Even as he makes that suggestion, he’s standing so still that Bucky is pretty sure he’s scared of touching anything in here at all. 

Bucky tries to solve that problem for him by being the first to actually reach for one of the objects on the table. It’s just a small pot of what appears to be ink, which seems like a pretty safe option to start off with. He turns the glass container over in his palm, glad to see that there’s a stopper still in the top of it. Even if this place is abandoned, he doesn’t want to make a mess. 

Raising the pot up, he presents it for Steve to examine. “I’ll start on the side with the windows, you start on the side with the door?”

Steve smiles and takes the ink to fiddle with himself. Even as the leader, he still looks relieved to have some instruction. “Deal.” He plunks the pot down on the table and steps back around it so that he’s closer to his assigned side by the door. “Just yell if you find something that seems helpful.”

“It’ll be fun to snoop around somewhere where we don’t have to worry about getting caught for once,” Bucky hums, taking that as his own cue to head for the shelves by the windows. “I can’t tell you how many times my sisters screamed at me for trying to read their diaries.”

Steve snorts and glances over his shoulder from where he’s started pulling out books from his own shelf in order to begin looking over the titles. “Sounds like you shouldn’t have been trying to read them, then.”

“You’d understand if you had little sisters.” Bucky squats down to start from the bottom of his bookcase just so Steve won’t see any of the melancholy in his expression that comes along with every memory he has the courage to bring up. “Nothing you wouldn’t do to protect them, even if it means you make ‘em mad.”

“I have a feeling you’re like that with everyone,” Steve says, and even though Bucky can’t see him, he can practically hear the small smile his mouth is curving up into. 

He smiles back, despite the fact that he knows Steve can’t see him either. “Yeah, I guess some people would say that.” 

Or they would have before, anyways. A lot of people, actually. His Ma. His Pa. His sisters, his friends, probably even the wayward strangers who tumbled through his bed. But that was the old Bucky Barnes. He’s not sure what people would say about the new one. He’s not sure anyone other than Steve would have anything to say at all.

Maybe Bucky likes it that way. It isn’t so bad only being known by someone he trusts. But the real baffler is— now that Steve knows him and has

just how much HYDRA wants him back, why does he trust Bucky at all?

Bucky would think more about that while he continues to search the shelves, but before his brain can go too far down that path, his wondering is prevented from wandering too far by a loud clatter that’s quickly followed by a curse. His reflexes have both his eyes and knees moving upwards, straightening him up into a defensive stance at the thought of a threat being brought upon them. 

He’s expecting Rumlow in the worst case, or maybe a wayward chipmunk at best, but what’s he’s welcomed with instead is the sight of Steve looking down at his feet and the now-spilled pile of stones spread out between them. Bucky can see that there are markings on them, presumably to signify the different weights they hold in accordance with the golden scale Steve is currently holding. Both sides of it are still wobbling from where their contents have been knocked off. 

Steve looks up with a wince and a sheepish shrug. “Sorry. I wasn’t expecting it to be so unsteady when I picked it up.” He looks a bit unsteady himself, to be honest, but Bucky guesses that’s to be expected. They’ve been rifling through the room for nearly fifteen minutes now, and still, nothing. Not even a hint as to where the Serum is. 

That would be enough to have anyone stressed, and for Steve, it’s so much that he looks as if he might be sick, especially after Bucky snorts the accidental interruption off and another fifteen minutes wind up passing by before they know it. They really only realize it when they both try and move on to their next respective shelves only to meet in the middle, so close that they may as well be nose to nose. 

Steve’s eyes are wide, but as Bucky is very clearly able to see, it’s not with surprise. It’s with worry. It’s only been half an hour, so they’re far from having searched this place from bottom to top, but Steve is still worried. He’s worried, and Bucky has no way of convincing him not to be, because frankly, Bucky is worried too. Worried about

When Steve next moves, it’s with a frantic energy that leaves even Bucky dizzy as Steve brushes by him to the half of the room that he hadn’t been the one to search. Bucky has already gone through it, but going through it again seems to be the only thing Steve can think to do other than give up completely.

“C’mon, c’mon, c’mon,” he’s muttering, doing everything he can short of getting down on his hands and knees to catch sight of something they missed— and then, he even does that after another few minutes, all while Bucky stands there and watches. “There has to be something here. He couldn’t have taken everything. He

have. C’mon.” His voice cracks right as his shoulders slump, and Bucky can see the defeat taking him over even before he hears it. “

Bucky tries not to pity him, because he knows that pity is one of the things that Steve hates the most, right up there next to coddling and being treated like he’s incapable. It’s hard not to look at him right now and feel at least a little sorry, but Bucky pushes that feeling to the side with a firm reminder to himself that this setback doesn’t mean that Steve’s quest is over. Maybe this is just the universe giving him that opening he’s been looking for to tell him something important that he’s been thinking about for a while now. 

Bucky just has to make sure to tell him before the meltdown takes him over in full. Steve’s a strong man, though. He can last another couple of minutes while Bucky works up the courage to move his mouth. 

When he eventually does, his voice still comes out rough, and apparently a little too quiet for Steve to hear it. Or maybe he just isn’t paying attention. Trying to pry to the floorboards is admittedly a pretty effective distraction. 

“Steve.” The man in question doesn’t show any signs of listening, so Bucky tries again with his given name instead. He’s louder this time as well

Steve’s reflexes are nowhere near as sharp as Bucky’s, but he still jerks his head up so fast that he’s lucky his neck doesn’t snap. His voice does it anyways. “What, James?”

Bucky is far too accustomed to pain for the usage of his own given name to make him flinch, but it does make his heart twist. He doesn’t like Steve’s anger being directed at him. Not over something that he knows Steve takes so seriously. “Steve, you need to calm down. There’s no point in trying to continue looking if you can’t focus.”

Having grown up with so many sisters, Bucky should know by now that telling someone to

is almost never a good decision, especially when they’re already riled up. Unfortunately for him, it’s been a long time since he’s been reminded of that lesson, so he’s a little taken aback when his attempt to make Steve see reason is met with an even worse snap than before. 

“I’m not going to waste time doing some stupid reading exercise just because you think I can’t do this,” he hisses, and Bucky hears it as the obvious lash out it’s meant as. “I

you didn’t really think I could lead us, but if you’re done pretending, feel free to leave!”

is that you don’t need the goddamn Serum in the first place!” Bucky bursts out, just as red-hot and accusatory as Steve’s own remarks. “Why are you so keen on finding it?”

It’s a funny thing, them having their first fight so soon after Steve had just pointed out that Bucky’s more protective instincts tend to piss people off. Bucky has been thinking this for a while, though, and in all honesty, he’s glad he’s finally getting this secret about what he thinks of Steve out even if he’s not sure he’ll ever be in a place where he can admit to the others. Bucky has always had a quick mouth and a short temper, in any case. 

For Steve, it looks to be the opposite with just how suddenly his frustration towards Bucky has seemed to spark. “That’s the thing you’ll never understand as long as you don’t have to lead anything other than your own life,” he says lowly, getting to his feet, lips now set into a grim line. “This isn’t just about me.”

Something about that statement cuts into Bucky so deep that before he can even realize what he’s doing, it’s him that snaps back at Steve this time. 

“Right,” he mutters darkly, darting his tongue out to swipe over his lips so that they at least aren’t left as dry as throat feels. “Because you’ve got nothing to prove.”

There’s hurt in Steve’s eyes alongside the anger the next time Bucky raises his own to make contact with them. “I got nothing at all if I don’t get that Serum,” he whispers. “What am I supposed to do if I have to go back home without it?”

All of the sudden, the ache in Bucky’s heart grows stronger, even as his words come out comparatively weak. “Even if you’ve got nothing, you’ve got me. It’s like I told you.” And now, he steps forward, making sure to go slow so that Steve won’t spook when Bucky raises up a hand and gently grips his shoulder. “I’m with you ‘til the end of the line, pal.”

He’s said this phrase before, but something about saying it this time makes it feel even heavier. More significant. Maybe it’s the secluded setting or the fact that they’re fresh off what Bucky thinks was a fight, or maybe it’s just the combination of touch and eye contact. Either way, the spell that settles over them both as Bucky’s repeated declaration sinks in is one that Bucky is sad to see broken.

He’s even sadder to have to let Steve go, but it’s Steve that’s pulling away first almost as soon as their eye contact breaks and he lands his gaze on the corner behind Bucky’s left side. His eyes widen, so what sight he finds must be one that he spotted earlier. 

Bucky turns in the same direction, half out of curiosity and half because he doesn’t want Steve to see the disappointment on his face. Another perfect moment to kiss him gone by. That’s probably for the best. 

After all, as Steve points a moment later, they’re still on a quest. 

“He’s got a pickaxe and a bunch of rocks lying around,” he muses, making his way over to the pickaxe in question and bending over to pick up the small bag sitting beside it on the floor. “And all of those books about him said he spent most of his time underground. Assuming they were being literal…”

Bucky’s heart still feels like it’s beating in his ears, but he can tell where this is going. “You think he hid his important work somewhere else,” he finishes, but apparently Steve isn’t done. 

He straightens back up and yanks the bag open, pulling out the glass bottle he finds at the bottom. It’s empty, which means Erskine had to have been intending on it to be filled. “Alchemists don’t just play around with metal, Buck,” he says quietly. Bucky can tell where this is going as well. Steve isn’t the only one who studied up on these subjects last night. The Elixir of Life is something almost all alchemists spend their lives looking for, and the Serum of Rebirth… it doesn’t sound all that different from it, come to think of it. 

“There’s a cave system nearby and a piece of parchment on this bag that I’m willing to bet is a map of it.” Steve goes on, grabbing the bag but leaving the axe behind as he heads towards the door. “Sounds like a pretty good hiding spot for something special to me.”

Bucky takes a begrudging step forward. Steve’s logic is a little rushed, but it does make sense. Still, he can’t have him running off half cocked without saying

, even if all that comes out ends up being one word. “Steve…”

Steve ignores the call of his name by tossing back a sigh of Bucky’s own. “Buck, are you coming with me or not?” He raises an eyebrow and looks at Bucky with a mulish expression that somehow makes Bucky want to kiss him even more than he’d wanted to before. 

’til the end of the line’

implies I will,” he says under his breath, words intentionally left enough for Steve to still hear them. That’s who they’re for, after all. That’s who most stuff Bucky does these days is for, come to think of it. 

Bucky nods and begins the walk over to the door to meet Steve, pausing beside the hinges to keep him from opening it before Bucky gets one last statement off his chest. “I don’t think either of us meant a lot of things we said a few minutes ago, but I need you to listen to me on this. And you listen close,” he tells him, tone firm, but not unkind. “”Do not

question what it means for me to lead my life again. Anything else is on the table, but I don’t care if you’re a prince. You don’t get to use that against me. No one does.”

Not Pierce. Not Rumlow. Not even Steve Rogers. 

Steve’s face has already fallen into something guilty, and Bucky might feel bad about it if he didn’t know this is something that needed to be said. “I won’t,” he murmurs. “I promise.”

Bucky can tell that Steve is back to his usual pattern of meaning most of what he says, a far cry from what had happened during their argument. He nods again and this time takes it upon himself to be the one who turns the door handle. “Good.” He doesn’t miss the way Steve colors at that as they step outside to make their way back through the forest. 

That’s one problem solved. Now they just have to get around to figuring out the rest of them. 

First, the Serum. Then whatever the hell is going on with Bucky’s heart. 

Steve Rogers has a loud mouth. Anyone that knows him is aware of this. What he say half the time might come out sort of awkwardly, but when he’s angry or around someone he actually likes, his lips tend to get a little loose, and usually some stupid stuff ends up coming out sooner or later. 

He likes Bucky so much that he’s already said more than enough stupid stuff to him before today, but today was the first time that Steve’s loud mouth actually got him to say something awful, even if it was accidentally. 

Bucky was right when he said that they both hadn’t meant a lot of what was just said— or at least, Steve hadn’t. It had just been a heated moment. Like Sam has said more than once, arguments always tend to bring out either Steve’s most annoying or most self righteous tendencies. Sometimes both, as he thinks was the case about ten minutes ago. 

The last ten minutes haven’t given him a lot of time to focus on that, though. They’ve been spent on horseback, as half of their journey has these past few days, only this time Lucky and Evergreen are being pushed to their limit to race towards what hopefully will be their final destination. 

The cave. Most of Steve’s thoughts have been focusing on that. 

Half of Steve’s thoughts are firmly convinced that his logic is sound— Erskine was always said to be an eccentric man, and if he hid his laboratory in the middle of the woods, what’s to say he didn’t bury his greatest treasure in a cave?— while the other half is concerned that this might be too big of a long shot for them to realistically take. 

Of course, being realistic when what they’re after is a magical object doesn’t sound very logical either. It’s hard to be logical at all right now, to tell the truth. Steve’s heart feels like it’s beating so fast it may as well jump out of his chest with the same level of energy as he does off of Lucky’s back a few minutes later. Just as with their arrival at the lab, he’s excited, skeptical, and scared all at once. Hell, he might even be terrified. 

To be fair, the cave does look sort of menacing even without the possibilities of what it may contain factored into the situation. The inside looks dark, jagged around the edges with rocks the way that Steve assumes most caves are. But if a man as old as Erskine can make it in there, a man who is trying to be as brave as Steve Rogers can as well. No matter how afraid he’s currently feeling as he stares down the mouth of the cave’s entrance. 

His hands are so numb with nerves that he almost fumbles when he goes to tie Lucky to the closest tree, Bucky following his lead of sliding out of his saddle to do the same.

The very thing Steve had just accused him of not doing back at the lab. That makes him feel like an idiot and his fear of the cave makes him feel like a coward. So, not the best combination for someone who is trying to be a hero. Definitely not someone who is worthy without the Serum, no matter what Bucky had been trying to tell him earlier. 

Bucky isn’t trying to tell him much now. He walks up to stand beside Steve silently, one hand on the hilt of his sword and the other on his belt, though that second hand quickly moves up to clasp over Steve’s shoulder in that same way it always seems to when Bucky is trying to up Steve’s confidence. It’s a pretty consistent move as Steve has noticed, and usually an effective one during most other situations. 

But this one is different. 

He has to clear his throat to try and rid it of the suffocating sensation of fear trying to claw its way up. His words still come off his tongue a little thick, but at least he’s able to move his mouth at all. “I guess we should go in.” 

It’s the obvious next move for them to make. The only one that Steve can think to take, because the only thing they have left to go off of is the map that he’d taken out of that bag from Erskine’s lab, the one that’s still thrown over his shoulder now. Just in case. In case of what, Steve isn’t sure, but better to be safe than sorry. Better to be paranoid than unprepared. 

And speaking of preparations, there’s apparently one more that Steve forgot to take, but as usual, Bucky has his back. He reaches into his saddlebag and pulls out a tool that Steve hadn’t thought of bringing along at all, though now that he’s staring at the lantern Bucky is grasping, he once again feels like a moron. The cave is dark. Of course they’ll need a light, and of course Bucky was the one who had had the sense to bring one along. 

Bucky continues rummaging around in his bag even after he hands Steve the lantern. “I spotted this back at the lab and figured it might come in handy,” he says, matter of factly. “Some of those rocks of his turned out to be flint, I’m pretty sure, so if you give me a second, we should be able to light it.” He’s turning now, the aforementioned flint laying flat in his palm. “Then we can be on our merry way, your Majesty.”

Steve meets the usage of that name with his usual response. “Thank you, Sir Barnes,” he mutters, gruff but not ungrateful. He’s just annoyed he wasn’t the one who thought to bring these tools, though finding out that Bucky was does explain what Steve was wondering about why he had gone back into the laboratory almost as soon as they’d made it out the door. 

It takes Bucky closer to two minutes rather than two seconds to successfully get the flint to spark enough to transfer onto the lantern’s wick, but before too long, he’s holding up the softly glowing product. Steve takes it back in hand so that Bucky can stand, pocketing the flint before wiping off his palms against his pants. It’s a sign of just how stressed Steve is that he can’t even be bothered to watch the way the motion makes the muscles of the other man’s thighs tense. 

Bucky just shrugs and steps closer, giving Steve another grip to the shoulder that brings out the exhale of the deep breath Steve had just taken in. “What’d I tell you about saving all that sappy shit until later, prince?” He gives Steve a good natured shake that eventually turns into a gentle nudge forward when his hand smooths down from Steve’s shoulder to his back, right between the blades. “Don’t jinx us now, okay? You’ve got this.”

The bitter part of their earlier argument that’s still lurking in the back of Steve’s brain wants to snap out something stupid and petty like

Now you believe in me?

Which Steve knows doesn’t even make much sense, because Bucky has come with him all this way. He’s stuck by his side through everything that’s happened on this journey. Saying that would be stupid, not to mention untrue. 

It’s just the fear, as Steve tries to tell himself. Fear and probably some other deep rooted insecurity that he doesn’t have time to think about right now. He can only hope that getting the damn Serum will shut all of that nonsense up. It’s supposed to solve all of his problems, after all. Isn’t it?

wrong about one thing. Steve does need this.  

He doesn’t say that out loud, because Bucky is right about one thing even when he’s wrong about the other. Steve doesn’t want to jinx this, not when he’s so close to completing not only his quest, but his dream. “You want me to take the front again?” he asks instead.

Bucky smiles, and then the hand on his back is lifting up only to pat back down a couple of times before he drops it completely. “Lead the way.”

Steve smiles back, and though it’s a little forced, the warmth of Bucky’s attempts at comfort make it easier for him to venture forth into the cold, dark cavern of the cave stretching ahead of them. The lantern helps cut through the shadows, and Steve tries to hone his focus down to the same level of sharpness. 

He knows how to read a map. This next step should be simple enough, one foot in front of the other until they reach the point where Erskine has an X marked. A little on the nose for the concept of buried treasure, but then again, Steve’s entire idea for this quest had come from a myth. He doesn’t suppose he has much room to write something off as being unrealistic, especially not when the man behind him has had plenty of firsthand experience with the existence of magic. 

The floor of the cave is made up mostly of rocks and mud, and the part of Steve that’s still decidedly

grimaces at the thought of how dirty his shoes are going to be once they get out. Thankfully, that part of him isn’t the one that’s in charge right now. He’s got bigger things to worry about than having to polish his boots. 

Steve has never been in a cave before, having only read about their contents in books during his studies with his tutors. All other things aside, it’s an interesting walk to take. He’s no scientist (

sorcerer, if that’s what he was) like Erskine, but he does find the rock formations fascinating. He thinks he'd like to sketch them one day if he can remember what they look like once they leave. 

Glancing over his shoulder, Steve catches sight of Bucky walking behind him with his own eyes trailing over the patterns of stone. Yeah, there are a lot of things he’d like to sketch one day. A couple of people, too. 

As captivating as Steve finds the cave overall, he knows he needs to pay attention to the tunnels of it they’re passing through. He also needs to not get caught staring at his companion yet again, so he turns his head back forward as quickly as he can and gets back to focusing on the map instead. It looks like they have about a fifteen minute walk left ahead of them, and though that isn’t the shortest amount of time, the fear still crawls back up Steve’s throat at the thought of just how close they are. 

This is even more terrifying than finding the lab was. What if they get to the X and there’s nothing there? What if they get there and that something isn’t the Serum?

Steve’s so caught up in his own head that during his next step, his foot catches on a stone lodged in the mud that he hadn’t noticed, causing him to stumble. He doesn’t have long enough to be afraid of falling, but apparently Bucky has long enough to catch him before he does. One of his hands is flying forward and yanking Steve back by the collar of his shirt. 

, Steve,” he curses as Steve rights himself on his own once he lets him go. The words flash Steve back to the near-fall he’d had in the tavern they’d been to on the first night of their trip, and that causes a completely different rush other than the one of falling to hit him out of nowhere. 

When he apologizes, his head is still spinning. “Sorry.”

God, he’s only known Bucky for about a week, and look at how many memories he already has with him. Is that crazy? Does that make how strongly Steve feels for him too much too soon? After what they’ve been through together—

“Steve, you’re either gonna trip or blow the lantern out if you don’t slow down a little,” Bucky interrupts by calling out from where he’s fallen behind by a good amount— and as Steve realizes, the distance is his fault. His pace has picked up by an almost ridiculous amount, the air in the cave so drafty that him going so fast has it practically turning into a wind. 

While he had been fine before the awareness, now that he is aware of what he’s been doing, he shivers, only just now noticing how his arms are prickling with goosebumps. At least these ones are a result of the temperature and not just his fears. Still, they’re enough for him to have to grit his teeth to keep them from fulfilling their reflexive chatter. He should have grabbed a cloak from his pack before they left, but he hadn’t thought that he would need it. Just another thing he didn’t think to bring along. 

Bucky hadn’t brought one either, though, and when Steve takes another look at him he can tell that he’s not the only one who is a little chilly. For once, Bucky has his sleeves rolled down, and though that deprives Steve the sight of his forearms he’s glad that at least one of them can do something to keep warm. His bandage keeps him from pulling his left sleeve down completely, but he does his best with the right while he waits for Bucky to catch up. 

“Sorry,” he repeats. “I just…”

“Wanna get there as soon as possible?” For once, Bucky’s finished sentence isn’t necessarily in line with what Steve was going to say, but he still nods just to get out of having to explain his behavior. “It can’t be much further, right? We’ll be there quick enough without you having to run off on me.”

“I wouldn’t do that.” Steve turns his head to face the wall beside him when they begin walking again, this time at the same pace. “We’re supposed to stick together, right?” He hates the genuine vulnerability in that question, but to his credit, Bucky doesn’t call him out on it. 

He just nods with a small smile and reaches over to take the lantern out of Steve’s hand so that he has both freed up to hold the map. “Like two peas in a pod, sunshine.”

If Steve thought nicknames like

got him flustered, those are nothing in comparison to how Bucky saying

gets him to react. Steve’s no longer the one in possession of their only heat source (even if the lantern’s flame is more meant for light than anything else) but somehow, it still feels like there’s been a fire kindled in his chest. 

The next time he absently rubs his hand over his exposed forearm below the bandage, the goosebumps are gone. It’s a miracle, or maybe just the type of magic that only Bucky seems to possess, at least when it comes to Steve’s thoughts. He has to shake his head to clear said thoughts away, but he does with a smile just to make sure that Bucky doesn’t think he’s trying to deny or disagree with that statement. That’s the last thing he would want to do.

With that being said, what he needs to do right now is get back on track with what he wants to do next.  Taking advantage of their slowed down speed and both of his hands being free, he pulls the map slightly closer to his face and uses the lamplight now swinging below Bucky’s knuckles to double check their direction. They haven’t made a turn in about ten minutes now, so they’re definitely going the right way, but it’s like Steve said. Better to be paranoid than unprepared. 

Ten minutes having passed by means that they have five minutes left before they arrive at their destination. Five minutes left means that they’re closer than ever to what Steve hopes is the Serum, but what he’s also trying to prepare himself for possibly being his greatest disappointment. Preparation has the unfortunate side effect of turning a person into a pessimist sometimes. 

He feels like he’s sinking down with every step forward he takes, though that may be a literal sensation as well thanks to how damp the inside of this cave is. At least that might make the ground easier to dig into once they arrive at Erskine’s marked cavern. Steve felt what he thinks is a small shovel when he was rummaging around in Erskine’s stolen bag earlier, so he supposes that’s one thing he can give himself credit for remembering to bring.

He doesn’t mean to flaunt that fact to Bucky, but it does feel relevant to tell him. Using it is of the plan, and whatnot. “When we get there… I guess you can keep watch while I start digging? Just in case?” 

He’s not really sure what he’s wanting Bucky to keep watch for— would those guys from last night

follow them into the woods and underground? Into town is one thing, but through the wilderness just seems excessive. Then again, Steve might not be paranoid about this one thing in particular, but he knows that Bucky is. If him insisting on sleeping in the same room last night wasn’t enough of a tell, him constantly checking over his shoulder and the guilty look on his face every time Steve rubs his arm is a dead giveaway. 

Underneath all that grumpy gruffness, Bucky is actually a pretty sensitive guy, Steve thinks. 

Less stoic than he’d been upon first impression, and with how many times he’s made Steve turn as red as a tomato with the teasing remarks, a

less silent. His mouth is about as big as Steve’s when they’re alone.

Steve has spent most of his life alone save for the company of Sam and his Ma, but when it comes to Bucky… he sort of likes how things are when they’re alone together. It’s how most of this quest has gone, which makes this setting a very fitting way to end their quest. 

Once they reach the end of their path (according to the map, anyways), the pause in their footsteps leaves the cave just as silent as their first horse ride as companions had been. The only sounds Steve can pick up on is that of their breath and the faint sound of wind rushing somewhere in the background, though that could just be the blood rushing in his ears thanks to how hard his heart has started beating.

One would think that his heartbeat would slow down now that they’ve stopped, and at any other location, it probably would have. Not this one, though. Nothing about where they’re standing is normal, at least to people like them who know some of the secrets that this cave holds. Steve can only hope that it holds something magical as well. 

This are of the cave is no colder than the rest, but Steve’s feet being frozen to the ground has nothing to do with temperature. It’s figurative. All in his head. And yet, somehow, it still feels real to him. 

He stands where he is and stares into the cavern the same as he had done outside the lab. He can’t see as well into this time thanks to the absence of natural light, but Bucky quickly raises the lantern up in an obvious attempt at remedying what he must think is the problem. It isn’t. Steve hasn’t been afraid of the dark since he was a child. What he’s afraid of now is probably just as ridiculous, though. 

What kind of grown man is afraid of walking forward? Going off of immediate appearances alone, the cavern looks to contain nothing other than rocks littered over another muddy patch of ground. Steve isn’t afraid of any of that, even if he isn’t used to it either. All of the castle floors are made of stone, but he’s not being confined in the castle any longer. And that's part of what’s so scary about all of this, isn’t it? 

He’s come so far from home, had so many new experiences, all with a man who started out as a complete stranger. All in order to get

Steve didn’t mean most of what he said to Bucky in that heated moment back at the lab, but he had been honest about his fear. If he doesn’t find the Serum underneath all this dirt, he doesn’t know what he’ll do next. Returning home empty handed wouldn’t only be a disappointment to his Ma or even a mere humiliation in front of all the other men and women in the castle. It would be cementing the fact that he failed to be a hero. It would only be proving his worst fears of his incapability to lead. 

He weighs his options. On one hand, he’s afraid of going forward into the cavern. On the other hand, there will be no leading at all if he doesn’t. He knows what he should do. He knows what he

to do, but he doesn’t know what he’s going to do until Bucky takes it upon himself to make the choice for him. 

Steve is given no warning but an exasperated sigh and the touch of a hand to that same spot between his shoulder blades, no time even given for a pause before the low sound of Bucky’s voice follows. 

“Don’t take this personally, prince,” Bucky says, and Steve would ask what he means by that, but he can’t. Not when Bucky damn near knocks the wind out of him with the shove he doles out from behind. 

Luckily, Steve is spared the embarrassment of stumbling again, and even more luckily, he doesn’t land on his sword. Steve almost wants to turn his head and snap at Bucky for the unusually rough treatment, but then he realizes where he is. The annoyance dries up in his throat immediately 

This is it. This is the spot where his future or his failure rests. He could be standing over the Serum right now for all he knows, and just the thought of that is so overwhelming that if he were as small as he used to be, Steve thinks he might have collapsed. He might do that even now that he’s big, to be perfectly honest. 

In line with Steve’s suggestion, Bucky doesn’t come into the cavern very far, instead choosing to lean against the wall that makes up its entrance once he straightens up from placing the lantern on the ground. He’s looking at Steve expectantly, and Steve is halt expectant himself that Bucky is about to say something stupid to loosen the mood, but what he gets is a surprisingly genuine remark. 

“Whatever you do or don’t find in here,” Bucky begins, crossing his arms over his chest and looking down at Steve with a sincere expression only intensified by the sharp angle of the lantern light coming up from below. “Just know that you’ll walk out of this place a good man, Steve. It’s

that got us here, and nothing else can take that away.” 

It’s the reassurance that Steve hadn’t known he would need in order to muster up the determination to begin his digging, but first-

“Thank you, Buck,” he says softly, the enclosed shape of the cavern making it so his words echo despite their lack of volume. Somehow, that only makes them feel more important. “I know you said to save all the sappy stuff until later, but… really. I mean it. I don’t think I could have gotten here without you.”

Buckly smiles, shifting on his feet in a motion that Steve can only see through shadow as he turns his gaze onto the ground in order to watch the tip of the shovel sink in. “You could’ve. You just didn’t have to.” 

There’s a comfort in that that settles Steve’s mind enough for him to continue digging without conversation, focusing instead on the rhythmic process of scooping up rocky soil from the cave floor and piling it to the side. The map marked the cavern’s location, but it wasn’t detailed enough to mark the exact spot in the smaller space that Erskine’s materials must be located in. 

That leaves Steve with only his best guess to go off of, which is why he’s chosen to begin in the center. It’s the most obvious spot he can think of, though the obviousness is likely why that isn’t where the hiding spot is. Erskine was smarter than that. Smart enough not to keep his most precious work at the lab, and definitely smart enough to make sure that his magic didn’t fall into the wrong hands. 

Steve doesn’t think that his hands will be the wrong hopes, or at least he hopes. He has good intentions for what the Serum is to be used for. He sighs and stands to move to a different spot once his first try turns out futile, heading next to a location closer to the back wall. There are groove marks in the stone there, so this is most likely where Erskine used that pickaxe of his. Steve would wonder what the man had been looking for in here if he wasn’t so busy looking for something himself. 

The second attempt doesn’t unearth anything either, so once again, Steve sighs and moves to somewhere else, this time to the left where the dirt looks suspiciously clear of rocks in comparison to the rest of the area. Context clues work wonders. All those years of cooped up tutoring might just pay off after all. 

Sure enough, Steve only has to dig about six inches in before the blade of his shovel hits something solid with a heavy thud that has his hands nearly trembling with both nerves and excitement even as he’s still in the process of pulling the shovel out to throw to the side so that he can start brushing away the remaining dirt that sits on top. He doesn’t even stop to worry about getting his hands filthy. His usual cleanliness can wait until after he gets the chest he can now see peeking out from beneath the topsoil out of the ground.

Again, buried treasure feels like a bit of a cliche to end his quest with, even more so now that he knows the treasure was buried in what is very clearly a chest. To be fair, it is a miniature one, but it’s a chest nonetheless. It’s covered in damp dirt and looks to have been underground for quite some time, so the chest itself isn’t in the best of condition, but Steve doesn’t really care. 

He’s not here for the chest. He’s here for what’s (hopefully) inside it. All that’s left between him and bisho discovery is a rusty latch that looks so weak his weathering that it could probably be broken with his fingers, if they would stop shaking enough for him to try. It isn’t the cold this time, and both Steve and Bucky know it, which must be why Bucky finally breaks his silent streak to speak. 

“I don’t think it’s gonna bite you,” he says lightly, despite the fact that when Steve looks at him he can see the cautious excitement he’s wearing in his own expression. Even if he meant what he said earlier about Steve not needing the Serum, he looks like he does want him to have the happiness of finding it. “But if you get a splinter, I still have that salve in my bag we can use to fix it.”

Of course Bucky’s reassurance has to contain his usual asshole remark to top it all off with. Steve snorts and leans back on the heel of his boots, letting his knees press into the dirt so he can set the chest on his lap. It feels heavy, which means

is definitely inside of it. 

“If the Serum is in here, I don’t think that’s a problem you’ll have to solve,” he murmurs, running the pad of his pointer finger over the latch. It feels loose. Just one pull would probably be enough. With all the effort Erskine went through to hide this thing, it’s ironic he didn’t seal it with a lock, but Steve isn’t going to complain about that little oversight. 

Or maybe it was intentional. Erskine abandoned this chest here, so there’s a possibility that he thought whoever came this far to find it

to have an easy way to open it up. Steve doesn’t tend to use the word ‘deserving’ to describe himself, but he’s also never put this much effort into an endeavor before. 

He looks at Bucky one last time. He needs to have this last moment with him during the

of whatever happens. If this whole thing ends up being a failure, he wants to have this memory of hope and promise to hold close through the disappointment. He wants to remember what Bucky looks like while he’s still proud of what they’ve done, while he still believes in Steve’s ability to lead. 

Bucky smiles, and though Steve can’t find it in himself to move his face enough to smile back, it does help his shoulders relax as he takes in a final deep breath and uses his finger to flick open the latch. It’s now or never. 

This might be the end of his quest, but what he wants it to be is the beginning of something even more grand

He stares down at the box and holds his breath, not letting it out until the hinges have finished creaking open and he’s able to clearly see the contents this small wooden box holds. His first reaction is to blink at them. He does so at least five times before he bothers to let his exhale out. 

All things considered, what he finds sitting in the chest isn’t

by his usual expectations, but he did grow up in a castle where his first real possession in this world was a crown. He doesn’t like to think of himself as spoiled, but he does think that if he said what he’s thinking right now out loud, he might come off as such. Then again, his thoughts are moving so fast right now that he’d be lucky to get any of them out at all. 

His mind feels just as cloudy as the liquid he’s staring at looks, though that might just be due to the age of the bottle it's being held in. Even if the liquid itself

cloudy, it also sort of looks like it’s… glowing? The color is a faint bluish green, almost the exact same shade as what Steve thinks his eyes appear as in his looking glass whenever the sun comes in through his bedroom window and hits the wall it leans again just right. 

That doesn’t mean anything, he knows, but there’s a dumb part of his brain that wants to take the coincidence as a sign that he really was meant to find this. That he really is going to drink this and he alright— most likely even

when he comes out the other side. 

Despite the determination he’s shown thus far when it came to getting here, now that he finally is, that same damn feeling of being

has begun to sink back in. It really never left, but it is a bit different, because now all of those insecurities are accumulating into a fear that has Steve’s throat going so tight staring down at this bottle that he may not even be able to swallow its contents at all. 

The first thing he manages to force back out of it isn’t even a full word, but half of one. Maybe not even a word. A syllable. A sound. “

The way Steve is still crouching has him at an angle where Bucky can see his lap, so when he poses his next question, it’s probably more out of amazement than actual askance. “You found it.” He laughs, pushing off the wall as he claps his hands together with a shake of his head that’s as equally amazed as his exclamation. “Shit, Steve, you really found it.”

“We.” Steve’s sudden interruption surprises even himself. Apparently he’s going to have to work up to an actual word before he gets to sentences, so that’s what he starts with when he hurries to correct himself. “

Bucky’s smile turns soft around the edges, and even in the dim glow of the lamplight Steve can see something misty shining in his eyes. Before he can figure out what it is, though, Bucky is shaking his head again and straightening up to step closer. 

“Alright, new ground rule,” he says, stopping a few feet away from where Steve’s displaced dirt begins piling up. “We save all the sappy talk

the technicalities until later. I’m pretty sure you’re supposed to be drinking up right about now anyways, aren’t you?”

It’s a light remark Steve can tell is meant mostly in jest, but also as a gentle reminder, the same sort that Bucky has been giving him all day in order to get them here in the first place. Steve still has to sigh and shoot a small joke back while he tries to sum up his courage to follow through on the unofficial instructions. 

“What, you don’t want the first sip?” He raises the bottle and takes a long look at it that is only in part meant to be for show. The sight of the turquoise liquid tilting inside of the glass with the motion makes his stomach turn in both fear and excitement. “I think there’s enough for two in there.”

The two of them share another set of smiles, this time followed by a look that Steve almost wants to describe as

. And why shouldn’t he? He has just about everything he could think of wanting right in front of him. Bucky. The Serum. The completion of his quest, and the resulting return home as a hero. In this moment, everything is hopeful, even if not yet perfect. 

Which is why it only makes sense for the moment after to be the one where almost all of those hopes are immediately shattered. 

“I sure hope so, because I gotta tell you— after the trip we just took, I’m feeling a little parched. How about you, fellas?”

Steve’s stomach doesn’t stop at simply turning this time around. Once the fear hits it, it drops, even deeper down than the dangerous timbre of Rumlow’s voice. Rumlow, who is now standing by the cave entrance where Bucky had been not two minutes before, staring at Steve with a smile that holds none of the same warmth as the ones Steve and Bucky had just been sharing. 

The men behind him are smiling too, expressions turning even more menacing as Rumlow beckons them forward to flank around his sides. The same formation they had taken back at the stable. 

Steve’s arm throbs at the memory, but he makes sure not to move a single muscle, even when Bucky moves plenty of his own to draw out his sword. He steps forward into his usual stance, but Steve can see the extra shift he adds onto the end that’s meant to place him between Steve and three angry men looming in the entry of their only exit. 

“Rumlow.” Bucky’s voice is admirably calm in comparison to what this situation surely calls for. “I thought I taught you your lesson about following us last night. Did it really not sink in enough when you were running away into the dark like a

The insult is still spat out, but Bucky is showing so much control over himself that something in Steve almost wishes he were on the other side of Bucky’s body so that he could be at his feet for a different reason. That urge is quickly quashed by the sound of Rumlow’s responding laughter, so cruel that it’s almost a cackle. 

“Well, when you put it like that, Barnes… what’s say I’m here to win back a little honor?” he drawls, giving his companions two sideways glances they suggest Steve and Bucky are the only ones here not in on that joke. “Is that how you goody two shoes would put it? Honor’s the sort of thing you lot love to go on about, right?” Now he’s the one that spits, down on the ground between where he and Bucky are standing. It’s a clear insult only driven in deeper by the actual words that Rumlow follows the gesture up with. “I preferred you with a muzzle on, Soldier.”

“You seem pretty preoccupied with the damn thing,” Bucky mutters. “Maybe you should be the one to wear it instead.”

Rumlow doesn’t laugh this time. Instead, his eyes narrow enough for Steve to slowly start inching one hand towards the hilt of his sword while he tries not to drop the Serum with the other, lest the light it puts off draw any more attention to him than necessary. 

Unfortunately, paying attention to the Serum seems to be a vast majority of Rumlows plans, as he helpfully reveals a few moments later. “Well, I’d say yes, but as it turns out… that mask of yours is pretty hard to track down. But, if we can’t have it—“ And now he steps forward, his foot leaving an imprint in the dirt behind him. Is that how he tracked them through the cave? Steve would wonder about that more if it weren’t for Rumlow going on. “We can at least have that little elixir of yours, right? We’ll call it even and I’ll let you and your little princess run away without telling Pierce what really happened.”

From this position, Steve can’t see if Bucky’s mouth is open, but before he knows it, his is. The retort that comes out is automatic. “It’s a

He stands now too before he can think better of it, sword up and out in a mirror image of Bucky’s own stance. “And I’m no princess.”

is probably close enough, but Rumlow doesn’t need to know that. Though if he’s dumb enough to be with HYDRA, let alone dumb enough to think he can take Bucky on in a fair fight, there’s probably no hope left for him. Hope isn’t something that a man like him is concerned with, and regrettably, neither is fighting fair.

A sly grin is the only warning either of them get before Rumlow is lifting up his own sword and signalling for his men to spring into the same action he takes himself. “I just want you to know, princess— this ain’t personal!” he yells, right as his blade strikes down against Bucky’s for the first time. “But I’m gonna need you to hand that bottle over!”

Fighting and talking aren’t two things Steve is accustomed to doing at the same time just yet, but he does his best to get the last word in without getting distracted. Call him stubborn, but he can’t let this piece of shit have that satisfaction. “It kinda feels personal,” he growls, sparks flying from the sharp edge of his sword when one of Rumlow’s goons takes his own first stab forward. “But before we get started, I’ll do the

thing and ask-“ He even has the energy to smile as he flips his sword handle in his hand to next bring it down from over his shoulders in one of the fancier movies Bucky had taught him the day before. “Before we get started, does anybody want to get out?”

They don’t. If anything, that only makes them fight even harder, and Steve might regret saying it if it weren’t for the lopsided smile and fond look Bucky throws him after. At least Steve thinks that’s what he saw. He can’t really be sure with how fast everything starts happening after. 

The fight passes in a blur. Three against one isn’t the easiest disadvantage to overcome even with Bucky’s skills, and fighting in lamplight a second time leaves the exchange just as poorly lit as the first. Steve has to look down at his feet while blocking another blow just to make sure he isn’t stepping on the Serum bottle. He tries to push his opponent forward towards the cavern entrance in order to force him out and can see Bucky doing the same with both of his out of the corner of his eye. 

Hw feels a little bad that Bucky is the one having to handle the imbalance in their numbers, but there’s nothing he can do about that until he takes care of his own business: beating whoever this guy is. Physically, he doesn’t look like much of a challenge for a man of Steve’s size, but if Steve plays his cards right, he doesn’t think he’ll have to handle that problem up close. 

If he were in the courtyard or a joust, he knows that his card would probably be considered a cheating move, but they aren’t back at the castle. They’re in the real world, and as such, Steve doesn’t feel that guilty about it when during his opponent’s next strike, at the same time Steve blocks it with arms, he uses his leg to sweep the man’s feet out from under him, completely aware that they’re close enough to the cave wall for him to hit his head on the way down. On par with Steve’s predictions, he does. He’s knocked out before he hits the ground. 

For a second, Steve just stands and stares down at the slumped form in front of him. Don’t get him wrong, he doesn’t take pleasure in hurting anyone, but— this is different. He isn’t thinking about anything other than the fact that he won. He

He almost wants to grin and turn to tell Bucky about the accomplishment, but the sound of blades clashing quickly brings him back to reality. Steve may have won his fight, but the battle is still going on. Bucky has protected him plenty of times on this quest. Now it’s Steve’s turn to lend him a helping hand. 

Bucky does notice him joining the fold, in any case. He doesn’t turn to face him— can’t, with how Rumlow is trying to slash his arm— but he does yell out one of his usual asshole remarks. “Nice of you to join us!”

Steve would smack him for that if they weren’t on the same side, but as things are— “Are you kidding?” he shouts in return. “I could do this all day!”  With the amount of adrenaline pumping through him, that feels like it could be true. Steve has never felt like this before, not even when they were training and Bucky had him on his knees on the forest floor.

They don’t exchange words after that, focusing back on the blows being dealt out instead. Their fighting falls into a surprisingly easy pattern now that they’re side by side, and though most of his attention is elsewhere, Steve can’t help but spare a thought to just how in sync they are. The two of them make a good team. Steve might even go as far as to call them

It’s a tempting title to add onto all of their others. 

The fight is going well with the two of them working together in a combined effort to drive their opponents back and out of the cavern entrance, but then, out of nowhere, the blur of it all changes directions. The fight

going well, but before Steve can even get his head back on straight, it suddenly isn’t. He’s not even sure of what exactly happens, but he thinks it has something to do with Rumlow kicking off of the wall and performing some sort of maneuver that leaves him positioned behind them, giving him the perfect opportunity to push his blade up against Bucky’s neck. 

Everything goes still after that. Especially Bucky, but Steve as well. He takes Rumlow’s smile for the threat that it is and immediately halts his actions, uncaring of how it leaves him on the losing side as long as Bucky is in danger of losing his life. Rumlow would be more than happy to kill him, and everyone in this cave knows it. 

Rumlow doesn’t say any of that specifically, but the glint in his eye is enough to get that message across even without what he growls out next. “Drop the sword if you don’t want to see his throat get slit.”

Steve’s fingers feel so numb that doing as Rumlow says isn’t even a conscious decision so much as a natural reaction.

Before he can find his voice again, somehow Bucky is the one to find his first, even with the sword pressed against his neck. “Steve, don’t give him what he wants,” he warns. The words are raspy. “He’ll kill me even if you do. Don’t trust him with the Serum, Steve, don’t let him—“

“Shut it!” Rumlow presses his blade even closer to Bucky’s skin. Steve is so zeroed in on the motion that he can see the thin line of blood bubble up among the dark stubble of his beard within seconds. “Another word from you and it’ll be his throat instead.”

Bucky shuts up after that, but he keeps his eyes on Steve, mouth set into a thin line that Steve knows is supposed to further the message he’d just delivered.

. Steve isn’t stupid, even if his head is spinning right now. He doesn’t trust Rumlow one bit, but what else can he do but comply with his orders? He can’t just sit here and do nothing. He can’t let Bucky be killed. 

Steve thought the Serum was worth everything to him, but it’s being made clearer than ever now that Bucky Barnes means even more. 

“You’re not gonna die, Buck,” he says quietly, praying to God that if he says that, it’ll increase the chances of it being true. “I won’t let that happen.”

Rumlow hums. “That’s sweet of you to say, but I think that actions speak louder than words.” Now his eyes are locked with Steve’s instead of Bucky’s, the look in them darker than any shadow in the cavern. “So how about you go get that Serum of yours and hand it over.” He’s smiling again, just as sinisterly as before. “You do it without a fight and I might even be willing to let him go.”

Bucky still doesn’t speak back up, but the expression he’s wearing begs Steve not to listen. He knows better than anyone here just how much Steve hates listening to orders he didn’t ask for, but not even his stubbornness is enough to outweigh his urge to protect the man who helped him come so far, who helped him get here to the Serum in the first place. 

The terror of this situation is enough to push Steve towards finally admitting something to himself that he thinks he’s known all along. He’s willing to give up the Serum because he wants to protect the man that he loves. 

Now isn’t the time or place to let Bucky know that, though, so Steve takes a deep breath and does the only thing that he can think to. He does what he’s told, abandoning his sword on the ground in favor of walking towards where the Serum is lying a few feet away. He picks it up and closes his eyes as he wraps his fingers around the bottle, taking in the weight and feeling of the cold glass for what is likely going to be the last time. 

When he eventually hands the bottle to Rumlow, the man’s touch is just as cold, as is his smile even in the warmth of the lamplight. “Thanks, princess.” 

Steve can’t bring himself to look at Bucky as Rumlow flicks out the stopper to the bottle. He can’t look at anything when Rumlow raises the now opened bottle to his mouth, eyes squeezing shut as the man takes the first sip of the Serum that was supposed to be

This was his dream, his quest. As desperate as he is for Bucky to be let go, he can’t keep this from hurting a little. 

Evidently, hurt is on the cards for more than one of them, because about two seconds after he swallows is when Steve hears Rumlow start screaming. 

Bucky is more accustomed than he would like to be with the sound of people screaming. That part of his brain that is always comparing his current self to his past one knows that the younger, more naive Bucky Barnes would probably try and make a joke out of that, most likely about the amount of people he took to bed. 

But the Bucky Barnes of the present moment? He’s more accustomed to hearing people scream out of terror than anything else. He knows the levels of fear a person’s voice can reach depending on how afraid they are that they’re about to be killed in the worst case scenario and seriously injured in the best. He knows the exact difference between fright and fear, between terror and trepidation. He’s been the cause of it so many times that he may as well know the sound of a scream just as well as he knows his own name. 

The scream he’s hearing right now isn’t like the rest. Usually when Bucky hears someone screaming, he has a blade to their throat, not one against his, though that blade drops down almost immediately as the scream being let out directly into Bucky’s ear gets even louder. 

His reflexes take over as soon as he senses that he’s being freed, battle instincts allowing him to catch both the blade and the bottle that Rumlow has just let go before they hit the ground. It’s a good thing, too. Having access again to a sword leaves him with the upper ground once again, and having the bottle in hand gives him the relief of knowing that he and Steve are back in possession of the Serum. 

That relief vanishes just as quickly as it had come once Bucky’s eyes land on the source of the screaming— Rumlow. He’s the one letting out that awful sound, but as Bucky looks at him, he’s the one that feels his expression creep towards something like horror, because Rumlow’s own expression isn’t even a real expression anymore. Bucky’s not sure what to call it. He has no words he can think of to describe the sight that’s before him, but his best attempt would have to be that Rumlow’s face appears to be melting off. 

Bucky hates the man, and he knows he has that right more than maybe anyone else alive. But this… this sight, this sound? It’s awful, and yet no one in the cavern can seem to avert their eyes even as the horror continues. 

Rumlow is on his knees now, clutching at his own cheeks like that will do anything to stop the skin from dripping down, knees digging down into the damp dirt of the cave floor as the pain gets stronger and what’s happening to him only appears to get worse. The way the lamplight hits him from an upward angle that casts shadows that make it look even more ghastly, but Bucky suspects that even if they were watching this out in the daylight, this process would still be disturbing. 

He still can’t take his eyes off of it until he finally hears a sound other than Rumlow screaming interrupt his fascinated disgust. Even then, Steve sounds pretty disgusted himself. 

“Oh my god,” he breathes. When Bucky casts a glance towards him, he can see all of his own feelings reflected on the blonde’s face. Shock, curiosity, confusion, fear. There are so many other emotions involved, but there still aren’t enough words in existence to describe the full picture that what they’re watching evokes. Steve still tries, but all of those feelings, wordless or not, have his voice coming out in a croak. “Is he dying? Did the Serum…”

“It worked.” Bucky answers the second question because his answer to the first (

‘we can only hope’)

doesn’t quite feel appropriate. He doesn’t think Steve will appreciate it. Has he ever seen a man die before? “That’s what the Serum does. Brings out a man’s true colors, or in this case— reveals what he is inside.” 

That’s a paraphrase of some of what they’d read in their research. Bucky can’t remember the exact phrasing of the Serum’s intended effects, but he knows the general points. The Serum amplifies both the good and the bad inside, which is exactly what’s going on with Rumlow now. Maybe if he had done some research of his own, he would have known not to drink it. 

Rumlow is a coward. A killer. A liar. A thief. He’s a bad man, and with the Serum, that’s something that’s being shown even more clearly. That thought is what allows Bucky to finally find the words to describe what they’re seeing. 

He steps back and to the side so that he’s closer to where Steve is standing by the cavern’s back wall, holding up Rumlow’s sword and pointing it to where Rollins is still standing by the entrance looking scared out of his mind. Bucky can’t blame him for once, but he can warn him— “This is what magic costs men like you.” Rollins doesn’t respond. Bucky doesn’t expect him to. Instead of waiting for him to move on his own, Bucky moves his pointed sword to the side and jabs it forward. “I suggest you take your friend and run.”

There is no honor among thieves, and even less among HYDRA agents, so Bucky isn’t particularly stunned when Rollins scoops up Ward’s still limp body in his arms and heeds Bucky’s instructions without so much as a second glance to his other companion, now curled up in the corner. He might be unconscious, or maybe even dead. Bucky isn’t sure he cares about either option as much as he should. 

Rumlow was a bad man. He got what he deserved. The Serum made sure of that. 

Speaking of the Serum, Bucky shifts his gaze down towards where he still has the bottle clutched in hand. It’s a little surprising that he’s the only one focusing on it, but Steve keeps himself busy for the next few moments with rushing over to the cavern entrance to (as Bucky assumes) make sure that Rollins and Ward are really leaving. Bucky can’t see for himself, but he knows that they are. Rumlow wasn’t the only coward in this cave today.

While Steve is walking back over, Bucky spares another glance at Rumlow's slumped form. Should he pity the man? Feel satisfied? Feel sorry? He was a bad man, but Bucky is trying to be a good one. Does it make

bad to hope that Rumlow is gone? Does it make him a coward to not want to actually know the answer?

He’s debating on going over and checking the man’s heartbeat when he feels a gentle hand settle over his forearm to help him lower his sword. An equally gentle whisper follows. “They’re gone.”

When Bucky meets Steve’s eyes, he can see the faint bits of fear still present among the blue. He can’t say for sure what the fear is from, but he thinks that he has a pretty good idea, so he keeps his voice just as gentle in return. “I think they all are.” He’s talking about Rumlow, and based off of Steve’s nod, he doesn’t need that to be specified aloud. 

What he does need is apparently something comparably lighthearted, as Bucky finds a moment later when Steve hesitantly moves to extract Rumlow’s sword from his grip, bending down slowly to set it on the ground between them. They aren’t in any obvious danger anymore, so Bucky lets him, watching curiously to see what Steve is going to do next. He’s expecting him to take the Serum away, but that’s not what happens. It isn’t what Steve needs. 

What he needs, as it turns out, is a hand to hold. Bucky’s, to be particular about it. Bucky stands and silently watches while Steve moves to do that as well, lacing their fingers together and lowering them down so that Steve’s knuckles are pressed against his own leg andBucky’s palm is left to face it. It’s a simple gesture, one that seems a bit out of place until Steve speaks up just as hesitantly as he had taken the sword. 

“While I drink it… will you…” He swallows and closes his eyes, taking in a deep breath before continuing through his obvious nerves. “Will you just… stay?” 

Bucky’s answer is automatic, but only because it’s so heartfelt. He doesn’t even give it a second thought. “Of course I will,” he says quietly. Then, with a smile, in the hopes of getting Steve to smile too, “How many times do I have to say that ‘end of the line’ bit for it to sink into that thick skull of yours, huh?” He means that as a teasing remark, but also as an attempt to get Steve to see the honesty in his words. Every time he says that line, he means it. 

He’s had Steve’s back for this entire quest. Of course he’ll stay standing at his front when he needs it. Where else is he gonna go right now anyways?

To him, the choice is obvious, but Steve still looks relieved at the confirmation that Bucky isn’t about to turn tail and leave him. Half of that might be because Bucky is still the one holding the Serum to begin with, but mostly Bucky thinks that it’s because Steve, even if he won’t admit it, is terrified to go through this alone. The both of them have spent so much of their lives that way, but now, they don't have to. 

Bucky doesn’t let go of Steve’s hand even when he finally does pass the bottle over, but before he can let Steve take it from him completely, he has a couple of more things to get out. Maybe Steve doesn’t need to hear them, but Bucky needs to say them, so squeezing Steve’s fingers slightly with his own, that’s what he does. 

“You’re a good man, Steve Rogers,” he tells him, stating the obvious first. “And it has been an honor to help get you here.” 

Although he’s speaking of helping Steve, Bucky can’t help himself, it seems, because he’s lifting their joined hands up to touch his lips to Steve’s knuckles before he even realizes that his mind has made the choice. Once he does realize, he knows that he

speak against the skin like he eventually chooses. But he can’t let go of Steve after he’s been asked to stay here with him for what is likely going to be his life’s biggest moment. 

Bucky exhales, breaking every boundary he’s tried to set himself by relishing in the way the motion leaves his beard brushing against the outside of Steve’s warm, strong grip. “Whatever happens once you…” Saying

seems like such a small way to phrase it that Bucky just shakes his head and skips over that part of his sentence. It’s the ending sentiment that matters the most, in any case. “Just know that I believed in you even before, and I’ll believe in you after.”

Steve gives him a small smile and squeezes his hand in return, but for once, it’s him that takes the opportunity to speak. “What happened to saving all the sappy talk for later?” Then, sobering up before Bucky can shoot back a response, “As long as we’re breaking the rules… I know I said it before, but really, Buck.

There’s so much genuine gratitude in his tone that Bucky doesn’t know what to do with it. He’d take it to heart, but to be honest, that space feels like it’s already spilling over. Steve isn’t just a good man. He’s one of the bravest that Bucky has ever met. With what just happened to Rumlow, no one could blame him if he wanted to back out of taking the Serum, but he doesn’t look like he’s going to. That’s not the type of man Steve Rogers is. 

Steve Rogers rises to a challenge, even when he has no idea of what the outcome will be. He’s a stupid, self sacrificing, and stubborn as all get out, and seeing just how courageous he is makes Bucky wish now more than ever that

were courageously stupid enough to lean in and kiss him the way thay he’s been wanting to since they left the castle. 

But even if Bucky were that stupid, he isn’t that selfish. This moment is special, but it also belongs to Steve, not the temptations of Bucky’s mouth. So, with a small smile of his own, Bucky dips his chin down in an encouraging nod. “I’d say we could toast to something, but I don’t think that’s how it works when you’re drinking alone.”

Steve snorts and flicks his gaze down to meet where he’s raising the bottle up, the blue tinted glow of it gleaming in his eyes. “I don’t know. There should be enough left for us both since it only took one sip for Rumlow to—“ He’s obviously trying to make a joke, but he falters before he can finish it. The subject is too morbid and the fear from it too fresh.

Bucky doesn’t press him to complete the remark. It’s not him that needs to lighten up right now. “I’ll tell you what,” he says in an attempt to help out with that task. “You can buy me a drink after dinner tonight to make it up to me, how about that?”

Steve’s smile still looks a little weak around the edges, but his sigh sounds a little more amused than it does anxious. “I’d like that,” he exhales. “S’long as you let me drink with you.”

“Hey, the quest doesn’t end until we get back to the castle,” Bucky points out. “‘Course you’ll be drinking with me. We’re a package deal, Rogers.” Now that Steve has a good grip on the Serum, Bucky uses his newly freed up hand to clap him on the shoulder of his uninjured arm. “Two peas in a pod, remember?”

Steve does look sort of green at the moment, but Bucky chooses to write that off as a byproduct of the Serum's faint glow. Even if the hue is due to Steve being sick with nerves, that doesn’t stop him from raising the bottle in that mock toast Bucky had mentioned a minute before. “Two peas in a pod,” he echoes. Bucky, ever the gentleman, chooses to let Steve get the last word in before he finally takes the fateful sip that all of this has been building up to, Steve swallowing hard even while the bottle is away from his mouth as he gets it out. “Here goes nothing.”

Here goes everything

is what Bucky knows he means, but even Steve seems to know better than to jinx himself by saying that out loud. In fact, he doesn’t say anything else at all before he makes his move to hold the lip of the bottle up to his mouth and tilts his head back as he takes a large gulp of the liquid inside. 

Bucky holds his breath and Steve’s hand both as he waits for the effects to present themselves. Steve’s eyes close as he swallows, so Bucky makes sure to keep his own open. He doesn’t want to miss a moment as significant as this one, not even to blink.

He guesses that’s what makes it feel so anticlimactic when the moment passes so fast that Bucky doesn’t realize it’s over until Steve is blinking and lowering the bottle down, looking completely composed. Unlike Rumlow, he isn’t screaming. Hell, Bucky is close enough to see that he isn’t even breaking a sweat. In fact, he’s so unfazed that Bucky almost isn’t sure that he’d really taken that sip after all, but one look down at the change in the bottle’s level tells him that his first thought was true 

Steve did drink the Serum, but somehow… nothing has happened at all. Nothing has changed save for the expression Steve is wearing on his face, formerly one of hope that has now turned into something closer to confusion. He looks even more lost than he had while they were still searching for the lab. 

The confusion might even be cute if it weren’t for the amount of stress that Bucky can clearly see it causing him. “I don’t understand,” Steve says, staring down at the bottle like the magic that’s meant to be in it will somehow spring into enough action to give him an answer. “I drank the same as Rumlow did— Shouldn’t it have done

I don’t feel different. Do I look different?

He’s staring at Bucky now instead, brow furrowed and mouth dropped open for a split second before it starts moving a mile a minute again. “Does

seem different to you?” he demands, dropping Bucky’s hand in favor of beginning to pat it over his chest. “Anything at all?”

Far be it from Bucky to refuse an opportunity to take a long look at Steve’s body. He does make an effort to keep his own staring serious, but he can admit his eyes do linger on a few specific areas that definitely aren’t where he eventually does spot the difference Steve is looking for. Or the place for a potential one, anyways. The best way to see if the Serum has worked is to look somewhere where an imperfection was present before, right? 

Bucky would say so. He

say so a second later. “Your bandages,” he murmurs, taking advantage of being the only one with two free hands in order to grab the fabric wrapped around Steve’s forearm and begin untying the knot that he’d used to secure it the night before. “Take them off and we’ll see what’s underneath.”

Steve’s nod is jerky, and though Bucky’s suggestion is worded in a way that would have him being the one to begin unraveling the bandage, it’s actually Bucky who does it, not wanting to waste the time that it would take for Steve to find the bottle’s stopper and set it down. No matter how worked up he is, Steve won’t want to waste what’s left of it. He’s too smart for that. 

Despite all of those smarts, when Bucky’s motions eventually lead to the revelation of what’s under the bandage, he does still almost drop the bottle. Once again, it’s only Bucky’s reflexes that allow him to catch it in mid air, leaving Steve as the only one staring down at the small silver scar that is now etched into the otherwise smooth skin of his arm. 

It’s not noticeable— or at least it wouldn’t be were it not for the fact that both of them are very aware of what

be there but somehow isn’t any longer. The slash mark from yesterday’s fight with Rumlow is gone, and in its place is this scar, so nondescript and faint that Bucky might have mistaken it for a candlestick burn if he weren’t there for the recently inflicted injury that left it behind. 

This scar looks not only healthy, but also completely healed, which can only lead to one conclusion when it comes to answering the question that Steve had asked a minute ago.

Shouldn’t the Serum have done something? 

As it turns out, it did. It just didn’t do anything else. 

Bucky doesn’t know exactly what either of them expected it to really do in the first place— Steve is already tall, already handsome, already strong— but it feels like it should have done something equally as obvious as what it had done to Rumlow, even if hopefully on the other end of the spectrum. Rumlow was a bad man (or maybe he

one? Bucky still doesn’t know his official life or death status). Steve, on the other hand, is a good one. 

Maybe that’s the real answer to all of this, Bucky realizes. Maybe he was right about things all along. Steve never needed the Serum, and this is better proof of that than Bucky could have ever asked for. He probably should keep his newfound conviction to himself for a little longer than he does, but Steve is standing there looking so miserable about the matter that it’s all Bucky can think to do to comfort him. 

you so,” he blurts out, carrying no regrets over making such a bold statement even when Steve gives him an incredulous look and a frown. He’s heartbroken over what he thinks is his failure, but Bucky can

that if he can get him to see the truth. “Steve, cmon. I know you’re not this blind. Do you really not see what happened here?” 

Steve shakes his head and tries to interrupt, but Bucky only shakes his head even harder and plucks the still open bottle from Steve’s grip, carefully tucking it upright into his vest pocket so he can clasp their hands together instead, holding

of Steve’s tight with his own this time. 

“Steve.” Bucky repeats his name a second time, bringing both of their joined grips up to rest between their chests, separated by a mere amount of inches. Bucky’s heart is beating so hard that he half expects that Steve will be able to feel it, but he doesn’t stop to ask. What he does ask ends up being a much more pointed question. “Why did you want the Serum in the first place?” 

In truth, Bucky isn’t sure if Steve can tell where this is about to go, but his assumption— whatever it is— is apparently enough to get him to shake his head yet again, loosening his grip. He doesn’t step back, though, not even when he finally whispers a one worded response. “Buck…”

“Why did you want it?” Bucky pushes.

Steve still isn’t having it. “Don’t,” he says. 

Bucky doesn’t let up. “Don’t

The honorific is what gets Steve to break, and Bucky might feel bad about that if he didn’t need Steve to answer the question so badly, but as things are— “Don’t make this into something it’s not! Don’t— don’t make this about—“

“About you?” Bucky interrupts again, this time with a step forward on his own end that has Steve taking one back, bringing him back closer to the cave wall. “This entire quest has been about you, sweetheart, so don’t try and pull that card now. So I’m gonna ask you again:

why did you want the Serum?

Out of every damn object or weapon you could have chosen, why was it this one?” 

The thing is, Bucky already knows the answer to all of this. He just has to get Steve to admit to a couple of things before he can drive the message in. 

True to form, Steve is being a stubborn bastard, and now that he’s been pushed, he responds with a shove. A verbal one, of course. “Because I wanted to be better-- I wanted to be good enough for once!” he snaps, shoulders squaring up and jaw clenching in a way that would look threatening to anyone who didn’t know that those reactions are ones that for Steve equate to defense. 

Bucky hates that he’s the one that Steve feels the need to defend himself from, he really does. But this is such an important conversation that backing off isn’t even an option. Thankfully, Steve’s most recent response is one that he can build off of. 

“Because you wanted to be good enough,” he murmurs, thumb brushing in a circle over top of Steve’s knuckles as he recites his words back to him verbatim before adding on some more of his own original ones. “Not because you wanted to be more powerful. Not because you wanted more control for

, but because you wanted to be good enough for others.” His other thumb is moving in circles now too. “Because you wanted to be good enough for your kingdom.”

Once again, Steve’s response is back to being a one word whisper. “Bucky…”

“That Serum didn’t do a damn thing to you because you were already good enough without it. Don’t you see that, Steve?”

There’s no way that Bucky can see for him to get out of this argument, but Steve still shakes his head regardless and tries yet again to protest, always getting back up even when he’s put down. That right there just proves Bucky’s point even further, doesn’t it?

He tells him as much. “You are kind. You are brave. You are loyal. You’re strong, you’re smart, you’re resilient, and most of all, you are

The list could go on, but Bucky decides to cut it off before he uses up all of the air in this damn cave in the process of getting across just how good Steve is. “Why is it that you’d rather believe in magic than believe in yourself?” 

That line feels like a pretty solid note to end a speech on if Bucky does say so himself. It must be a pretty solid speech overall with how stunned Steve is left afterwards, the only sound filling the cavern once the echo of Bucky’s words die out being that of their breathing, and even that has slowed down considerably on Steve’s end. Bucky feels a bit the opposite, to be honest. His heart is pounding just as hard as it had been before, but at least some of the weight has been taken off of it. 

He’s said his piece. Now it’s up to Steve to decide whether or not he’ll actually listen to it. He’s not speaking and his eyes are now fixed on the ground, so Bucky’s not sure of what else he could be doing besides mulling over everything he’s just been told, even the things that he already had to have known. 

It’s a topic they’ve been dancing around for a while now, and even if they aren’t yet confronting some of the other tensions that exist between them, this is one that needs to be handled before they can leave this cave. When Steve walks out, he needs to know that the Serum didn’t fail him. If anything, it only confirmed what Steve should have already been aware of— that like Bucky said, he’s a good man, and even more than that, he’s a good leader. 

Everything he’s done on this quest has only helped prove that to Bucky, but heading back home won’t be an easy process if Steve doesn’t understand that on his own. 

There’s silence for a long moment that’s first broken by the sound of Steve exhaling a slow breath. They’re still standing so close that Bucky can feel it tickling at the hairs on his neck, and when Steve looks up again, the air brushes next across his chin as the man standing in front of him clears his throat to finally begin forming a proper response. 

“I don’t think anyone believes in me back at the castle,” he admits, and it comes out painfully honest. He really believes this. “They just…

certain things from me, and I know I’m going to have to give them even more one day, but— God, Buck, do you have any idea what it’s like to have people look at you and see a person that you don’t know if you’ll ever be able to be?” 

His volume is increasing. He’s not hysterical quite yet, but Bucky gives his hand a reassuring squeeze just to try and help calm him down before it gets to that point. It must work, because Steve’s voice is slightly softer when he begins his next sentence. “I’ve been given all of these things, all of this power, but before this quest I had done nothing to deserve it. No one had let me try and do anything about it— it’s why I threw myself into that battle even when I knew it was a bad idea. That's why I came out here.” He gives Bucky a helpless look and a shrug that ends with his shoulders hunching in. “I had to do something to try and change that, but even with the Serum, I’m not sure anything has changed at all.”If Bucky weren’t holding Steve’s hands in his own, he would probably be using at least one of them to smack his forehead to treat him the moron he’s being. If there’s anything that the past Bucky Barnes and the current one have in common, it’s the tendency for bluntness to come out in serious moments, a trait that very quickly makes itself known right now. 

He’s the one that sighs this time, shaking his head in exasperation. “You think you haven’t changed in these past few days?” he demands. “Fuck the Serum. Forget about it for the next few minutes. Look me in the eye and try to seriously tell me that none of what we’ve been through has meant anything to you.” He doesn’t wait very long after he says that before pushing forward, but he doesn’t have to. He knows the answer to that question already and Steve trying to tell him anything to the contrary would be bullshit. “You’re not the only one who has learned things this week, Steve. You’re not the only one on this quest, and I know just how much coming on it has changed me. Don’t try and lie to me about not feeling the same.”

There’s more silence, and then, out of the dim light from the lamp, another quiet sigh let out of Steve’s mouth. This time, his eyes are closed, long lashes casting shadows on his cheeks like spider legs that don’t wander away until he opens his eyes back up. 

“I feel the same about a lot of things, Bucky,” he whispers. Something about the way he says that makes Bucky suspect there are layers in that statement that are being left unspoken. “And I know you’re right about most of it, but… it’s just a lot to take in, okay? Give me some time.”

It’s not exactly the agreement that Bucky wanted them to come to about everything, but for now, he thinks that it’s good enough. The Serum may have healed Steve’s arm, but he does look truly exhausted even with the magic that must still be making its way through his system. That’s likely more of an emotional weariness than a physical one, though, so Bucky decides to let it slide for now. 

He nods and gives their joined grips a final shake before he lets their hands drop back down to their sides. “Okay,” he concedes. He gets it, and no matter what they agree on, he’s got Steve’s back. 

There's another long moment of silence during which Steve doesn’t look at him once, eyes fixed back on the ground instead. He doesn’t appear to be in any place to form a response, so Bucky is the next one to speak again, offering up a tentative suggestion. 

“We can head back to town if you want?”

They’ll need to head there before night falls either way, but Bucky figures the ride might help Steve clear his head a little while he comes to terms with everything that’s happened and been said this afternoon. Frankly, Bucky sort of feels like he needs a little bit of that for himself and he isn’t even the one who took the Serum. Even more frankly, he doesn’t know what else to do. 

Steve’s eyes are distant when he crouches down to pick up the bottle’s stopper, but they settle on Rumlow before he stands back up to hand the cork over. Bucky keeps the Serum pocketed even after he has it sealed again, assuming Steve will want to take it with them. Apparently that isn’t the only thing he’s thinking about doing that for. “Are we just going to… leave him here?”

in this cavern besides the two of them still isn’t moving, though Bucky isn’t expecting him to anytime soon or maybe even ever again considering he got his face melted off by magic gone wrong. Or right, depending on how you look at it. Bucky knows the angle that he sees things from himself, and the influence it has over his answer is firm. 

“We haven’t done anything to him,” he says, bending down himself this time to pick up his lantern and sword. He leaves Rumlow’s own weapon down in the dirt. “So I don’t think we need to do anything

That’s his way of saying he thinks they should leave Rumlow behind to rot, and based off of his nod, Steve knows him well enough to understand the message even without it being said explicitly. Rumlow has done unspeakable things, and most of them have been to Bucky. Hurting him would be justified, but Bucky will settle on not helping him instead. Unlike Rumlow, he’s

to be a good man again. 

Now that they have all of their necessary items in their possession again, it’s time to head back out. Steve has Erskine’s bag slung over his shoulder and his map pulled back out, so he looks to be ready. He confirms as much when he steps towards the entrance, ignoring Rumlow’s body as he passes by. 

He doesn’t say anything about him. He doesn’t say anything at all, not even when they’re both out of the cavern and heading back out through the tunnels that they took to get here. The silence is a little concerning, but Bucky doesn’t know what else there is to be said right now, so he figures that Steve doesn’t either. A lot has happened today. The mood being heavy is normal. 

That doesn’t keep Bucky from worrying about what’s going through Steve’s head, but like Steve had told him, there’s just a lot to take in. He doesn’t reckon that small talk is something that will help that process get any easier, not in this instance. 

Bucky presses his lips together into a tight line, vaguely glad that Steve is walking in front of him so he can’t see the worry he knows is taking over his expression no matter how hard he tries to tamp it down. He fixes his eyes forward in an effort to make them go blank, but the only thing that does is give him a good look at the way Steve’s new scar is shining in the lamplight where his arm is bent up to hold the map closer to his face. 

It only reminds Bucky of the thought that he had had earlier, that the scar is physical

that Steve has been a good man all along, that this quest made him a better leader than magic ever could have done. Why can’t Steve see that? 

How is Bucky supposed to show him?

He sighs and scuffs his boots into the next step he takes. If this silence lasts as long as he thinks it’s going to, he’ll have plenty of time to think of a way, at least. Things must really be backwards if

is the one trying to be the optimist between them, but as they both see literally about twenty minutes later, there’s always some sort of light at the end of the tunnel. 

They’re finally out of that damn cave. Now all that’s left is for Bucky to get Steve out of his damn head. 

As Bucky had guessed, the silence of Steve’s contemplation lasts almost their entire ride back into town. The only thing he says between their departure from the cave and their arrival at the stables is to Lucky, and even that is only a quiet

” that Bucky only hears thanks to how quickly Evergreen is to slow down once they finally make it to the town limits. 

The pace they take after that is more of a slow walk in order to let the horses cool off and avoid inconveniencing any of the people on the street alongside them. The lack of conversation only becomes even more prominent as a result, the only sounds around them besides the general bustle of town being the slow

of Evergreen and Lucky’s hooves.

Bucky’s own feet land with more of a

once he finally jumps down off of Evergreen’s back, boots landing on the soft dirty path leading towards the stable doors. He pats at his chest as soon as he can afford to free a hand from Evergreen’s lead just to make sure that the Serum is still safe in his pocket. Whether Steve thinks it worked on him or not, they’ve seen what other sort of damage its power can do on the opposite end of the spectrum. The last thing they need is for it to fall into the wrong hands, even if those hands belong to a pickpocket rather than someone from HYDRA. 

The Serum is indeed still safe and sound against his chest, which makes him exhale a sigh of relief even as he’s tensing his shoulders to twist around so that Steve doesn’t catch the motion out of the corner of his eye. He probably doesn’t want to be reminded of it still being in their position just yet. Not when the wound is so fresh. 

Speaking of fresh, that apparently is exactly what word Steve is thinking of, even if in relation to a completely different subject. He pauses where Bucky is pulling the stable door open for them both and hesitates after opening his mouth, clearly wanting to ask a question that doesn’t know how to come out after staying silent for so long. 

Bucky doesn’t try to interrupt with a guess about what he’s about to say like he usually would, instead staying quiet himself while he waits for Steve to speak up. It only takes a few more seconds, anyways. 

Steve’s voice comes out a little hoarse, but it

been a while since either of them stopped for water, so Bucky begrudgingly lets the worry slide in his mind. “I know I promised you that drink earlier, but do you think it’d be alright if I took a bath before dinner? You can eat without me if you want. I know you must be hungry.”

Bucky’s heart pangs at how uncomfortable Steve looks standing there beside Lucky, shoulders slumped down and eyes still as distant as they were inside the cave. He also has enough sweat dripping down his neck and shirtfront for the bath to be a legitimate excuse to spend time alone. Bucky will probably need to take one sooner or later himself, but he had the foresight to tie his hair back earlier in the day, so he’s more than happy to wait. 

Maybe it’s the sympathy talking, but he’s more than happy to cut Steve a break when it comes to the stables as well. As he nods, Bucky leans towards Steve with a hand outstretched that Steve looks confused over until Bucky takes it upon himself to snatch away the lead to Lucky’s bridle. 

“You can go ahead and get freshened up now,” he tells him, trying to shrug the favor off like it’s no big deal. Really, it isn’t. He’d do it for anyone who looks as beaten down as Steve does right now. “Don’t worry about dinner. I’ll bring something for both of us up to the room after I’m done taking care of these two.” 

He pats Evergreen on the rump and then Lucky between the eyes in a good natured show of affection that he almost wishes Steve could be the third party off. Poor guy looks like he needs a hug before a bath, but Bucky won’t make that decision for him. It’s not like he was asked. 

Steve looks grateful for being given what he did ask for, in any case. “Thanks, Buck,” he says quietly, giving him a tentative smile that’s both tired and a bit sad around the edges. He takes a step back towards the inn entrance, but doesn’t turn just yet. “If you need me, I’ll be out back, I guess.” 

That’s where the innkeeper had told them the only offered tub was located, and though Bucky hasn’t seen it, it makes him smile a bit melancholily himself as he thinks back to what Steve had said about never having been allowed to bathe outside on the day they met. Now he’s about to have done it twice. 

, he wants to call out.

changed for you on this quest, haven’t they?

He doesn’t say that in the end, but as he watches Steve walk away the Serum feels even heavier in his pocket. Maybe that’s a side effect of it that actually works. Every time it’s close to a coward, it drags them down to the low down level where they belong. 

It feels like half the sounds Bucky has let out today have been either sighs or shouts, but he can’t help letting out another heavy breath as he gets back to leading Lucky and Evergreen into the stable. 

Steve still needs space, that much is clear. Bucky can keep himself busy for a little while longer. Evergreen and Lucky both need to be fed and watered anyways, and Bucky could probably benefit from cleaning his blade again before getting him and Steve that dinner of their own he promised. 

He doesn’t know how long Steve will wind up taking in the bath, but however long it is, he’ll wait. Probably a little anxiously, but he’ll wait nonetheless. After today’s events, that’s the least he can do. 

He sighs again and pats his hand between Lucky’s eyes once again as he gets him situated inside his stable. “You got any tips on how to get through to the other blonde in our group?” he murmurs. He’s not expecting an answer, of course, but he does still roll his eyes at the responding snort he

get. “You’ve known him longer than me, buddy.” 

But I still know him better

. That thought is too dumb for Bucky to say out loud even while alone, so instead he just shakes his head and moves to the end of the stall to grab the bucket of hay that’s sitting outside of its door. 

“You’re no help. So much for that luck of yours.”

He can’t blame all of his problems on a horse, but it’s easier to talk about them with an animal than it is a human. Bucky used to be a people person, but he’s not sure of what he is now. A mess, maybe. Hopeless, for sure. 

This time when he tries to talk to a damn horse, he directs his comment towards his own steed. “How about you, sweetheart? Got any suggestions for me?”

Evergreen doesn’t do anything but blink and flick her tail, but Bucky wasn’t expecting much else from her either. He sighs for the millionth time and shakes his head. 

He can’t handle everything just yet. Dinner first. Then he can really focus on getting the

of them out of their heads. Heaven knows they need it after today. As today has proven— and as half of their problems are a result of— even a magic Serum can’t fix everything. 

The bath Steve takes at the inn is almost nothing like the ones he usually takes at the castle, but it does still succeed in the two major ways he’d been hoping for when he first told Bucky he wanted to take it: it ends with him feeling clean, but more importantly, a little more clear headed. 

Admittedly, the tub that he gets set up in is much smaller than the ones he’s accustomed to normally, not to mention set up

, but it still works well enough to serve his purposes. The soap he’s provided with smells like pine rather than the lavender scent he always uses when at home, but it’s a pleasant change in pace to smell

, so he doesn’t care much about smelling different. 

That may even be a good thing, come to think of it, because the different scent definitely contributes to him feeling like a brand new man once he finally climbs out of the tub, skin still stinging with how freshly scrubbed it is. It’s ironic that a cloth soaked in warm water has made him feel more changed than the damn Serum had, but Steve tries not to dwell on the bitterness in that thought. 

He can’t afford to get caught up in all of that again, not if he’s trying to be the type of man the Serum’s magic failed to help him become. And yeah, somewhere in the back of his might, he may even think that Bucky has a point about why the Serum didn’t change him like it changed Rumow, but that’s another thought he tries not to focus on. 

He’d rather not focus on anything for the rest of tonight, truth be told. He meant what he said to Bucky about needing time for all of this to sink in, and as it turns out, a few hours just isn’t enough. Not yet. 

Steve stares down at the new scar on his arm as he wipes his upper body down off the remaining bath water. 

He has to tear his gaze away from the silver mark now marring his skin, instead turning his attention to the fresh pile of clothes that one of the inn’s workers had brought down when he was still washing up. His brow furrows when he realizes that the clothes are in fact his, and he’s confused about how they got here until he comes to a second realization. 

Bucky must have sent them down. That means he also must have taken the time to pick them out, which shouldn’t make Steve’s heart do a flip in his chest as hard as it does. He reaches his hand down and traces a finger over the fabric of the item that’s been placed on the top of the stack. It’s just a shirt like any of the other ones he’d packed for the quest, but the fact that it’s a red one still somehow makes his throat thicken up. 

He’d told Bucky that red was one of his favorite colors to wear just the other night. The gesture is small and probably too silly for it to mean as much as Steve is interpreting it, but somehow he thinks that this is Bucky’s way of showing that he’s listening. That he’s trying to make sure Steve is okay even while Steve is asking for space. 

Steve shakes his head with a hoarse laugh that’s meant for no one but him, running a hand through his hair in an attempt to comb out the excess dampness before he moves to shake out the shirt’s fold in order to pull it on. He may have thought Bucky Barnes was the silent and stoic type upon first impression, but he’s been proven wrong more times than he can count the more that he gets to know him. 

There’s nothing particularly special about the pants Bucky sent down for him to wear, but putting them on still furthers the feeling of Steve’s head getting clear, a feeling which only becomes even more secure when Steve takes his belt from the pile of his soiled clothes and cinches it around his waist over top the shirt Bucky provided. His boots are the only other item he takes out of that pile before he reaches for Erskine’s stolen bag and begins stuffing the sweaty fabric inside so that he won’t have to carry it up to the room in a heap that everyone else can see. 

He’s still a prince, after all. He might not be at the castle right now, but he does stilo have some sense of dignity. He tries to use that dignity to summon up some of his neglected royal manners in order to smile at the worker who had left him the clothes while he passed by them on his shortcut through the kitchens. 

“Thank you,” he murmurs with a dip of his head. “The bath was lovely.”

“You’re welcome, sire.” The worker is a younger boy, maybe in his late teens, who looks just as flustered by the thanks as Steve usually feels whenever Bucky says something antagonizing or sweet. 

Steve isn’t used to being on the causal side of such an effect, especially not when it comes to someone who isn’t aware of his status, and to tell the truth, he’s not sure he likes it. It’s flattering, but he’s gone through enough other things today that make him feel like a fraud for his responding smile to the boy to probably come off as tight. 

It’s nothing against the kid, it’s just… Steve doesn’t really want to see anyone else for the rest of the night, he doesn’t think. Not besides Bucky, because Bucky has

seen him at almost every other point in these past few days alone, and there’s a comfort in that familiarity that Steve is in desperate need of. He’s done with space for now, he thinks, even if he does still want some peace and quiet. 

It’s probably insane for Bucky to be such an important person to him when he and Steve have only known each other for about a week, but Steve doesn’t really think that he cares. What does that matter? With the way that they’d met, it may as well be fate for them to have gotten this close this fast. 

Fate is a funny, fickle thing, though. It may have been what brought them together, but was it also what made the end of their quest such a disappointment? Maybe Steve had been destined to knock Bucky off of his horse, but was he also destined to chase after a Serum that in the end barely even worked?

Steve closes his eyes for a brief moment and grips the banister of the staircase, taking in a deep breath before he opens them back up and begins his climb upwards to where Bucky is surely waiting. It’s only been about an hour and a half since Steve last saw him, but once he gets inside their room, it’ll be the first time they’ve been alone inside somewhere since the cave. The quick conversation they’d had outside the stables doesn’t count where Steve’s nerves are concerned. 

He doesn’t even know what he’s nervous about, really. He and Bucky have said plenty of things to each other today, and in comparison to the harsh words and other heartfelt ones they had shared earlier, a little bit of awkwardness should be nothing he can’t handle. Hell, he handled knocking out a HYDRA agent a few hours ago while trying to protect the man— interacting with him after shouldn’t be a problem. 

Besides, there’s at least one obvious thing for him to say as soon as the door opens in response to his knock, Bucky standing on the other side of it and stepping to the side to let him in. Steve clears his throat and offers the greeting up as he passes by him to deposit his bag onto the floor. “Thanks for the clothes.”

Bucky hums and shuts the door behind him with a loud click that makes Steve’s heart jump just about as much as the low sound of Bucky’s voice does. “You’re welcome, but I can assure you it was no trouble.” His lips are turned up slightly when Steve next turns to sit on the bed and begin taking his boots off, already ready to turn in for the night now that he can see Bucky already has their dinner brought up and set on the table. 

Apparently he isn’t done with the small talk just yet, though. He looks like he’s just getting started. 

“You're much neater with your packing than I am,” he says lightly, watching the way Steve tucks his boots under the edge of the bed frame from where he’s now leaning against the table that holds their supper spread. “I don’t think my mother was ever satisfied with my folding skills. Probably why bringing in the laundry was always left to my sister.”

Steve huffs and straightens back up, clasping his hands between his legs to distract from his current inability to meet Bucky’s eyes. This conversation is just as awkward as he’d been apprehensive of, but he has to at least make an effort to meet Bucky halfway. “Yeah, well. I don’t do much of my own laundry, but I am pretty picky about how my stuff gets folded,” he responds, because that’s true. 

The servants might wash his clothes, but putting them away is one thing he’s always insisted upon doing himself, though it’s more out of a sense of self sufficiency than anything. His Ma still finds that little quirk funny, as does Sam, who is always teasing him about how he could use a helping hand with some folding of his own. Sometimes, Steve even follows through on that request, even though he knows it’s meant as a joke. He knows that, but he does it anyway, because he more than anyone is aware of the importance that choosing to serve someone out of love rather than obligation is.

Bucky nods like he gets it even without Steve having gone into further detail about the underlying meaning of his statement. “That’s how I am with cleaning my weapons,” he says absently, glancing down to make sure that his hand is reaching towards the right spot to grab the flagon of what Steve assumes is wine or mead. “Armor, too. Sometimes you just have to do things yourself if you want them done right.”

While Bucky busies himself with pouring their drink into two set aside goblets (revealed to be wine, based off of the rich red shade the liquid comes out in), Steve frowns to himself and lets his brain finally chase down one of the thoughts he’s having. The implications of what Bucky has just said, equating his habit of cleaning his gear with Steve’s habit of folding his clothes… when Steve transfers his own habit onto other people, it’s because he cares about them. Because he loves them. 

Does that mean Bucky does the same? Just last night he had taken the time to clean not just his own sword, but Steve’s as well. Hell, he’d taken the time to make sure he brought along a sword for Steve to carry in the first place. He’d trained him on how to better use it. If taking care of his weapons is something that Bucky considers important, what does that say about his willingness to let Steve partake in the practice? Does that mean that was his way of trying to take care of

Bucky luckily interrupts Steve’s spiral before it can work its way up into a storm, holding out one of the now filled goblets for him to take and carefully gesturing with the hand holding his own to invite Steve over to the table. “Come on and eat up while it’s still warm.”

Steve assumes that means Bucky had brought the food up not very long ago, which is an effort he doesn’t want to let go to waste. After all of the other letdowns they’ve been through today, they can at least end things with a hot meal and a good drink. He stands and follows Bucky’s direction over to the table, taking the seat across from the one Bucky has already obviously chosen for himself. 

As with most of the meals they’ve eaten while on the road, what they have in front of them currently isn’t anything particularly lavish, just some roasted meat, bread, and potatoes. Nothing fancy, but still substantial. Steve’s stomach growls just looking at it, and it’s only now that he realizes he’s eaten almost nothing all day thanks to his choice to go so light on breakfast. His nerves were holding him back then, but nothing is now, so he doesn’t hesitate to dig in with his knife and fork after giving Bucky a grateful look and a quietly murmured

that Bucky only shrugs off. 

He swallows down the combined crust of bread and sip of wine he’d just put in his mouth, wiping it off with the back of his hand in place of a napkin after. A few days ago, Steve would have found the behavior reprehensible, but now, it only makes him feel somehow a little more settled. 

Bucky doesn’t let up on the small talk even while they’re eating, offering up talkative tidbits between his bites and thankfully being kind enough not to badger Steve for his lack of reciprocation past a few silent nods and differently pitched hums meant to convey the bare minimum of emotion. 

Steve’s hungry, but he isn’t starving, so the portions Bucky had started his plate off with are enough to leave him satisfied without even giving a thought to getting seconds. That leaves him pushing around part of a potato skin on his otherwise cleared off plate white Bucky finishes up a tangent about one of Sam’s birds apparently having defecated on Dugan’s saddle the first time he was being shown around the castle grounds. 

Arguably the subject of the story isn’t one that’s most fitting to be told around food, but Steve had finished eating about five minutes ago, so all it does is make him snort and wrinkle his nose, a reaction that’s positive enough for him to finally feel ready to shoot back retort. 

“Remember what I said about it being treason to shoot any of the royal animals,” he warns. It’s a weak joke, but Bucky smiles at it wide enough for his eyes to crinkle up at the sides, which in turn makes Steve warm up to talking even more. “I bet it was Redwing who did that. Little shit gets away with everything just because he’s Sam’s favorite.”

Bucky shakes his head and pushes his plate back, evidently done with eating now himself. “He’s a

he says exasperatedly. “I don’t know how Wilson even tells them apart.”

“When we get back, you can ask him.” Steve sets his fork down a few seconds before Bucky does the same, leaning back in his chair and crossing his arms tightly across his chest. “You two might be able to get along better than you think.” Steve feels agitated saying that for reasons he doesn’t care to unpack, but Bucky alleviates some of the tension with the low laugh he lets out as part of his answer. 

“I wouldn’t wanna make you share your best friend,” he teases, and then he’s winking and Steve’s chest tightens right back up with a reason that this time there’s no reason to unpack because he knows exactly why it happens. What Bucky says next doesn’t help. “Either of them.”

Steve may as well get whiplash with how many times Bucky has just knocked the wind out of his chest to put it right back in. That’s the only explanation Steve can think of as to why his head is spinning, though he thinks he manages to save himself from sounding too terribly breathless when he offers up a response. 

“You’re just saying that because I’m the only guy at the castle that you’ve bothered getting to know,” he says quietly, but even as he says it he can hear the unspoken truth of what makes that decision so meaningful. 

Steve isn’t just the person that Bucky chose to get to know. He’s also the person that Bucky chose to let get to know

to get to know him, even after all his time spent having that trust taken away as the Winter Soldier. 

It’s different, in a way, making friends as a kid. It’s easier at that age to pretend that certain things are normal and easy enough to bond in a way that’s still significant, that carries over to the adult years even for those who don’t have as much in common anymore as Sam and Steve do. Making friends when you’re both grown is a little trickier, a little less certain.

But, that’s not the only thing that makes his and Bucky’s friendship

Steve doesn’t think. He doesn’t have many other friendships to make the comparison towards, but he’s not sure he has to anymore. Bucky

one of his best friends, but more than that, he’s his companion. His partner. His right hand-man. He’s all of those things, and now more than ever, Steve realizes that he’s finally ready to admit to himself that he’s in love with him.

Steven Grant Rogers, the crown prince, in love with one of his kingdom’s own knights and the most dangerous ex-assassin in the land. The one and only Sir James Buchanan Barnes. Fate

a funny thing, isn’t it? Steve might even laugh if he weren’t so busy staring. Yeah, his head is definitely spinning again, and this idea he has no idea how to make it stop. 

The thing is, Steve has known he’s been attracted to Bucky since the beginning. It’s one of the easier things to deal with as of late, even if it was a fight to keep it a secret at some points-- those points being when they were bathing in the river, sleeping in the bed, sparring with Steve winding up on his knees, anything of that sort. Attraction to a handsome man that seems to

he’s handsome is one thing, though. 

Being in love with him is something, yet another thing, that Steve feels ill equipped to handle, and this time he can’t ask Bucky for help. What would that even look like? Sound like? Bucky would know immediately, especially thanks to the fact that Steve had point blank told him that flirting with strangers wasn’t his style. He doesn’t have anyone back at the castle that he could write this off on either. 

him, which is proving to be a problem in this situation, but also part of the reason that Steve has been placed into it in the first place. Of course he loves Bucky. The man has seen almost every piece of him. He’s seen and even held Steve at both his highest and lowest moments thanks to what happened today. 

If Steve were alone, he would probably go as far as to slap himself in order to get his brain under control. How is it that he’d found one bit of peace and quiet only to then find something else to get him even more worked up? He should be at his emotional limit by now with everything that’s happened with the Serum, but somehow, that damn thick head of his still has the energy to add this mental mess on the top of the heap. 

Steve comes to yet another realization when Bucky clears his throat and tilts his head down to give him a worried look. He’s still been staring all this time, which makes him want to bang his head down against the table, maybe even crawl under it and now come out so he won't have to deal with whatever this crisis should be called. 

He’s in love. That should be a good thing, but under the present circumstances, it isn’t. Currently, he has no idea if that feeling is one that’s reciprocated. Currently, he’s still feeling like enough of a fraud thanks to the Serum that the last thing he expects is for a man as brave and as battled as Bucky to love him back. 

That’s not good. It’s bad. Maybe even as bad as the Serum’s lack of effect had left him feeling back at the cavern. 

Somehow the feeling only gets worse with how gentle the tone Bucky takes is, one warm hand reaching out to settle over too of where Steve’s own feels like it’s gone cold against the table. “Hey, pal. You alright?”

The nickname usually makes Steve feel better, but now it only makes him think back to a different one that Bucky had let slip out earlier in the day. He’d called Steve

and even if it had been said in a heated moment and meant as a dig, Steve still wants more than anything to hear it again. He’s not Bucky’s sweetheart, though, that’s for damn sure. He’s his

Maybe if he’s lucky, his

He’s lying through his teeth when he speaks, but he can only hope that Bucky will write the dishonesty off as a byproduct of his other stressors. “I’m okay. Just… tired, I guess.” That second part isn’t technically a lie even if the first is. “I was thinking I might turn in early tonight. See if I feel any better tomorrow morning.”

Now Bucky’s eyebrows are moving in the opposite direction to raise in a skeptical expression that, as Steve finds, is caused by his own slip up. “I thought you were feeling

he repeats slowly. Then, just as gently as before, “You sure you don’t want to talk about anything?”

“Really, Buck, I’m fine.” Steve presses his lips together in a tight smile as he stands, shoving his chair back under the table just so Bucky won’t see his hands shaking under the motion. “I’m a prince, remember? Always honest.”

Bucky still looks skeptical, and now not all that impressed as well. He remains in his chair, but leans back in it far enough for the difference in their positioned heights to feel like it doesn’t matter. “You’re a prince, but you’re still human.” He raises his left eyebrow even higher, leaving them uneven., which somehow only makes him look even more unimpressed. “Still a terrible liar, too.”

Steve is biting back at the remark before he knows it, the words coming out sharp and imperious in a way he normally tries to avoid. “Yeah, I know I’m not perfect,” he snaps. “You don’t have to remind me. The Serum already took care of that job.”

Great. They’re back to this argument again, which Steve knows is his fault, but still feels angry about anyways, especially when Bucky throws his hands up and gives him an exasperated huff. 

“Steve, your reasoning doesn’t even make any sense. I’ve been trying to give you some time to come to terms with everything else I said because I

you even when you’re frankly being a moron, but I can’t just sit here anymore and let you beat yourself up over some bullshit way of thinking.”

Again, Steve’s answer comes out automatically, just as sharp as his previous one and this time with a point of his finger towards the door. “Then go to your own room, Barnes. I paid for it. Might as well use it for one night, right?”

Now Bucky shoves his chair back the same way Steve had in order to stand, but it’s clear that once he does, he’s not planning on going anywhere. Rather, he looks like he’s about to give him another speech, which Steve is tempted to nip in the bud. 

about anything right now, and I have to tell you, you’re not acting like yourself either.” Bucky steps closer, and though nothing about his stance is threatening, Steve still has to clench his jaw to keep the fear from showing. Not fear of Bucky, but of his own emotions, and what parts of them may be showing if Bucky gets close enough . “I know you wanted the Serum to change things, but I don’t think you wanted it to change you into an asshole, so you can drop the act.”

They’re standing so close now that Steve can feel the warmth of Bucky’s body radiating out even before the man’s hand reaches out as well. Steve closes his eyes before it makes contact with his shoulder, swallowing hard. “Buck…”

“You can talk to me,” Bucky murmurs. The interruption is soft in other ways than just that of volume. “You don’t have to try and hide yourself from me.” 

I’ve seen it all already

is the unspoken statement Steve can hear attach itself into the end of that sentence, and the fact that Bucky doesn’t even have to say that for him to understand is overwhelming enough for him to have to squeeze his eyes shut even tighter when Bucky goes on. 

“I know it’s a lot to handle, but you

you don’t have to do that on your own. I’m here with you.” Bucky’s thumb brushes against the bare skin of Steve’s neck when he squeezes in his usual comforting gesture. “I’m here

And I love you for that.

Steve’s glad that his brain to mouth filter seems to be working for once, because saying that aloud unintentionally would have him wanting to take Rumlow’s lead and melt down into the ground. Instead, he takes in a shaky breath and carefully chooses what words he does want to say. 

that what I’m saying might not make sense to you, but it’s still how I feel.” That’s still dangerously close to the subject of what

he’s feeling, but he tries to brush past the opening of that the best he can. “I can’t just change those feelings, Buck. Not even if some part of me also knows that you might be right.”

Bucky scoffs a little at the preface of

in that sentence, but he also raises his other hand up so that he has Steve in a hold by both of his shoulders, looking at him so intently that Steve doesn’t know if he could meet his eyes even if he wanted. “What do I have to do to get you to believe me?”

Steve tries to shrug, but Bucky’s double grip makes that difficult, which in turn makes his heart jump. “I don’t know,” he admits. “I really don’t.”

“You are one stubborn bastard, you know that, Steve Rogers?” Bucky sounds exasperated and endeared both, which Steve would read into further if Bucky next actions weren’t executed so swiftly. “If you don’t want to listen, I guess all I can do is try and show you.”

Steve opens his mouth to ask what the hell that’s supposed to mean, but before he can get the question out, Bucky is following through on his word to

indeed. That’s what Steve interprets his next move as, anyways. Bucky has to know what he’s doing, because why else would he cut off their conversation in order to kiss him?

Bucky has no fucking clue what he’s doing, nor does he have a fucking clue about what he must have been thinking in order to do what he is right now. Turns out both the past

present Bucky Barnes have a quick mouth, because there’s no other explanation as to why Bucky’s leans in and presses his lips to Steve’s as quickly as he does. 

He hasn’t kissed someone in almost a decade, but somehow sliding both hands up to cup Steve’s cheeks is a motion that feels like second nature, and sealing their lips together a movement even more natural. It’s dizzying, and not just because of the speed which Bucky makes the decision with.

God, how long has he been wanting to do that? How long has he been putting it off? Those

he was so worried about maintaining before have been shoved to the back of his mind for the time being, the rest of it too preoccupied with how Steve is sighing out against his lips to give a damn about the regrets he’s surely going to wake up with tomorrow morning. 

He does still have one vague worry that remains, but it’s a pretty silly one, now that he’s giving less thought to it. It’s been hours since Steve drank the Serum, so Bucky probably doesn’t need to worry about any of its effects transferring to him by mouth, though he does feel a little bit like he’s melting at the first small sound Steve lets out when Bucky deepens the kiss by slipping his tongue into his mouth. 

It’s too late to turn back now, so he may as well pull out all the stops it takes to show Steve that he meant what he said about him being good enough without that damn Serum needing to change a thing. Bucky Barnes, past and present, is nothing if not a man of his word. 

Steve’s body is a bit stiff even with how pliant his mouth has gone against Bucky’s own, and Bucky doesn’t know whether he’s supposed to chalk that up to surprise, inexperience, or both, but either way, it does nothing to take away from the fact that Steve is letting the kiss happen. When Bucky strokes a thumb over the soft area of skin under his ear, he even starts reciprocating, his hands finally unfreezing from at his sides and raising so that he has them clinging to either side of Bucky’s waist. 

His lips are soft but his grip is just as strong as the rest of him is, something that only makes Bucky even more desperate to get him close. Make him go weak again with just how good this feels. Steve

good, every bit of him. He’s beautiful, strong and soft all at once, and somehow smells like pine and cedar even under the rich taste of wine still coating the inside of his mouth. 

That taste isn’t the only thing that has Bucky feeling drunk. Every quiet sound Steve lets out is dizzying, even more so when Bucky slides his hands down from his cheeks to his shoulders to push those down too, taking advantage of Steve’s receptive state to make it so that their next round of kisses are carried out while they’re both sat on the bed. 

The position is full of promise and possibility— it’d be so

just to tug Steve down further and really make him feel as good as the rest of him is— but truth be told, Bucky has no idea where this is going. He’d barely thought it through when he kissed Steve in the first place, and with how purposefully he’d been keeping his attraction for the man at an arm’s length, that probably makes him a hypocrite. What was he thinking? 

Then again, how is he supposed to think at all with the goddamn

pushing up against him so sweetly?

As much as Bucky doesn’t want to pull away, he does want whatever is about to happen to be done right. So, with that thought in his hazy mind, he does just that during the next pause they take to catch their breath. Steve blinks at him slower than usual, the corners of his lips, swollen and shiny, turning down into what Bucky is pretty sure is a pout. 

If Bucky weren’t so breathless still, he might even laugh, tug on Steve’s hair and tease him about how eager he is. But as things are, this is their first kiss. This is Bucky’s first kiss in a decade, and no matter how far they take this or how much he regrets any of these decisions later, Bucky wants to savor this moment. 

He has a hand back on Steve’s cheek now, cupping the sharp edge of his jaw and stroking over a prominent cheekbone with the pad of his thumb. Their eyes are locked, and as half lidded as they are, somehow Bucky still gets the feeling that they’re seeing each other more clearly than ever. 

Accordingly, when Steve says his name, it sounds like a revelation. “Buck,” he exhales, fingers curling even tighter into the fabric of Bucky’s shirt where his hands are still down at his sides. “

There’s only one thing Bucky can think to say to that. “

He leans back in for another kiss, this one much shorter than the ones that came before. “Sweetheart.”

The pet name makes Steve go doe eyed, and Bucky once again has to wonder just how much experience he has with encounters of this sort. He won’t flatter himself into thinking that he just took Steve’s first kiss, but as for the rest of it… he isn’t so sure. It seems impolite to ask such a question, but Steve beats him to the punch to ask a different one regardless. 

“What are we doing?” he whispers, flicking his gaze down to Bucky’s mouth like the meaning of what he just asked wasn’t clear. “Do you really want…”

Bucky hears the additional word even when it goes unspoken. 

Fuck. If Bucky’s hand weren’t so busy cradling Steve’s face, he’d be scrubbing it over his own while he thinks. What are they doing? That’s a question that Bucky doesn’t quite know how to answer yet, but he does have a firm response for that second one in mind. 

“Of course I want you.” 

What fool wouldn’t? To him, that sentiment is obvious, but the palpable relief that hearing it said aloud spreads on Steve’s face only serves as a reminder of why Bucky made the rash decision to kiss him in the first place. He’s supposed to be

Steve how worthy he is, not just saying it. As today has proven, words can only go so far, and as the saying goes— actions always speak louder. 

The next kiss Bucky leans in for is slow. Gentle. It’s a kiss meant to prove a point, but not in a way that’s harsh or clashing. He wants Steve to feel cherished when he kisses him, and more than that, he wants him to feel

Maybe that’s the answer to Steve’s first question. 

Bucky breaks their kiss once more, but this time doesn’t pull back, instead remaining close enough to lean their foreheads together even while their lips are temporarily separated. “I’d like to take care of you tonight if you’ll let me,” he murmurs, slowly lowering the hand not on Steve’s cheek down until he has it squeezing at his knee just to make sure Steve understands what he means. Based off of his hitched breath, he does. “Will you?”

No matter what Bucky wants, all of this comes down to Steve. Steve, who nods so fast that he nearly knocks their heads together with his enthusiasm. He looks a little embarrassed when Bucky laughs and finally does take the opportunity to tug good naturedly on his bangs, but that doesn’t last long enough for him to change his decision. In fact, when he next speaks, it’s with a demand. 

“Tell me I’m good again.” He’s not pleading, but it’s close to it, and Bucky almost wants to tell him that he doesn’t have to, but it seems more productive to just give Steve what he wants. 

“You’re good, sweetheart,” he murmurs, mouth pressed to the corner of Steve’s own so that he’s speaking against soft skin that’s still freshly scrubbed clean. “So goddamn good, you hear me?” He shifts his lips over so that they’re directly over Steve’s, his next words spoken so closely to them that the low volume makes it feel like a vow. “There ain’t no one in this kingdom who could be half as good for me as you.”

They aren’t quite at the stage of things where Bucky’s mouth is spilling out filth, so that statement might come out a little too honest, but Bucky can’t stop it from being true. There’s no one better than Steve Rogers as far as he’s concerned, and taking care of him, even if it’s only for tonight, isn’t a privilege he’s going to let go to waste. 

They’d both already taken their boots off long before they got on the bed, so Bucky that’s one problem Bucky doesn’t have to worry about when he gently pulls Steve down so that they’re lying side by side on the bed, turned towards the middle with their lips still connected. They stay like that for a while, just leisurely kissing with the occasional wandering hand, but Bucky isn’t in too much of a hurry. He’d forgotten the simple pleasure of taking the time to kiss someone just because. 

Eventually, things do get heated enough for him to move down to kiss Steve’s neck next, open mouthed and wet with a slight sting of teeth flashing out when he bites down just to gauge how much Steve likes it. With how sharply Steve inhales, he likes it a lot. Bucky does it again, this time at the same moment he gives his first experimental nudge of his palm between Steve’s legs.

Steve gasps, thighs tensing and his own hand shoving between them to wrap around Bucky’s wrist, not to stop him, but evidently to slow him down. “Bucky, wait.”

Bucky can feel just how much Steve still wants this practically pulsing beneath his palm, but he obliges to the request immediately. Like he said, he wants to do this right, if they’re doing it at all. He’s not quite sure of where Steve’s head is at on that matter anymore, so he asks. “You want me to stop?”

Steve shakes his head, ending the motion by planting his face into the pillow he’s currently got crammed under him. The tips of his ears are red enough for Bucky to know it’s out of embarrassment, but again, he’s not quite sure about what until— “I just feel like I need to tell you before we go any further,” Steve says, voice coming out muffled into his hiding place. He lets go of Bucky’s wrist and instead slides his hand up to rest on Bucky’s chest, seeming to rely on the feel of his heartbeat to get whatever it is that he’s trying to hide out. When he finally does, the words are stilted, but Bucky patiently hangs onto every one. “I haven’t… done this before. Not all the way.”

Ah. Well, it’s always good to know when he’s made a good guess. Not that Bucky wants to so blatantly inform Steve that he’d already come to the conclusion that he’s most likely a virgin— he’s blunt, not cruel— but at the same time, he does want him to know that it isn’t a big deal. Not in the way he’s thinking, anyways. 

Steve, as usual, covers up his discomfort by babbling on, face still turned away, but his entire neck now burning as red as his shirt from something that Bucky is pretty sure isn’t being caused by the scratch of his beard. “I’ve been kissed before, and there were a couple of stable boys growing up that wanted to try and fool around and stuff, but I never— there’s never been—“

All of the sudden, Bucky thinks back to the night at the bar when Steve told him that he was waiting for someone. The

someone. The right partner. Isn’t that what they are? Partners? Companions? Bucky doesn’t know that he’ll ever feel worthy of being Steve’s person, but he promised Steve that he would take care of him. He promised himself that he would treat him right. 

Steve lifts his head and looks at him head on, cheeks still stained scarlet, but now paired with that stubborn shine Bucky is so fond of in his eyes. “I still want this,” he says sincerely. Then, a little more uncertain, but still decidedly heartfelt, “I want my first time to be with someone I care about.”

That hits Bucky like a sucker punch to the gut. There’s so much trust radiating out of Steve right now. The sincerity in his tone, the way he still has his legs spread for Bucky’s hand although they’ve slowed down, the almost reverent way he’s looking at Bucky from his position on the pillow. There’s a worship there that seems like it should be reversed. Steve is royalty. Shouldn’t Bucky be the one wanting to kneel at his feet?If they were acting the parts of king and knight, maybe he would, but that’s not what they are while they’re here. They’re together as companions, partners, lovers, and those are all things that Bucky thinks transcends any formal titles. He doesn’t want to be at Steve’s feet or really even think about the proper conduct set in place surrounding the throne. What he wants to do is kiss Steve again, roll on top of him and take him apart, take care of him like he promised. Completing that first goal is something he succeeds at within the next few seconds, but the rest of the goals on that list can only be worked towards after a few preemptive steps. Getting Steve out of that red shirt Bucky picked out for him is the first order of business. It’s a good looking shirt on him— red really is his color, especially when he’s blushing as deep as he is now— but Bucky doesn’t doubt he’ll still be handsome once it comes off. 

He’d caught a few glimpses of Steve’s bare body the other day when they stopped at the river, but he has the feeling that getting up close and personal with it will only be even better. Bucky kisses Steve’s lips a last time, then his forehead just for good measure as he tests wiggling his fingers down below to brush up against the inside of one of his thighs through his pants. 

“You change your mind at any time, you just tell me, alright?” he says lowly. Steve nods, bangs tickling under Bucky’s nose when he does, but Bucky goes back in with the reminder one more time. He’s going to do this

“I mean that. Get my attention, even if it’s just to slow down a little.” He smiles, small and lopsided. “This is about you feeling good, after all.”

Evidently, Steve is still a little shit even when aroused, because the look he gives Bucky upon their eyes connecting has that telltale twinkle in the corner that Bucky

means Steve isn’t about to back down from whatever challenge he’s just come up with. “Guess you better get a move on with that, then,” he quips. “Go right ahead.”

Bucky almost snorts at how quickly Steve’s attitude about calling the shots switches up after the first gentle squeeze Bucky doles out to his tented crotch. It’s been a while since he’s done this, but Bucky is pretty sure he used to have a preference of his position during these encounters, and that looks to be at least one thing about him that hasn’t changed over the years. 

But if Steve wants to tease, Bucky can match that effort. He squeezes again and rolls closer so that his next words are drawled out directly into Steve’s ear. “As you wish, my prince.”

He’s on top of Steve fully after that, one hand bracing his weight and the other making fast work of getting Steve’s belt unbuckled and tossed onto the ground, followed in only a few short moments by his own, removed by Steve’s own work. Turns out they’re a pretty good team when it comes to this too.

Stripping Steve out of his top layer does prove to be a bit of a distraction when it comes to getting the rest of him undressed, but Bucky would challenge anyone to get such a close look at Steve’s chest and not linger above it. Like the rest of him, it’s beautiful, that simultaneous strength and softness carving out each one of the muscles of his abdomen and giving way to the plush pink buds that are peaking at the top of it. 

Bucky traces a finger over one and savors the small sigh it elicits. Has Steve always been sensitive like this, or is it just because this is his first time being touched by someone who truly wants him? Is it inexperience? Maybe even an unseen side effect of the Serum? 

Whatever it is, if it’s anything at all, Bucky thinks it’s lovely.

is lovely, especially under the blush that only intensifies once Bucky has completed his undressing with the removal of his hose. Although Bucky himself still has that last layer left, he can’t help but sit back on his haunches from where he’s straddled over Steve’s legs to take a good, long look at just how lovely and good Steve Rogers is. 

And somehow, at least for tonight, all of that loveliness and goodness is all for Bucky Barnes. 

Steve doesn’t squirm under him, but it’s clear that he doesn’t know what to do with the parts of his body that

move either. He ends up with his hands stretched up above his head on the pillow, the ample muscle of his arms flexing with the motion. Bucky’s eyes catch on them for a brief moment, but then move up to settle on something different. 

Steve’s new scar, the silver of it shining in the candlelight. Part of Bucky wants to lean back down just so he can kiss it, but Steve seems to be enjoying their current position, taking in a long look at Bucky’s body of his own. It’s only fair, Bucky figures. He saw Steve’s. Steve may as well see his. 

Bucky is regretful to move off of the bed, but he has to in order to complete the task he’s set out for himself. Standing makes it much easier to shed his hose anyways, and him bending to rummage through his bag lets Steve take an even longer look at his body than before. He’s still staring when Bucky straightens back up, but when Bucky smiles at him and begins climbing back up onto the bed looks less embarrassed about being caught in the act. 

His eyes look to be caught on something else now, as a matter of fact. He’s lucky Bucky’s never been shy about his body, because if he was, the hungry way Steve is staring would be enough to make a more demure man cross his legs. As things are, Bucky only grins and spreads his even further from where he’s back to straddling Steve’s calves, the distance giving him the perfect angle to stare right back at the place on Steve’s body that he’s currently admiring on Bucky’s. 

Bucky sets the pot of olive oil he’d taken from his bag on Steve’s stomach, partially to let Steve know he has it but mostly to free up his hand so that he can instead wrap it around his cock. Steve gasps in surprise or maybe pleasure, the muscles in his abdomen tensing so much that it’s a wonder the pot doesn’t tip over. 

“Buck,” he exhales, one of his arms lowering and his hand reaching out until it finds the part of Bucky that’s closest. His fingers dig into the meat of where Bucky’s thigh meets his knee as Bucky’s strokes begin to speed up. “Bucky,

Bucky only hums and brings his free hand down to lay over Steve’s own, squeezing gently. God, who knew a man as strong as Steve could sound so sweet? “What, sweetheart? You need something?”

Steve’s hips twitch, but Bucky’s weight holds them down. He groans, giving Bucky another one of those doe eyed looks that sends heat straight to his stomach even as Steve’s tone comes out slightly snarky. “Don’t tell me you got that oil out for nothing,” he mutters. “Because I know it wasn’t to put in a damn lantern.”

Huffing, Bucky halts his strokes in order to let Steve go, flopping back down on the bed beside him before Steve has even finished with the disappointed sound that comes out high from the back of his throat. Bucky laughs and props himself up on an elbow so he can lean over him to steal another kiss that ends with his palm sliding down over Steve’s stomach only to stop when he reaches where the pot is still sitting. 

“Hold your horses, your Highness,” he teases. “We got time.” 

time, after all. There are plenty of ways they could do this, but what Bucky has in mind is making it soft. Going slow. Steve might be an impatient bastard, but he’ll have to wait that out if he wants Bucky to make him feel good. 

Steve might complain about that, but with Bucky’s mouth on his, he can’t. All he can do is sigh and shift his legs open wider so that Bucky has enough room to situate himself between them after rolling back on top. The change in position has both of them rocking into each other, though Bucky knows that without preparation, Steve is far from ready for them to take it further. 

He reluctantly ends their round of kissing with a heavy exhale and a hand tapping Steve on the hip. “You okay with me using my fingers?” he murmurs, pressing his thumb into the soft divot above where Steve’s hip bone sticks out. 

Steve nods, and despite the shyness Bucky can see surfacing in his expression helpfully supplies him with some information. “Nothing I haven’t done before on my own.”

There’s another bolt of heat that shoots to Bucky’s stomach, but he chooses to raise his eyebrows instead of groaning at the picture Steve’s confession brings to mind. “Good to know.”

They don’t exchange many words after that as Bucky begins the process he’d just spoken to Steve about, uncovering his pot of oil and dipping his fingers in so that they’re slick when he brings them down to rub over where Steve’s body will be giving way to him. 

feels too on the nose to use, but there is some truth to it. No matter what Steve gets up to in private back at the castle, that isn’t something he’s had the opportunity to partake in on this trip until now, so it takes Bucky a good couple of minutes to open him up to the point of being able to easily take three of his fingers. 

Steve’s panting by the end of it, hands clutching at Bucky’s shoulders so hard that Bucky thinks there might be bruises after tonight is over. That shouldn’t make him feel so smug, but it does. If this is the only night with Steve that he gets, he wants to make it one they’ll both remember, though Steve looks like his head is up in the clouds by the time Bucky pulls his fingers out.  

He tries to do so slowly, but the loss is stily sudden enough for Steve to make an uncomfortable noise at the feeling of being left empty. Bucky shushes him and presses a line of kisses up his jaw until his lips are resting against the edge of his hairline. 

“You’re alright, dearheart. It’ll just be a minute,” he promises, the pet name slipping out before he can even stop to think about how intimate it is in comparison to the others. Even

is far more casual. He can’t take it back, though, and with how Steve sighs after it’s said, it sounds like he might even like it. 

The minute Bucky needs is necessary in order for him to slick himself up with the oil he’d used on Steve, using the same fingers he’d just had inside him to wrap around himself as he begins to stroke. His arousal is aching with the promise of what’s to come once he stops, the oil leaving it shining from more than just what’s pearling up from the tip. He nudges that up against where Steve’s own body is shining in the low light of the candles a moment later, making sure to keep his eyes locked on Steve’s face so that he’ll know immediately if he needs to retreat. 

He makes the decision to check in with more words as well. “You ready for me?” Steve nods, but it’s slow, so Bucky tries again. “You sure?”

This time, Steve smiles, and though it’s shy, it’s genuine. “As I’ll ever be.”

Bucky’s heard that from him before, but he trusts that Steve is telling the truth like he usually is. With how neglected he’s let his own pleasure go in lieu of ensuring Steve was enjoying his own, it’d only be self punishment to hold back any longer. The temptation to chase that pleasure by giving into animal instinct is difficult to ignore, but Bucky isn’t a barbarian even if he’s not quite royalty. 

He’s a gentleman, and as such takes the time to give Steve one last smile and a quick kiss during which he brushes his bangs off of his forehead with the hand attached to the arm he’s bracing his weight up on. This seems like as good of a position as any to get things going from. Bucky wants to see Steve’s face while he takes him apart, and laying like this— Steve’s legs spread wide with Bucky’s waist between them, their faces only inches away from each other— gives him the perfect view. 

It does leave what’s going on below their stomachs a little hard to see, but that’s probably mostly because Bucky doesn’t want to take his eyes off of Steve, not even when he’s holding himself by the base and fumbling around trying to get the right angle to begin pushing in. It’s only when Steve slides a hand down from his shoulder to rest over the left side of his chest— his

that he’s able to move, rocking his hips forward with a low grunt that’s echoed by Steve’s own. 

Bucky hasn’t generally had sex in a while, and when it comes to being on the receiving end it’s been even longer, but with what Steve’s body is trying to do right now, the discomfort is understandable. Bucky tries to go slow, mindful of Steve’s expression and the quiet hiss he lets out the further Bucky sinks in. 

“Fuck,” he whispers. Bucky might be worried about the tension in that word if it weren’t for the start change in tone he takes when he repeats it.

Steve has been sounding sweet for a while now, but some second nature part of Bucky from before the war is still present enough for him to know that Steve’s second

resonated from a particular spot. Testing the waters, Bucky draws himself out and pushes back in with a shallow thrust, then again, and again, and again until—

.” There it is again. That sweet little lilt, this time interjected into a different word with only a one letter difference. Bucky’s name, which sounds even better, especially when Steve says it a second time with a plea added onto the end. “Bucky, please.”

Bucky’s mouth starts moving just as naturally as his hips are. “What? You want me to go faster? Harder?” He snaps his hips forward a couple of times just to give Steve a sample of what that might be like, but doesn’t give him a chance to answer. “It’s your first time, sweetheart. Don’t you want me to be gentle?”

He’s aware that he’s goading Steve more than a little, but there’s a real sentiment in there. With the Serum and all the other general strengths of his body, Bucky isn’t really sure he could hurt him in the physical sense, but that isn’t the only way possible to hurt someone. Steve’s looking at him so starry eyed right now that Bucky’s pretty sure his head is somewhere up in the clouds. 

He’s got enough of his wits about him to pull Bucky down into a kiss that acts as a response, though it’s followed by an actual one whispered against his mouth. “Just want

Bucky swears under his breath, and it’s not just because of how hot Steve is inside. All that sappy talk they were putting off until later doesn’t seem like it’s being held back anymore, so to hell with it. Bucky won’t hold back either. 

The next kiss he gives Steve is pressed to his cheek, the offset from his lips only caused by the shifting he has to do in order to widen the stance of his knees so that he can really get down to business. Steve gasps at the change in pace, then moans once they’ve both settled down into it, his heels digging into the soft padding of skin that lines Bucky’s sides and stomach and fingers into the muscles of his upper back where his hands are clutching. 

Bucky’s own hands move so that he has them close enough to meet behind Steve’s head, pulling him far up enough by the scruff of his neck for their lips to meet like they’re meant to. It’s a messy kiss, full of tongue and teeth and bitten lips, but the mess they make of each other above is nothing in comparison to the mess that Bucky makes of Steve down below. 

The sensitivity Bucky noticed earlier when it came to Steve’s chest evidently applied to his lower half as well, because Bucky doesn’t even have to put a hand on him in order to push him over the edge. The broken noise Steve makes right before it happens is startling, but the warmth that coats their stomachs soon after is an effective sign that the cause of the sound wasn’t anything close to bad. 

Steve's hands and ankles are both still locked tight around Bucky, as well as a few other areas of his body that Bucky’s attention narrows down to almost completely as he chases the path to his own completion. The knowledge of what he’d just made Steve do paired with the feeling of its effects still clenching around him doesn’t draw that mission out for long. 

By the time he collapses on top of Steve’s own spent body, the come hasn’t even finished cooling against their stomachs, though Bucky’s muscles are still burning with the exertion it had taken to draw it out. This time, it’s his turn to say the word that Steve had been so fixated on earlier. 

“Fuck,” he breathes, face buried in Steve’s ample chest. “That was…” He doesn’t know how he’s going to finish that sentence, but Steve’s tentative interruption gives him a pretty good suggestion of what he’s wanting to hear. 

“It was good.” When Bucky lifts his head he can see that Steve’s expression is wary as well as a little vulnerable. “Wasn’t it?”

While Bucky doesn’t have the answers to all the questions that tonight has raised, this one is something that he can affirm without hesitation. “Better than good.” He revisits one of his earlier positions and cups Steve’s face in both hands so he’ll be forced to look at him even once the embarrassment sets in. “It was perfect.”

he wants to say, but he doesn’t because he knows that it would be too much, even after everything that they’ve just done. “Do you understand?” he asks instead. 

It takes Steve a long moment, but he nods in the end. 

If Bucky can’t say all that he wants to, the least he can do is make sure that the general message has sunk in. As much as he’d lain with Steve because he wanted to, he also did it because for once, it was him that had something to prove. That

being that Steve is and always has been good enough. That he’s a great leader and a better man and although he knows he doesn’t deserve him, Bucky thinks he may be falling in love with him. 

Once again, Bucky doesn’t say any of those things out loud. He just sighs and leans in to gently kiss Steve for what may be the last time in his life, wanting to linger for as long as he can inside his body. He doesn’t know what’s going to happen tomorrow, can barely understand where he’s at in his own head right now, but he knows how he wants to spend the rest of tonight.  

Eventually he’ll have to get up to put the oil away and grab other cloth to wipe down their bodies with, but he chooses to put that off for the next few minutes in favor of sinking back into the pillows and pulling Steve to his chest once he’s slipped out of him. Maybe he can’t have Steve forever, but he can have this for now. 

He closes his eyes and pulls Steve to cuddle closer, rubbing a hand over his far shoulder in an effort that’s really meant to soothe them both. 

That’s the thing about bounds, he supposes. They’re meant to be broken— and as the former Winter Soldier, he should know that better than most. 

They haven’t talked about it. 

It's been almost ten hours since it happened, since Bucky was

Steve’s body and their lips were pressed up against each other while he made Steve see stars. Ten hours since Steve lost his virginity to a man who hasn’t said a word about it since. Steve’s not sure how he’s supposed to feel about the avoidance of the subject. 

On one hand, he thinks he’s appreciative of it. He needs some time to wrap his head around all of the changes that have come with this monumental event. On the other, it’s just that. A monumental event. A milestone. 

Bucky is the only person who Steve has ever allowed to get this close, and now they aren’t even talking about it. At the very least, the silence gives Steve the benefit of being able to think, but that comes with it’s own problems, because all Steve can think about is how he’d felt in those moments. It’s probably stupid that his first time doing that was just as terrifying to him as his first time trying to insert himself into a battle was, but with what Bucky had inserted into him last night, he thinks that the feeling was allowed. It had all worked out in the end, in any case. Bucky had made sure of that happening, because like always, his first priority had been taking care of Steve. Steve knows that maybe he’s supposed to hate that— his stubbornness would make sure he did if it were nearly anyone else, but it wasn’t anyone else. It was Bucky. 

Bucky, who Steve is in love with. Bucky, who doesn’t have any idea of that. Bucky, who hasn’t brought up their night together in ten hours bordering on eleven. 

It’s nerve wracking, among other things. For God’s sake, Steve can still feel the sting of everything that happened, and maybe he could stomach the soreness if Bucky were able to look at him long enough to make a joke, but as things are, all he can do is shift uncomfortably in his saddle and wait for an opening to start at least some sort of conversation up. It doesn’t have to be about anything to do with their intimacy. All it has to be is something, because Steve doesn’t think he can take this silence for much longer. 

Luckily, he doesn’t have to. Bucky doesn’t make him wait even five more minutes before he’s slowing down Evergreen from her trot so that she and Lucky are walking next to each other, leaving Steve and Bucky in the same position. Bucky, to his credit, doesn’t avoid eye contact when he asks, “How would you feel about stopping for lunch?”

It’s funny, Bucky asking about Steve’s feelings on a day like this, but the offer is one that’s too good to pass up even with the irony in mind. Steve nods, but then furrows his eyebrows together. “Do we have any food?” He doesn’t recall having anything extra in his own pack that would be suitable for a meal, impromptu or not. 

Bucky only smiles and reaches a hand back to pat one of his saddlebags. “I made sure to make a stop at the kitchen this morning.”

Well, that at least explains why Steve woke up to an empty bed this morning. It’s a small comfort. Steve nods again and smiles tentatively at Bucky in return, gripping his reins tighter in his hands in an attempt to avoid any more shifting. They’re talking now. He doesn’t want to mess it up by making the remnants of last night obvious. 

“That sounds good, Buck,” he says, and somehow even that simple statement makes him want to cringe with the memories it brings up of Bucky using that word to describe

. He tries to move on from that thought as quickly as he can. “I think there’s a stream somewhere up ahead where the horses can drink while we eat.”

Now it’s Bucky’s turn to nod, flicking his gaze down to Evergreen as he gives her a fond rub down the side of her neck. “You thirsty, sweetheart?” he murmurs, and though it’s clear who he’s talking to (a damn

nonetheless) Steve’s reflex is still to respond. 

As far as his brain is concerned, that’s his nickname now, right alongside

, all things Steve only likes when Bucky is the one that says them. It’s definitely stupid to be jealous of a horse. Steve is a grown man who should be dignified enough for that feeling to be one that’s easily quashed down, but the petty part of him that’s still peeved Bucky won’t talk to him about the fact that they had sex with each other feels like the jealousy is justified. Personally, he is thirsty himself, even if he apparently isn’t Bucky’s sweetheart now that it’s daylight. He gives in to the urge to shift this time around, that petty part of him now wanting Bucky to pay attention to the effects in him that he had caused. The soreness is his fault, and now he can’t even be bothered to notice?Steve would scowl if Bucky weren’t still smiling at him after returning his gaze from Evergreen, but getting annoyed with him when they still have all of this time alone together on the road doesn’t seem productive. Besides, Serum caused or not, Steve is supposed to be the bigger man, and that means now blowing up on Bucky even if he arguably deserves it. 

It’s just confusing, is all. Steve wasn’t necessarily expecting Bucky to be overly affectionate, but it’s not like he’d pulled out and immediately rolled over last night. He’d kissed Steve. He’d held him for at least an hour afterwards, so why is he being so cold about that while being warm about everything else?

Is this his way of saying that they’re better off as friends? Steve doesn’t know what to do with that possibility, but there’s a heavy weight in the pit of stomach that knows that it’s the option that makes the most sense. Just because Steve is a prince doesn’t automatically mean that Bucky wants him in that way. It might even be a factor that puts him off, which is something that Steve can’t dwell on without getting miserable. He’d rather be mad at Bucky than feel like that.

It’s hard to stay mad at Bucky when despite the avoidance, he’s still being so goddamn good to him. “The bread was baked this morning, so it should be pretty fresh,” he’s saying, in reference to what food he’d packed for their lunch. He grins at Steve and lowers his voice like he’s about to let him in on a secret. “Cookies, too, so I was told.”

Something about Bucky making sure to bring along a sweet for their lunch makes Steve's anger dissipate for the time being. Bucky might be an asshole sometimes, but he’s also an asshole with a heart of gold. Him not wanting Steve the way that Steve wants him doesn’t change that, and though it makes it a little harder for Steve to laugh, it’s still a truth that he takes to heart. 

If his voice is a bit hoarse when he next speaks, Bucky is kind enough not to point it out. “Sounds like you’ve got quite the picnic planned.”

Bucky hums. “I wouldn’t say it’s quite fit for a king, but it’ll do for a prince, I think.” The joke is a light one, and though Steve’s laugh still comes out slightly strained, his smile is genuine. No matter how Bucky feels about what they did last night, it’s good to know that they still have their friendship. 

It only takes them another ten minutes to reach the stream that Steve had in mind. It’s similar to the ones they’ve stopped at before, but definitely not deep enough for the sort of swim they’d taken a few days ago. Not that that’s the only situation in which Steve has seen Bucky unclothed now. Steve can no longer blame his blush on the sun once he slides down off of Lucky’s back and into the shade of the trees that they stop the horses beside. 

Thankfully, Bucky is still busy pulling out the food from his saddlebag so he doesn’t see the stain on Steve’s cheeks until it’s faint enough to be able to pass off as being caused by the heat. Steve still makes sure to avert his eyes, not trusting himself to succeed in hiding what’s behind them. He doesn’t lift his gaze until the both of them are sitting down in the patch of graze next to where Evergreen is grazing while Lucky drinks from the stream. 

As it turns out, Bucky’s provided spread is made up of more than just baked goods. There’s also a few bunches of grapes and a hunk of cheese, both wrapped in individual cloths to keep them clean. Steve’s brain continues to be unhelpful with the memories it provides, but somehow— and

he knows it’s silly— the cloths only serve to remind him of the way that Bucky had made sure to clean the both of them up last night.

Come to think of it, the kiss Bucky had pressed to the center of his chest before wiping off the mess on his stomach below was the last show of affection he had shown him other than the arm slung over his waist while they drifted off to a well earned sleep. 

God, Steve needs to get it together. Not every little thing needs to make him think about last night with Bucky.

The only thing missing from their meal is something to drink, but Steve thinks that’s one problem he can solve. If Bucky provided the rest of their lunch, the least Steve can do is go fetch them both some water from the stream. Looks like the goblets he’d accidentally stolen from the inn will come in handy after all. 

He’d only taken them in his hurry to get everything on the table back in his bag, wanting to have everything packed before Bucky returned to the room from what he now knows was the kitchen. He’s actually been feeling sort of guilty about it all morning ever since he saw them sitting at the top of his bag while checking it over before they left the stable, but it’s just two cups. They probably won’t even notice that they’re missing.

While Bucky begins laying everything out, Steve stands and goes back over to Lucky so he can pull the goblets out of his bag, heading straight for the stream with them afterwards. He can see Bucky cast him a sideways look when he crouches down to scoop up some water in each of them, rinsing out the remaining stain of wine coating them a couple of times before he brings them back over to Bucky. 

Bucky accepts the goblet Steve holds out to him with a grateful smile, taking a sip even as Steve is still moving to sit down. He settles with his legs crossed and takes a sip of his own, glad that the water helps ease the tension in his throat, most likely caused by all of the things he’s been thinking of saying being held back. 

He’s one sorry bastard, isn’t he? No wonder the Serum didn’t change anything. Bucky would probably say that thought makes no sense, but it’s not like they’ve been talking about anything that serious today, not with how Bucky is avoiding those topics like the plague. Or maybe Steve is just projecting his feelings on him? Steve isn’t sure. Of anything, it seems. It’s confusing.

When Bucky offers him a bunch of grapes, he plucks one off of the step perhaps a bit too harshly, so harshly that Bucky’s entire hand is jerked towards him by the momentum. Bucky raises his eyebrows, but doesn’t say anything as he pops his own grape onto his mouth and swallows it down after chewing, licking the juice of it off of his lips before pressing them into a thin line. Maybe he does have something he wants to say after all? 

The question he goes with is a pretty predictable one, though the tone he asks it with is careful. “Are you okay?”

Again, a predictable question, but not one with an easy answer. Is Steve okay? He has a couple of questions of his own, like whether or not

is okay, or if there’s a different reason he’s ignoring the obvious event they need to discuss. Did their night together mean nothing to him? Is this a sign that it’s going to change their entire friendship? Is Bucky always going to keep him at an arm’s length? Will he even want to see Steve again once they make it back to the castle?

He doesn’t ask any of those questions, instead keeping quiet while he tries to think of a response he can give to the question of Bucky’s that’s still hanging in the air between them. “I’m just tired,” he eventually says. It’s a cliche answer and one he knows he’s already given to Bucky before, but he can’t think of anything else to go with that won’t reveal too much. “I didn’t get much sleep last night. I guess it really wore me out.”

He doesn’t register the implications that statement contains until Bucky starts choking on his next grape, so hard that he has to pound on his chest before he has enough air back in his lungs to speak. His voice still comes out slightly strangled. “I’m… sorry?” That’s phrased as another question, and Steve’s face turns beet red as he realizes that Bucky is trying to take responsibility for wearing Steve out-- more than just physically. 

If Steve had anything in his mouth right now, he knows that he would be choking himself. He half wishes that his mouth were full, because then he’d at least have an excuse for why his words come out so fumbled. “Oh— no, I wasn’t— I didn’t—“ He ducks his head down, the embarrassment burning all the way up to the tips of his ears. “That wasn’t what I meant,” he manages after a minute. “I didn’t mean…”

Bucky laughs breathlessly, scrubbing a hand over his beard and shaking his head. He looks about as embarrassed as Steve. “The misunderstanding is on me.”

Steve can think of a couple of other things that were on Bucky the night before (his lips, mainly) but he chooses not to point them out. He’s already made him choke once, which is something he probably shouldn’t find so satisfactory, but as things are, he has to suppress a smile before he takes his next sip of water. Serves him right. 

But, he can’t let Bucky take the blame for everything. Steve knows he has a habit of mixing up words and not hearing hidden meanings before it’s too late, so really— “It’s on both of us.” Steve finds that his fingers are suddenly itching to move, so he leans forward and grabs a hunk of the bread Bucky has begun tearing into bite size pieces. 

Bucky watches him do it from behind the rim of his goblet, not speaking up again until Steve has his mouth moving to chew the crust. “I hope I didn’t make you uncomfortable.” His tone is just as careful as it had been before. “If I did, I didn’t mean to.”

While Steve may not be the best at picking up on social cues, it’s clear that Bucky isn’t only referring to their recent mishap with words. What he’s getting at is something more— something Steve has been waiting to be brought up all goddamn morning. Even now, Bucky isn’t bringing it up explicitly so much as creeping around the subject with a caution that Steve might find endearing if he weren’t so tired of Bucky playing coy. 

Bucky is the one who kissed

, after all. He doesn’t get to back out of the consequences now. Steve won’t force him into doing it again if that’s not what he wants, but what he will try and get him to do is talk about what already happened. 

“You didn’t make me uncomfortable,” he says softly, doing his best to start off seriously until he catches the way that Bucky has his eyebrows raised, still trying to lighten the mood even now that Steve is the one leading the conversation. Steve exhales in a breathless laugh and shifts his backside in the grass almost absentmindedly, “Not in that way, anyways,” he concedes. Then, sobering up once more, “Buck, it was

for me, I promise.”

And you said I was good for you too,

enough. Before Steve can get too worked up thinking about the possibility of both of those things being lies, Bucky is cutting in with a jerky nod of his head and a heavy exhale of his own. 

“I know,” he murmurs, eyes fixed on Steve’s knee where he currently has an arm hugged up around it. It takes Steve a moment to realize that it’s the arm with the scar, which must be what Bucky is looking at. “I know it was good.” Now he looks up and at Steve so sincerely that all of his insecurities and jumbled up thoughts are temporarily quieted. “It was like that for me too, you know.”

“I didn’t know,” Steve finds himself whispering, which is a too-honest statement that before now he hadn’t even registered as true. But with how fast things had shifted the night before and all of the other things that had happened even earlier in the say with Rumlow and the Serum— sinking in one truth had been so difficult to accomplish that he just hadn’t had the time to worry about another. 

Believing Bucky about why the Serum hadn’t changed him as much as he’d been expecting had been hard enough to begin with, and believing him strongly enough to assume that he was what Bucky wanted? That was something even harder, and somehow it makes Steve think back to one of the many things Bucky had said to him while they were standing in that cavern. 

Why is it that you’d rather believe in magic than believe in yourself?

As is becoming clear, Steve has to wonder about that a little longer. Why is it that he’d rather believe in fairytales than believe that Bucky will want to stay in his future? Why is it that he’d rather love Bucky quietly from a distance than be loud enough to ask if he loves him back? 

is the obvious answer. Fear of more than just one thing in more than one aspect. Fear of rejection. Fear of regret, even if not from his end. Fear that Bucky will wake up one day and have changed his mind about everything— fear that that's what Bucky had done this morning. But if that’s what happened, he wouldn’t be looking at Steve thay way right now. 

Bucky’s eyes are still locked with his, wide open and gentle despite the dark gray shade that makes up the irises. “I meant it yesterday. Everything I said.”

That may be true, and it’s kind of Bucky you say so, but Steve still has to wonder if he also meant everything that he— that

did. It’s too difficult for him to be able to ask that directly, but at least he does finally ask one of the million questions he has rattling around his brain. “When you say everything…” He knows that his gaze is guarded, but the soft touch Bucky gives him to the top of his knee helps his drawn up shoulders slump slightly. 

Bucky’s own shoulder tenses up at the squeeze he delivers to the area. “Everything,” he confirms. “I meant it all.”

Somehow, despite the whirlwind of his worries, Steve believes him. Bucky has never done anything to make Steve believe that he’s a dishonest man, and really Steve knows that he should be cutting him some slack. What happened last night was big for the both of them, as it seems. Bucky looks a little overwhelmed even now just thinking about it, which is something Steve can relate to heavily. 

He has to push through that heaviness in order to form a response. It’s so thick in his throat that he has to clear it with a cough before he can manage it, but in the end he does, even if his voice comes out a touch too quietly. “And it

everything to me.”

They sit like that for a long minute. Steve can’t speak for Bucky, but he himself is using the time to try and soak yet another profound message from the man in. The silence between is companionable, at least. Comfortable. And isn’t that what love is? Being able to be alone together with someone without having to feel lonely. Steve has felt lonely a lot of times in his life, but none of those times have been as easy to bear as this one. 

Hell, he might even be happy right now. Is that crazy? Maybe Steve

crazy, but he thinks that’s something that only comes with how he feels about Bucky. 

That happiness only intensifies when Bucky lifts the hand on Steve’s knee, shifting forward on his own so that he can lift his arm and next place his palm over the nape of Steve’s neck, giving that area a squeeze as well. “You really are something else, sweetheart,” he says lowly, and Steve can’t take the distance between them any longer. 

Hearing that name pass through Bucky’s lips again is all the signal that he needs to bring up his own hands and slide them up the broad sides of Bucky’s shoulders, barely allowing either of them a second to close their eyes before he’s sealing their mouths together into a sorely needed kiss. 

The initiation of this kiss is headstrong, but as usual with moves Steve makes out of stubbornness, the hesitation sets in almost immediately. He doesn’t really know why he’s so nervous. Bucky is kissing him back pretty enthusiastically, his hand still gripping the back of Steve’s neck in a grounding gesture that has Steve letting out a sound that’s close to a whimper when Bucky’s tongue presses against the seam of his lips. 

Going off of last night and now this afternoon, Bucky is a pretty good kisser. Steve may be the one who initiated this round of making out, but Bucky takes it over so fast that Steve barely even registers the change in direction when Bucky tips his weight forward from his knees and uses his bulk to essentially pin Steve down onto the ground.

As if the kisses weren’t heady enough, the position that Bucky has put them in is so similar to the one from last night that Steve’s head feels like it’s spinning so fast that it may as well fall off. His only focal point is Bucky— his lips, his tongue, the rough calluses of his palms, the wide expanse of his waist resting between Steve’s spread out thighs.

Steve has the distant thought that it’s a good thing he didn’t wear a white shirt today, because if he had, there definitely would be grass stains streaking up the back after this. Maybe he should take after Bucky and start wearing darker colors, but based off of the reaction he’s getting at the current moment, it seems like Bucky rather likes him in blue. 

Steve rather likes Bucky in black too, but if he had to choose an outfit he’d like to see him in when they get back to the castle, he thinks that he’d have to choose the armor. There’s something about that image that’s appealing, though Bucky is really just appealing to Steve in general, whether he’s wearing an armor or vest or nothing at all. 

Their romp around in the grass winds up having them keeping all their clothes on for the afternoon, but that’s probably a smart move. They’re not close enough to the road for anyone that’s passing by to see them without venturing off it a bit, but Steve would rather not chance it. Lying with Bucky is such a fresh thing, and maybe he’s just a hopeless romantic, but he wants that to be something that remains intimate. 

As a prince, he doesn’t get much privacy, even when left alone. There’s always someone in the castle who knows where he is and what he’s doing, and though Steve hates himself for it, that's part of the reason why he’s a bit apprehensive about the idea of getting back. He wants to be back with his Ma, of course he does, but as with every situation, there’s going to be pros and cons that result from his return. 

On the positive side of things, he’ll get to see Sam and his mother again. He’s been missing them both something awful, and as important to him as Bucky has become, there are still certain places in his heart reserved for other people that can’t be filled no matter what. It’ll also be nice to sleep in his own space again. The inns have been comfortable, all things considered, but Steve’s bed is still softer— something that he has to stop thinking about when his imagination helpfully pulls up the idea of Bucky sleeping in it with him. 

On the more pessimistic side of things, getting back to the castle means that their quest will have truly ended, and more importantly it means that Steve is going to have to face everyone’s disappointment at his lack of transformation. No matter what Bucky says about the Serum, all anyone else is going to see is that Steve came back looking the same as he had when he left with nothing to show for his journey besides a half empty bottle that he’s not currently even in possession of. 

He knows that Bucky kept it, but he’s been too afraid to ask about where it’s been put. He’s not sure he really even would want it back were Bucky to give it to him. 

Thinking about all of these problems has Steve getting worked up from more than just the way that Bucky’s thigh is rubbing at the insides of his own, and somehow Bucky must be able to sense the slight change in mood, because when he finally pulls back for a breath he looks vaguely concerned. 

He traces his thumb over the edge of Steve’s cheekbone, following the path it sets the way down to Steve’s mouth where he rests the pad of it over Steve’s still spit-slick bottom lip. “You okay?” 

That’s the second time he’s had to ask that in the span of an hour, and Steve winces at the fact that he’s made Bucky feel like he has to. It’s not his fault Steve has a habit of getting lost in his own head. “I’m fine. Just… distracted, I guess.”

Bucky hums and thankfully doesn’t press the question further. On the contrary, he raises his eyebrows and lowers them in a suggestive wiggle that’s intention only becomes even clearer with his glance down between their bodies and crooked smile. “I’m not causing problems for the royal jewels, am I?” he asks cheekily. Somehow, it’s still Steve’s cheeks that heat up at the remark. “I can move if you need.”

Steve groans and shoves good naturedly at Bucky’s shoulder. “The only thing I

is for you to shut up, Barnes,” he huffs, giving Bucky an unhappy look that’s purely for show. He’s pretty damn happy where he is at the moment, even if Bucky’s lines are awful. So much for all that silent stoicness Steve had gotten the impression of when they first met. 

Come to think of it, their little picnic is reminiscent of the dinner that they’d shared that day. The stream they’re sprawled out by is nowhere near as large as the river Steve had found Bucky bathing in, but it’s still a similar enough setting to make Steve feel oddly nostalgic. That dinner didn’t even take place that long ago, but a lot has happened since. 

Maybe Bucky is right. Steve has been changed by this quest, even outside the Serum’s effects or lack thereof. 

Bucky is kissing him again, so Steve isn’t at an angle where he can look down at the scar that's been left on his arm, but he’s suddenly very aware that it’s there. That scar, though he’d hated it at first, is proof that he did take the Serum, but maybe Bucky had a point that it’s also proof that no other changes were needed to make him whole. 

When Bucky pulls back a second time, Steve holds off on taking a breath for a moment, instead simply staring at Bucky to take the sight of him in.

he thinks. This was the piece that he needed all along. This is the person that he’s been waiting for. 

Bucky stares right back at Steve until Steve eventually blinks, which for some reason makes Bucky smile, the corners of his eyes crinkling and the dimple in his chin showing through the scruff of his beard. That same scruff tickles against the skin of Steve’s own chin when Bucky leans back in to kiss him again, this kiss softer than all of the others. 

The dizziness it brings on is different because of it. Steve thinks that if they were standing, it would be classified as a swoon. The feeling of being with Bucky is so much more intense than any of the silly crushes Steve had on some of the squires growing up, which does make sense considering that he’s now a grown man rather than a boy who had big dreams about finding

and even bigger dreams about leaving the castle to find something to make him truly deserving of his title. 

With Bucky, Steve has found both. 

Bucky hasn’t chosen to tie his hair back today, so the position he’s taken on top of Steve has his bangs falling into both of their faces, acting almost as a shroud that makes their position feel even more intimate. To tell the truth, Bucky makes Steve want to do a lot of stupid things, but his sudden urge to offer to braid Bucky’s hair back may be the dumbest one of the day thus far. 

He can’t help it. Bucky has done so much for him these last couple of days that Steve would do anything to return that favor, even if it ends up that Bucky doesn’t return all of his feelings. Steve will love him either way, and that’s what he does for the people that he loves. He might be a prince, but doesn’t that only make offering his services to someone on a personal level even more meaningful?

It'd be easy to give Bucky money from the royal treasury or promote him to a higher position, but while he deserves those things, Steve doesn’t think he’d want them. It’s another dumb thing, but all Steve can wish for is that Bucky will want him instead. 

wants them to stay where they are, it’s probably a wise decision on Bucky’s end for him to roll off of him and sit up. Their little lunch break has turned into something more, and while Steve has been enjoying, they do eventually need to get back on the road if they want to make it somewhere to sleep before nightfall. 

Steve has to wonder if he’ll be expected to pay for two rooms again. They’ve already shared a bed and done even more while in it, but he doesn’t want to be presumptuous. He’ll just have to ask Bucky when they get there.

Bucky already has his goblet back in hand and is gulping down the rest of his water by the time Steve sits back up as well, examining the cup in his hand with a thoughtful expression once it’s empty enough for him to hold it out. “Steve Rogers, did you

these?” He sounds more amused than accusatory, but Steve still rises to defense nonetheless. 

“It was an accident,” he insists, snatching the goblet away to hide behind his back and tossing a good natured glare at Bucky while he laughs. “I’m a prince. I don't usually have a reason to be a thief.”

Snorting, Bucky leans back over to their abandoned spread of food and plucks another couple of grapes off of their stems. “Well, maybe you’re just in a rebellious phase right now. You did run away from the castle, you know.” 

That’s clearly a joke not meant to hit home as heavily as it does, but no matter the point of it, Steve still takes the sting to heart. “Yeah,” he says quietly, dropping his gaze down to the blade of grass he’s now tearing at with his fingers. “I know.” He also knows that Bucky didn’t mean anything by that, but if today has proven anything, it’s that Steve can be a bit… sensitive. 

Maybe it’s just that the reality of getting

to the castle is so much closer, that sooner rather than later now, Steve is going to have to face his mother. He has no idea how mad she’ll be or if she’ll even be mad at all. There’s a possibility that her disappointment will be what wins out, which somehow is even harder for Steve to stomach the mere thought of. 

Bucky must be able to see the apprehension that’s crossing Steve’s expression, because he discards any further jokes that could be made in favor of laying his hand yet again on top of Steve’s hugged up knee. “Hey,” he murmurs, squeezing gently at his leg while he gives Steve an equally gentle smile up above. “It’s gonna be okay.” He sounds so sure when he says that, but Steve just can’t bring himself to reflect that sentiment. 

What if it’s not okay? What if his Ma doesn’t ever forgive him for this? What if everyone at the castle views him as a failure because of what happened with the Serum? What if this only makes people even more skeptical of whether or not he’ll be a good king? There are so many possibilities of what could happen, both goodnight and bad, but of course Steve’s brain is focusing on the latter. 

Luckily, Bucky doesn’t let him stray too far down that path. He squeezes again, and this time when he speaks, his voice is firm. “Sweetheart, I

you everything is going to be fine.” 

Bucky isn’t a liar. Steve knows that. But this promise isn’t one that seems plausible for him to make— how does he know that for sure? Still, despite all of his doubts, Steve finds himself succumbing to what is quickly becoming one of his greatest weaknesses.

If Bucky’s calling him that, maybe everything really will be okay. The name sinks down to his stomach with a warmth that feels like it’s radiating throughout his entire body, almost similar to how drinking the Serum had made him feel yesterday. 

Speaking of the Serum—

“Here.” When Bucky reaches his hand into his vest pocket, Steve already knows what it’s going to come out with even before it does. The blue glow of the bottle is a dead giveaway even aside from his prediction, casting itself through the glass even in broad daylight. The glass is still cool to the touch when Bucky hands the bottle over, but somehow it still feels like it’s burning through Steve’s palm as he turns it over. 

He stares at it, though the sight is already one that he’s well acquainted with. He may have only seen this bottle once before, but the memory is seared into his mind just like the scar that resulted from it is into his arm. He was right. Bucky was planning on giving the Serum back to him today, and just as he had thought before, Steve isn’t sure that he really wants it anymore. What’s he supposed to do with it now?

Apparently Bucky has an answer to that, always one step ahead of Steve as usual. “You should keep this. Think of it as a symbol.”

Steve hates to interrupt him, but he has to ask— “A symbol of what?”

Bucky’s hand comes up to rest over top of Steve’s, the bottle now clasped between both of their palms. When he smiles, it’s soft. “That you found more than one thing on this quest.” 

That’s true. Though he couldn’t see it yesterday, Steve is seeing it clearly now. He

find the Serum on this quest, but he also found Bucky, and in some ways, he found himself. That realization brings along a peace with it that has Steve feeling far more hopeful about the trip back to the castle. 

He has three days of bliss with Bucky ahead of him, and even if he doesn’t know exactly what will happen once they’ve returned home, he knows that this quest is something that he won’t ever regret going on. It’s taught him so much, given him so many things. 

A friend. A scar. Maybe even the love of his life.

When Bucky removes his hand from their embrace, he’s holding it out to help Steve stand almost immediately after, waiting patiently with it outstretched while Steve slips the Serum bottle into his pocket to free up both hands. Bucky doesn’t let go of him even once they’re both standing, instead using it to pull Steve closer and into another kiss with his other hand curling around the side of Steve’s hip. 

They really should be getting a move on, clearing away their lunch and getting back on the horses to continue their ride home. They should, but they aren’t. Not yet. Steve has waited decades for the right person to do this with. He can give himself a few minutes to keep kissing him. 

The two of them stay like that for a while, foreheads leaning together even after their lips have separated, but to tell the truth? As eager as he is to get back home, Steve would be content to stay here in this moment forever. Maybe even longer.

Really, Bucky is a form of home all on his own. That, Steve thinks, is what love is supposed to be. 

Having all that hope by the stream really makes Steve feel like a moron now that they’re back at the castle. 

It’s been a week. 

A week since they made it home. A week since Steve got to hug his mother again, a week since he got to tell Sam about everything that happened. A week since Steve got to sleep in his own bed and a week since Steve got to beg that first person to forgive him for going away to begin with. 

It’s been a week since a lot of things, but maybe most importantly, it’s been a week since Bucky has talked to, smiled at, or even looked at him. Steve is being ignored by someone for the first time in his life- ignored by someone who was his first

. And the worst thing is, he doesn’t even really know why. He has no idea what he did to make Bucky so set on pretending that he doesn’t exist. 

Steve might be the prince, but with how big the castle is, it turns out that it’s pretty easy for Bucky to avoid seeing him almost completely. There’s been the occasional run in when they’ve walked by each other, but it’s not like Bucky has slowed down to talk to him. A couple of times he’s even gone as far to change his entire damn direction just so they won’t be alone in the same corridor. 

To be fair, Bucky has been pretty busy. Steve has heard from Sam about how much work Sarah, Bucky, and the other knights are doing to better handle HYDRA on a larger scale now that they have someone who was once on the inside on hand to help strategize. But to be honest, it still hurts Steve’s feelings that Bucky is talking to his Ma more than him. It’s been a bit of a shock, if he’s being even more honest. 

Their journey home hadn’t been like this at all. On the contrary, it had been just what Steve had thought back at the stream— three days of pure bliss. After the picnic, most of the affection they had exchanged had been easy. Steve hadn’t paid for two rooms at any of the inns they stopped at or gone to bed alone once along the way. 

He’s always prided himself on not being easily spoiled despite his status, but it turns out that Bucky’s casual touches and drawn out kisses were a little too easy to get used to. Bucky taking them away was more than enough to make Steve realize that he’d gotten addicted to it all, maybe too quickly. 

It’s been a week, which means that he’s now gone without Bucky’s affections longer than he’d had them in the first place. He doesn’t have those affections because for some reason, he can’t even get the man’s

to know how he’s feeling towards him either way, though Steve being ignored speaks to a feeling of its own, or possibly even a lack thereof. 

The logical part of Steve’s brain is aware that Bucky truly is busy with his efforts to shut down HYDRA, which is something that Steve knows he has no right to resent him for. With what Bucky had told him about what they did to him, about what they made him do to other people… Steve loves him enough to leave it alone. Maybe this is Bucky trying to embark on a quest of his own.

If that’s the case, Steve has to wonder why it is that Bucky doesn’t want him to go with him, and even more importantly why he doesn’t seem to even want anything to

with him? The logical part of Steve’s brain may be able to write off Bucky not having time for him during the day, but he won’t talk to him at night, either. 

Not during dinner when Steve had passed by the knights’ table in an attempt to give him the change. Definitely not after, even when Steve had made a show of telling Sam he was going to the library for the evening in the hopes that Bucky would follow him so that they could finally speak between the shelves. Maybe even more. Steve misses Bucky kissing him, but really he just misses Bucky as a whole. 

He can’t even seem to get him in part, and maybe this is just the illogical, lovestruck part of his brain making itself known, but the distance is driving him crazy. It’s like every fear he’d had about Bucky not wanting to be his friend once they got back home came true, and as hurt as Steve is by that, it also just makes him mad. 

Does this prove that Bucky hadn’t meant any of the stuff that he said about wanting to be Steve's friend? About him being a good man? Is this his way of saying that he doesn’t like, let alone

Steve back? None of those things feel possible. Bucky isn’t a liar, nor is he someone who would pretend for that long. That should be a comfort to know, but it actually only pisses Steve off even more. 

Bucky cares about him, even if it might not be in the same way that Steve cares for him in return. It had taken some time and some talking for Steve to truly believe it, but Bucky really did believe in him. He believed in Steve’s ability to lead, and he hadn’t fought so hard alongside him because he thought Steve needed the serum that badly. He fought because he’s a good man who wanted to help him. To protect him. 

He fought, because above anything else, he’s Steve’s friend. His companion. So why is it that he’s been acting like they’re neither ever since they got home? Companions, friends, lovers— they’re all supposed to stick together, not leave each other out in the cold. 

Ironically, Bucky freezing Steve out is only making his temper get closer to boiling over. If Bucky were simply making excuses not to see him or being short in conversation, maybe Steve could handle it. He’d still be annoyed, sure, but at least then he would have the chance to actually talk to Bucky about it. As things are, they aren’t talking at all, which really makes Steve want to do something closer to

which in turn only frustrates him even more. 

It’s like his emotions are trapped in a bottle, being shaken up and then trapped by the stopper on top. It’s hell for someone with a temper as short as his, and he has no way of expressing his anger so long as Bucky won’t so much as look at him when he’s passing by in the corridor. Really, Steve should be applauded simply for not shoving Bucky against the wall and demanding that they talk. Not that he would ever do that. If he’s telling the truth, he’d rather Bucky do that to him. 

He’s kind enough to spare Sam the details of his desires for the time being. Currently, Steve is flopped flat on his back on the man’s bed, his head hanging off one side and his feet the other where he’s sprawled parallel to the pillows. Sam is sitting upright beside him, busying himself while Steve talks with oiling up the leather of one of his gloves before feeding time for the birds comes. 

Steve can tell that he’s listening even if he’s responding mostly with raised eyebrows and hums. It’s exactly what he had been doing himself about ten minutes ago when it was Sam’s turn to talk. Steve has been home for a week, but they still have some catching up to do on what had happened with both of them while he was gone. 

He’d feel a bit bad about ranting to Sam so adamantly if it weren’t for the fact that Sam had just done the same— apparently he’s been training an apprentice falconer that’s turning out to be quite the handful thanks to the crush Sam claims he has on him— but that isn’t enough to keep his frustrations from bubbling over and out of his mouth. Come to think of it, he and Sam’s apprentice may have something in common. 

Sam even says so himself, snorting and not lifting his eyes from the now-shining leather he’s examining in his lap. “So you have a crush on Barnes and he’s being an asshole about it,” he says plainly. 

Steve’s protest is immediate, as is his blush. He reaches out and smacks Sam’s closest thigh with one hand while he uses the other to rub over his face in an attempt to hide it. “No!” Sam does look at him now, setting his glove down and giving him a knowing glance that has Steve sighing and slumping even further down into the bed. “It’s not just a crush,” he admits. “It’s more than that.” He worries at his lower lip for a moment, but his hesitation to say this next bit doesn’t last long. 

It’s Sam. His best friend. The last thing Steve needs to worry about is judgement. 

Still, he has to take in a deep breath before he can get the confession to come. “I love him.”

Sam pauses his motions of turning his glove over to blink and give Steve another look, this time laced with surprise. He may have known Steve liked the guy, but it doesn’t look like he’d realized just how serious it is. “Oh.” There’s another pause that Steve doesn’t know what to make of until Sam speaks back up with a small smile that warns Steve of the teasing that’s to come before it actually does. “Barnes?

I didn’t know the burly ones were what did it for you, Rogers.”

Steve groans and smacks him again, tempted to just roll over so he can deal with hitting the floor instead. “Shut it, Wilson.” 

Unfortunately, Sam is one of the only people in the castle who doesn’t worry about listening to the prince, so he only grins even wider. “If tall, dark, and handsome guys are your type, no wonder you thought you had a thing for me when we first met.”

Groaning a second time, Steve gives into the temptation to roll over as if that’ll be any help to get Sam to quit. “I told you that in confidence!” 

“And when you were tipsy,” Sam supplies helpfully. Steve is expecting another joke to come after that, but what he gets instead is a gentle hand laying over his back that has him lifting his head and twisting it to see what Sam wants. What he wants, evidently, is to be a sappy bastard. His smile is softer now. “I’m happy for you, Steve. Really.”

The sincerity in his tone has a lump swelling up in Steve’s throat of an emotion that he isn’t quite sure of. Appreciation? Agony? He isn’t sure. Either way, it makes his own voice come out a bit rougher than usual “Thanks, Sam.” That, at least, is able to come out gratefully. What Steve has to admit next doesn’t come so easily. “But I don’t really think he feels the same. Not with how he’s been avoiding me all week.”

Sam looks sympathetic at that, and that’s without Steve even having to tell him that Bucky took his first time only a few days ago. And now isn’t even bothering to speak to him about that or anything else. Steve had thought their picnic by the stream helped solve some of those problems, but that was before they made it back to the castle. 

It does feel important to give Sam

of the context of what happened on their returning trip, even if some of the stories are things Steve would rather keep private. 

Steve stares up at the stone ceiling of Sam’s quarters and shifts so that he’s back to laying flat on his back again with his hands folded over his stomach. “We kissed the night before we started to head back, and it was a little awkward after, but… we got through that.” He swallows and closes his eyes. “Or I

we did, I guess. Now I don’t know.” He gets quieter, though he knows that there’s no one who’s going to bother trying to eavesdrop from behind Sam’s door. “I haven’t even told him that I love him yet.” 

With how Bucky has been acting, Steve’s not sure he ever will, though Sam apparently has a different idea in mind of what he should do. 

“Maybe that’s the problem,” he muses, setting his glove and polishing supplies to the side so he can flop down beside Steve on the bed, tilting his head towards him conspiratorially. “You’re not the only one who worries about how other people feel, you know. Us common folk get insecure too.”

Steve pulls a face even as he’s thinking over what Sam has just said. There’s a real sentiment behind the joking remark about his status, but Steve still has to first point out— “Weren’t you just complaining about your apprentice having a crush on you ten minutes ago?”

Sam gasps and smacks Steve’s arm the same way Steve had done to his leg before. The mimicry doesn’t stop there. “I told you that in confidence!“ he exclaims. Steve glares at him, but Sam only laughs and shakes his head, sobering up a little a few seconds later in order to continue his response. “Really, though. Tell Barnes how you feel. Worst comes to worst, what’s he gonna do after? Ignore you?”

Steve is pretty sure that his idea of

worst comes to worst

is Bucky already knowing how he feels, but just not caring, hence why he’s been avoiding him. But Sam is right. The least Steve can do is try. He’ll regret it for the rest of his life if he doesn’t— this was the whole point of his quest, wasn’t it? To prove that Steve Rogers doesn’t just sit on his ass and wait for other people to do the work when facing a problem. 

Maybe this is his next quest. The quest to get Bucky Barnes’ attention back on him, long enough to at least tell the man that he loves him. Somehow, the thought of that is just as scary as searching for the Serum had been. 

But Steve Rogers is no coward. He’s a man of action— a man with a plan, though he thinks that he might need Sam’s help to come up with the exact details of one to follow through on. Just like he’d needed his help when preparing for his first conversation with Bucky where he asked him to join him on his first quest. It seems only fitting that they go through the same process for the next. Call it a tradition, of sorts. Everyone in the castle seems to love those. 

There’s only one question Steve can think of to start with. He lolls his head to the side and fixes Sam with what he knows his mother would call an

“So how do I get him to talk to me alone?”

Bucky Barnes is no coward, but since returning to the castle, he can admit that he has been acting like a bit of a hermit. He can tell himself that it’s because he’s busy all he wants— and in truth, he is, because God knows Sarah Rogers is as determined to get rid of HYDRA as Bucky himself— but as sound as that reason may be, it’s also a facade. 

Once that mask fell off, Bucky had been under the impression that his days of covering things up were over, but that was a thought he had before having the pleasure of getting to know the one and only Steven Grant Rogers. The kid’s perpetual honesty makes Bucky want to both open up and close off all at once. He likes that about him, though it has made a few things, a few

, difficult to handle as of late. 

The thing is, Bucky knows that Steve likes him. That much is obvious, even if it had taken Bucky a while to stop writing it off as mere attraction in the physical sense. Unfortunately for Bucky’s regained sense of stability, there’s one other thing that makes the first part so complicated. 

Bucky likes him back, and he likes him a

Maybe even too much, which is one of the many reasons that he’s set out in his head as to why Steve can never know about those feelings at all. Bucky likes him. Might even hold some feelings that are stronger, though he’s been using all his recent business to avoid thinking too far in depth about that.

He knows that to Steve he must be coming off as fickle, but better to be a fickle man than a fearful one, as the saying goes. Or Bucky would say that, anyways.

he were actually speaking to anyone about anything other than HYDRA at all. 

Just as he’d suspected towards the end of committing the act, he had come to regret the night that he and Steve spent together in bed. Not because he didn’t want it or because he didn’t want Steve, but mostly because he hates that Steve’s first time had been wasted on the likes of Bucky. 

In the moment, Steve saying that he wanted it to be with someone he cared about had made total sense. Looking back, Bucky is pretty sure that his logic had been swayed more by what was going on downstairs than up, but the realization means nothing now that the opportunity to actually put it into action has passed. It had taken a little too long for it to sink in, too, if Bucky’s being honest. 

Three days, it had taken for it to hit him. Three days of riding, dining, and talking together, just as they had done during the first half of their trip, only with one major change now that they were making their return to the castle rather than the journey away from it. Those three days were also accompanied with even more intimate conversation between kisses and caresses, each one leaving him with more guilt than the last.

Here’s another thing to add to this list of complicating factors: All that Steve quest did was really cement how good of a man Steve is, and while Bucky had been aware of that even before they got back, now everyone else is being shown too. Bucky hasn’t seen much of the little prince since they first returned, but from what he’s heard, he’s been burning even brighter than usual. A shining star, a diamond in the rough, whatever else one could compare him to now that he seems to have

accepted that he’s worthy of his crown.

Bucky doesn’t want to drag him down. 

That might sound like a stupid justification for ignoring the man considering how visibly deflated he gets when Bucky passes by him without so much as a word, but it’s the only justification Bucky has that doesn’t make him sound like the sort of coward he’s always vowed never to become. 

Steve doesn’t deserve to be connected to him either way. Even if Bucky isn’t a coward, he’s still an assassin, the sort of man who stands behind a prince, not beside him. The blood on his hands only matches one of Steve’s royal colors. Steve is meant to be a king. Bucky was made into a killer.

The quest had helped him begin his journey to redemption, but his work with Sarah, his work as a knight trying to take HYDRA down rather than lead their charge— that’s what's really going to even the scales, isn't it? His redemption isn’t something he can put onto Steve any longer. It isn’t fair. 

Then again, neither is ignoring him, but it seems impossible to solve a problem in this situation without accidentally starting another. For example, the night that Bucky had spent with Steve laid out underneath him in bed. What were his options to choose from at that moment? Outright rejection would have been cruel, not to mention dishonest if Steve were to have asked how Bucky really felt about it. 

Besides, Bucky had been the one to kiss him to begin with. Following through on what he started was the only fair bargain, but look at where the deal has gotten him now. Bucky should have figured that he couldn’t get

he wanted. He did get to have Steve, but only for one night, and a couple of teases towards more in the days that came after. Those teases couldn’t be followed through on, though. Not with the prison Bucky has set up for himself now. 

Self punishment isn’t something he’s completely unfamiliar with, having always been a prouder man than most, but this time is admittedly much more difficult to get through than the others. It’s like he’s being torn in two, his mind fighting to stay focused on the fight against HYDRA while his heart longs to follow its path elsewhere. Ironically, that location is only a few rooms over from where Sarah’s strategy meetings are usually held. 

Every time Bucky comes out of one he has to push away the urge to linger outside the door to Steve’s chambers in hopes that he’ll catch him coming in or out. But even if that were to happen, what’s he supposed to say?

Sorry I’ve been ignoring you like the plague. Sorry I’ve been such a jerk in order to do that. Sorry that this is the first thing I’ve said to you since the day we got back.

None of those options feel right, but that’s the worst part of ignoring Steve. Nothing about it is right, and everything in Bucky’s heart knows that even if his mind is saying it doesn’t matter, that Steve is better off without him. 

Bucky just… he just doesn’t have any clue what he’s supposed to do, to be frank. Everything has just been so

since they got back to the castle. What he’d told Steve about the quest changing things was true for them both, as it turns out. 

Actually, changing is what Bucky is on his way to do right now, or it would be were it not for the crowd that he finds blocking his path when he attempts to cross the courtyard and climb the stairs that lead up to the level containing his chambers. He’s mainly planning on changing his clothes for the time being, though he does find his mood going through its own change rather quickly once he sets his eyes on what’s causing the blockade. And it is quite the spectacle indeed. 

Finding the odd pair of men taking advantage of the wide open space in order to spar in the courtyard is nothing out of the ordinary, but Bucky has never seen a sparring match quite like this. Gilmore Hodge isn’t exactly Bucky’s least expected guess when it comes to the question of who is fighting in public with the sort of track record he’s got, but as for his opponent— 

“Kick his ass, Rogers!” And there’s Sam. Standing on the sideline, at least. The one in the thick of the battle in front of him is definitely Steve, if the flash of blonde hair in the sun and the shout of his name from his friend is anything to go off of. 

Bucky feels a little like going off himself right now. What the hell does Steve think he’s doing, getting into a fight with Hodge? With weapons involved, no less. Not to mention, Bucky definitely taught him how to use a sword better than

It’s insulting to see him use it otherwise, and then infuriating to see how in over his head he’s getting because of it. 

Hodge isn’t exactly a knight so much as a semi-sleazy stablehand with a lot of muscle and a low down mouth, but he does know how to pack a punch, or in this case launch an attack with his blade that Steve barely bothers to parry. It’s such a shock seeing him rolling around in the dirt where Hodge knocks him down that Bucky barely even registers that his shirt is torn open until he catches a flash of vulnerable skin down by his side, only inches away from where Hodge’s blade next tries to slice. 

It’s not even a particularly close call, but for some reason, it’s what makes Bucky snap. He’s already seen Steve get one scar in the past few weeks. He’s not going to let him get another while he’s around— definitely not while he’s

. Maybe all of these other guys are content to stand around and stare while Steve and Hodge tear each other apart, but Bucky’s not. He almost stops Sam and asks him why the hell he isn’t doing anything on his way over, but his anger is too focused on Steve for him to give it that much thought. 

Steve had told him all about the reckless habits and roughhousing that he’d gotten himself into during his youth, but it's not something Bucky ever expected to see in person to this degree. He’s positively fuming by the time he shoves his way through the circle of men, finding himself stepping forward just in time to keep Hodge from delivering what would likely have been the final blow to Steve, who is still down on the ground with his sword held out lazily. 

Bucky silently swears at just how limp Steve’s grip is. Luckily, he doesn’t appear to be hurt, which makes sense. Hodge is an asshole and a braggart, but even he isn’t dumb enough to really hurt the prince. Drawing blood from him in his own courtyard would be enough to send someone to the gallows. But while Steve isn’t bleeding, he is still covered in enough dirt for it to look borderline comical when he stares up at Bucky from where he’s not yet gotten up out of it. 

If he weren’t still preoccupied with pulling Hodge off off him and shoving him out i to the crowd, Bucky would glance down and raise his eyebrow at the state he’s in, but as things are—

“Pick a fight with someone your own speed, Hodge,” Bucky calls, a small sense of satisfaction curling in his chest as he watches the man stumble away. The line is just as much of a dig towards Steve as it is Hodge, but to be honest, if you ask Bucky? Steve deserves it. They both know damn well Steve can fight better than that, which is exactly why Bucky pitches his next words in such a cold tone. “You

getting your ass handed to you or what?”

Steve scrambles off of the ass in question almost immediately, cheeks flushed with what could be embarrassment, exertion, irritation, or maybe all three combined. He might have a right to that, Bucky can admit. The first words Bucky bothers to toss him in a week and they’re said in a tone meant to sting. 

Steve’s temper is still much quicker than his regressed skills with a sword, it seems. He matches Bucky’s glare with an even one of his own. “I had him on the ropes, Barnes.”

Bucky doesn’t mean to laugh, but it comes out in a short bark before he can contain it. He eyes Steve, who is now brushing entire clouds of dirt off of his torn shirt, his sword still abandoned down amongst the source of it. “Yeah, it sure looked like it. You always win your battles from the bottom, pal?”

He has a pretty good idea of what has Steve’s cheeks turning red this time, though there’s still plenty of bite in his voice despite the blush. “You should know that better than anyone.”

There’s no one else nearby who could possibly know what that means between them, but Bucky is still taken aback by the fact that Steve said it in the first place. But if Steve’s temper is the one thing that remains constant in him no matter his surroundings, Bucky’s equivalent would have to be what his mother liked to call his smart mouth, which is entirely responsible for the retort he fires back with. 

“Tell me, Steve, do you know how to walk on your knees?” This time it’s Steve who is taken aback by the remark, but Bucky isn’t quite finished with what he wants to say yet. He claps a hand over Steve’s shoulder in a move that’s nowhere near as affectionate as his usual touches. He doesn’t doubt that Steve can feel the difference, but that's the whole point. He needs to know just how pissed Bucky is at this

that’s just gone on faith Hodge. “I think I can spare you one last lesson if you’d like to learn how.” His grip tightens as his words become more meaningful in a way that he knows only Steve will hear. “Especially if you’d like to go another round somewhere other than the courtyard.”

Even Steve’s temper can’t burn through the shocked reaction that statement elicits, at least not quickly enough to keep Bucky from catching the way it leaves his lips parted and eyes wide for a split second before— “You’d dare talk to your prince this way?” Steve sputters, but he doesn’t wrench his shoulder away, so that must count for something. “I could throw you in a tower for that sort of conduct.”

“My prince?” Bucky probably shouldn’t take that in the way that he does, but he can’t help how lowly he repeats it out loud, nor can Steve seem to help how hearing it makes him swallow, hard. “Tell me then, my prince.” Bucky steps closer, uncaring for the time being about how out in the open they are. “What sort of

could get us both up in your chambers instead?”

He would claim he doesn’t know why he says that, but he does. Even outside of what tamped down wants Steve’s implicatory remarks have stirred back up to the surface, he needs to get Steve alone so they can actually

about what’s just happened, and if it was truly the cry for attention that Bucky thinks it was. Either way, he’s got it, though his current silence requires Bucky to ask him—

“What’s the matter, your Highness? Cat got your tongue? Or are you just busy thinking about using it for something a little more complicated than

Bucky’s own tongue darts out of his mouth soon after, the swipe of it over his lower lip making him feel a little like a predator gazing at its prey. 

That shouldn’t excite Bucky as much as it does. He’s not supposed to enjoy seeing Steve at such a loss, and if this were any other situation, he probably wouldn’t. But they are in this situation, and what Steve is at a loss for are

which after a week of holding back, Bucky has plenty of stored up. That’s a problem he can solve for them both, and he’s going to do so by giving Steve exactly what he’s asking for. 

Steve wants his attention? He wants to throw Bucky in some lonely little room of the castle? Fine, but Bucky is only going to give him that attention if Steve comes into that room with him first. Bucky

always wanted to see what royal chambers look like from the inside.

He slides his grip down from Steve’s shoulder to grasp his forearm instead, tugging on it with a minimal amount of force. He wants to make Steve move, but dragging him off feels like it’d be taking things too far no matter how furious either of them are, though he doesn’t hold back on the growl he lets out to get that frustration across. 

“You’re coming with me,” he informs Steve, already in the process of marching him across the courtyard and towards the door that leads to the staircase he’d come through here to get to in the first place. “And you’re going to take me to your room.” As self invitations go, he thinks it’s a pretty reasonable one to make. 

Despite his other complaints, Steve must think so too. He doesn’t even bother protesting when Bucky pushes him to the front while they start climbing the steps. However, he does give Bucky a furtive look from over his shoulder that’s so endearingly

it has Bucky loosening up, even if it’s just a little. He’s still mad as hell, but he’s not mad enough to forget about the affection he holds for the man. 

This is just what love does, isn’t it? Bucky must have seen his mother and father in this exact position a million times over when one of them (or more often, both) made a mistake. No matter how many mistakes were made, though, the two of them always made up with each other in the end. That was what they viewed as the most important part of a fight, even more important than the initial reasons or wrongdoings that got it started to begin with. 

If his parents are to be believed… are Bucky’s reasons to stay away from Steve really the thing that he needs to be thinking about the hardest? Bucky is so far into his own head weighing over his options that it takes him until the they’ve reached Steve’s door to realize that all of his thoughts have begun revolving around that tricky little word he’s been trying to not make use of during this whole stay-away-from-Steve debacle. 

Now that he’s put it out there, even if only into his own head, Bucky can’t imagine taking it back.

That’s what this is. That’s what’s got his heart so twisted up at both the thought of keeping him close enough to taint and staying away for his protection. 

He’s in love with Steve Rogers. He’s in love with the prince.  

Was getting his ass handed to him in front of a crowd the

decision Steve has ever made? Probably not, and to be honest, Steve has made a lot of other dumb decisions othee than this one. But was this decision part of the plan he and Sam had decided to go with in order to get Bucky’s attention back on him? Yes it was, and even if Steve now has a hole torn in one of his favorite shirts, at least the plan has worked. 

Partially, anyways. Bucky’s attention is on him, but as Steve had predicted when telling Sam about his plan in the first place, the attention Steve’s getting is pretty angry. Bucky is pissed, and as annoyed as Steve is on his own end about some of the things Bucky had said to him down in the courtyard, he can’t really blame him for the reaction. 

Steve could have beat Hodge if he’d actually been trying and they both know it. They might be the only two who do, because even Sam had been pretty skeptical when Steve told him about his newfound skills with a sword. Steve had tried to play a convincing part when losing to Hodge, which he doesn’t doubt was something that was hard for Sam to watch as well. 

Bucky isn’t the only one who likes looking out for him, though the plan had hinged on being set up so that he was the only one who took action. Steve’ll have to bring Sam some muffins later or something to make up for it, but to tell the truth, he thinks that Bucky may have his own plan in store that’s going to keep them both busy for at least the next few hours. Why else would he be insisting that Steve take them to his chambers?

He had told Steve to lead the way, but somehow Steve doesn’t think that he’s really the one in charge right now. It’s just a feeling, but it’s one that Bucky must share if the hand planted on Steve’s lower back to push him down the corridor is anything to go off of. 

Steve scowls, though his skin is singing at finally getting some of the contact he’s been missing for a week. “I can walk on my own,” he still mutters, right as they reach the door to his chambers. He’s got

dignity left, even if the dirt from his fight with Hodge is still on his shirt. 

Bucky only scoffs to meet his scowl and presses him forward even further once he has the door opened, not bothering to wait for Steve to invite him in before he follows through behind him, shutting the door with a heavy

almost as soon as they’ve both stepped inside. The sound isn’t loud, but Steve still feels as if the vibrations are reverberating through him, though that may just be his heartbeat ratcheting up at the look Bucky gives him once he’s turned around. 

His expression is dark and a little dangerous, but not in a way that makes Steve

. That’s probably not the right response to anything about this situation, but part of him is still smug over the victory of simply getting Bucky to look his way again. If he’s mad, that means he still cares, doesn’t it? He wouldn’t be angry at Steve for this if he didn’t. Right?

Bucky’s face remains unchanged even as he begins coming closer, his mouth set in a firm line and his brows drawn together. There’s a tick from just how hard his jaw is clenched that Steve only notices when Bucky comes to a halt directly in front of him, leaving their bodies only inches apart. Apparently that still isn’t enough intimidation tactics for Bucky’s liking, because he shifts his position in order to lean his upper half even closer. Their noses are now close enough to brush, and when Bucky finally starts speaking, Steve can feel his breath coming out hot against his lips, almost in a mockery of the kisses he’s been missing from the man. 

“Care to explain to me what that little stunt was supposed to be down in the courtyard?” Bucky asks lowly. It’s clear that he already has an answer in mind, but that’s a good thing, isn’t it? It means he still knows Steve, even if he’s been trying to act like he doesn’t. 

Steve isn’t going to give himself up this easily, though. He may have done that with Hodge, but that was part of the plan. This is too, actually. The more worked up he can make Bucky get, the more likely they are to continue their conversation. Hopefully they’ll even get to the bottom of whatever his issue is. 

With that in mind, Steve squares his shoulders back and looks at Bucky in a way he knows is both defiant and dismissive. “I was having fun.” The response is short and clipped off, an obvious denial of the explanation Bucky wants. 

It has the intended effect of getting Bucky to raise his eyebrows and press his lips together even harder before he parts them in order to spit out an incredulous repetition of Steve’s final word. “

It’s juvenile, how pleased Steve feels with himself at stirring Bucky up this much. A stirred up Bucky is better than a stagnant one, at least. “That is what I just said, yes. Hodge was an apt sparring partner.” Now comes the hard bitting portion of his planned dialogue. “And I was in need of a new one considering my old one hasn’t really been around.” He keeps his voice cold during that last remark, and while Bucky doesn’t shiver, he does close his eyes. 

They both know what this argument and exchange has really been about, and now it’s out in the open. They have no choice but to talk about it, and with them in such a private room this time, there’s nowhere for either of them to run. It’s now or never. Steve is looking for an explanation of his own, and though there’s a part of him that’s fearful for what he may find, he knows that Sam is right. 

Bucky needs to know how he feels. It’s the only way Steve can move forward if he continues to be ignored, and if Bucky really is the friend that he says, he’ll be willing to at least hear Steve out before he decides not to stick around. They owe each other that much. 

‘Til the end of the line,

Bucky had said, more than once. Steve can only hope that the end of the line isn’t now. 

Steve’s eyes are wide open where Bucky’s are still closed shut, so he takes that as his cue to continue speaking while Bucky comes up with his response. “I don’t really know what I’ve done for him to pretend I’m a complete stranger now, but at least Hodge was willing to look at me while he ran his mouth.” Steve glances down between them at his soiled shirt with a slight grimace he isn’t sure Bucky even sees. “He may not be the most pleasant person, but he was the one willing to enter a match with me.”

Bucky finally opens his eyes, and this time the look Steve is given is one of exasperation. “You could have won that match, Steve,” he says quietly. There’s a certainty in his voice that makes Steve’s eyes start to prickle, because doesn’t this mean Bucky hasn’t given up on him? “If you were looking for a fight, why didn’t you even

“Because I wasn’t just looking for a fight.” Steve’s tone is no longer cold, having been swapped out instead for a whisper that’s closer to emotional than it is warm. “I was looking for you.”

There’s a long moment of silence that has them both holding their breaths. Bucky is the one to break it first with a heavy exhale that ends in a laugh, which might hurt Steve’s feelings if he weren’t close enough to see the disbelief behind it. Bucky’s not hysterical, but he does look to be on the edge of getting there. 

He takes a half step back to give himself the space to scrub a hand over his beard in his usual self-calming maneuver. “You got your ass ground down into the dirt by one of the biggest assholes in the castle because you were looking for

He’s back to repetition it seems, at least until he shakes his head and laughs again. “Good God, Rogers. You're a little punk, you know that? That should be what they call you instead of

Out of all the things Steve was expecting Bucky to say next, that was not one of them. First Steve gets laughed at and now he’s getting called a punk? He scowls and draws from the simmering stubbornness he almost always has brewing in his chest. The strain of this week means that it sparks that much more easily. “Yeah, well you’re a

, Barnes.” He’s the one that steps closer this time, jabbing a finger into Bucky’s shoulder to better drive in his retort. “Do you know

For some odd reason, that has Bucky sobering up so suddenly that it makes Steve’s head outright tilt in confusion. “I do know that, actually.” Steve doesn’t know what to say to that, so he doesn’t say anything at all while Bucky scrubs his hand over his face again and goes on after in a gruffer voice. “I am a jerk, Steve, and I’m sorry that you’ve been hurt by it.” He draws in a deep breath, and now his eyes are dropped down, refusing to meet with Steve’s own. “But I’d rather you think I’m a jerk than be forced to realize that there are other things that make me a lot worse.”

Steve’s confusion doesn’t dissipate. In fact, it only grows even stronger, so strong that he has to ask— “What does that mean?” Bucky doesn’t answer, so Steve lifts both hands to grip him by the shoulders in the hopes of getting his eyes to raise. It doesn’t work. Steve still tries asking again. “Bucky, what are you trying to say?”

“I’m saying that I’m not a good man, Steve,” Bucky snaps, stepping back again so that Steve no longer has a hold on him. “I’m not a good person, or a good friend, and I most certainly am not someone that the goddamn prince should want to be around.”

That stings on more levels than just the surface. Why is it that Bucky always brings up Steve’s status during these moments? He sees Steve as more than that, Stege knows he does, and he would be kidding himself if he said that his status didn’t matter at all— but why does it matter when it comes to this? What does Steve’s crown have to do with Bucky not wanting to talk to him?

Is that the reason he doesn’t?

Steve would ask, but Bucky isn’t done with his rant just yet. “I’m trying to be better, but I was a bad man who did bad things for a very long time, Steve, and I can’t just pretend it never happened,” he’s rambling, ignoring the way that Steve is shaking his head and trying to come closer. How can Bucky believe these things about himself? “I’ve killed people. I’ve tortured them. I’ve hunted them down like a

, because that’s what I was.” He lifts his eyes back up to look back at Steve,

, but the emptiness behind them is so awful that Steve can’t be grateful for the gaze. “I was an assassin, Steve. I was an animal.”

“Buck,” is all Steve can manage to get out through the thick lump of emotion that’s trapped in his throat. “

But Bucky only shakes his head and ignores him again— or at least he tries to, but he can’t quite keep from needing to swipe angrily at his eyes. Bucky’s not crying just yet, but Steve feels like he’s about to start himself, especially with what Bucky tells him next. “That’s why I’ve been ignoring you, sweetheart. It’s why I’m going to need you to stay away from

“What?” Steve whispers. The conviction in Bucky’s words is devastating, not just when it comes to what they mean for Steve, but also when it comes to what Bucky really seems to believe about himself. An animal? “Bucky, no.” Bucky shakes his head again and tries to cut him off, but Steve interrupts the attempt before he can. “You’re not going to shut me out just because of some stupid ideas you have about yourself, and I sure as hell am not going to help you do it.” He keeps his voice firm. Final. 

Unfortunately, Bucky might just be as stubborn as Steve is, because he’s still shaking his head and trying to deny what Steve is saying. “Wasn’t Rumlow coming after us enough to show you what I’m talking about?” he demands. “Do you know what it would do to me if my past ever put you in danger again?”

“That's exactly what it is, Buck!” Steve is shouting now, he knows, but the stone walls should keep it muffled from any passerbys. Not that Steve cares about their opinions right now anyways. “The

. HYDRA isn’t here. They don’t have you anymore, and you helped make sure that they didn’t take anything from me, but even if they had, it still wouldn’t have been your fault. Any of it.” Steve softens his voice for this next bit. “I know what you’ve been trying to do with my Ma. You’re helping her, too. You’re helping

. That’s not what a bad man does.”

In his own opinion, Steve feels like he’s stating the obvious, but it must be news to Bucky, because he looks to be at a total loss. He’s not been won over all the way, but he does stop shaking his head, which gives Steve enough hope to press on. He presses forward with his palm as well, placing it gently over the left side of Bucky’s chest, right where his heart beats underneath. 

That big, beautiful heart Steve fell in love with in the first place. Bucky might be a jerk and an asshole to boot, but like Steve has thought more than once, he’s an asshole with a heart of gold, not to mention a protective streak a million miles wide. 

How can the man Steve loves think of himself as anything less than perfect? Sure, Bucky has his flaws, but so does Steve. The Serum hadn’t gotten rid of them, and since stubbornness might be Steve’s greatest flaw of all, he still has plenty of it left over to fortify his refusal to leave. 

He chooses his next words deliberately slow so that they’ll sink in even deeper when he finally gets them out, hand still over Bucky’s heart and eyes locked with his all the while. “Bucky, I know that I can’t take away all of the pain you’ve been through, and I can’t change the way you feel about everything that they made you do, but…” He pauses in order to swallow down some of the heaviness building up in his throat, but Bucky lifting his hand up to tentatively rest over top of Steve’s own makes his voice come out thick with emotion despite the effort. “I can tell you that you’re a good man, Bucky Barnes, and that is something I could not be more certain of.”

In the back of his mind, Steve has the distant thought that the statement sounds eerily familiar, and then the irony— or at least the impact of it— hits him as he realizes this conversation is almost an exact echo of the one he and Bucky had gone through not a week and a half earlier. 

The two of them really are like peas in a pod, aren’t they? What a match they would make if Bucky did return his feelings. Steve would laugh if Bucky didn’t still look about two seconds from shattering, but as things are, nothing about this conversation is lighthearted. 

The gravelly timbre of Bucky’s voice matches the mood much better. “I don’t want to hurt you. I don’t want you to be hurt by

, especially me, but—“ He shrugs helplessly. “Even if I were selfish enough to risk that, what use would there be in playing around with something I never deserved to have?” 

It’s clear from the way he says that that the

he’s referring to is supposed to be Steve. The urge to laugh is nowhere to be seen now, replaced instead with other urges that Steve chooses not to hold back on. If this conversation truly is a parallel to the one they had in relation to the Serum, all Steve can do now is follow Bucky’s lead. He’s tried words to no avail, which leaves behind only one other option: action

The man with a plan’s final play begins now. It’s really more of a spur-of-the-moment extension to his previous thought than anything, but that’s a technicality Steve doesn’t have the time to think about, not when he’s so busy reaching around Bucky’s side to access the small table that sits beside his bed frame. He yanks the top drawer open with more force than is probably necessary, but he doesn’t have time to think about that either. He’s too close to his prize to care about how the wood being the handle splinters. 

Steve doesn’t even bother to shut the drawer once he has what he needs taken out of it, leaving it haphazardly hanging open so he doesn’t have to waste anymore time before finally bringing up his intended item between them— and if things go according to his (admittedly, gone off the rails) plan, their solution. 

The Serum bottle has proven itself to be unusually strong, having survived all that time in the cave and then the trip back to the castle, so Steve doesn’t have to mind how hard he grips it when he holds it wordlessly up to Bucky’s face. He doesn’t say anything even after he brings it back down. All Bucky needs to know is that he has it. That knowledge is crucial in making sure Steve’s next move is effective. 

It’s a bold move, that much Steve is sure of. Probably a bit showy too, but showiness is a good thing to include when it comes to driving a point in, right? Either way, Steve makes the executive decision to play up the motions of his hands when he pops the stopper out of the bottle and raises it to his lips. It must work somewhat, because Bucky’s eyes are wide open and the rest of his body rapt as he watches. 

“Steve,” he tries to say, or maybe tries to ask, but it’s too late if stopping him was Bucky’s goal. Steve has already taken a sip of the Serum, but unlike he had in the cave, he doesn’t swallow it just yet. 

Instead, he steps forward with a stubborn square of his shoulders, tosses the now almost-empty Serum bottle to land on the nearby surface if his bed, and ignores the way it’s most likely spilling into the blanket in order to grab Bucky by the cheeks and kiss him squarely on the mouth. 

Another parallel to their conversation after the cave. Bucky had been the one to kiss

then in order to help show Steve that he didn’t have to be perfect to be good, and now, Steve is the one who is taking that role on himself. Some might say that using the Serum to prove his point is cheating, but Steve thinks of it as more of a shortcut. A simpler way to show Bucky that he never has been and never will be the sort of monster that HYDRA made of men like Rumlow. 

When Steve said he was sure that Bucky is a good man, he meant it. Every word. Hopefully the taste of Serum burning between their lips will be enough to make Bucky believe in the truth. 

The kiss happened so fast that Steve doesn’t suppose he can really blame Bucky for looking so confused once it’s broken, but it doesn’t seem to be confusion over the kiss at all, but more so confusion over the fact that the kiss and its corresponding exposure to the Serum hasn’t changed anything visibly at all. 

That confusion is something Steve can relate to, but Bucky didn’t even get a scar, it looks like. He looks exactly the same as he had a minute ago, only much less angst-filled and more… awe-struck. Maybe even astonished, apparently at both Steve and himself. 

“Did you just…” he begins, but doesn’t finish, because before he can, Steve nods, resting their foreheads together while Bucky comes to terms with what just happened and while he catches his breath enough to respond. 

When he does, he keeps the answer quiet. This is something important, and in a way, even more intimate than anything else they’ve done. This is something only the two of them share together now. “That’s how sure I was.” Steve smiles and then laughs wetly when Bucky’s hands come up to grip his wrists, holding them in place so that Steve will keep holding him. “It’s like you told me, Buck. The Serum doesn't have to do anything when you’re already a good man.”

Bucky laughs too now, low and shaky. It’s the first positive sound Steve has heard from him in a week. “You’re using my own words against me, Rogers?”

“I could use more of them, if you want.” Steve brushes his thumb over Bucky’s cheekbone reverently. Though the Serum hadn’t enhanced anything, Bucky has always been beautiful, and considering Steve thought he might never get this close of a look at him ever again, he wants to savor every bit. “That

bit of yours never gets old.”

This time Bucky’s laugh comes out surer, even if it’s just as wet as Steve’s was thanks to the overwhelming emotions he must be holding back. Steve gets it. He’d just gone through some big moments himself the week before, and maybe now isn’t the best time to drop yet another one onto him, but this is something Steve doesn’t think he can hold back for much longer. 

If he wants Bucky to believe he’s a good man, what better way is there to show him—

the Serum— than to let Bucky truly know how he feels?

He’s not as bold about this as he was with the Serum, but summoning every ounce of courage that he can find in himself, he curls his fingers in closer over Bucky’s cheeks to regain his attention, lips parted in preparation for what he’s about to admit. 

The courage doesn’t keep him from hesitating, though. He has to wonder how the hell people do this, commoners and royalty alike. It’s terrifying, even more so than letting Bucky take him for the first time, which sounds ridiculous but is somehow true. Allowing Bucky to have his body is one thing, but giving him his heart? 

Steve doesn’t even know where to start when it comes to handing it over, but he gives it his best shot regardless. “Buck, as long as we’re having a heart to heart right now, there’s something else I need to tell you.” That’s all he can manage to get out on his first go, but Bucky’s hand moving to grip the back of his neck has its usual effect of working wonders when it comes to calming him down.

is the clear message that the gesture is meant to get across, so that’s exactly what Steve does. 

“Part of me feels like I’m stating the obvious, but…” And here goes nothing. Steve takes in a deep breath and takes his final step forward. “I love you, and it’s been that way even before we got back from the quest.”

There it is. His greatest truth finally bared between them, off his chest and out in the open. It’s terrifying and freeing all at once. 

Bucky’s responding silence doesn’t alleviate any of the fear Steve is feeling, but the same as with the Serum, Steve understands that it’s probably a bit overwhelming to soak the information in. Still, he can’t help but let his head spin towards a few undesirable outcomes. 

What if this was a mistake? What if Bucky hears this and it changes his mind about everything else Steve said before? What if he doesn't even want to be Steve's

But then, on the opposite end of things, what if he does feel the same? What if he loves Steve in return?

Whatever the answer is, it looks like it’s one that Steve is about to find out, because Bucky is finally opening his mouth for something that appears to be for more than just the reason of shock. “Steve,” he murmurs. It’s so soft that Steve can’t tell if it’s meant to be rejecting or affectionate. Thankfully, one of Bucky’s next words acts as a pretty good tip off. “Stevie, there’d be no good in me at all if I didn’t love you back.”

Oh, thank God. Steve positively slumps in relief, so overcome by the giddy rush of it that he doesn’t even mind Bucky laughing at him before he leans in, capturing him in a kiss that tastes a little like Serum and a lot like falling in love. This is their first kiss as lovers, Steve supposes, so it does make sense in a sappy sort of way. 

They are lovers, aren’t they? That’s what it’s called when two people are in love with each other. When it’s mutual. When they’re together, like Steve and Bucky’s mouths are now. This kiss isn’t as goal oriented as the one with the Serum involved had been, but that only gives them the time to take it slow, building the passion up further and further until Bucky is deepening it with his tongue at the same time he tugs Steve closer with a grip on both sides of his waist. 

It isn’t long after that that they end up on the bed, Steve on his back under Bucky in almost the exact same way they had been positioned at the inn the first time they had done this dance. Steve found his right partner, and now he thinks he might even finally have him for good. Now that they both know what they do, there’s no amount of avoidance or argument that could make them forget. 

Steve doesn’t want to forget a single second of having Bucky here with him, in his home, his chambers, his bed, but it’s proving to be a bit hard to avoid that with how Bucky’s hands on his body and the heat of his mouth is making the moments pass by in a blur. Things are moving much faster than they had last time, but Steve doesn’t think he minds. Bucky being gentle with him was nice, but this— this is good too. 

It’s better than good. It’s perfect, because now Steve knows he’s doing this with not only someone he loves, but also someone who loves him back. It makes it all the more special, and the way Bucky is touching him makes Steve feel like he’s something precious even when those touches turn towards the more sordid side of intimacy. 

Steve gasps out into the next bit of space Bucky gives him so they can both catch their breath, allowing Bucky to multitask by tugging his shirt off while he smiles contentedly at the canopy over his bed. It’s a relief being taken out of his soiled top, though the relaxation that comes from the freedom quickly gives way to certain parts of his body tensing up when Bucky takes the opportunity to start stripping himself off as well, sat back on his haunches while straddled over Steve’s knees in a pose that Steve is noticing is part of his signature style when it comes to these private encounters. 

Steve would begin shimmying out of his lower garments if Bucky were perched where he is, but as things are, he’s more than happy to lay back and watch. Bucky winds up taking that task on himself, anyways, tossing everything he takes off of them both onto the floor. Steve doesn’t even mind the mess it makes. He doesn’t suspect they’ll be burdening themselves with clothes for at least the next few hours. 

They don’t burden themselves with the blankets, either. Steve doesn’t feel the slightest bit cold despite the perpetual draft that usually lurks among the castle walls. He can’t, not with the warmth of Bucky covering him from practically head to toe. Steve can feel him everywhere, and that’s even before Bucky grabs Steve’s pot of oil from the same bedside table the Serum had been hidden and uses it to begin opening him up with his fingers. 

They haven’t exchanged many words since their initial

, but Bucky apparently wants to take this opportunity to change that. “So sweet for me,” he murmurs, pressing his mouth to the corner of Steve’s jaw in a quick kiss that he tops off with a nip to the skin. “Never would’ve thought I’d get you like this again with how you were smarting off at me earlier.” He shushes Steve’s small sound of complaint at the comment and lets out a low chuckle against his neck where he bites down next. “I don’t mind that. Only makes it even more…

when you let me see you like this.” 

Bucky punctuates the word

with a subtle push of his fingers up against that spot that indeed gets Steve to go sweet, as well as see something close to stars spot his vision amongst the backdrop of Bucky’s face, the other man’s smile somehow sharp and soft all at once. He’s smug, which Steve should hate— but he doesn’t. He has Bucky here with him. How could he hate anything about that?

The treatment he’s receiving definitely contributes to his newly positive outlook on their circumstances, as does the line of kisses Bucky begins pressing down his neck and chest as he slides down to meet where he still has his fingers moving between Steve’s legs. He pauses his lips once he reaches Steve’s hips, kissing either side and lingering on the left one where Steve knows his royal birthmark sits. 

The birthmark isn’t anything really royal, just a small patch of slightly more pigmented skin that almost resembles the shape of a star. It’s only

because his mother had been the first one to notice it, but Steve is trying his hardest not to think about her at all right now, not with Bucky’s mouth where it is at the current moment. 

The fingers Bucky doesn’t have inside him are brought up to brush over the mark once Bucky has leaned back enough to expose it, his voice coming out just as rough as the tips of them. “Never noticed this before,”

Steve’s breath hitches right before his leg does the same, draping over Bucky’s shoulder to give him more room to work with. “Guess you just weren’t looking hard enough.” He only says that to say

in response, but surprisingly, it's something that Bucky seems to agree with. 

“I wasn’t.” And then he’s kissing Steve’s hip once more, speaking with his mouth still against the mark. “But I sure like what I’m seeing in front of me right now.”

There’s nothing else Steve can think to respond with that too besides with something that’s already been said, but he’s more than happy to have the opportunity to say it again. “I love you, Buck.”

Bucky’s words are so serious that they may as well come out as a vow. “I love you, Steve Rogers.” 

When Steve whimpers, it’s not only because Bucky has just pulled his fingers out, though that does only add to the dizziness that Bucky’s making him feel overall, a dizziness that only increases when Bucky climbs back on top of him and resumes a position similar to the one he had taken before. There’s one marked difference, though, and a fairly large one at that, which Steve can feel pushing up close and personal against the slick space between his legs that Bucky had so kindly devoted his efforts to loosening up. 

All things considered (that night at the inn especially), this isn’t anything they haven’t done before, but there are other factors at play here that make what they’re about to do all the more meaningful. It means so much that Steve finds himself breathless even before Bucky locks their eyes together and waits for him to nod as the go-ahead signal that allows him to begin pushing in. 

It’s only the second time Steve’s body has been (quite literally) stretched to this limit, so the sting is to be expected, though it’s quickly overshadowed by the pleasure that comes from Bucky smoothing a hand over his chest and focusing on using his fingers to toy with the more sensitive areas of it as he gives his first few experimental thrusts forward. 

Steve’s cock jumps against his belly at the sensation of both— he’d never thought to touch himself up there before— but it’s Bucky leaning back in to kiss him that gets his heart jumping so hard that Bucky can probably feel it trying to interrupt his pinching gestures. He lets up on them before too much longer either way, abandoning Steve’s nipples in favor of cupping his hands over both sides of his face, grounding him up top as he really begins to fuck him in earnest down

Bucky’s hands are holding Steve steady, but his hips are finding a steady rhythm of their own, rocking in and out, in and out, in and out until the both of them are getting lost in the bliss that comes from the motion. Steve feels like he’s being reborn in a way that even the Serum never came close to touching, but while he’s here, while he’s with Bucky— anything is possible. Anything at all.

Even true love, as he’s finding out. What more could he ask for?

more thing, but that has more to do with him being greedy than it does anything else. Luckily, the man Steve loves is nothing if not generous, so when Steve clutches at his back with desperate hands and begs for

, that’s exactly what he’s given. This, more than any of the other things Steve has been gifted because of his status as prince, is what he thinks could make him feel spoiled the most. 

Bucky isn’t swaying him away from that with how fondly he murmurs his next round of what’s supposed to be filth but comes out less effectively thanks to the amount of affection it’s dripping with. “My love,” he croons, brushing back Steve’s bangs just so his lips aren’t obstructed when he presses them to Steve’s forehead soon after. “My prince. You want more from me? Want me to make you feel good?”

Steve gasps and digs his nails into Bucky’s back at the next thrust he takes in. If his eyes weren’t so busy rolling back he might give Bucky a glare and a good natured quip, but as things are, it’s all he can do to barely keep himself from going dumb with it. 

It’s probably not becoming of a prince to beg, especially not in such an obscene way, but it’s what Steve does regardless. He doesn’t care about royalty or status right now. All he cares about is how deeply he’s feeling everything, in body and heart alike. 

He does want more, but he trusts Bucky to make that choice for him, which is exactly what he tries to get across in his gasped out answer. “Just want you,” he breathes, blinking up at Bucky with a dazed smile and a hand that comes up to curl around the edge of his beard. “‘S’all I need.”

“Then that’s what I’ll give you.” This time, Steve can tell that Bucky’s words are meant to be the vow they come out as. 

The sincerity paired with the sensation of Bucky making good on his word is all it takes Steve to come undone. Bucky’s promise to make him feel

barely begins to cover the high that Steve’s senses are going through, and that’s even without the emotional side of it in mind. The only word Steve can think of to describe it is

and even that only comes to mind a full minute after Bucky has followed him over the edge in order to release inside him with a low ‘

that warms Steve from the inside out. 

The physical mess Bucky marks him with doesn’t do much to deter from that, and when Steve feels it begin slipping down his thighs once Bucky has pulled out, that promotes a different heat altogether. He lets the mess both between his legs and between their bellies go for now, choosing to remain where he is even when Bucky rolls over to flop onto the bed beside him. 

Steve can barely see him out of the corner of his eye, but Bucky seems to be staring up at the dark blue canopy that hangs over Steve’s bed like it’s the true night sky and not just a replica that Sarah had designed for him when he was still a sickly child that was too often kept from going outside. If Bucky’s looking for answers among the stars, he’d probably have better luck sticking his head out the window, but Steve would prefer it if they were able to stay right where they are for a little while longer. 

change in mind, but that’s pretty easily resolved with the arm that Bucky lazily stretches out along the pillows. It’s a clear invitation only made even clearer with Bucky’s sigh and tired smile. “C’mere, you.”

Steve is happy to oblige the request, scooting over into the offered space before Bucky’s arm has even got the chance to fully relax. He props his head onto Bucky’s chest once they’re both settled, content to simply watch for a few seconds before he finds it in him to break the lull that’s come with their post-coital bliss. 

He had a good reason to do so, at least. He didn’t have the courage to do this last time, but now the opportunity is one that he isn’t going to pass up. “I love you, Buck,” he whispers. Is this the third time he’s said it? The fourth? Whichever it is, it’s still soon enough for the phrase to feel precious in a way that Steve hopes never fades. 

He does love Bucky Barnes, and if Bucky will have him, he’s going to do so for the rest of his days. ‘Til the end of the line, as the man himself always says, though his signature catchphrase is switched up temporarily for a different declaration in response to Steve’s. 

“I love you, Stevie,” he murmurs, carding a hand through Steve’s hair. “I really, really do.”

Despite all of his usual insecurities, for once Steve feels as if he doesn’t need any convincing of the fact that what Bucky’s saying is true. Bucky never lies to him, and even if saying

can’t fix all of their problems, it does bring what’s important to light. 

Maybe Steve still has trouble remembering that he doesn’t have to be perfect in order to be good, and maybe Bucky still has issues with believing that his past doesn’t confine him to so ending his future trying to redeem himself. But those are things they can get through if they try. Those are hardships they can overcome even more effectively with each other by their sides. 

Keeping in mind that he

perfect, Steve winces and finally breaks the lull fully in order to do something that comes very hard to him indeed— apologize. “I’m sorry I threatened to lock you in a tower,” he sighs, because he really didn’t mean it. He doesn’t tend to mean most things he says during arguments. “I was just…”

“Mad?” Bucky supplies. Steve nods, but Bucky’s suggestions don’t stop there. “Being a brat? Pitching a fit?”

Steve huffs and thumps a hand good naturedly against the side of Bucky’s chest his cheek isn’t currently resting on. “Only because you deserved it, jerk.” If his face is pink, he can luckily still blame it on the afterglow. 

Bucky’s laugh is somehow still knowing, though that tilt to his tone might just come automatically with his teasing tendencies. “If I admit that I did, what does that get me?” He tugs on Steve’s hair where he’s still been petting it. “Another kiss?”

The tug earns Bucky a dirty look and an exaggerated eye roll, but Steve knows a good deal when he hears one. He’s a prince. Expertise with bargaining is a requirement to take the throne. “Maybe two if you admit it and actually mean it.” A counter offer is deserved in this situation. Bucky is a reliable partner, after all. 

That point is only proven by his easy nod and laugh, though there is a genuine note of guilt in his voice when he responds. “I knew I couldn’t avoid you forever, so I guess I should have known I’d get what was coming sooner or later.”

A few of the insecurities that Steve had just marked off as being absent come creeping back in again, strong enough for him to feel the need to ask— “And you’re okay with how things ended up?”

The long exhale Bucky lets out wouldn’t come across as a good sign if Steve weren’t well acquainted enough with his body language to know that Bucky is merely trying to pick out the right way to say the answer he’s already chosen. “If we were in one of your storybooks,” he finally says. “I think this would be pretty close to my perfect happily ever after.”

He sounds like he means that, but would Steve really be Steve if he just left well enough alone? Maybe

doesn’t have to be perfect to be good, but that doesn’t mean he can’t try and make things better for the man that he loves. “What would make it perfect?”

Bucky’s smile isn’t sad, but it’s resigned in a way that Steve hates to see taint the overall happiness of where they are. “There are some things you just can’t control, sweetheart.”

That’s not a very clear answer, but Steve has a feeling that he knows what

Bucky has in mind, and for once, he’s wrong. Steve can’t control everything, nor does he want to, but what he can do is help. “Buck, if this is about your family, you know I’d be more than willing to help you find them,” he says quietly, propping himself up on an elbow so that he can look at Bucky more seriously. “And even if we don’t find them, at least you could find some peace.”

They’ve found a lot of things with each other— a friend, a partner, a lover, a companion— but Steve knows that he can’t truly be Bucky’s everything, especially when he has an empty space in his life so large. It’s only been seven years since Bucky left his family, so the chances that they’re still around aren’t hopeless even if they may be slim. 

They have to at least try. With how Bucky talks about his family… Steve knows what it’s like now to be considered one of Bucky’s loved ones, and the thought of Bucky letting that go is one he can’t stomach. He won’t pressure Bucky into making such a big decision for anyone else’s benefit but his own, but at least now the offer is out there. 

As expected, Bucky’s answer isn’t an automatic yes. What Steve gets instead is a long pause that ends with a slow nod and a small smile, accompanied by an affectionate ruffle to his hair. “I’ll think about it.”

That’s good enough for now in Steve’s book, which like Bucky mentioned, seems to be metaphorically getting close to its happy ending. Steve isn’t king just yet, nor did the Serum do much to bring him closer to that, but the quest and all that came with it did change him. It gave him more than he could have ever guessed on that day when he first approached Bucky down at the river.

A scar. Some extra skills with a sword. A few lessons learned and some parts of him lost, but above all, someone to love. His friend, his partner, his companion— his soulmate, even. All things considered, the Serum pales in comparison to the other prizes he’s brought back. 

It also pales in comparison to how much of a prize Bucky makes him feel like for reasons other than his status as a prince. It’s not often before this that Steve has felt like something precious to anyone other than his Ma. Now, he is something precious, but more than that, he’s loved. He’s loved because he’s good enough, and because Bucky Barnes has believed in him from the start. 

He looks at Bucky with what he knows are stars in his eyes from more than just the reflection of his bed’s canopy cover, content to change the subject so long as Bucky keeps wearing that smile. He offers up a smile of his own and leans in to brush their noses together, Bucky’s hand squeezing at the back of his neck making him nuzzle in even closer for a kiss that only breaks once the both of them are breathless again. 

Bucky’s smile is even wider now. “So how much convincing would I have to do to get you to take a bath with me down at the river?”

