
    Chapter Text
    
  Siren of the Sea


  By HeadintheCloudsForever


  CHAPTER 1
THE Sunday morning in Ipswich began like any other. The morning was untreated with light with just a touch of autumnal chill as leaves from the trees that lined the edge of the kingdom's village that surrounded the castle rode the bitter breeze. Winter was coming, and fast. Spritzes of raindrops trickled, settling onto a young Prince's shadow raven black hair that was becoming more tousled as the wind picked up, and gathering as droplets onto his shoulders.The skies above his head were dull and grievous, with rolling black thunderclouds that were slowly turning purple, rumbling, and looming in the distance, promising a storm here soon.All of this, the Prince saw from the shoreline as he had taken a walk before the sun had crested over the horizon with the first touch of dawn's rays, as he did most of these nights when sleep would not come for him, and these days, there were many. His mind was plagued with thoughts of his upcoming wedding to Princess Vanessa, a woman of blue blood who hailed from a nearby neighboring kingdom.Eric furrowed his dark brows into a frown as he stared out at the shore, wishing that he were not to marry in a mere matter of days, and he knew that he could not conceal his disdain for the Princess forever, especially not from his counsellor, Grimsby, nor his handmaiden who'd once been his mother's, Carlotta. And then, his mind shoved aside thoughts of the vain Princess whom his heart harbored no love for and thought of the woman from his dreams.The siren with no name. His neck stung with heat at the phantasm image of her that his mind's eye created. When he saw her in his dreams in the ocean, her arms outstretched and lightly freckled alabaster skin so pearly white against the dark blue water of the ocean, how he wanted her there and then, to go to her, to wrap his arms around her and kiss her, to pour all he was within her as if this siren of the sea was the only woman left alive in the realm.Eric tiredly closed his eyes to ideate this mysterious beauty below him, her auburn red hair tousled in the stood silently watching her, this beautiful siren whose angelic face was so sullen it sent a chill down his spine that he knew had nothing to do with the cool breeze. Behind her, the sky grew dark with an encroaching storm. Her deep icy blue pleading eyes pierced the Prince's soul. Eric stretched out a trembling hand to touch her face.He tried with all her might, but the distance between the two of them only grew with each attempt.Suddenly, the young woman began to fade from view. She mouthed his name, but no sounds came out. As the woman's image vanished, Eric was alarmed to see her body slowly turning into seafoam. His eyes grew wide with wonder and awe as she vanished. Then, in the silence as the siren disappeared completely from view into the sea, and a gentle rain began to fall then.Prince Eric bolted from his daydreaming. His lungs, starved for breath, gasped in oxygen but it burned them with its purity. Drenched in sweat and his chest heaving for calm, he was alarmed to find slick tears streaming down his face. Eric blinked with disbelief at the clarity that filled his mind. Gods, help him. He could not marry Vanessa, because he was in love with this celestial-like creature, this siren of the sea. .Exhaling a shuddering groan, a scattered sigh escaped his barely cracked lips as he ran a hand through his black hair in anguish. He scowled heavily, brows furrowed into a frown and the edges of his mouth pinched down in a pained grimace.Eric's frown deepened as he made to turn away, but then something caught him, the sight on the strand.He wasn't sure what made him pause, stare, turn, and wait with bated breath. The young Prince supposed that he had always looked but he very rarely paid any attention.If he gazed too long at the grey-bearded waves that slapped against the fine brown grains of sand beneath his feet or exploded so violently against the rocks, there was a danger he would remember what the sea had taken from his: his parents, leaving him alone with just Grimsby and old Carlotta as his Heads of House for his parents' estate until he married and came of age at twenty-one here in a few more months.Most days, Eric tried not to look. Tried not to think. Tried not to feel anything, but this morning, he felt a disturbance in the air as the thunder rolled off in the distance. It was like feeling the breath of an invisible stranger on the back of his neck, that made the fine hairs there stand up on end and prickle in a sudden discomfort. His legs began to move forward as if by rote memory, strands of golden-brown kelp shrouding an elongated shape.For all the Prince knew, what he was looking at could be no more than a tangling of weeds or perhaps a dead seal, an old one whose whiskers had whitened and whose teeth had dulled, perhaps the aftermath of an orca's attack that had washed up onshore.Animals, unlike people, Prince Eric knew, knew better than to live too long, he thought bitterly to himself. As he stood several feet away in front of the pile looking down at the strange gathering of kelp, the young Prince felt…something.A dull knife twist in his gut of…what was this feeling? Not pain, no. Nor interest. But a sense of inevitability. Perhaps even destiny….His eyes widened as he realized what he was doing to himself, and Eric gritted his teeth and shook his head to himself in disgust.Even as the foolish thought flitted through his mind, his boots carried him the rest of the way as he finally closed off the gap of space between himself and the kelp pile on the beach.As he stood in front of it, he halted in his steps, his breaths catching in his throat. Stock still and afraid, like a deer caught in the sights of a loaded bow and arrow. Prince Eric had been afraid for a very long time, though his subjects and family in the castle, those who knew him the best would never have been able to guess that.To the small kingdom of Ipswich who specialized in deep-sea fishing and trading, the young Prince who ruled over the lands, and to outsiders who migrated to his kingdom during the summers, he was as solid and rugged and uncompromising as the sea cliffs which he tended to brood over.His people thought him strong and fearless, but Prince Eric had fooled them all. He was only twenty, but he felt ancient.Now, the Prince stood alone, and the fear flooded through his veins, igniting his blood as fire in his body, scorching him.And he did not understand why it was. Until Prince Eric saw something familiar within the heap of seaweed in front of him.A bone-white foot, pale and perfect.Oh, God. Oh, gods, what in the hell happened?Without giving himself time to think it over, the Prince plunged to his knees, the chill of the sodden sand seeping through his leather breeches, his hands trying to decide, without bothering to consult his brain, where to start.He hesitated, as awkward as a groom on his wedding night, about to part the veil that draped over the mystery of his bride.The strands of dark green and brown kelp were spongy and ice-cold to the touch. Clinging thick and stubborn to the body buried beneath the strands of kelp.Stop, he tried to scold himself, already anticipating and teeming with fear at what he would find. The horror of discovering his parents' bodies washed up on shore after all these years following a shipwreck, reared up inside him like an angry bull. Stop.He could stand up and turn his back this very moment, wend his way through the cobblestoned streets of the marketplace until he spotted Carlotta and Grimsby. Send them here to investigate this mess and leave him be.But his hands, still behaving like the eager and persistent hands of a bridegroom, kept digging and pulling the slimy shrouds of seaweed off, digging and pulling, his eyes fixated on the barefoot that he had uncovered first and foremost. The appendage was delicate. Cold as ice, the toenails looking to him like tiny seashells.The Prince drew in a sharp breath of cool air that pained his lungs and burned them. His hands kept working, the movements frantic, a fierce rhythm pumped by his own pounding heart. The sound of the blood roaring in his ears drowned out all sound.A slim cave was uncovered as he worked. No, scratch that. Skinny. Skinny and dotted with a light smattering of freckles, stark against the lifeless, greyish-tinged ivory skin. Prince Eric was swearing under his breath through gritted teeth.Fluent phrases that he would be scolded for saying by Grimsby and Carlotta for saying spat past a tightly clenched jaw. He used to talk to the gods, but these days, he swore to no one in particular since his parents' death.He knew he could not escape his past nor help thinking of what the sea had stolen from him, and of course, what the sea appeared to have gifted the surly prince today. A young woman, of course.That put the final twist of cruel irony on his life, that the sea would gift him a woman when he was to marry in days. He quickly moved upward, uncovered the face, and Prince Eric almost wished that he hadn't, for when he saw her, he knew why he felt so compelled to run away. It was the woman from his dreams.An angel, this lovely siren of the sea, a siren of the sea who'd died on the shores of the Ipswich beach this morning.Never mind that her halo was fashioned out of dark kelp and endless tangled strands of auburn red hair, and never mind the light constellation of freckles scattered across the bridge of her delicate and slender perfect little nose. This siren's face, this pale and perfect face with its beautiful, luscious lips, now stripped of pink and tinged with blue, was a face sculpted by every single artist in the kingdom, perhaps even the world, who had ever tried to turn marble into poetry. The face that was always was envisioned by hopeful dreamers who believed in the concept of miracles.But this celestial creature was dead, back in the realm of angels and goddesses where she rightfully belonged, where she never should have left in the first place.The Prince did not want to touch this woman, but his overeager hands did. His damned idiot nervous bridegroom's hands. His hands gingerly took the young woman by her shoulder and tugged gently, at the same time rolling the mast to which she was tied.She looked to have washed up with part of a ship, remnants of a shipwreck. He could see the woman fully now, head to toe.Rage charged and surged through him like a powerful thunderbolt. It was not enough that a beautiful innocent young woman's life had been so cruelly stripped away from her.This was the start, Prince Eric realized with a jolt as he unbound the ropes that she had tied herself to the mast with and gathered the young woman in his arms, letting her head loll back against the crook of his elbow, of a journey he had no desire to undertake. The corpse flopped forward like a child's rag doll. A cold hand clutched at Prince Eric's arm.He reared back, a startled cry of surprise and shock ripped from his lips, leaving her on the seeping brown stand, hardly daring to believe his eyes. She moaned and vomited up seawater. Prince Eric, a man of twenty who rarely smiled, suddenly grinned from ear to ear as he breathed out a relieved sigh."I'll be damned," he said, ripping off his woolen cloak and draping it over her form. She flinched away, violently so at his touch the moment his hands rested on her shoulder. Her ruined dress, a tangle about her body, ripped, shredded, and drenched, was sliding off one small shoulder to expose the bony clavicle underneath.Her breast heaved and rose and fell heavily in rapid succession, her breaths hitching in her throat. She looked up at him with those startlingly azure pale blue eyes cold as winter, a prisoner of her soaked clothes.He wanted to wrench his eyes away, as Prince Eric knew he had no right to see her in such a vulnerable, indecent state. He felt as though he were intruding upon something private he should not be witness to, but the trepidation he felt within himself returned to him in full force, and he was reminded once again of how forward this was for a prince like him.He knew nothing of this woman, this beautiful, mystical siren, where she came from, her name, if she had any family or friends who would be worried for her, and for him to touch her so forwardly like this when he was arranged to be married to Vanessa was highly inappropriate, and he knew that."You're alive," he breathed, hardly daring to believe that he had found his voice once he'd recovered from the initial shock of learning the woman was alive.He settled the woolen cloak tighter around her shoulders and picked her up in his arms. She did not speak, or perhaps she was not able to, but her sparkling blue eyes now glistening with stifled tears at the edges spoke volumes to him, as she silently tried to thank him with her eyes, before her head drooped forward quickly.She spoke not a word but began to shiver violently, uncontrollably. She felt like a large fish entangled in the throes of its imminent demise.The siren of the sea would surely perish from hypothermia, freezing to death, unless he could get her help, and it was all Eric could do to keep from dropping the woman in his arms.Yet, even as he bore his new burden through the cobblestoned and bustling streets of Ipswich, running faster than he had ever run in his life, he knew with a stone-cold dread seeping its way into the confines of his hardened heart with his walls up, that this day had brought him something new, something extraordinary, something endlessly fascinating and frightening, into his world.And like it or not, this woman, this siren that the sea had gifted him, was now a part of his world.
ARIEL had thought that death should have been much less painful. Then again, it seemed she was far from any sweet, glorious afterlife, she seemed caught in a churning tide. She felt as though the darkness were closing in around her, pulling her under its vicious tides.She had already fought so hard, a part of her wanted to let go, to fall back into the calming abyss of nothing as her mind and body begged for relief, she knew she could not give up.She would never give up. She wanted this opportunity so desperately, needed it.This was all she had now.Ariel had not visited the sea witch's lair intending to let herself be killed.Gods, no. She wondered why it was that her father's sister was not with her now, in this darkness. It would have been fitting.What better torture than spending an endless eternity with the witch for whom she had given up everything—her voice, her fins, for a chance to find the man's life whom she had saved moons ago.No. That was not quite the truth. She had given it all up. Her honor, her title, her responsibilities as a princess, her future, a chance for a happy life with her father and her sisters, all of it.Though her reasons had been pure of heart, Ariel had thrown away her old life, for the chance to earn the heart and affections of the man. She wallowed in her misery, alone in her eternal darkness, longing for the man.It was only the stranger's memory that would be of a comfort to her forever, and still, the princess counted herself fortunate. She would never need to give him up again, and she did not know his name, nor could she offer hers in any other way but writing if someone was to ask.So intently did she focus on the remembrance of him that she could almost conjure him. For the first few moments that her mind would allow, she could enjoy the image of him and pretend that none of this had ever happened.Then, she heard a voice, his voice, speaking to her."...To me...come back to me..."She picked his voice outNo. Ariel's mind groped for understanding. It could not be true. She wanted to shout and would have if she still possessed her voice.But if it was him, the man whose life she'd saved months ago, then what did this mean? Ariel battled with herself to open her eyes. The effort took all she had left within herself. It was almost as if something of an equal will were warring within him, trying to keep the princess lost and alone and spiraling into the darkness.She tried again as she felt herself being lifted into a pair of very strong arms. She had to try.She had to know what it all meant. At last, Ariel's eyes shot wide open. As if she emerged the victorious winner she waged with an unseen magical force. Their torture was met by the burning harrowing pain of the dim sunlight above her head, that it very nearly blinded the turned siren. Her hoarse throat cried out against it. She tried to raise her arms, to shield her precious vision with her hands, to no avail.Her body was still motionless despite her most valiant attempt to wriggle free from the man's arms that carried her. She cursed herself in wondering if this was what it meant like to have legs, if they did not work, then she should never have made this wretched deal with her aunt.The stranger's voice was smooth, rich, and melodious. The kind of voice she imagined that a mortal human man would have, Ariel thought to herself wildly. It was cold. Tendrils of ice swirled in her veins. Her heart that barely beat felt like a glacier. An abstract of grey colors clouded her vision, haunting and dreary. She heard him speaking to her again, more urgently.
  Breathe… come back…to me… 
The man's voice was ragged, a fire that ignited deep within her chest, the heat that flushed her from her core and washed her away like an explosion of human fireworks."That's it," the man's voice came through the gloom again. "Fight it. Come back," he cried from somewhere beyond the haze in her vision that Ariel could not see.She heard the man's voice again. That could only mean one thing, that she was not dead. That she was alive. That Ursula's magic had worked.The memories flooded back into her awareness. She had been shrouded in the dark chasm of the sea witch's lair, while her aunt had performed the spell that had stolen her voice from her and her fins and turned her human.The pain and terror as the metamorphosis occurred had overtaken her mind until she was moving on instinct and swimming as best as she could to reach the surface before her lungs filled with the saltwater.As she'd swum, clinging onto remnants of a shipwreck, recent and still settling to the bottom of the ocean, she could see visions of her sweet sisters' faces, their thin eyebrows creased with worry, their tears falling uncontrollably when she had informed them of her deal with Ursula.They had wanted her to stay.Her sisters had begged her not to go, for the sake of their father and his ailing health.Oh, Gods! Oh, Gods! Ariel's mind screamed at her. She had left her sisters, her father, and all for a human man who might not even want her when she found him. What had she done to herself? Her heart sank lower than the dark watery depths from which she'd surfaced.Exhausted, she could fight to stay awake no more. She knew she must be alive, but without her voice, she did not wish to be.She had given up perhaps the greatest thing she had ever known, the love of her family, for a man whom she knew she harbored little hope of winning his heart without her voice.There was no purpose for a siren of the sea here on land in this foreign place. She let herself go.She wanted to fall back into the depths of the Atlantic Ocean. As it surged towards her again, this all-encompassing void in which she hoped to cease to exist, this churning tide, she hoped it would engulf her, and she would transform into sea foam as all merfolk did when they passed away, and she would cease to exist. If she was alive, it meant nothing without her father and her sisters' love, of which she would surely never have again, with how she had betrayed them all.Ariel relaxed into the void. She prayed that it would end her sorrow. She wanted no more of it. At least, she was aware enough to realize that her aunt would not get what she wanted when the deal fell through. If she died, her voice went with her.Her dream had been shattered in the cruelest of ways. The princess was broken and in this world, utterly alone.There was only one dream left in her, somehow still alive and well. She dreamt of the man whose life she had saved from drowning months ago, of seeing him again, to see him smile at her.Her aunt had set it out to her like she had a choice, like everything had been up to her, when the choice was always Ursula's, from the moment Ariel had announced her presence in her aunt's home, the remnants of a sunken shipwreck. Ursula had said that Ariel could swim away from her home at any given moment and leave, to go back to her grotto.But when she had protested, she had coated it with bittersweet words of power, of taking her life and destiny into her own hands and not letting Father dictate her life and who she would marry.Ursula had said that she cared for her youngest niece, that she would have never done anything that could hurt her.That had been the moment Ursula had lost Ariel, the moment her voice was stripped away, leaving her throat hollowing and burning for sweet relief. She had lied to her, tricked her into a false sense of security, telling her that she had exactly one month to win her prince's heart before her soul, her essence was hers.There was no mourning in her heart for her father's only sister.She had cost her far too dearly. Ariel had given up everything she had ever loved and her life that she was familiar with, and it was now all for nothing, she was sure of that much.All she wished, for now, was to spend eternity with the memory of the one whose life she had saved, for this man would surely never love her, not in the way that she had hoped for when she had gone to her aunt in a moment of pure desperation, unable to think of anyone else but thoughts of seeing him.And her father and sisters would surely never forgive her for abandoning them. Never again would Father and her sisters would look upon her with the same tenderness and love they once had.That thought was more than she could bear.As precious sleep found Ariel once more, under the watchful and vigilant eye of Prince Eric, she let out a disdainful sigh, and the last thing she felt before she succumbed to the darkness was a horrible wave of debilitating shame. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 2
A horrible wave of panic flooded over the stricken Prince in huge, nauseating waves until he thought he might vomit as bile crept in the back of his throat. Why him and why bloody now? He held this beautiful woman's life in his hands yet saving this mysterious stranger who had washed up on shore was admittedly the last thing he was prepared to do. At the same time, he knew he must rescue the woman from his dreams. As Prince of these lands, he had dedicated his life to watching over his kingdom and her subjects, and that included helping them where applicable.He had no choice available to him. No choice whatsoever.He ran swiftly through the cobblestoned streets of the marketplace, ignoring the several flustered looks from several passersby as he jostled elbows, all while trying to remain polite.The deadweight of the young woman in his arms dragged at Eric. He breathed a heavy sigh of relief as the front of his family's ancestral home came into view. Four round and thin towers pierced the sky, each of them in a competition to see which could reach the heavens first, and were connected by fortified, thick walls made of basalt. Elegant windows were scattered generously around the walls in fairly symmetrical patterns, along with small holes for the archers and artillery.A vast gate with hefty wooden doors, a drawbridge, and strong defenses guarded the Prince and the castle's other inhabitants, but it was not the only way in.If someone was adamant about intruding into his home, they need only scale the cliffside. His feet moved by rote memory and he was not even aware that he took the steps of the grand staircase that would take him towards Carlotta's chambers two at a time, pounding across the corridor and shoving the wide oak door to his personal nursemaid's chambers open with his shoulders, a low grunt escaping the Prince's barely cracked lips. His nervous eyes made a quick scan of the interior of the simple bedroom. His nursemaid was nowhere to be found.Plunging himself into the quiet dimness of her room, he brought the young woman gingerly towards Carlotta's bed.The bed, thank the gods, had been made, at least, though the bed's ticking was worn and yellowed. Furrowing his brows into a slight frown, Eric briefly thought for a moment a beautiful woman plucked from the sea such as this one deserved the finest goose feather down mattress that his wealth could offer her, the blankets the finest imported silks, but for now, Carlotta's bed would have to do. He could not take her into his room. He plundered a tall chest of drawers at the base of the nursemaid's bed, finding a few old patchwork quilts and a scratchy-looking green woolen blanket that had seen better days. He covered the woman. She did not so much as stir or even make a noise. He tried to get her to drink something—water—a drop of ale, even—but the liquid merely trickled over the sides of her mouth and down the pale column of the woman's throat. She was out cold and would likely not wake up anytime soon.She might not wake up at all if you can't find a doctor for her, his mind piped up unhelpfully, almost cackling, chiming a warning bell at the back of his mind, reminding him that seeing to her needs was more important than allowing his emotions to get the better of him. His jaw cut like steel as his determination surged, he spared the young woman one last fleeting glance over his shoulder before darting out into the corridor in the hopes of finding either Carlotta or Grimsby. Cursing himself as he gnashed his teeth together, he did not spot either one of them, though he did spot a young maid who looked to be close to this woman's age, perhaps a few years older, short, petite, with golden blonde hair that fell in wisps and stray strands to her chin.Molly, her name is Molly, the Prince reminded himself."Molly, come here, please," Eric heard himself command in a clipped and curt tone that immediately made him flinch. He did not sound like himself at all at the moment, though he knew it was his worry manifesting itself into the anger he felt at finding the woman so close to the brink of death on the beach just now. The young maid nearly choked on her next breath, and she almost fumbled the heavily laden tea tray that she had been carrying holding a steaming mug of tea and a plate of a few assorted biscuits. No doubt intended to be delivered to Grimsby, the Prince thought bitterly.His Head of House kept a rigid routine like clockwork, every single day without fail. Breakfast at eight, lunch at noon, midafternoon tea around three, and dinner at eight, and gods help you all if his routine was ever disrupted in any way whatsoever. The young maid gaped as she immediately set the tray down onto a small wooden table pushed up against the wall, next to a blue clay vase of flowers, and stared at the handsome Prince of these lands.It was clear that young Molly was shocked at having come face-to-face with the Prince himself. Her wide forest-green eyes darted around, looking at everywhere, but at him. A flicker of emotions passed through those light green orbs, from astonishment to being utterly terrified, as she nervously stared up at the ragged-looking Prince who'd seen better days."Fetch either one of the Heads of Household, please, Carlotta or Grimsby, at once," Eric barked, trying to sound more authoritative at the moment than he felt. The maid stammered for a moment, looking utterly flabbergasted and beside herself at being addressed, unable to do so much as take a single step forward and ask her Prince what was wrong."Quickly!" the Prince urged, as a surge of impatience ignited within his chest. The young woman was brought back to herself by the Prince's tone, which was clipped and curt and angry.The girl did not need to be told twice. She mumbled a half-hearted apology under her breath as her pale cheeks turned bright red with shame and she gathered the skirts of her simple dress into a brief curtsy out of respect and showing the proper reverence to her ruler. She bolted down the hallway and was running down the grand staircase before Eric could even turn on the heels of his boots and reach the door of Carlotta's quarters upon his quick return.Eric exhaled slowly and let out the shuddering breath as he braced himself for the daunting task ahead, he returned to the young woman's side. He had to get her wet dress off of her or she would likely freeze to death by catching a chill. But to do that, to save her, it meant that he would have to touch her.Gingerly, he lifted the layer of blankets he had swaddled her ice-cold form up in the hopes of providing some warmth and getting the blood flow back into her veins. His left hand shook a little as he brushed aside a sodden lock of her fiery auburn hair and found the top button of her dress and gaped at it. The act of disrobing a young woman was utterly unfamiliar to the twenty-year-old Prince. It felt to him as if he were that nervous flustered bridegroom.His jaw clenched as he bravely undid the top two buttons. The young woman continued to lay unconscious on the bed, oblivious to the clumsy manipulations of the flustered and vexed Prince Eric, as he peeled off one sleeve of her dress, then the other, rolling the sodden garment over her arms and legs, where he let it drop in a soaking ungainly heap to the stone floor at his boots. Beneath it, she wore nothing, and the only thing the Prince could seem to focus on was the young woman's breasts. Keeping his teeth tightly clenched, Eric squeezed his eyes shut for a moment and willed the image of her perfect breasts away from his mind. He forced himself to honor the woman's modesty and to cover her.Yet, as he draped more blankets over her violently shivering form, even in her state of unconsciousness, he did not need the use of his eyes to detect her graceful curves in all of the right places, the smooth texture of her alabaster skin so creamy and white, she appeared to be cut from the finest of pearls plucked from an oyster. Eric let out a hiss through gritted teeth as his hand grazed along the surface of her arms. Her skin was dangerously cold. Icy, even.The situation was not looking good at all.In Eric's mounting panic and blind haste, he tore off the woman's dress as he finished dragging it down the length of her frigid cold body. He added it ungracefully to the pile on the floor, tucking the blankets more securely around her, and shakily rose to his feet. The poor Prince was shaking from head to foot.He glanced worriedly with furrowed brows towards Carlotta's bed's occupant. She lay unmoving and lifeless as a corpse beneath the blankets and quilts. Her face was pale and serene, though tinged with a sickly greyish hue that Eric knew immediately he did not like and spelled trouble. She held one perfect hand tucked beneath her chin.Her delicate eyelids fluttered in sleep, which was the only indication she was still alive. He could not even detect the rising and falling of her breast at all, and not once had she opened her eyes since. He caught himself wondering what color they were, now that he was up close and personal to the woman from his dreams like this. If they were as icy blue as he remembered from the visions in his mind conjured, or if they were another color altogether."Who are you?" he whispered, his voice harsh. "Just—just who the hells are you?"This siren of the sea, whoever she was, was the Sleeping Beauty princess from the fairytales.Her bed should have been a sunlight arbor entwined with red roses, not a crude bed with a sagging yellowed mattress. Eric gnashed his teeth and forced himself to turn away from the woman that he had rescued.It physically hurt him to look at her, causing a strange seeping pressure to build in his chest, and it hurt him, her beauty almost blinding him, the same way it would hurt to look directly into the sun on a warm summer's day.Eric was sure it would be better for everyone if she were simply whisked away from the castle while she was still unconscious, never knowing that he had plucked her from the ocean.Yet, despite his engagement to Princess Vanessa, vain though she was and an obligation to his kingdom that he had with this marriage that was nothing more than a political stance set forth by Grimsby, he wanted nothing more than to sink to his knees by the woman's bedside. He fought against the instinctual urge to grab the poor girl by the hands or shoulders, and plead with the woman of his dreams to live, live, gods damn it. Eric opened his eyes and restlessly began to pace an agitated line, back and forth he went, wondering what in the bloody hell was keeping Molly from bringing Carlotta.Trying desperately to shove aside a jolt of urgency that racked his muscular frame, Eric observed Carlotta's room keenly through new eyes, trying to see it as this stranger would when she woke and he hoped she would like it. Sturdy furniture made of old pinewood, hand-hewn. A plain grandfather clock was shoved up against the furthest wall, its long pendulum measuring the passing of time with unrelenting reliability. The shutters of Carlotta's window were open to the morning, allowing a faint breeze to waft in through the room that carried the heavy scent of rainfall, coupled with the salt air from the sea and a mixture of roasted meats from the marketplace the commoners used to disguise the smell of salt in the air.The longest wall in Carlotta's bedroom was lined with a bookshelf, its shelves containing no books but an assortment of various cleaning and medical supplies, as well as a few knick-knacks and trinkets the aging old Head of House had picked up in the marketplace through the years. He frowned as he could not understand why Carlotta had never tethered a liking to reading. Eric read constantly, voraciously, escaping into magical other-worlds of make-believe.In the early years, when his parents' deaths were still fresh in his mind, he'd clung to his books like a lifeline. The voices of the fictional characters in the stories he read as a boy had managed to block out the howling of emptiness and loneliness that screamed in his mind and had threatened to consume him. The books had kept him from going insane.Eric very nearly growled with the effort to restrain himself from lashing out at something in anger as his mounting impatience drove him out into the hallway to shout for another passing servant to fetch Carlotta.But there was no need for him to take so much as one step forward, he realized. He could hear Carlotta and Grimsby coming, followed by the soft susurrations of the maid Molly's voice. Their voices had taken on a hushed quality in the deserted corridor of the servants' quarters of his castle. Grimsby and Carlotta were conversing to one another in their native Danish, talking rather animatedly, like old friends who had just met after a long separation, though with Grimsby and Carlotta, there was no need for his two Heads of House to pretend that they were close friends.To this day, having known both of his Heads of Household since he was a young boy, it never ceased to amaze the Prince in the various ways Grimsby and Carlotta found constant delight in one another, even after some thirty-odd years of marriage, though they maintained a professional air of detachment when not behind closed doors.They had one grown son, Kasper, who was a simple man, but beloved by both his parents. Strong as a young ox, Kasper spent his days working in contented silence around the castle, maintaining the grounds and cleaning the boathouse.Grimsby and Carlotta Hougaard appeared around the bend in the hallway, quickening their paces the moment they laid eyes on their master, with young Molly trailing behind at their heels, looking flustered and carrying a wooden basin.The morning sun, thanks to the gods, were kind to Grimsby and Carlotta's aging faces, giving them a soft glow as they smiled, lifting their hands in greeting to the Prince, and hurried towards them, though their smiles faltered as soon as the older couple took note of the worry on Eric's features.Grimsby Hougaard had that look about him, tall, lanky, though stature wise, he looked like one good puff of strong wind would blow him over, he still had the look of a life that was well-lived, with his eyes so heavily lidded and weighed down with wrinkled folds that it was almost like talking to someone asleep, yet Grimsby was always quite alert.The map of wrinkles on his face told of the most wonderful journey. His eye lines told of laughter, of warm smiles, and affection. His forehead told of worries past and present, and his thick tuft of pristinely combed and slicked back white hair told of how he prided himself on maintaining his appearance.Beside her adored and adoring husband, Carlotta Hougaard was something of an elephantine, large woman and yet she was as gentle as a moth. She was burly, with somewhat of a bulbous nose and rosy cheeks, black coarse hair that was always pulled back into a messy sort of bun when not tucked underneath a scarf. Carlotta had bright eyes and prominent teeth, and in her kindly face, there was an unexpected depth in the simple aging maid that hinted as a keen quiet intelligence that did not come from books, but rather, of life experience, and a rather vivid, overactive imagination.Grimsby peered over the Prince's shoulder and into his wife's chambers, his face draining of color, rendering his normally sun-kissed complexion ashen."Åh gud, what in the devil happened?" he murmured under his breath, quietly."She washed up on the beach from a shipwreck, Grims," Eric explained softly.Feeling more than inexplicably awkward, Eric was suddenly reminded of his birthday a few months ago, when Grimsby had presented him with a statue of his likeness for his birthday, a gift he did not want.What was one supposed to say? Thank you. But he was not thankful, not in that way, and not for this gift."Sh—she's still alive, she was unconscious when I carried her in here, I...I don't know her name," Eric stammered clumsily, his voice now holding a slight stutter from nervousness as the four of them filed into Carlotta's cramped room.The maid, Molly, and Carlotta were already bending over the auburn-haired creature still unconscious on her bed, with Molly checking the young woman's pulse and feeling her arms and forehead for any signs of moisture or fever at all. Carlotta was clucking her tongue, sounding like a hen fussing over a chick as the older woman shook her head.Eric dared to move a fraction of an inch closer, wanting to get a closer look at the young woman. "She is alive, Carlotta...isn't she?" he asked, worried, as he chewed on the wall of his mouth and wrung his hands together nervously.Carlotta nodded earnestly. "Yes, yes, Your Highness, the girl is alive. Alive, but nearly frozen. Molly, if you wouldn't mind please starting a fire in the hearth?" she asked the blonde maid over her shoulder, to which Molly nodded and set about her work. "Ah, good, Eric, you've gotten the poor dear out of her wet things."There was no censure in his Head of House's voice, she was just as familiar as he was with warming chilled victims who'd spent far too long a time in the depths of the cold ocean waters.As she tended the fire, young Molly, who could not have been a day older than eighteen or nineteen, close to the girl's age from the looks of her, she could not help but add a comment of her own as she knelt into a crouch by the fireplace, stoking the flames good and high. "She needs dry clothes, quickly, or she'll likely freeze to death, sire," she said grimly. Molly straightened her gait once the fire was crackling and roaring to life, sending its warmth and light throughout the room, though the flames looked like they struggled to reach the unconscious young woman resting on Carlotta's bed.Carlotta nodded her agreement."Be a dear, Molly, won't you and fetch her something from your room to wear, Luv. She looks to be around your size, dear," she added almost as an afterthought, as Carlotta stole a glance at the fair-skinned auburn beauty with a trained eye.Molly hastily dipped her head in acknowledgment and fled the premises with the promise she would be back with clothes.Once Molly was gone, Carlotta perched herself onto the edge of the mattress with a pained groan, wincing at the arthritic stiffness in her joints as she was feeling her age this morning. She proceeded to take one of the woman's hands and gently cradle it between her own, rubbing it delicately in the hopes of getting some blood flowing again into her ice-cold flesh."Aye, what a blessed, blessed day this is, Your Highness. Never have I known the gods of the sea to give a man such a gift."The Prince felt a sudden shift within himself as a dark and ugly mood threatened to overtake him upon hearing his nurse's words. A gift? Foolishness. The superstition of the peasants at its finest.Eric furrowed his brows into a heavy scowl as the edges of his mouth pinched downward. He huffed in indignation and folded his arms across his muscular chest."I would hardly call an unconscious woman a gift, Lottie," Eric murmured darkly under his breath, a flicker of anger darting through his bright blue eyes.But Carlotta did not seem to be heeding her master's words, as Grimsby's wife was already bent over her bed, plumping the pillows behind the woman's head and readjusting the young woman's blankets so she was swaddled in them good and tight, and continuing that damned incessant habit of clucking like a hen, always clucking, and she always would.From behind him, Grimsby stepped forward, clasping his long and slender fingers together in front of his middle, all the while toying with a large ruby ring he wore on one of the fingers of his right hand, their family's coat of arms displayed on the ring if you looked close."With plenty of attention and care, it appears that she will make a full recovery, as she is still alive, thanks to your efforts, and does not appear to be suffering from any injuries. However, I shall call for the physician to examine her at his earliest convenience," Grimsby announced in a crisp, professional tone that never failed to give the Prince's Head of House a business-first nature about him whenever he spoke. "Now as to the matter of ensuring the young woman gets home—"
  "Her new home is here," Carlotta immediately cut in before her husband could finish, causing Grimsby's face to turn mottled and red in ire.
"Carlotta, what you suggest is utterly preposterous. She cannot stay here—""Of course, she is, Grimsby. Where else would you have us house her?" she said."We must be practical," Grimsby stammered, clearly growing more flustered and agitated as his resolve crumbled as his wife's gaze hardened. "The—what you are suggesting oversteps the master's boundaries. She could not possibly take over for you—we know nothing of this young woman. We don't know if she has the appropriate references needed to maintain employment here in the estate, Carlotta, she has no background that I know of for me to adequately look into her familial history to know if this young lass can be trusted in the master's company, you are overstepping your place, Carlotta," he hastily tried to explain, glancing sideways out of the corner of his eye, hoping for Prince Eric's help."Codswallop, Grimsby, and you and I both know it. The girl's trapped here, for all we know, she's the only survivor of the wreck she washed ashore from, dear. She likely has nowhere else to go, so why not here? If not here, then where?""The inns up the road surely have a vacancy, a room that could be rented out until other arrangements can be made, her family contacted—" Grimsby spluttered, to which his wife held up a pudgy hand immediately to cut him off mid-flow.Carlotta's scowl only deepened at Grimsby's protesting. "They don't, dear, I passed them by this morning while talking to Old Man Mansart about the bad apples that he attempted to sell Molly just last week for the third time when I sent her out on Louis's behalf last Tuesday," Carlotta snapped, her tone sounding haughty. "The best place for her is right here, where she can heal and grow strong in the care of the man who found her. The man for whom this gift was intended."Eric forced out a dry bark of laughter through a mouth that had suddenly gone bone dry, his tongue rendered thick and heavy and useless in his mouth as he licked his lips to try to moisten them, all the while keeping his arms folded across his broad chest as he glared at Carlotta."She cannot stay, Lottie. The Princess, Carlotta, what of Vanessa, what would she think of this arrangement if she were to learn that she is mine?" he said softly as panic flared to life inside of Eric. But he could tell with just one look into his nurse's eyes, the old woman was serious.She expected him to keep this stranger, this celestial-like creature who had haunted his dreams for the better part of a month, going on two, inside the castle and close to him as his handmaiden to take over for Carlotta in her old age as she wished to retire soon.Not just keep her, but tend to her every need, nurture the girl, and heal her. And all the while having to explain this arrangement to the princess he was to wed.Oh, yes, that would go over just swimmingly, he could picture it already in his mind, exactly what she would say."I...I hate to agree with Grimsby, for once, Lottie, but I don't think is a good idea, Carlotta." He tried to keep the edge out of his voice as he spoke, though even he was able to detect the faint warbling note of fear coupled with something else in his voice that was creeping its way to the surface as his gaze lingered on the woman. But was it desire? Fear? Both?It was hard for him to tell. He swallowed down hard past a lump in his throat.Though he found the creature lying unconscious in Carlotta's bed to be easily the most stunning and beautiful thing he had ever had the pleasure of laying eyes on, and a selfish part of him wished he could keep her by his side, he was a man of honor, and honor dictated that he do the right thing by his bride.He barely managed to restrain the groan that gathered in the back of his throat, begging for release, at the thought of how insufferable Vanessa would be if she learned of this unorthodox arrangement.But again, that nagging feeling stirred within the Prince, taunting his mind until he thought of nothing else but her.This feeling was utterly new to the Prince, but they still held a familiar sense to them, like a distant fond memory.However, perhaps it was because he was engaged, that something within Eric fought against this idea of Carlotta's, that like it or not was beginning to take root in his mind and spreading like a plague. This feeling was light and breathless, seeping as a strange pressure in his chest. He did not understand it at first, but the longer he looked at the auburn-haired beauty in the bed, Eric came to understand that what he felt when he was around her was a good thing.Something that he wanted again, despite the impropriety of his aging old nursemaid's truly radical suggestion.Eric squeezed his eyes shut and forced the words from his throat, though his tongue attempted to send the bitterly spat words away with a rough and painful swallow, he knew he had to get it out, however, as he spoke, a horrible abrupt bitterness settled deep within the pit of his now-churning stomach, and he secretly hated Princess Vanessa, for knowing without her even having to be present in the room alongside her how she would react to this woman in his life.Vanessa would more than likely be jealous, if not hostile towards this woman, as beautiful as she was, and secretly, in Eric's mind, the woman whose life he had saved this morning was a far sight more beautiful than the Princess was, though the gods could only save him if Vanessa ever learned of that little lovely fact. He scowled as he thought of her jealousy and sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger, already getting a headache just imagining it."She cannot stay as my handmaiden, Carlotta. Her presence in my life would likely cause strife with the Princess, and I cannot allow that so close to our wedding night, Lottie," he stammered, though as he spoke, the words sounded hollow. "If we cannot make other arrangements for her, then I will take her into town and find lodgings for her there."Carlotta scowled heavily at hearing the Prince's words and exchanged a dark, knowing glance with Grimsby, who suddenly looked uncomfortable and squirmed.The old Head of House awkwardly shifted his weight from one foot to the other and fidgeted restlessly with his fingers, constantly weaving the bony digits in between his knuckles as the couple spoke in Danish back and forth. Carlotta nodded wisely and touched at the neat handkerchief she wore strapped around her apron pocket and looked up at Eric.Carlotta was the first to speak in English, her stern expression rigid."Moving the poor dear now would be a terrible risk after the shock she has suffered, Your Highness," she stated."But I don't—" Eric growled lowly under his breath to himself, clamping his mouth shut until his molars clacked and his jaws began to ache as he ground his teeth in frustration. He did not know why, of all the problems that had landed within his lap as the kingdom's ruler within the last few months, this one was the most troublesome. He pinched the bridge of his nose hard as if doing so would allow him to squeeze out a simple solution to a rather complex problem.He heaved a haggard-sounding sigh and felt his shoulders slump in disappointment and defeat.If there was a chance that Carlotta was right, and about these sorts of things, she usually was, and something terrible did befall the woman as a result of moving her, he would feel responsible for what happened. Always.The edges of Carlotta's thin lips twitched, as though the aging woman were fighting back a smile as she could sense by the shift in her young master's countenance that the hardened walls of stone the poor man had built around his heart since his parents' deaths all those years ago were slowly crumbling, his concern and worry for the woman whose life he had saved this morning steadily chipping away at his inner resolve.Sensing he needed a slight push, Carlotta took that as her cue to continue and was in a mood to convince Eric."You and I both know that this is the way. It is the laws of the sea, young master," she said, running her hand through her dark hair that was beginning to streak grey at the sides of her temples before tucking a stray lock that had fallen loose back into her scarf where it went. "The gods have given this girl to you."Carlotta heaved herself off the edge of the mattress once she was satisfied the young woman would remain unconscious for perhaps the next several hours but did not appear to be in any immediate danger and strode across the room to stand alongside her husband. As she nudged Grimsby aside to move to stand near the doorway to leave to fetch the physician to see what could be done for the young woman pulled from the depths of the sea as it pertained to her care, she absently reached up and tugged at a thread that was coming undone and would need darning on the sleeve of his jerkin.Yet, her gaze was unabashed and unwavering as it never left Eric's, and the Prince once again thought he caught a glimmer of faith, however ancient and obstinate it might be, in the depths of the aging Head of Household's eyes.Faith. Something he had once believed in, but these days, he believed in nothing."I don't believe in the old sea legends, Carlotta," he sighed tiredly in frustration. "Not these days. Not anymore." He made to turn away, though Carlotta's voice as she interjected and refused to let the Prince have the last word gave Eric pause."Your Highness, please forgive my candor, dear boy, but it does not matter what you believe. It is still true, and the fact of the matter remains, the sea has seen fit to give you this girl as a gift." Carlotta set her hands on her hips, her gaze flicking from her master to the girl on the bed. "There are things that come to us mere mortals from beyond eternity, things we have no right to question. Her, this girl?" she added with a curt jerk of her head towards her bed. "This is one of them."Eric barely resisted the urge to stop his foot in frustration, knowing that if he did so, he would surely look like a petulant child to the two people in his life that he trusted the very most, who had done their best to raise him right following the king and queen's untimely deaths. Every aching fiber that made up Prince Eric leaped and tensed in painful denial.He could not—would not—accept this stranger into his life as his personal handmaiden and let her be a part of his world. What would Vanessa think then?"She—she can't stay, Carlotta, Grims." Fear had turned his normally quiet and mild-mannered voice into an uncharacteristically cold whiplash of anger at the way that this decision had ultimately been taken away from him. "I cannot give this woman anything. I cannot give her hope or—or healing. There is nothing for her here in this castle, whatever you think she might find by remaining here in my employment, Carlotta, you are making a grave mistake. She'd stand a better chance in hell than to stay here with…me." The words were ripped from his lips before Eric even realized what he was saying, and it was already much too late to take back his words, for he saw both Grimsby and Carlotta flinch away in antagonizing hurt and surprised at the barbed tone of their master's soft voice.They stemmed from the poisoned darkness inside him, and they rang with undeniable truth, loud, for all to hear.Grimsby and Carlotta shuffled towards the open door of her chambers, much to Eric's mounting panic with himselfAs they walked slowly and stood to linger in the doorframe of the door, the couple exchanged a glance and some knowing words in Danish, words that he could not interpret and he'd always hated when they spoke in their native tongue around him, knowing fully bloody well he could not understand a single word. Then, after a moment, Carlotta cocked her head to the side and eyed the Prince with an odd expression that he at first was not sure what to make of."You will do what you must for the sake of this young woman, Your Majesty." Her dark eyes glinted and sharpened with insight. "We cannot allow you to turn her away. The castle is well-populated with young ladies, many of them bright and intelligent. Like our Molly," she chirped brightly, an affectionate smile snaking its way onto her face as she thought of the young blonde maiden who had been employed with the castle for ten years. "Your princess will simply have to become adjusted to the fact that you will be expected from time to time to share in the company of other young women, women, who, I might add, will not all be interested in you for your looks and your wealth, sire. It is simply a fact of life. You cannot be expected to rule this kingdom without interacting with other young women close to your age, dear." Her words were blunt, though her expression softened as she looked at Eric, who all but squirmed under the intensity of his nurse's fierce gaze. "Twelve years ago, dear, the sea took everything from you that you held most dear and loved the very most, sire." Her words dropped heavily into the thick, uncomfortable silence now in the room. "Now, perhaps, it has given something back," was all Carlotta said to Eric with a firm and unwavering expression, almost distant and content.Carlotta gave Grimsby an affectionate pat on the arm as she intertwined her hand around his bicep and without a word, the couple left her private chambers to see about fetching the physician on staff to tend to the girl.Eric stiffened, gnashing his teeth, and seething in silent fury. He did not doubt in his mind that old Carlotta was well aware of what she had just done to him. She had breached the bounds of their association. In twelve years—no one—no one had dared to speak of him of what had happened to his parents.That was the way that the Prince had coped—by not speaking of the tragic event that lived with him through each breath as he inhaled. He stalked out into the hallway."Get back here, Carlotta, damn you!" he yelled across the corridor, causing a few maids who were passing by carrying fresh bed linens to give him flustered and fearful looks, having never seen their quiet and mild-mannered Prince in such a vexed and agitated state as he was now.He had never once yelled at his two Heads of House, never sworn at them.But Carlotta's stubborn refusal to help him was quickly setting off his temper."Get the hell back here and help me, Carlotta, with this—with this—this—"Carlotta turned on her heels just as the couple reached the staircase and frowned."Woman is the word you want, Your Highness. A woman whose life you saved, and who is now yours. Treat her well."And without another word, she turned on her heels and swiftly descended the stairs, leaving the flustered young Prince lingering outside of her room in the hall, unable to call for her in defeat. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 3
DARKNESS was the first thing that she was made aware of. The rasping of her breathing, which sounded rattly at first. Images and flashes of things that had come before. Ursula's face when she had agreed to the terms of her aunt's deal, seeing the face of the stranger, the very man whose life she had saved moons ago, the feel of his strong arms around her, at least, she hoped that it was him who had picked her up so gently…It was the thought of the man's face that brought Ariel to full wakefulness. Beneath her, the bed she lay on was surprisingly soft, unlike anything she had ever felt before, a truly welcome luxury. Visions of her aunt's smiling face gleamed at her in the confines of her mind as her eyes slowly adjusted to the dim light of whatever room she was in.She felt her aunt's magic coursing through her veins, the heat from the spell tearing through her lower half, burning her insides, changing her. The scream involuntarily left her mouth, but no sound came out, as she had no voice anymore, and she jolted upright, desperate to escape from the horrors of the recent memory of her.Shuddering and gritting her teeth from the memory, willing her mind to send the horrific images and phantom sensations in her new human body away, Ariel blinked slowly until she thought she could make out vague, dark shapes that held some familiarity in the room that she now found herself in, wherever this happened to be for her right now.The small square of a window with the shutters drawn. A washbasin and an old sea chest that instantly tugged at her heartstrings as she thought of Father. Father had a similar one that Mother had bequeathed him once before her death, that she had brought to her king following a shipwreck that settled within a few miles of Atlantica. Forcing herself to tear her eyes away from the chest as she felt her eyes well with tears, not wanting to think of the mermaid who had given her and her sisters' life, who had been so cruelly ripped from her at a young age by a pair of human fishermen, she took in the rest of her surroundings to prevent her mind from dwelling too much on her mother with a sense of awe.There was a tall piece of some sort of furniture. It looked to be a wardrobe, of sorts, from what Ariel could ascertain. A strong but pleasant smell hung in the air. She did not know what it was, but it was delectable enough to make her mouth water and her stomach churn, reminding the newly-turned mermaid that she had not eaten since yesterday.A jolt passed through her belly, causing her eyes to widen in alarm as she realized what she felt as she looked around.Safe. She felt…safe here.Ariel had no idea where 'here' was for her, but she sensed that something vital in the atmosphere was protecting her and insulating her from any like her aunt who would seek to do her harm. She could not explain it, but the wave of relief that washed over her body at that moment was almost enough to overwhelm the young siren.Safe at last. Anywhere felt safe compared to her aunt's home that she had fled after realizing the depths of her grave mistake, how she had not carefully through her aunt's bargain to become human in exchange for her beloved voice.As soon as the thought flitted across Ariel's mind, she ducked and hid from it.She wasn't ready to think about Ursula yet. Or she had exactly one month on land to win the man's heart and if she didn't, she would become Ursula's forever, though she would rather die first before she would ever let that happen.She must not think of it. Perhaps there was a way for her never to think about her aunt again. Her hand awkwardly traced the line of her throat and she grimaced at how badly her throat burned. No. She scowled.There was no chance of her ever forgetting her aunt. Ursula had made sure of that. Not with her voice gone and her communication limited to writing and hand gestures. She wanted to call out for something to learn if she wasn't alone in this bedroom but couldn't and had to settle for looking around and doing the only thing she could. She waved shyly.There was no answer or wave given back. Just a low constant sound in the distance that sounded like people moving about outside. Gingerly, Ariel lifted the covers, wincing at a horrible pain in her shoulder.She was wearing a chemise of some fine stuff, a silk ivy shift of sorts, and there was a long robe draped over the back of a wooden chair near a writing desk that was shoved against the wall that she could only presume was left out for her.Without thinking, she slipped it on and tied it about her waist.Groping at the wall with her hands and forced to feel her way through the room that way, Ariel slowly moved along the wall towards the door at a tortoise's pace, which was slightly ajar, allowing a faint crack of amber light to stream through.Ariel flinched as a splinter of rough wood pierced her hand, but the woman barely flinched. After all that she had been through within the last two nights alone, a splinter was hardly any cause for notice, much less concern.The turned siren paid no attention to the warm trickling of blood as the liquid trickled down the skin of her palm and dripped onto the hardwood floor. She was surprised to find that in contrast to the door, the floor beneath her bare feet was frigid cold, and nearly made her hiss, but worn smooth, as if by years of pacing about.King Triton's youngest daughter at eighteen paused, trying to get her bearings.After a moment, her eyes softened in recognition. It was the sea that she was hearing, the familiar throaty basso call of the waves along the shore. It was a good, strong sound to her ears, though she could not help but feel wracked with a wave of guilt. She wondered if Father had sent out scouts to look for her yet, or if any of her sisters had told Father of her intentions.Despite her worry for her family, not even thoughts of Ursula could sour the pleasure she knew she would always feel, human or mermaid, upon hearing the call of the sea. The sea never ceased, the sound never died.Exhaling a nervous breath, once some courage had returned to her, Ariel creaked open the wooden door and grimaced as the thing creaked horribly in its hinges, likely alerting whichever human was most assuredly watching her to her presence.She waited with bated breath for the inevitable bursting of a mortal man or woman to come barreling in through the door to check on her, but when nothing happened, Ariel carefully stepped over the threshold of the unfamiliar bedroom and out into a dimly-lit hallway, her eyes needing a moment or two to adjust to the darkness that now surrounded her form.Everything in the hallway was laced with the biting feeling of cold, causing Ariel to shiver, as the bitter salty air from outside wafted in through several open windows that hung in the air of the hallway she now found herself in, that looked to stretch onward for miles. Long, dark shadows slinked all the tall cold stone walls from the many candles throughout the corridor, as either side of the aisle was aligned with the waxy objects as the dim flickering light touched the ceiling.Ariel rose her thin eyebrows in curiosity and alarm.What sort of a place was this? Where had she been brought and to what purpose was she here?Though each slow movement as she took one step and then another caused a wave of dizziness and queasiness to waft over her body, Ariel felt the need to press onward, to answer the questions now swirling around in her exhausted mind.Her tongue burned with the dozen or so questions that rested on the tip of her tongue, just begging to be asked once she spotted any sight of the first human she laid eyes upon, but would not be able to voice them without, well, her voice. She frowned, hoping that someone here in this place would know how to communicate with their hands, and was grateful that one of Mother and Father's advisors had been hard of hearing and had taught her and her sisters at a young age how to sign.Unsteady on her feet, her equilibrium off as her gait and grasp on her new human legs was going to take much getting used to, she slowly ascended another set of stairs that looked to lead to a third floor, and stepped outside onto a balcony, finding herself surprised to be standing on a veranda with a railing around the front.The waves of the sea boomed and were loud as rhythmic as a heartbeat. High dark storm clouds rolled in the distance, causing Ariel to shiver as the wind picked up and blew her auburn tresses off away from her shoulders.Surely, Father had learned of her mistake.He had to have, with this tempest that was threatening to send a deluge upon the land and its inhabitants.She shook her head to herself, trying to rid her mind of thoughts of Father, and the surge of emotions that must be running through the king's mind at discovering his own sister's betrayal, her knuckles white with the effort to steady herself as she gripped onto the iron rail, feeling nauseous as bile crept to her throat. Her injured shoulder throbbed. Ariel clung to the railing of the balustrade, slowed by a queasiness in the pit of her stomach and her body decided that she could go no further. She held onto the railing, repulsed by bitter reflux from her throat.She very nearly flinched away as she felt a pair of firm hands grip onto either one of her shoulders."Child, oh, my dear, are you well? Are you sick?" To which she could not answer.Ariel gagged but could not dare to bring anything up; she remembered not having eaten in the last day or two, too nervous about her deal with her aunt to eat much.When the nausea in her stomach had cleared, she exhaled slowly a few more times through her nose and straightened her gait with the help of whichever human stood behind her, but it was a woman, she could tell that much by the tone of voice.Slowly, nervously, Ariel turned around on her bare heels to face whoever it was that had come out to check on her.A large woman stood in front of her, portly, but she had a kind face and twinkling eyes that Ariel, for reasons she could not understand, decided to trust, as the skin of the woman's brow was pulled taut and tight with concern and worry for her well-being as her eyes made a quick scan of her figure, seeing the sheen of sweat starting to glitter on top of her scalp, how pale she was."Would you like to see our physician, dearie?" The old woman asked, vexed, and sounding near on the brink of hyperventilation, looking on edge.Ariel swallowed and sighed, shaking her head no, hoping that it would be enough to convince her that it was not necessary, but the old woman did not look convinced, and her arm shot out to wind around Ariel's bicep, presumably to lead her away."Here, dear, let me take you. Just to make sure that everything is proper with you. You gave the master quite a scare, washed up on shore like you was, dearie. We thought you were dead when he first brought you in, but I'm so relieved to see you up and about. You keep this up, and you'll be right as rain and recovered in no time, child. You'll see." Sensing Ariel's hesitation, the woman's thin mouth tugged upward in a smile as she stepped forward, hoping to reassure the Prince's new handmaiden that no one here would harm her. "You've nothing to fear from me, child, no one here will hurt you. My name is Carlotta, one of the Heads of Household to His Majesty, Prince Eric Johansen, and something of his nursemaid."She began to tug on Ariel's arm, though the king's daughter could only halt the Prince's nurse.Her mind was still reeling, trying to process her words.A prince. Did that mean, then, that the man who saved her life, was of royalty?The old woman frowned, her brows furrowed into a contemplative frown as again, Ariel shook her head no, refusing the maid's offer to have a healer look her over."What's your name, child?" she asked softly, without a hint of judgment or scorn in her voice, which Ariel felt very moved by, a pang in her heart-tugging at the muscle's feeble strings.Ariel opened her mouth to try to speak, though, as expected, nothing came out. Heaving a frustrated sigh, she gestured with her right hand as she traced the column of her throat awkwardly and then clamped a hand over her mouth and shook her head no to indicate that she could not speak at all, to which the older woman, much to her credit, got the gist of quickly."Mute? You cannot speak, can you, Luv?"Ariel frowned. Well. That was one way to put it. She offered a curt nod of her head, a pink blush speckling its way along her cheeks as she turned away, hoping the woman didn't see her blush.The unexpected thought stirred a bittersweet feeling within her, though before Ariel could ponder it further, the nursemaid to the Prince who may or may not have saved her life began to gesticulate with her hands, causing the shock of what she was doing to leave Ariel gaping before the much-older woman, color rushing to her cheeks.She was signing.Gods, there might be hope for her after all, if at least a few people in this strange place could speak with their hands as she could. She watched the maid's movements with a carefully trained eye. Her movements were slow but practiced, and though she faltered through the signs due to nervousness, she could pick out what the maid was trying to say to her well enough."I—I had no idea, child. How long—how?" Carlotta almost covered her mouth in embarrassment, raising her hand to do so, but she drew it away immediately, her round eyes wide and unblinking in awe. "I—I'm so sorry, child," she stuttered.Oh, lord, was she signing too fast for the poor dear to be able to keep up? Would be easier if she slowed down?"I—I meant no offense, I—I didn't know," Carlotta explained quietly.You meant no offense, nothing could be done to save me. You asked me my name. Ariel, Ariel signed slowly, cocking her head to the side, and offering the prince's nurse a wan smile that did not quite reach her sparkling blue eyes that were still wary of this stranger in front of her.Carlotta hesitated. So, this girl that the young master had plucked from the brink of death had not always been without a voice. The news just made Carlotta's guilt worse."You have got a lovely name, child. A much lovelier name than Vanessa," she scowled, pulling a face of disgust at the vain Princess's name as she wildly flapped her hands about, and feeling the fool for doing so, though the pretty girl plucked from the sea did not seem to mind her fumbling over her words and signed slowly, letting Carlotta take her time in deciphering what it was that she was trying to say to her, slowly, and very carefully. "Forgive my forwardness, dearie, but...what happened to you?" she asked quietly, wringing her hands together painfully before brushing them on the skirts of her apron.Ariel hesitated, not wanting to give too much of herself away to a woman she barely knew, and she would not—could not—endanger her people by revealing her existence. Nevertheless, she thought that perhaps, a small half-truth wouldn't hurt.She bit down on her lip as she hesitated before signing, trying to decide how best to phrase her words. My…it was taken from me. My aunt, she hastily signed after a rather lengthy pause, trying to smile thinly to showcase to the older woman that her revelation came as no shock to her, though it seemed to have the opposite effect on the maid.Carlotta drew in a sharp breath. "Your aunt, child?" she asked, scrunching her nose in disgust, and pulling a face. "Gods, by Odin above, what on earth could you have done to possibly warrant such a punishment? How on earth could she steal your voice? Was your tongue…?"Cut out, is what she wanted to sign, though the Prince's Head of House currently lacked the strength to say. She tried to picture this beautiful young girl, bloodied, and bruised, crawling back to her home broken and bleeding and clamping a hand over her mouth to tamper the bleeding. The image made her shudder."Oh, child, I—I'm so sorry, if there's anything that could be done for you, I hope you would let us know," was all Carlotta could think of to say.Ariel's lip parted open in shock. She almost attempted to sign, even go as far as to stick her tongue out to showcase to the older woman that her tongue was still very much intact, but then thought perhaps the gesture might be perceived as rude, and as it was, perhaps it gave her a plausible excuse for why she could not speak.She simply gaped at Carlotta, who stood across the entryway to the terrace looking down at her with a kind smile on her rosy and weathered face, her eyes full of a tenderness she was not used to.In truth, if she was being honest with herself, she had not expected the first human she met on land to be so kind.This woman, this Carlotta, seemed extremely maternal and generous, a trait that was always missing amongst her sisters, and two things that Ariel had not even realized were missing from her life until she experienced them at the moment, which she felt very moved by. Rudeness, impoliteness, brazenness, these were things that, as the youngest sibling of six other sisters, to say nothing of her family's subjects, that Ariel could easily deal with and did regularly.But in her current state of physical and mental vulnerability and unease, this woman's kindness felt like a stab in the heart.She could feel her eyes start to well and glisten with barely stifled tears.Ariel blew out a deep breath as she slowly signed, ensuring the older woman caught her every meaning.Thank you, madame, for your kind words and your concern. I—I will take them into consideration, but I am sure that I will be just fine, she replied, her fingers moving a mile a minute and even in her mind, her voice sounded much curter and tense than she would have liked, and she was sure the impatient gestures of her hands signaled her irritation.She swallowed down hard past a lump in her throat before sharply turning her head away and reverting her gaze, though she felt the old maid's piercing stare threatening to burn a hole right through her skull."Of course, child, I'm just relieved that you seem to be well, though I do wish you would reconsider and allow me to escort you to our doctor, dear, now that you're awake. He's a kind chap and won't hurt you," sighed Carlotta in a warm tone, not at all blaming the poor dear in the least for not knowing how to react or seeming to give off a rather cold, hostile vibe.Ariel slowly nodded, the nausea slowly returning to her in waves. She thought over the old woman's words.Perhaps it might not be such a bad idea after all to visit their physician, if nothing else, perhaps he could give a tonic to settle the rolling nerves in her stomach. She was certain she was feeling so poorly due to the lingering aftereffects of her aunt's spell, but there was no way to be certain. Then—the doctor is which way? I-I could take myself…? She hesitantly signed and was relieved when the matronly older woman seemed to pick up on the expression on the younger woman's face and sensed Ariel's obvious desire to be alone.Carlotta furrowed her brows into a frown and motioned with a jerk of her thumb over her shoulder."Down the hall to your left, third door to the right, dearie, though I do wish you would allow me to take you. I could explain your…ah…condition," she stammered, gesticulating towards her mouth with an embarrassed flutter of her hands. She saw Ariel's eyes grow wide and tried to correct her unintended call for worry in the girl. She straightened her posture and shot out an arm to wind around Ariel's arm. "Come, child. I won't take no for an answer. I shan't have the master's newest handmaiden sick her first day here in the castle," she said.Handmaiden? Ariel's eyes widened, though before she could protest, Carlotta led her newest charge off of the balcony and back out to the hall.The physician's quarters were set off in a quiet, private corridor of the castle's inner buildings. Carlotta knocked firmly on the door, and held Ariel's hand firmly, trying to calm the strange young woman down. After a few moments, a thin, elderly man dressed in pressed immaculate black robes appeared through the small crack he had opened in the doorway. Realizing it was the Prince's Head of House who called upon him, the physician snapped to attention and opened the door wider."Madame Hougaard, what a surprise to see you here at my door so early in the afternoon," he stammered, looking flushed and vexed, white-faced, as he carried a roll of linens and a wooden basin in his hand. "What—what can I do for you?" he questioned urgently, worried for the head maid and her newest young charge, he noticed."There is no need for such pleasantries around me, John, we have known each other far too long for that, and the lass and I here do not intend to take up too much of your time this afternoon as it were."Ariel studied the man for a while. His trembling hands and fretted grey eyes told the princess he was spoken for something, and no sooner had the thought crossed her mind than two armored foot soldiers came from behind them, wearing the same exasperated look as the physician."Louis demands for you, you've taken too long, John," the shorter of the two guards barked in an impatient tone, to which he sighed."Yes, Yes, I was about to…" the physician squirmed, awkwardly closing the door behind him, and turning back towards Carlotta and Ariel, both of whom were looking at the castle physician with questioning eyes, waiting for a remark on what the incident was. "Shark bite, damned beast nearly took off Louis's boy's leg," he stammered. "Third one in two days. What in the bloody hell is going on with our world, someone's upset the gods of the sea," he growled. "My child, I'm afraid I would have to see you later if it is not too urgent."Carlotta opened her mouth to vehemently protest, though, at the gentle nudging of Ariel's shoulder as she nudged the old nursemaid aside, she fell silent. She stepped back and shook her head, quietly convincing the physician to attend to the more important matter. The elderly man's sigh was enough to tell Ariel how grateful he was for her toleration.Go, it's alright. I shall come to you in a more comfortable hour, Ariel hastily signed, watching as the familiar awe crept as a spasm underneath the physician's skin as he processed the fact she was a mute.Nevertheless, he recovered quickly upon being on the receiving end of a rather stern look from Carlotta, the look being one that could have wilted a fully bloomed flower had she the ability. The physician could only nod his head before scurrying away with the guards who had summoned him; she was in concern of the victim. She did not know who it was, but she could only hope that it was a random shark attack and not a ploy by her father to aid in the search for his missing daughter.Ariel grimaced, a bit surprised and worried as the Prince's maid turned to look at her with an odd expression on her face. She huffed and motioned for Ariel to sit on the topmost step of the stairwell, sensing the poor thing's strength was fading.She affectionately patted the step next to her. Ariel could only comply and awkwardly sat down on the step next to her."I don't bite, dearie, despite what others like Louis in this castle and our master's future bride Vanessa might tell you of me, lass," Carlotta sighed, sounding exhausted. "I don't doubt that you have questions for me. I see it in your eyes. I must confess I did not intend to deliver the news in this manner, but I suppose there's no time quite like the present. We hoped that perhaps you might work as the Prince's handmaiden here in the castle." A wry chuckle escaped her lips as she tore her gaze away from Ariel's questioning blue eyes and down the stairwell, at no fixed point in particular as she continued speaking. "I am growing older as the days pass, child. I cannot continue this line of work forever. My arthritis and lumbago are becoming downright murderous in my old age, dearie, this is young women's work. I hoped that if you are well enough, and assuming that you've no family to return home to…" Carlotta faltered in her voice for a moment as did her resolve as she cast a curious glance sideways at the young auburn-haired beauty out of the corner of her gaze.She saw the girl stiffen at the mention of home and family, and immediately cursed herself for being so insensitive to the poor dear's needs. The child had likely lost everything in the shipwreck, and she likely did not need a reminder now.Carlotta pressed on, eager to rectify her mistake. "It was my hope especially that you would take over for me. We have got a maid here in the castle who's a few years older than you, she goes by Molly. She would only be too delighted to show you the ropes. "And…" She hesitated, wondering how much she could reveal of the way the young master had been looking at her while she had slept, oblivious to the intensity of the Prince's gaze, but she wasn't. Deciding to throw all caution to the wind and speak directly from her heart, Carlotta took it upon herself to chance and continued making her plea. "The master of this castle seemed quite taken with you. It was the Prince who saved your life, child. If nothing else, you owe him your thanks if not your very life in exchange. Consider this your repayment," she chuckled at the wide-eyed look the younger woman was gracing her with. She wondered if the lass even realized that she was practically hanging onto her every word.Ariel looked at Carlotta questioningly, the furrow of confusion between her brows deepened. I—I don't understand. She shook her head, perplexed by the possibilities of the maid's meanings and what it meant for her.Carlotta regarded the younger woman sympathetically and smiled. "Think of this as a fresh start," Carlotta attempted hopefully. The maid's speech was guarded, but her eyes strayed to the window beyond them and looked out to the sea below.Ariel understood the maid's meaning was of the shipwreck, but if only she could know the whole story. She likely would not believe in it.Carlotta tore her gaze away from the window and swiveled back around to regard the young woman."What an exciting place for a pretty little thing such as you to grow," Carlotta presented. "You could start over."Ariel's head was utterly swimming with all that the Prince's maid was describing to her. She knew that she desperately wanted to meet this prince, if nothing else, to thank him. She owed him that much, at least.It surprised her that she seemed to be talking herself into accepting the position as a handmaiden to the Prince.Before she could change her mind, as if by witch's curse, she felt her hands moving of their own accord, and she watched herself give her answer.Very well. It would be my honor to serve the Prince, she said.Carlotta smiled happily in response."There's a good Luv, dear. I know you'll meet the challenges of your new position with honor and pride."The maid rose to her feet with a pained groan, wincing at the stiffness in her joints as her lumbago flared to life in her veins from climbing the many flights of stairs to reach the physician's chambers."Now, Ariel, my dear, if you will kindly excuse me, I need to speak to Master Grimsby about something. He's the second Head of House here in the castle, he handles the young master's financial affairs. Man is also my husband, but don't let him fool you into thinking he runs our household," Carlotta chuckled with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes that Ariel could not help but smile at shyly as she lowered her lashes to the ground and rose to her feet. "If you're agreeable, I'll come by your room in an hour or so with something for you to eat," she murmured, looking the girl's slender figure over and deciding the child needed to eat more, she was far too skinny to be considered healthy. "Your room is just down the hall from mine, the one you woke up in," she quietly explained as she began to slowly descend the stairs, using the wall as a brace as she walked. "Three doors down from me, and please don't hesitate to come to me if there's anything you need. The first few weeks here are always the toughest, but my door is always open, and I'll always lend a shoulder if you need to cry, though you seem like a tough young lass, I think you'll be just fine." She chuckled at the bewilderment in Ariel's eyes and did not say another word to the young woman as she descended the stairwell, to find her husband and the young master to let Prince Eric know that his newest chambermaid was awake and alert and had a name, after all.Ariel nodded shyly, watching Carlotta disappear down the stone stairwell until she was out of sight, rooted to her spot on the topmost step. She felt as though her agreement should have given her a sense of foreboding and apprehension, or at least a greater sadness at the thought of having left behind her father and her sisters, her life in the sea, all that she loved.She could not explain why, but once her declaration had been made, all there was within her heart was a growing sense of excitement, despite the loss of her voice. If Carlotta could sign, and most of the staff here in the palace could as well, then perhaps there was every possibility her new master, this Prince, could as well.She had not felt hopeful in so long that it was good to look forward to something, to have a challenge again.Ariel shakily rose to her feet, thinking it was amazing she'd survived. As she slowly descended the steps and followed Carlotta's path taken, she wondered what of her rescuer? She wondered if she should go and find him.She lingered in the hallway, feeling the cold stone floor beneath her bare feet, wiggling her new toes, and trying to decide.It was then that she saw him.Her first impulse was to run and hide, but surely, that wasn't necessary. Surely, he couldn't see her. He stood with his back turned to her, talking with someone, an old man. His hair was a rich shadow raven black color, tousled and short, permanently windswept by the sea's breezes. There was something of the Prince, however, that caught at Ariel.The way he stood. He kept his arms folded across his chest and his shoulders hunched as if it were cold.But it wasn't cold in the corridor. Cool, perhaps, but lovely, nonetheless.There was a stillness about him. As if the Prince were carved in marble stone, as immovable as the floor upon which he stood. His companion eventually moved away, but the Prince did not. She watched him for what seemed like a long time.But she, not this stranger, was the first to move away.Fatigued, she returned slowly into her new bedroom and crawled into the bed without even bothering to look around at her new environment. She barely made it; she was weaker still than she had originally thought. In moments, Ariel was falling asleep again. Falling asleep and for the first time in entirely too long, unafraid. Ariel thought she would be facing another sleepless night plagued with nightmares of her aunt's wicked smile, visions of her family's deaths.However, the princess soon fell into a deep peaceful sleep. She enjoyed the first tranquil sleep she'd known in ages. That afternoon, she did not dream of her aunt, or her father, no.Ariel dreamt of the Prince. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 4
AGITATION struck at Eric like a disease as he restlessly paced outside of the chambers of his newest hearth keep, cursing Carlotta for her brazen boldness, while secretly relishing it, too, the thought of having the woman from his dreams so close. The physician was growing agitated at Eric's intrusion and interference and called out to the master of the castle over his shoulder while he knelt over the young woman in his bed, this lovely siren, and attempted to perform his initial examination."Perhaps it would be best, young master, if you wait outside until I have finished?" he offered, rather sternly in a clipped tone as his hardened gaze narrowed.Eric looked towards his counsellor to discern his reaction to such a demand. Grimsby presented no such argument but remained quietly trembling at the thought of Eric's response to being asked to leave. Eric's eyes widened as he gave his old Head of House a shocked look, feeling certain that he would object to his forced absence from his hearth keep's side.She intrigued him, this girl, though keeping her by his side was the taunt of a treasure that he could not have. However, he found Grimsby's brows creased and his shoulders shrugged at the logic of the doctor's suggestion.It was then that he saw how, even in sleep, his tension was troubling this woman and his demeanor was unnerving John to the point where the doctor was unable to perform his examination of his chambermaid. Eric's face fell, and his shoulders slumped in disappointment, but he reluctantly accepted the veiled decree, wishing for only what would make her most comfortable."Very well," he agreed dejectedly with a grunt. "If you think it would be better for her, but you will call for me when she wakes." He looked hopefully at the doctor but found only a politely resigned agreement in the older man's stance.Quite honestly, the physician was attempting and failing to hide his relief the more intimate part of the examination would not need to be undertaken beneath the hawk-like gaze of the flustered, concerned, and the smitten young prince.Eric nearly jumped out of his skin as he felt Grimsby rest a gnarled, arthritic claw on his shoulder and lightly give the appendage a faint, reassuring little squeeze."I'm sure it will not take long, Your Highness," he muttered, his tone holding an appeasing apology, all the while his gaze, as he peered at the Prince through the lenses of his spectacles, thanked him, to which Eric sighed.Eric remained unconvinced, however, and kept his suspicious gaze on the doctor."You will call for me if you need me?" Eric asked fearfully, one hand hovering on the doorknob as he turned on the heels of his boots to go."Yes, yes, young master, of course. You shall be the first to know of any occurrences," the physician agreed, blowing out a relieved breath as he rose to his feet and with Grimsby's help, began to shepherd the Prince towards the door to wait outside.Eric nearly choked on his tongue, barely able to get the word out. "Occurrences?" he demanded in horror, trying to turn back in his tracks but with the combined efforts of Grimsby and the physician, he was shoved out the door.The physician blocked the Prince's momentum back to the woman's bedside and reached for the knob of the door."Please, Your Highness, I must ask you not to worry." The man smiled timidly. "I am sure that all will be well, but I do require the space and privacy to work," he affirmed, as he quietly closed the door behind him, leaving Eric alone to his thoughts. Suddenly alone in the hallway, the silence closed around the Prince like a relentless foe hellbent on destroying him.Oh, he knew whatever indignity the young woman was being subjected to at the hands of the doctor in the privacy of her chambers was necessary to ensure her health and overall well-being.Even still, the knowledge did little to quiet the racing worry that caused his heart to beat loudly against his chest or the sudden coldness that now seeped into his bones at the distance from the beautiful girl.Already, he missed the heat that she seemed to give off. His mind anxious, Eric could only pace, the only thing he could think of that would fill his time until he would be granted admission into the young woman's room once more and cursed himself as he recalled Carlotta cornering him less than half an hour ago, informing him of the young woman's condition and her name.Ariel.Eric felt his neck sting with heat at the declaration of the young woman's name. His brows furrowed, thinking how he almost wanted to throw a tantrum at the castle's physician and Grimsby forcefully removing him from the woman's room.And then, he heard her shaky voice and it almost made him jump in alarm."Here you are, Eric, I've been looking for you," came the smooth buttery purr of the Princess, a voice adapted by confidence and one that immediately caused Eric to grit his teeth in anticipation of what comes next, a voice that was as smooth as silk but honeyed and simpering, and never genuine.Nothing Vanessa ever said sounded sincere to him at all, and her voice alone was enough to make the fine hairs on the back of his neck stand up on end.Eric ran his tongue over the top row of his teeth as he steadily turned on his heels to face the princess he was set to marry within a fortnight. Vanessa walked with an air of confidence that was learned throughout the years and carried herself regally as she covered the length of space that existed between the two of them.The princess of the neighboring kingdom of Chales, a region that specialized in sheepherding and wool making, and according to Grimsby, were vital in maintaining the survival and thriving status of their kingdom, as the marriage between the two of them would unite the two countries and cause their prospective regions to enter into a trade agreement that would benefit both provinces. Her people needed his fish to survive, and his people needed wool to make blankets to survive the harsh winters.Their political marriage would benefit both regions.Grimsby had set it out to him and presented Eric with the opportunity as though he'd had a choice in the matter, though with his Head of House pulling the strings behind closed doors and scheming with other members of his counsel, he did not, though Eric thought it was easy to pretend well enough that he had at least some small semblance of control over his own life.Such as my new hearth keep, he thought bitterly to himself and tried to shove aside all thoughts of his upcoming wedding to the woman now standing in front of him, wanting nothing more than to think of her.Of Ariel.The closer Vanessa approached, the harder it became for Eric to veil his contempt and hatred for her, and judging by the flicker of anger in her eyes and how her cheeks flushed pink, Eric thought she saw it, too.She had chocolate brown hair that rippled in waves to her waist, a small, childish-like face, and piercing eyes of catlike green. Vanessa was lovely in some sort of way, but spying. Her eyes were utterly repulsive, Eric thought in disgust as Vanessa narrowed her eyes and made a quick initial scan of his appearance, causing him to try to convince himself that at this moment he neither looked nor smelled funny, but it was not because he cared a whit about the Princess thought of him, but of the young woman inside her chambers who he hoped would regain consciousness soon and would be able to talk to him.Oh, he knew of her condition, Carlotta had been most forthcoming in that regard. It was one of the first things about the young woman out of her mouth following the revelation of her name.His heart swelled with hope at the thought of getting to know her, grateful that Mother and Father, may the gods bless their souls, had taught him to sign at a young age when he was just a young lad, after a young man by the name of Klaus had come to work in their stables as a hand and had sustained an injury that had left his hearing permanently damaged and only able to read lips and communicate with his hands.He did not know if his newest chambermaid could read and write her letters, but first things first, he had to speak with her, and he could only do that if the girl roused. Though before he could ponder what she was like further, Vanessa spoke, pulling him from his thoughts and shattering the nearly happy fantasy he'd been enjoying of spending a little time with."I hear you found yourself a pretty little thing washed up on shore this morning, Your Highness. That you played the part of her handsome hero and saved her life. I saw you staring at her this morning when you brought her back, I heard a few of the kitchen wenches telling Kasper she's now yours, is that true? Tell me that it is not," Vanessa blurted out, jealousy dripping from her lips, as Eric sighed in frustration and turned away.He answered without moving at the waist to regard the jealous princess.He was all too familiar with the princess's loathing of any woman she crossed paths with who was prettier and had no time for it.Eric's eyes looked to the ceiling in a moment of desperation as he pleaded with the gods to allow him to keep his temper, with his tongue bitten between his teeth, and exhaled in frustration."She's to be my chambermaid, Vanessa. Nothing more and nothing less than that, though her job responsibilities and my future dealings with her do typically involve looking at her from time to time."The words tasted bitter on his tongue, and he heard the annoyance that was seeping to the surface of his voice. He actively averted his gaze, suddenly wishing that he had a goblet of wine, anything to quell the shaking of his hands.Though Vanessa did not seem satisfied with his answer, as it merely prompted her to ask a follow-up question of her betrothed, one that nearly made him pause."Do you think she's pretty?"Princess Vanessa looked at Eric in wait.It was a question that she almost always asked of any young woman relatively close to her age, it did not matter whether they were older or younger, if Eric and these women ever crossed paths, the question was involuntarily ripped from her lips without falter. He knew, as did the rest of the castle, that Vanessa hated pretty girls, women like Molly, Kyra, Violet, and Tandy. She abhorred their bodies, their blonde hair and wider hips, childbearing hips, as the Princes' grandmother were oft fond of saying when she had still been alive, may the gods bless her soul too.Eric stared numbly at the bricks in front of him, chewing on the wall of his mouth. He turned slightly to eye her out of the corner of his gaze and found his answer, after a tense moment spent in an uncomfortable silence that hung heavy in the air between them both."No."He flinched as his one-word answer left his lips, and even he knew his tone lacked the conviction to sell the argument that Eric wanted to make. He could almost see the fire in the Princess swell as her posture stiffened. She almost looked like she wanted to laugh in disbelief and her nails started pricking the sensitive skin of her inner palms as her fingernails dug into her flesh as she lowered her hands to her side.Eric could see her taunting flashing in her green eyes as they darkened in color. Liar. Liar. Liar. He could almost hear the words as a chant in her head. Vanessa looked as though she wanted to smack the word across Eric's face, and yet somehow managed to keep her cool.The Prince parted his lips to speak, though before he could so much as utter the first syllable, the door to the young woman's chambers in the servants' hall opened, and out stepped Grimsby and the castle's physician, John.While the man who had seen to the needs of the Prince's newest and in his mind, prettiest, hearth keep and regarded Eric with what he took for aloof judgment, Grimsby's soft, reassuring smile immediately put Eric at ease.He took an eager step forward, holding his breath in anticipation and wringing his hands. Out of the corner of his gaze, he thought he saw Vanessa bristle at the interruption, but he paid her no mind."Well?" Eric impatiently implored them, his frantic gaze searching the two men's expression for any hint of news, almost afraid to read Grimsby's face."She is awake, for now, Your Highness, and cognizant, though I've given her a tonic in some tea to help her sleep and keep her calm. I expect it would take effect quickly, so if you're going to speak with her, now would be your chance to do so. The poor thing is traumatized and has been through a great ordeal." His expression was solemn as he explained. "The girl is exhausted, and her body has become taxed to the point of stress. The last thing we want is to exacerbate that stress by any means, Your Highness. As for how the two of you will communicate, she signs as her primary means of talking, sire. To the best of my knowledge, she cannot speak at all. She will be just fine. Her collarbone is bruised, so you will have to be careful with that. It's tender to the touch, so do be gentle with her, sire."A familiar dread crept like a spider across Eric's chest as his cheeks flamed and he tried to pretend that he did not notice Vanessa staring at him, or feel the way her piercing, judgmental stare was boring a hole right through his skull.Eric swallowed down hard past a lump forming in his throat and could only continue to stare at the castle's physician, his feet suddenly frozen, and his eyes wide and unblinking. With a curt nod of his head, the physician excused himself and stepped away from the door, gesturing with a flourish of his arm without saying a word that the Prince could enter into the young girl's room.Eric needed no further invitation.He bounded forward on his heels and sprang at the wooden panel, nearly knocking poor Grimsby off his feet as he entered.Tension met him upon entering the woman's chambers. Eric did not recall how long he lingered in the doorway staring in a heady daze at the young woman sitting against a pile of fluffed pillows at the bed's wooden headboard.Fiery red hair in striking contrast to such pale skin, pale blue eyes like winter. Prince Eric's agitation with Vanessa was soon assuaged by the sight of the girl lifting her gaze and locking eyes with him. There was reluctance plastered all over her face, at first.For the length of a single heartbeat, Eric froze, taking in the view of this mysterious auburn-haired beauty. His feet moving of their own accord and no longer taking directions from his mind, he moved slowly towards the young woman's bedside.Eric could not even draw in a good breath as he gingerly perched himself in a chair that had been set by the bed's side for him. He longed to take her hand but was unsure if this woman would allow it. He furrowed his brows into a frown as her hands drifted downward and clutched onto fistfuls of the woolen blankets that she was draped underneath, and a surge of jealousy spiraled through him in the form of a seeping pressure in his chest, and heat. He wished it was for his hand that this lovely creature, Ariel, had reached.The Prince licked his lips to moisten them and awkwardly cleared his throat to break the silence that lingered between them as he struggled to think of something to say. What in the gods' name could he say to her? That she was not a phantasm of his imagination, that the woman from his dreams that he had fantasized of marrying for the better part of almost a month was her?His mind was practically screaming at him to stay this madness, to dismiss her from his service before it took him down a path he was not sure he wanted to tread, but still, he could only stare at the girl, as she stared boldly right back, caught in a horrified fascination.And Carlotta, gods damn her to the hells, had been so matter-of-fact about this whole nonsense of taking her in.Couldn't she see how extraordinary this was? Couldn't his Head of House see that he had to stop this from happening, that he could not allow it when he was to marry Vanessa, that he had to stop himself from knowing this beautiful creature before he was too late?The delicate beauty of this stranger, Ariel, was a blatant taunt. A test, Eric thought bitterly to himself as he ground his teeth in annoyance. To see if he, as the kingdom's future leader, was strong enough to resist the face of an angel and a body that was as ripe as the sweetest fruit plucked off the vine, and never mind the fact his wedding to Princess Vanessa was within a fortnight."Damn," he whispered to himself under his breath, hoping he couldn't hear her. "Why couldn't you have had the face of a banshee?" Eric sighed.The odd thing was, the Prince knew it wouldn't matter and make a difference. If she had come to him with three arms or antlers atop her head, Eric knew he would feel no different. He would still be ensnared in the thrall of the woman's mystery. The girl's breathtaking loveliness only added to that extra twist of irony. He swallowed down hard and remembered that he owed the young, pretty woman a formal greeting."What's your name?" he asked, his breaths hitching in his throat as the young woman stared at his eyes and the familiar awe caused a sudden spasm under his skin and goosebumps to break out all along his arms and his neck. But it felt as if this girl, Ariel, if she were looking deep into his heart and soul, looking for assurance and trust—with fear.Eric frowned at the girl's skittishness. It was just a name he had asked her, what would make her so fearful to reveal it? Oh, he already knew her name, of course, but he wanted to watch her sign the letters himself.It took the girl a while before she answered with her lashes lowered as she stared fixated at her lap.Ariel, she signed.The edges of his mouth tugged upward as the revelation of her name set him faintly smiling. A name that meant lion of god. Though in her case, he supposed lioness would have been more appropriate."It suits you," he complimented warmly as Eric noticed her cheeks flushing crimson.And…you? She asked hesitantly after a moment, seeming in awe of how not only Carlotta and Grimsby could sign, but him as well.Eric almost let himself smile at that but managed to refrain from doing it. To the best of his knowledge, himself, his Heads of House, and Molly were the only ones capable of the ability to communicate in this way. He had always balked at learning it, but now, he was grateful."Eric, my lady," he spoke out loud as he gave a small, flustered laugh, with a run of his hand through his thick black hair.Thank you. For…for saving my life, she signed solemnly, as she remembered the maid Carlotta's words from earlier, how the Prince had been the one to pull her off the beach and had ensured she received care.She thought of what he had done for her and now, she was allowed to work for him, to show how much she appreciated it.You could have left me on that beach to die. But you saved me, brought me back and you've allowed me to work for you, Your Highness. Why? Ariel nervously brought her eyes to his and held Eric's soft blue depths within her gaze.Eric looked at his new chambermaid, stunned, thinking he had misinterpreted the young woman's words."Just Eric, please," he stammered, flustered and nervous. "And why save you?" he looked at her incredulously, hardly daring to believe the young woman had to ask such a question of him. He wondered what was on her mind. "Because..." He wracked his brain for the right words. It took him a moment to find his voice again. "Because...the alternative is unthinkable, Ariel, if I might call you by your name." Only when the auburn-haired beauty eagerly nodded her head did he continue. "You were half dead when I found you washed ashore today, I could not just leave you on the shores to die," he reminded her, in case she did not remember. "I did the only thing that I could have done, what anyone else would have. I did what was right. I don't like to think what would have happened if I hadn't spotted you." He shivered with the memory.An awkward silence reigned between them, and the Prince figured it was because his new hearth keep was looking at something that sparkled at his chest. Eager to alleviate her worries and to show his new chambermaid that he could be trusted, he took it between his fingers and Ariel immediately flushed, realizing she had been caught looking below his neck.Eric silently took it off above his head and handed it to his new hearth keep for the young woman's inspection, returning the favor of saving him from his embarrassment a few heartbeats passed when she caught him staring.Ariel stared at the strange necklace, and to Eric, and back to the pendant again, with an interesting gleam forming in her sky-blue eyes. She accepted it with a slight nod of gratitude and curiously eyed the jewel.It was as small as her dainty thumb but heavy for its size, the nautilus shell wound about a thick black cord had an irregular shape.But it was the color that intrigued Ariel, for, at first sight, it was a dull, aged yellow with little flecks of brown, but with one twist in the dim light that emanated from the lighted candles on the table nearby her bed, it turned it into a brilliant gold. She was instantly reminded of her aunt and a shudder of both awe and terror traveled up and down her spine without her bidding it.Eric could sense the girl was almost breathless, and she had a look in her eye as though almost conspiring never to give it back.Ariel could even see her reflection, minimized, and distorted if she looked close enough at the glossy surface of the shell, but it did not alter the woman's ache for the object. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see the Prince studying her. He was smirking at her, for it was what many women see whenever they set eyes upon the strange shell that he had found shortly washed up along the shore, following his dreams of her.What is it…? she signed slowly, letting the pendant fall to her lap, and Ariel grimaced, immediately deciding it was stupid to ask.She had already given away the hint that she wanted it all for herself."I'm not sure myself. I found it on the shore a few days before I saved your life."She pulled her eyes away from the pendant and looked curiously up at him before flicking her gaze back to the jewel. His new chambermaid brushed her thumb at the surface of the delicate little seashell, the sheen gathering on her fingers. She could still see her awestruck reflection."Seems to call out to you, doesn't it?"Yes, she signed, and it seemed to her that this strange necklace the Prince had somehow come into possession of was pulling the words out of her mind that she wasn't meant to be even thinking about. Anything you find that comes from the depths of the seas is magic, Your Highness. It is a cursed object. You would do well to get rid of it. Nothing good comes of taking things from the sea, Prince.She crinkled her nose in disgust, though not even the face of revulsion she pulled could disguise her want for the golden shell he'd found mysteriously laying in wait.He was taken aback but unafraid by her statement. And Eric could more than agree with the lovely Ariel on her declaration of the strange shell he'd found. There was an uncertainty in that nautilus shell he'd found, something special but sacrilegious. Dangerous.And unlike other women who had seen it around his neck before her, Ariel seemed to possess keen, intelligent eyes that delved even deeper into its strange psyche, into the bitterness that rooted within the strange seashell. And he has not mentioned how, a few nights ago, he woke to find himself not in his bed but standing in front of the shore, walking into the waves and not in control of his own body, and fearless too, as he heard a woman singing, leading him deeper and deeper into the water's depths.She was beautiful, this creature, this siren singing to him, with flowing purple locks, and a shimmering scaly purple tail that glittered like stardust as the moonlight reflected off the water droplets that gathered on the siren's lower body.But as he crept closer, she turned bony and pale, no longer beautiful, her eyes sunken in. He could almost see the hallowing of her skull. Her purple hair was no longer curly, but lank and limp. He stood wading in the water slowly, both with pity and fear, assuming she might try to grab him around his neck with blackened fingernails.Come with me, he heard her say in a voice that was almost a whispered plea.Eric shook his head, and it was the horror that filled him as she raised her arms and it was then that he saw this siren, this—this…mermaid, if she existed, was growing tentacles, scales over her body, looking more and more monstrous as the seconds in his nightmare passed. He awoke with a scream, the necklace feeling heavy around his neck, reaching for the dagger he kept in a drawer in a small night table by his bed in his chambers, fiercely breathing in angst, slick tears pouring down his cheeks at how vivid the dream was.That necklace lives, my lady, and it nearly killed me, he wanted to blurt out to his chambermaid, but restrained himself from saying anything, lest he turns Ariel's adoration into disgust over the jewel.Eric was almost disturbed to have sensed the prickling on Ariel's skin.It was as if she knew they were no longer alone before the sound of someone lightly coughing to clear their throat reached his eardrums.Alarmed, he turned to find Princess Vanessa lingering in the doorway, carrying a wooden basin of supplies tucked underneath her arm that she looked to have swiped from a maid who'd been passing by.Eric was the first to move off the edge of the bed, in his mind wanting more time to linger, but recognizing how forward of him it was.Nevertheless, his eyes narrowed in suspicion while waiting for a remark on what Vanessa was doing here, and where was Carlotta?As if she read his innermost thoughts, she smiled demurely and spoke, her voice a purr. "Carlotta is in the middle of a heated argument with Chef Louis, arguing what to bring the girl for a meal, not knowing what she likes or where she's from, what her stomach might be like when she awoke." Vanessa rolled her eyes to herself and continued. "I merely thought I would relieve your pretty little maid Molly of bringing up some warm water to dab away at the heat on her skin when I learned this one was ill. The physician said your new hearth keep was feverish, Your Highness. If she's to become your hearth keep, then, by rights, once we marry, she will be mine to command too. I thought that I would like to meet her," she sighed, almost begrudgingly, and even Eric was having trouble believing the girl's words.Eric frowned, more than a little embarrassed that the princess seemed to have sensed his thoughts. Perhaps the annoyance was evident in his face as he sharply inhaled, his eyes speculative and silently disparaging, though if it bothered the princess at all, Vanessa pretended not to notice, or perhaps she did not care. As he turned back around to face Ariel, he was shocked to see that her hand covered her right collarbone."Can you remember anything of the…the shipwreck, milady? Before and after that? Do you have any memory at all of how you washed up on shore?" he asked, his brows furrowed in quiet contemplation. It did not escape the Prince's notice that Ariel hesitantly glanced towards Vanessa first, before turning back to face him, looking unsure. She shook her head no softly.None, Your Highness, she signed, and hesitantly began to play with her fingers.The gesture had Vanessa rolling her eyes, the Prince observed out of the corner of his peripherals. He bristled but chose not to address her behavior. Eric sighed in growing frustration as he rested a hand on top of his lap and calmly nodded in defeat, though the tips of his lips curled upwards into a soft smile. He was grateful at least, that she seemed to trust him enough to have told him her name herself, and perhaps, if the sea had taken her family from her, just as it had his, it was a connection.Painful yes, but if he could learn her truths, it would be something to build upon as he knew he harbored a deep desire within himself to know his hearth keep, this lovely creature from his dreams who serenaded him with the most beautiful song he'd ever heard of.He rose to his feet reluctantly and began to shuffle slowly towards the door, every inch of him screaming in protest, wanting to stay, but recognizing that his new chambermaid was growing fatigued. It appeared that the calming tonic the physician had given her was beginning to take its effect. He sighed. His time with Ariel was up, for now. He would simply have to be content with what little information he had gleaned and try again later when she was more awake and cognizant and better able to hold a conversation for longer lengths of time.It took him a moment to force the words from his lips, though they tasted bitter on his tongue as every inch of him wanted to linger and remain by this young woman's side, for reasons he could not explain.She looked strikingly like the haunting, ethereal siren from his dreams, but of course, she could not be her, as this woman piled against the mountain of pillows within her bed could not speak a single word. Eric tried not to sound dejected as he spoke."Rest then, Ariel. You will need it more than ever. I'm sure later, Molly would be only too happy to show you the ropes, though I won't expect too much of you. Let Carlotta or Grimsby take care of anything you might need, Molly too."Ariel flinched as Eric turned on his heels to go, though the blurred motion of her speaking again with her hands caught his attention and made him pause as he lingered within the open doorway. Even Vanessa's attention was ensnared by Ariel.When I was asleep… the lady started meekly and weakly. I thought I heard my father, calling to me.The edges of her eyes moistened and glittered with barely stifled tears. Eric halted, a pang tugging at his heartstrings. His entire body ached to hold her, though as Vanessa turned her head coolly to regard him, the jealous glower on her face chilled the blood in his veins, causing him to halt his tracks and turn to look at his new hearth keep with an expression without sentiments, though he could not disguise the apologetic glimmer in his blue eyes as Eric met Ariel's gaze. The intensity of his look made her swallow as her throat hallowed.I hope…it wasn't just a dream, she signed slowly.Eric gritted his teeth as he looked away, thinking that perhaps her family had been aboard the ship that had sunk.In a split second, the words left his lips before he could stop himself."It was likely just a dream, my lady. Now, you should be resting…"Eric saw the antagonism flaring in Ariel's eyes as their icy blue hue darkened to almost cerulean as he took in how flushed Vanessa's cheeks were becoming. Ariel bit down on her lower lip while watching the Prince exit the chamber.The Prince passed the Princess by without speaking a word, and his future bride offered a curtsy, but he knew it was not genuine.As Vanessa watched her Prince disappear down the hallway with sharp, purposeful strides that quickened, she smiled softly to herself as she clutched at the basin jar in her hands and walked resentfully towards Prince Eric's newest servant, who she could tell, was already feeling the discomfort.Vanessa struggled for a moment to find her voice, though she secretly relished in the fact that the prince's new maid could not speak.That much easier to torment the pretty thing then, Vanessa thought as a bitterness seeped into her stomach."I'm sorry to have come to you at such a tiring hour, the trauma you must have gone through must be exhausting," Vanessa simpered while placing the items the lovely little maid Molly had been intending to bring up to her, though Vanessa had jumped at the chance to intervene, wanting to see the pretty little siren for herself, on a small wooden table beside the girl's simple bed.She kept her voice smooth as silk and benign as possible, despite the urge to wind her hands around the lovely young woman's neck and snap it, wanting to see the light leave those blue eyes.Vanessa instead forced herself to remain calm and level-headed as she poured the water from the jar to the clay basin. The mute hearth keep naturally stayed silent and could only watch her. Water droplets filled the awkward silence between the two young women as Vanessa soaked and squeezed the grey wool bathing cloth of excess water from the well.Smiling, she stooped and gingerly dabbed the cloth on Ariel's forehead."To keep the fever away, and…oh my," she chirped, falsely claiming concern at the ugly bruise that littered the young woman's prominent collarbone. "What a pity. Does it hurt much?" Vanessa stretched a hand to try to touch only the edges of the purple marking that was already bruising, though before she could, the red-haired wench violently jerked away from Vanessa's hand.It's…fine, the siren from the sea willed herself to sign, again covering her shoulder with her right hand. What was your name again?Vanessa's hand was left hanging, though the Princess rested her hands instead of bringing the cloth up once again to dab at the girl's pretty skin that she wished were blemished."Vanessa, my lady, my name is Vanessa," the Princess sighed. "Don't despair, little thing. You still look beautiful," the Prince's fiancée assured. "In this castle, you have to get used to it anyway." She was pleased to see, at least, if nothing else, she had the girl's attention as the auburn-haired wench sat up a little straighter against her pillows.She watched this woman, Ariel, frown and furrow her brows in utter confusion.What?Vanessa pursed her lips. "Nothing."Get used to what? She signed again, and this time, her expression was coated in determination and a fierce resolve to hear Vanessa's answer for herself."Why being called beautiful, didn't you know? The men in this castle only know how to do one thing and that's how to ogle a pretty girl's backside when she isn't looking and think of all the ways they can steal a kiss."The Princess raised her eyebrows, wanting to laugh at this strange beauty her Prince had stumbled across, but must not, lest she gives too much of herself away to this woman.The red-haired wench, this Ariel—what kind of a name was that even—stared at her numbly for a moment before looking away in a frustrated exhale. As she did, Princess Vanessa gazed at her rival intently, acknowledging begrudgingly the ivory sleeping shift that the stranger from the sea wore, with her lovely auburn hair freely flowing to just past her shoulders. And she had not believed in the stories that were throbbing throughout the castle from the simple-minded small folk, the other wenches this girl would be working with.That Ariel was a siren washed ashore from the deep depths of the ocean. It was even the least possibility. How could the gods have just left this one to drown? Vanessa couldn't believe that Eric, as cynical as her Prince was in not believing in the old stories, might be falling for this hogwash. But she also knew that whether it was true or not, this girl was now the Prince's, which meant she could not lay a hand on her. Vanessa was disturbed when the wench looked away and covered her bruised shoulder with a hand.Leave, please, she signed.The Princess bristled at a commoner telling her what to do, though she took a step back, trying to shake away the visions of the Prince staring at the young woman in the bed from her mind, looking at this siren, this wretched succubus, with a longing in his eyes she had so longed to see since meeting the Prince. She could not imagine them becoming more acquainted and familiar with each other, though she had little choice in this regard, as the wench was the Prince's to command and do whatever he liked to.To think of her Prince laying a hand on this siren and being so gentle with her sent a horrible wave of nausea through Vanessa. She swallowed down past the lump forming in her throat, feeling the dam of furious tears threatening to break from her eyes.The woman in the bed made no effort to communicate with her again, and the girl did not need to repeat herself.Even before she could, the Prince's fiancée found herself fleeing from the room, her mind teeming with possibilities. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 5
ERIC stared absently at the fire roaring in the hearth of his private solar, though the crackling red and yellow flames did nothing to reach his body or soul. If anything, the agitated young Prince felt...cold. Cold and alone, and wallowing in his misery and self-pity. The Prince did not know how long he had lingered in front of the fireplace, not bothering to move from the solitary chair he sat in, his mind flooded with images of the young woman whose life he had saved this morning.The door creaked open, and he did not even have to turn around to sense Princess Vanessa's presence. He knew it was her by the way the temperature in the room felt to have dropped at least ten degrees by her arrival. Eric stiffened in his chair at the sight of the Princess out of the corner of his gaze as she strode swiftly, formally, forward."Princess," he announced formally, flatly, with no semblance of warmth or affection in his voice for the vain, presumptuous woman he was to marry in mere days."Milord." Vanessa reverently lowered her head in respect.She smiled easily in Eric's presence, but quickly returned her attention to the matter at hand as she glanced down at her hands, filling them with the image of the Prince's handsome face. She would be more than happy if those blue eyes were looking at her, but now she began to imagine that they were fixated on his new lovely little chambermaid instead. Ariel.She needed a task. She needed to ensure that Eric would be hers, until the wedding at least. She wanted to know where the man went during the day, how he spent his time, and who when it wasn't with her.It was Eric's good graces and his affections she sought this evening. She rang the tension from her hands as she exhaled a shuddering breath, beginning her tactful prodding of his feelings for her."I was hoping that I could speak to you regarding a delicate issue," she began, choosing her words carefully. Vanessa took in the sight of her Prince, her affianced's back was facing towards her, his face towards the roaring fire in the hearth.The man was lax and grim together, with his hand resting lazily on the knuckles of his folded arm, his elbow propped on the side of the armchair.To her, he looked as if he were carved on that chair, inanimate and sullen since he had reluctantly left his chambermaid's room. Long enough to have the parchments on the table be blown in all directions by the salty sea breeze breathing through the window that he'd opened, long enough to have the candle on his desk snuffed out and now cold and lifeless.Slowly, she strode towards his chair and moved to stand in front of the Prince. Eric was altogether actively avoiding looking at her, and she was eager to force his gaze to look at her, to gauge his reaction to the question she wanted to ask.Drawing in a cautious and apprehensive breath, Eric knew that he could conjure up no reason in his mind to refuse the Princess's request. No doubt she was already harboring feelings of jealousy towards Ariel.He knew that it was important to remain civil to the princess of Chales, even if he did not love this woman, and even if he suspected that her reasons for seeking her out before dinner in the Great Hall had more to do with the arrival of the young woman into his life, than with matters that pertained to the realm.Without a word, Eric nodded his head, granting Vanessa permission to speak. "What is it you wish to discuss, Your Highness?" Prince Eric asked, wearily. "Is the wedding?" he asked, hoping that the Princess would say yes, that it was bothersome to her, and she wished to call it off. His lips parted, he wanted to say more to the Princess of Chales, but nothing came out.Vanessa chewed on the wall of her mouth for a moment before summoning the courage to speak from her heart, though as she did, the jealousy could be heard dripping from her voice, filling the room."If I were the one who would have drowned, would you have saved me?"Eric fought against the urge to roll his eyes in disgust and contempt at Vanessa's line of questioning."Go," he growled, his voice almost cracking as his fingers curled into fists. "Do not do this to yourself, Princess. That woman is none of your concern, Your Highness, and you will leave her be, or you will answer to me," the Prince heard himself answer abruptly in a voice that was clipped and curt, straightening abruptly in his chair and swiveling his head to glower at Vanessa.Vanessa angrily pursed her lips, the words pouring out of her before she could stop herself from saying them."Forgive me, my liege, for assuming that I, as your future wife, was allowed to have an opinion in the matter. If you ask me, she needs to be reassigned, Your Highness." The words were sharp and angry and not in any form an acceptable way to address the Prince of these lands. She thought, for one horrid moment, that this was the end, he would end their engagement and see her on the first ship out of the harbor back to her homeland or perhaps even worse—hang her for such insolent disrespect—that all her hard work in winning his heart and affections these long months will have been for nothing, and because of her.Ariel. An abrupt bitterness seeped its way into the pit of her stomach as she swallowed down all the bile that was rising in her throat at just the thought of the wench. Had the entire realm fallen on her? Vanessa's face crumpled as her glistening eyes desperately searched Eric's for the truth on his lips. For sure, she had misheard her Prince just now."But I just got here," she protested, sticking out her bottom lip in a slight pout and biting down, aware she must look like a petulant child while doing so but did not care.Eric shrugged his shoulders without looking at her. He lifted his hands with a careless impression as if he had accidentally trodden on her toes instead of wounding her heart.This time, their eyes met; hers with an angry, furious vexation and his with a cold and distant apathy, even hate."Well, yes," his voice began coyly. "And now you may take your leave, Highness.""You—you can't be serious!" Vanessa spluttered indignantly, the words were ripped from her lips as her face flushed, to which the Prince rolled his eyes and sighed. Envy and hatred began to spread on her veins, jealousy, and horrible insecurity."Leave. Don't make me ask again." His voice was almost cracking as he curled his fists and raked his nails down the arms of his chair.Vanessa stiffed her shoulders, rolling her neck to crack it as she shrugged in defeat, and began to move away. Midway, however, she stopped, brushing her hand against his left shoulder, and ignoring the way the Prince flinched away from her, almost violently so, and shrank back into his chair, as though he were repulsed by her touch.She ignored the gesture though it stung and picked something tucked in it. She stared numbly at the thing now held in between her delicate fingers, its red color almost screaming against her pale skin. Her face became mottled crimson in ire."It was worth saving her life, wasn't it, to look at her up close, Your Highness, yes?" Vanessa asked.Eric turned his head to the left to see what was on the Princess's hand. Red and beautiful.A strand of the young woman's lovely auburn hair. It must have found its way onto his clothing when he had carried her inside the castle, he realized with a pained jolt, and could only watch as Vanessa tossed it onto the small wooden table by his chair, and it was caught by his cup of wine. Its color appeared like dark cherry as it floated on the wine.The Prince grimaced and turned his head away, just in time to see Vanessa roll her eyes and stamp her boots angrily on the floor as she stalked out of the Prince's private solar, leaving Eric staring at the single strand of Ariel's hair, remembering the red of her hair being the first thing that he saw of the young woman aside from her foot when he'd plucked her from the wreckage.VANESSA breathed deep the salty, sticky air, her watery eyes staring out at the endless blue ocean in front of her, cursing the gods and wishing they would have drowned Ariel, that the wench would have been left to die on the beach, that the Prince had never stumbled across her body. Her chest hallowed like a dry brook and her tongue swelled with dryness.She shivered with gritted teeth while embracing herself with her arms wrapped around her middle, having fled Eric's solar in such a haste, wrapped in fear of the way the Prince's spiteful eyes followed her to the exit that she had not thought to grab a cloak on her way out of the castle for air. A gruesome chill swept through her cause goosebumps to prickle on her skin."It's a beautiful sight, isn't it, poppet?"Vanessa swallowed her cry of alarm as she turned her head, unable to stifle the gasp of surprise that left the back of her throat as she found herself face-to-face with perhaps one of the most beautiful women she had ever seen.The woman standing in front of her had beautiful dark hair that cascaded in natural curls to her shoulders, a lovely pale and oval face, but spying. She wore a rich pleated robe, a plain robe of sackcloth flax linen with an elegantly draped hood, giving off the impression this woman might perhaps be a princess or queen in exile, a wanderer on her way through the realm on a holy pilgrimage, perhaps to one of the temples of the old gods, but what the Princess could ascertain for certain was, this woman, this stranger, whoever she was, had a purpose and a deep dark secret.Vanessa made no reply at first, trying to gauge who this stranger was to her, and what she wanted. She at first thought perhaps it was a servant from the castle come to check on her, but the woman was dressed much too finely for a servant."Or perhaps the sea is still ugly, Your Highness," replied the cloaked stranger in a mystical soft voice that strangely enough, put Vanessa at ease and she could not explain away the sudden peace that was wallowing in her soul. "Only now you think it's beautiful because you have not seen the worst."Vanessa slowly faced the stranger, her fingers clasped in front of her middle. "I—I'm sorry. I must have missed your name?"The woman's face flushed, with a quick smile, she looked down and brushed a dark curl that tumbled in front of her face like a curtain. "Call me Ursula, child. I'm…something of a wise woman, if you will," she began in a smooth, languid voice that almost sounded too nice, too sweet."A witch?" Vanessa breathed, as the older woman seemed to sense her query. If this woman, Ursula, was a witch, perhaps a fairy godmother of sorts if one were to believe in the tales of old, had she come to help Vanessa then to win Eric?Ursula nodded. "Of sorts," she answered in a casual, nonchalant tone with a light shrug of her shoulders, leaning heavily on her wooden walking staff for support. "I've been called many things," the beautiful woman chuckled, her gaze growing glossy and distant as she stared out into the sea with a look of wistful longing Vanessa wasn't sure what to make of. "Some seek my help for healing, some for trading. Some come to learn their future." The self-proclaimed witch turned towards the Princess and offered her an odd smirk, or at least it seemed that way judging by the way the corners of her mouth turned upwards. "And some declare me a witch for my capabilities."Vanessa held her breath, again wondering if the tales of old were true, if there were mortals gifted with special abilities, as this one seemed to be.As if reading her apprehension, the woman smiled sweetly, almost innocently, at the Prince's future bride."You wish me to tell you your fortune, do you not, Your Highness," she predicted.A heavy silence fell between the two women, but Vanessa could feel the thick tension in how this beautiful witch, this Ursula, sees her. And she did not like it. The witch's eyes, cold fathomless green, were masked with a smile but something inside chilled the flustered Princess to her core. Vanessa swore she saw the tightening of Ursula's jaw. Hatred. Loathing. Spite?The Princess found herself swallowing. Vanessa smiled, a bit embarrassed as if this wise woman had heard what was echoing through her mind. Even as Ursula's stare threatened to burn a hole through her skull, the Princess got the impression of her she knew her thoughts. Perhaps it was her natural gift."Could you?" Vanessa asked, a note of hope teeming in her voice as she bit down on her bottom lip, suddenly anxious and barely able to stand still as she shifted her weight between her feet.Ursula was thoughtful for a moment before she spoke, leaning heavily against her wooden walking stick for support, though Vanessa furrowed her brows at why she carried one, as she was far too young and beautiful to require aid in walking."Does your Prince want this wedding to take place, Princess?"Princess Vanessa replied with silence. Humans were good at that, Ursula noted bitterly to herself. Might as well cut out the girl's tongue as there was no difference in her having one or not.Vanessa shot the older woman a look as she felt the color in her face drain, leaving her with an ashen complexion.She gritted her teeth as she felt her long fingernails digging into the skin of her palms. Willing herself not to be caught with the shock, she forced a laugh from the back of her throat, though the gesture sounded bitter. "Well, of course, he does. It means a lot to my parents, and the Prince's people." The silence screamed between them as Vanessa left her answer hanging in the air, with Ursula still waiting for an answer, not seeming satisfied with the response the Princess gave.Vanessa continued to force the smile to show on her face, though she felt her cheeks' reluctance to be molded so falsely."How long have you loved him, child?"Vanessa's jaw almost dropped at the witch's words. Her heart began to pound wildly against her chest in loud, uncontrollable pulses. She swore she could almost see the Prince standing on the shore with her, looking at her with a finger at his lips and smiling sensuously, telling her to keep the jealousy she felt towards his new chambermaid to herself, or she would be suffering consequences.The witch continued, not giving the Princess time to formulate an apt reply. "Whatever you think you had, forget it. His eyes are draped over his new pretty little hearth keep's face, even with your knowledge. The man does not love you, Your Highness.""Not that I suspect the child inside will be particularly proud to take your place in this fashion," the cloaked woman sneered.My place? The Princess gave a small laugh, forcing the strange woman to look back at her. "My pla…? You don't know what you're talking about, witch," Vanessa retorted back hotly, feeling a fiery surge of anger well in the pit of her stomach, though the moment the words were out of her lips, she instantly regretted her words. But it was too late to take them back, she noticed, as the Princess swore she caught the flicker of something wild and feral dart through the alluring woman's green eyes."Oh, but I do, darling, believe me when I tell you this, child." Ursula stared at Vanessa with the glint of threat from the edge of a knife, a wild, dangerous look. "You thought your precious Prince Eric would be with you forever, was that it? I used to dream about finding true love, myself, and I did once, but here I stand, passed along from one wretched man to the next, and my truth comes along to ruin your fantasies."The cloaked woman let out a tired sigh. "Perhaps yet, there is a way that you could regain your Prince's heart, but it would come at a cost that must be paid in the end. I could help you there, but only if you commit to my terms." She turned to find the Princess glaring at her. She chuckled, the edges of her mouth turning upwards in a smirk. "Dear lovely thing, if looks could carve out lungs. You are at my mercy completely whether or not you are aware of it yet and yet, I get the feeling from you that you would plan to kill me with dagger eyes alone, child. Is that why you're out here alone without your man by your side? You kept glaring at his new hearth keep like a fool?" she chortled. Ursula's jaw tensed and she breathed out a breath before continuing, lowering the hood of her robes and allowing the salty sea breeze to blow her ringlets off her face. "You would mean to watch her die? This girl, Ariel? Do not lie to me, child, I see the truth in your eyes," she murmured lowly, a dangerous glint in her catlike green eyes as she studied the Princess's shivering form, but not with the cold. She smiled to herself and proceeded to lower her voice an octave so that no other passerby here on the shore could hear her, save for Vanessa.Vanessa's eyes widened as she bit at the wall of her mouth. She opened her mouth to speak, but no words came out at all, as she was far too taken aback and flabbergasted to form a coherent reply.Soon, the strange witch Ursula offered a statement that made the Princess lift her eyes. "This is why the time is not right, Your Highness. Because you are in denial, and you do not yet believe. You cling to your fantasies your Prince could love you, but when it will not happen, when he falls for the lady Ariel, your anger will be anew, igniting your passions and your imaginations. Only then will you be at your most vulnerable. Only then can I help you, child. And for now, my lady, you must observe the two of them as best as you are able within the next three weeks. Ingratiate yourself with the servants of the castle, if you can, speak oft of politics. You must be clever and subtle about it, but with time, you will win your Prince's heart. Just keep away from Ariel, and all will be well. The child is a meddlesome thing, and I sense that she spells trouble for this world."Vanessa furrowed her brows into a worried frown as she thought over the woman's words. She did not believe herself to be really clever or very subtle. No one had ever told her these things were required of her, as a princess.None of her counsellors had ever spoken of this, a quiet time, when the man she was to marry must silently be observed, watchful for any hint, any sign of infidelity on the Prince's part. Sensing her hesitations and initial reluctance, Ursula offered the Princess a smile that was almost—almost—warm and reassuring, but it did not reach her eyes."Patience, my lady," she muttered, her slender, elegant fingers curling around her staff. "Things are progressing as they may. Even now, the wench inside plants a seed of doubt in the Prince's mind. Some in the castle are calling her a siren of the sea, a gift to His Majesty from the gods themselves, father and son Poseidon and Triton." The witch snorted and rolled her eyes. "That she has been risen from the depths of the ocean and will lead the people of the sea and land into glorious battle against the forces of darkness that would seek to repel their liberties and take it from the smallfolk. But the time to act is not right. To kill her now would throw the balance of both worlds into chaos. But the time will soon be at hand for you to wear the crown."Vanessa felt like her mind was utterly reeling as this woman spoke of things that she did not understand, but if this woman could perhaps help her in ensuring the Prince had eyes for her and her alone, she was eager to be of help to this woman in whatever way she could."How could I possibly help you?" she asked, the furrow of confusion between her thinly arched eyebrows deepening, her voice was quiet and utterly confused.Ursula took a step back, pressing her hand against her mouth as her expression grew placid as she thought for a good long moment in heavy silence. It took her a while to find her voice."How much do you know of his estate? Your Prince's?" Ursula asked.Vanessa blinked owlishly at the beautiful witch, certain she'd misheard."What…?" she exclaimed sourly."If you mean to see precious little Ariel die, then you may tread down this path from which there is no return by telling me what you know. How to breach its walls, how many men at each gate, the length of its dungeons, her defenses." Ursula turned at the waist to find the Princess in full attention as she gaped at her in disbelief, eyes wide and unblinking. "Help me sack the castle and I could give you your wish. Lovely Ariel will not stand in your way. That is if you wish to continue your device against every woman on this wretched land that you deem prettier than you but turn it against the Prince's hearth keep. If not, dearie, then I wouldn't take it against you. Either way, your fate is a fixed point in time. You will have his heart."Vanessa exhaled a breath she had not even realized that she had been holding. "What promise could I give you, witch? I am not exactly in good graces with Eric or the rest of his staff. They all despise me," she asked bitterly, unable to disguise the jealousy in her voice as yet again, visions of Ariel filtered through her mind. She bristled with jealousy, thinking the auburn-haired wretch would find no difficulty in making friends. The thought made her cringe as she looked at Ursula, having the impudence to raise her eyebrows at Ursula without the knowledge of how rudely she was behaving towards the princess of the sea.Ursula smiled at Vanessa in a way that made the Princess shiver as if the wise and beautiful witch were hiding behind a million untold secrets begging for release, but she remained tight-lipped. Vanessa's heart raced harder than before at the way the witch regarded her. Ursula's next words to her chilled the blood to ice inside her veins and a dull aching throbbing in her head."Pledge to me your will, and I assure you, by the gods, you'll have his heart."Vanessa felt the familiar chill that had been plaguing her ever since Ariel's unexpected intrusion into her fiancé's life.She could not understand whether or not it was excitement or fear that was burgeoning in the pit of her churning stomach, making her feel rather nauseous, but she knew for sure she wanted this—the sweet beauty of revenge, to see Ariel's face mauled beyond recognition, perhaps attacked by a pack of wild and starving dogs from the alleyways of the marketplace, or even better, thrown back into the sea to drown and be food for the sharks.Though she was not even sure they or the orca whales, vicious beasts, wanted her. This witch, this Ursula, had asked Vanessa for her cooperation, even temporary, with which the Princess nodded her head with a sparkle glittering in her tired dark eyes.Ursula offered up a response with a slight incline of her head and reached out a hand for the Princess to take, to advise the younger woman that their conversation, for now, was concluded.The terms were not unfair, though Vanessa still bristled at the notion of having to enlist the help of a witch.She did not bargain with anyone, especially not witches whom she knew little to next to nothing about. But neither could she linger in the shadows and watch as the Prince's heart went out to another woman and a common nobody at that."So long as you do not interfere in my affairs or my family's," she hissed her words through her teeth.The witch considered this, and then shrugged back the overly long sleeve of her robes to hold out a manicured hand, so bone-white and pale and perfect, looking as though Ursula had never done a day's hard labor in her life."Take my hand, and the pact will be sealed. I expect that you will give me something in exchange for this kindness."Vanessa hesitated, but only for a fraction of a second as her hand moved as if no longer taking directions from her mind, her fingers shaking as she slipped her hand into hers. Ursula's grip was deceptively strong as the witch took hold of her hand. Her eyes widened as a soft golden tendril of light began to thrum around their conjoined hands, and the magic thrummed beneath her skin, the most powerful and warming sensation the Princess had ever felt.The witch's slender fingers were unpleasantly cold to her as if Ursula's hands were made of ice, but if the warmth of her skin caused the witch any discomfort, she offered no sign of it.The Princess nervously tensed, as she felt the witch's magic star, and as the golden tendrils of light dissipated and seeped their way into her very skin, leaving a burning tingling warmth that was not altogether unpleasant within her, Vanessa knew that she was finished. As she made to turn on her heels to head back up to the castle, not liking the look of the encroaching thunderstorm that was vastly approaching, a question forming on her tongue made her pause."You are not from here, are you."It was not a question, but more a statement of fact, and the clipped curtness in Vanessa's tone demanded an answer."No," Ursula replied without looking.Vanessa nodded in understanding, alarmed that she should not be more taken aback by this revelation than she was, but shoved aside her emotions to the pit of her stomach and continued, her curiosity getting the better of her now."For what reason did you settle here?" The question poured out of the Princess's lips before she could stop herself from asking it.It seemed to take Ursula an eternity before the witch found her voice, and when she did, her voice was so faint and subdued that Vanessa thought at first, the witch had not spoken to her at all. "I grow weary of the world, child." Which world, exactly, she did not specify. "The petty concerns of foolish kings and grasping royalty bores me."Vanessa frowned, saying nothing, trying to understand.So, it would seem that this witch had now inflicted herself and her wretched Dark magic upon Eric's realm, simply because she found her kind insufferable and therefore was shirking the obligation her powers seemed to bestow upon her if any?Vanessa did not bother to hide her disdain as she scrunched her nose in disgust, already thinking that she was beginning to regret her decision to become so intimately involved with a witch, but she could not take it back.As the Princess walked away, she frowned but did not dare let herself look back as she felt the light spritzing of rain falling on her shoulders and settling onto her dress.For she knew she would see the witch. The woman's laughter drifted after Princess Vanessa anyways, caught on the salty sea breeze that gusted through the air as the skies above her head darkened, signaling the gods were immensely displeased.Horror clung to her eyes as the first low rumble of thunder cracked and rang in her ears, and when she fled the beach, she never looked back, for perhaps the witch Ursula had been right, after all.The sea, that dark chasm, was still ugly. It was never beautiful and never would be.Vanessa started to fear for the worst.THE night was warm. Ursula's pallid eyes stared at the ocean as the storm picked up in intensity. The wind had become the orchestral conductor of the sea, sending waves into their crescendos throughout the ballad that was the encroaching night. Surrounding the witch was the heavy perfume of the salty air and the fine spray that came so boldly. It was as if life herself had entered into the water and the energy and magic were so great, that this great pulse came up to form a rather steady rhythm.A figure nudged beside her. Triton. Her brother gave his once-beloved sister a wan look before offering an incline of his head."Sister," he spat through gritted teeth, contempt dripping from his voice.Ursula slowly turned her head to regard her brother, and still, the boiling in her blood ensured, though not as horrible as the years before, she would never be able to forget. She heard her brother sigh and the blood in her veins went cold, just for a moment. Her brother Triton was not a handsome king or merman, as he rose from the shallows, though purposefully did not use his magic to transform into a human, as she had, though he possessed the capability.There was a peculiar sort of beauty to the broken form of the king's tired face. Triton was as pale as the moon itself, and his eyes were the clearest, darkest black that Ursula had ever seen.The intensity of her brother's glower came rushing to her in a mighty tide, and for one wild moment, Ursula feared he saw right through her, that her brother knew of her purpose here on land, to bring down the human race, to take the throne upon which the Prince sits, to make them all suffer for what they had taken from her.She was not looking at her brother now, but at the murderer of her child. Raen had been her pride and joy. But when her son bled in the gut, the stench of which attracted the sharks that came for him and her mate, she knew instantly who should be blamed. And that fateful blood-soaked dawn when Raen and Aenon were killed, Ursula knew instantly who was to blame.Ursula could recall with crystal perfect clarity swimming into the bastard's chambers, and striking her brother's face again and again in a manner unbefitting of a princess such as herself until her knuckles were sore and speckled with blood.But of course, she could not flay the slayer. This method of revenge was colder, better, in her mind. A life for a life. His youngest's daughter's in exchange for the lives of her son and husband.Yet, there was something in Triton that Ursula needed to mend, though she knew she couldn't. When she looked at him, hatred swelled through her veins, burning hotter than human fire could ever flame within her.I hate him, Ursula thought, I still hate him, even after all this time. I will die one day going to my death hating my brother.Triton's voice pulled his once-beloved sister out of the swirling tempest of her thoughts. "Where is she?" Her brother growled, hissing his words through his teeth, the anger a seething pit inside of him, bubbling and rising to the surface of his voice.Triton looked as though he wanted nothing more than to strike Ursula for her lack of response. Trion gritted his teeth as he thought of his daughter, how he had to learn the news of what his sister had done through Attina.Why hadn't Ariel told him? And what had he done as her father to drive her away?Ursula turned, and pasted an innocent smile over her features, propping herself down onto the land and tucking her legs underneath the skirts of her flowing robes, where she knew her brother dared not walk."Where is who, brother? If you wish for me to help you, you're going to have to be more specific, Triton," she simpered."Save the formalities, sister, I believe you know quite well why I am here, don't you dare patronize me, Ursula, do not," Triton hotly accused, the edges of his beard twitching without bidding. His sister's feigned hospitality and concern for Ariel's well-being only deepened upon his face. The king's spiteful stare bore holes through Ursula, who remained unmoved but tried not to squirm under his scrutiny. "Ariel. Where. Is. She? What have you done with her? She's missing," Triton angrily demanded.Ursula gasped. "What? Missing?" she questioned, trying to give her response to her brother the appropriate level of concern. "Where on earth could she be?"The furrow of anger between Triton's white brows deepened as the edges of his mouth turned downward into a frown."Here on land, Ursula. Because of you. Did you truly think that I did not know?" he scoffed rhetorically. "Nothing happens to one of my daughters without me knowing about it, sister. Nothing," he reiterated, swimming forward slightly, though he did not once rise from the water.Ursula fought to roll her eyes. It was clear to her that she could no longer deny the obvious. Ariel had appeared to have made her intentions known to her sisters, the whelps, and the King himself had discovered it.At this point, she could only do her best to lessen the damage done and ensure that her scheme went according to plan. She lowered her head, feigning remorse, pretending to be unable to meet the King's eyes, but secretly relishing every second."Yes, brother. She is here" Ursula breathed out a shuddering breath and slowly, steadily, lifted her chin to meet her brother's piercing stare, locking eyes with his, her eyes turning steely as determination changed her expression to a look of pure rancor. "And if you're considering the notion of coming after me, I would think again. Her soul is mine. Should some...unfortunate accident happen to befall me during her one-month stay here on land to quell the vicious itch that burns in her blood, then my lovely niece, she will die. If you decide to be noble and kill me yourself, she will die. Ariel stays with me now on land, King Triton, and should you interfere, not even the gods will be able to spare your beloved youngest from her death, Highness."For a moment, Triton was struck speechless. His mind was besieged by the same unanswerable questions which had tormented him throughout his long and sleepless nights since discovering what Ariel had done.He had sworn to himself that neither anger, nor bitterness, nor hurt, nor heartbreak would be the cause of anything other than apathy to his reaction when he confronted his sister for her role in his daughter's ridiculous, suicidal plan.Upon hearing confirmation of the truth, that his daughter survived but had now become the thing he reviled the most, because of his sister, Triton's resolve was fast failing him. The King dug his fingernails into the skin of his palms in an effort not to allow the heartbroken tears that swamped his throat to surface now."How long has my daughter been here, sister?" the king asked the witch hoarsely, his glistening, moisture-filled eyes betraying his hurt as he looked to Ursula.Ursula awkwardly cleared her throat as she swept a dark curl of her hair out of her face as the tempest winds gusted about her face, tossing her shoulder-length hair into buoyant curls. It took her a moment to find her voice. "One day so far, brother. She has not yet spoken of you, because, well, she can't. Her voice was the cost of my help. I have been watching her. I gave her one month as a human. Perhaps when her time ends, this will be out of her system and she will be returned to you, Triton."A wave of cold anger slowly overtook King Triton's hurt. "You did this," he growled, his words more of a hollow statement than a question. He had not wanted to believe Attina when she had come to him with Ariel's disappearance, that his sister could have been so cruel as to rip his youngest daughter away from him without speaking a word to him.Yet, as he looked into the cold and listless eyes of his beloved sister, he realized that was exactly what Ursula had done. The proof was in front of him as she sat cross-legged on the sand.Triton's mind reeled, at the notions forming in his tired thoughts.Cruel sobs welled within his chest. He swallowed hard and forced them back down."Why?" was all he could ask."Because she asked me to, Triton, how's that for your 'why', brother?" Ursula snapped. She supposed she ought to feel remorse at the painful look now plastered all over her brother's face, able to see the shadow of agony that he had lived under since discovering his daughter to be missing."Perhaps you could have tried talking to me," Triton angrily retorted. "Did that never occur to you, sister?" he was almost yelling.Ursula shook her head. "No, brother. That was never an option. My niece swore me to secrecy. I keep my word. You know this."Triton could hardly manage to spit the words out that were burning in his throat. "And so when you did this to her, you have been avoiding me ever since, because you could not bear to tell me the truth, is that it?"Ursula did not look at him."I'm sorry, brother." Her voice sounded hollow, flat, as she kept her gaze fixated upon the dark sea.Triton had no words left. He had nothing. The revelation burned within him, hot and angry and sad."Is she safe, at least?" he asked, very softly. "You have seen her?""I have. She is well. She will adjust," was all that Ursula could say to her older brother. But she was not able to veil the contempt and disgust from her soft tone.Triton flinched. "Is what you've done to my daughter just an excuse, because of what happened to your family?" he asked, his voice lowering an octave to what Ursula could only describe as a low, vicious snarl.Her brother's words hit Ursula like a slap to the face, ringing like a cracking palm against her cheek. Every part of her wanted to protest and contain her honesty, but around him, she couldn't. She never could.The words were ripped from her lips before she could stop herself."Yes," she answered flatly. "You watched them die," she shouted, no longer able to contain her wrath. "You took my family from me!"Triton scowled, casting Ursula a disparaging look. "I was given no choice, sister. Father bade me do it. Better, his counsel thought, not to add to his worries as he lay on his death bed, not to humiliate our household with your…marriage, if you can even call your union that, in so fragile a time for Atlantica,' he spat spitefully."Shame?" Ursula shouted, clenching her fists. "What shame was there in my child—my son—your nephew—or my husband?"Triton shot his sister a withering look."You of all people should know what shame, sister. I did not take you for a fool, so do not start now. Your child was a bastard, and would always be considered as such, as was your marriage not legitimate. The counsel and court were not kind to you, not even then, and they would be less kind to a child of yours, born out of wedlock and so close to the throne." Her brother chewed on the wall of his mouth, and Ursula noticed with narrowed eyes that Triton's hands were shaking. Badly.At her words, Ursula lost her battle to stop the flowing of her tears and sharply turned her head away, raising the hood of her human robes so he would not see them fall. Before Ursula could open her mouth to protest, King Triton made his declaration."Sister," he insisted angrily. "I have no interest in arguing the events of the past. What is done is done and I carry the shame and regret of my mistake with me every day. Don't think I don't," he scowled, though his voice shook as he was desperate to make Ursula understand, she seemed to not be in a mood to listen.Nevertheless, he blew out a breath continued."Were there have been another way to change Father's mind, I would have, Ursula, you know that, but there wasn't. If he would have learned I had disobeyed him, he would have had all of us executed. I could not leave my girls without their father, not when they'd lost their mother," he lamented remorsefully, though his tone of voice only ensued the boiling on her blood."That is not why I have come." He informed her. "My purpose in calling on you this evening is to deliver a message."King Triton turned a cool glare to Ursula.She stiffened and waited with gritted teeth."Anything, brother," she hissed, forcing herself to acquiesce to his demand, knowing she had no choice but to comply.Especially if she valued keeping her head.King Triton took a moment's breath and steadied himself, desirous of giving the appropriate emphasis to his demand of her.Then, his eyes narrowed and turned steely, narrowing until they were slits."If you ever come near my family again, my daughter is harmed in any way because of what you have done to her, or if you so much as dare to or set one foot back into the Atlantic Ocean and change back again…" King Triton's tone left nothing to be misinterpreted. "Then you will wish you had died that night along with your family. You have betrayed our family, sister." Triton eyed Ursula disapprovingly. "I trusted you. Your nieces trusted you and this is how you repay us in kind?!"He shook his head, pained, thinking of Ariel and the young mermaid's innocence."You've put my daughter's life in jeopardy." His eyes narrowed in hurt and disappointment. "There are no words that you could offer to me in your defense," he proclaimed, a muscle in his jaw twitching. "As you have turned your back on your family and our repeated attempts to help you, you are banished from returning home. If you come near my family or my people again, Ursula, then you will leave me with no choice but to execute you," King Triton swore, his face never changing from his mask of cold anger, as he turned and sank back below the surface of the water and disappeared beneath the ocean's depths.Ursula was left alone on the beach in almost precisely the same spot where her niece had been found by the handsome young Prince of this land. Before she could say another word, knowing full well her brother would hear her despite no longer being present by her side, her eyes narrowed angrily, their glistening green eyes a perfect balance of austerity and peace.In her mind, war was already waged.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 6

ARIEL felt happy, free, and light as a feather. Was she floating? No, it was only the breeze, the ocean breeze, warmly enveloping her like a blanket. It played with her auburn tresses and brushed coolly against her flushed cheek. Her hand was warm. It was wrapped in the strong protective grasp of the Prince. Sighing contentedly, she stopped along a familiar-looking path on which they walked. She thought she knew this place, in a painting of Mother's. A place Mother had called…a meadow. Where luscious color plants called wildflowers overlooked the deep blue waves and were surrounded by dunes.
She could not explain away the peace that wallowed in her soul, but she felt happy, as she leaned against the Prince's muscular chest, feeling the man's arms encircle her waist and pull her close so she was flush against him. She turned in Prince Eric's grasp, their eyes finally meeting. She smiled longingly at the Prince, and he met her invitation with a sweet, gentle kiss. She let him, encouraged him, wanting the man's hands to explore every crevice, every depth of her human body.
It was only the two of them alone together, and she needed this, wanted it so badly that it almost physically ached.
She felt the Prince's weight bearing down on her as she was shoved gingerly to her back, the hard earth digging into her back, pressing down on her, his lips meeting hers with fervor—
Ariel bolted from her sleep. She gasped, desperately searching for breath. The sudden rush of blood to her brain as she sat upright and collapsed against her pile of pillows nearly made her head start to spin. Dizzy, breathless, and staring straight ahead into the darkness of her chambers, Ariel was half-awake, half still in her nearly happy fantasy of the dream that had just startled her awake. She was utterly horrified to discover the beads of sweat along her brow and the moistness in other places from the imagined sensation of Prince Eric's body so close to hers in such an intimate way.
She had dreamt of intimacy a few times before, with handsome merfolk she was sure her father would have approved of, but it had never been with a human before, and they had never been like this.
After a few moments, the princess's initial shock wore off and the realization that it was just a dream dawned on her. Her breathing steadily slowed, the frantic heartbeats of the feeble quivering muscle in her chest were slowly but surely returning to normal, as she shakily swung her legs over the side of her cramped mattress.
Steadying herself, she stood deliberately and carefully, breathing shakily through her nose, and trying to relax as she was still struggling to gain control over her new legs. The only light throughout the room came from the dying fire barely roaring in the hearth of the fireplace at the fireside of her room. Though Ariel was secretly glad of that.
She thought that it made her personal embarrassment somehow much more bearable. However, some illogical part of her brain wondered if the walls of the Prince's castle had eyes and even ears, and with just one look at her, his entire estate would know of the mermaid's private thoughts. That he would know, and that, Ariel could not allow it to happen.
It was just a dream. Ariel shook her head to herself. She tried to justify her shocking romantic partner in the dream quietly to herself as simply her frazzled mind playing tricks on her.
The Prince had been present in her thoughts last night when she had fallen asleep, utterly exhausted, and still recovering from the harrowing ordeal of her painful transformation. She was to be working for him for weeks, or at least until her one month was up, Ariel thought bitterly to herself. She was probably wondering about that notion as her eyelids had grown heavy and she'd drifted off to sleep, and Prince Eric had remained conjured in her overactive imagination.
Lost in her thoughts again, King Triton's youngest daughter stood numbly staring into the smoldering embers in the hearth as the fire died. Ariel had calmed the worst of her shock, her racing heart had finally decided to relax. She created a story plausible enough for her mind to accept the Prince's dalliance within the confines of her dream.
Now comfortable with her unconscious storytelling, her mind slipped its way back unbidden to the events that had played in her mind a short time before. She could see the lush and lovely meadow they had strolled in and had sat down on top of a blanket when their feet screamed in their boots, and they could walk no further.
She once more felt the Prince's body next to hers. This time, the siren imagined the Prince giving her another long, slow, tender kiss, his hand trailing down her willing and ready form for whatever came next.
When Ariel came to herself, she was more than surprised to learn she was breathing heavily and biting down on her lower lip. Her left hand was clutching onto the shift she wore to sleep until a good portion of it was bunched in her hand and pulled tightly across her slender, supple hips. Ariel forcefully shook her head.
Stop it! She ordered herself, her embarrassment quickly giving way to anger. You are a daughter of Triton, granddaughter of Poseidon, a princess does not behave this way, she scolded.
Ariel ground her teeth and turned wrathfully from the fireplace and began to dress for the day's chores in the near darkness of her bedroom. She felt foolish and powerless against her thoughts. This would not happen to her again.
She could not let it happen. She would fill her mind instead with the task at hand, serving him and repaying the debt of the man saving her life, and she could not and would not interfere with the Prince's life as the man was to be married to Vanessa.
An abrupt bitterness seeped its way uncomfortably into the pit of her stomach as Ariel could not help but think of the way the woman from yesterday, the Princess, had looked at her, so full of hatred. The uniform that lay hung for her neatly on a hanger in the wardrobe as she wrenched it open was a simple thing, a floor-length ivory chemise, and a teal-blue overdress.
She grimaced as she slipped into a pair of uncomfortable-looking but clean clogs, and washed up at the water basin, which one of the other maids had filled with water from the well in the courtyard the day before. Raising her head to the mirror, she ran her hands through her auburn tresses before taking the time to neatly plait her hair to keep it out of the way.
Satisfied, she made to turn towards the door, though she could not shake the feeling that something was missing. She rose her brows in alarm and ticked off her preparation on her fingers, thinking it over. Hair up…dressed…what...oh!
She remembered. She turned on her heels, her eyes making a quick scan of the darkened room as she looked to the small bedside table that appeared to need a new leg or two. Resting on its chipped surface rested a worn, baby-blue handkerchief that Carlotta explained was for her and would go well and highlight the auburn and red tones of her hair.
Ariel tried her best to walk with a sense of authority into the kitchens.
She did not expect to find the young blonde maid, a delightful petite young woman a few years older than she was, already waiting for her, with Carlotta leaning against the wall nearby her. It was obvious the maids had been talking and most probably about her since their conversation immediately went quiet as she strode into the room.
"You must be Ariel?" The girl called Molly chirped with a bright white smile, that, despite Ariel's best efforts to maintain distance between her new colleagues, she could not help but return the girl's smile with one of her own.
She nodded and signed. I am. And then she remembered her manners and tried to recall how to curtsy, as Carlotta had instructed her to do whenever around someone new. She mentally kicked herself for her error and grabbed a fistful of her dress and awkwardly sank into a low half-bow. Was she doing it right? This wasn't like her at all, to have forgotten.
Thankfully, she did not seem to notice. As she straightened her gait and met the young maid's gaze, her cheeks burned with embarrassment to see Molly regarding her with a look of incredulous disbelief, as though she had just sprouted barnacles all over her face. She flinched and did not understand what she had done wrong and looked to Carlotta for her help.
Carlotta, who had busied herself in checking whatever sauce was bubbling on the stove that a loud and boisterous chef was preparing, straightened and gave her a wide smile.
"Good morning, dear," she grinned. "Did you sleep well, Luv?"
Ariel was visibly startled at Carlotta's question.
What had she meant by that? Did she and this other girl, Molly, did they know about her dream? Surely not. Her face flushed at the memory, though Ariel thankfully recovered quickly and gave the older woman a nervous acknowledgment.
Yes, I...I did, Carlotta, thank you, she signed quickly.
Carlotta nodded in understanding, though Ariel tried to pretend she didn't notice the flicker of concern dart through the older woman's eyes as she and the younger maid, Molly exchanged smirks. Her cheeks burned as Carlotta set a metal breakfast tray in her hands and showed her where to pick up the Prince's meals from Louis.
The castle's chef, Louis, was a loud and boisterous man. Was he a merman, Ariel bristled at the thought of this one getting along with Father. Ariel could not help but gape at the chef and she hoped she wasn't behaving too rudely. All the princess saw in him was poor self-control when it came to eating, someone so weak-willed as to let himself go in such a horrible way.
The head cook sliced a stone-hard but warm thing that Ariel knew to be called bread, she heard Molly asking after it as she set about gathering cutleries, and carefully laid them on the plate that Ariel held, along with bacon still dripping with oil, and a bowl of hard-boiled eggs to serve as the Prince's breakfast.
Though it was the fish on a platter that caused her stomach to roll.
Ariel had not noticed it, but she was looking sick to her stomach, as her complexion had drained, rendering her face a sickly greenish-tinged hue that immediately caused Chef Louis to scowl at Ariel, his brows furrowed in confusion.
"Are you sick, girl?" he barked, his voice accentuated and heavy, the cook raking narrowed eyes at the siren. "Might as well scour the pots that need scrubbing then if you cannot walk, young mademoiselle. Carlotta and I shan't hear of you overthrowing the Prince's precious food on the halls, we could give you a beating for that and are within our rights to do."
Ariel shook her head and swallowed all the bile that was seeping its way up into her throat, squeezing her eyes shut and not wanting to look at the fish, a flounder, any longer than necessary.
She tried to ignore the pang in her chest as she thought of her pet back home, her little Flounder, her joy.
Before she could sign that she was just fine, which would be difficult to do one-handed as she carried the breakfast tray in her hands, the blonde maid Molly darted forward, glaring at the chef with pursed lips. "Add more wine, Louis," Molly shoved off speaking to the head chef in a cold and dismissive tone that made the Frenchman bristle with dislike. "The Prince needs more of it this morning than your unnecessary comments to his new chambermaid. This is Ariel, by the way," she added, almost as an afterthought, as she glanced sideways out of the corner of her eyes and shot a reassuring smile in her direction.
The chef scoffed and rolled his eyes, leaving Molly and Ariel alone to fetch the canister themselves. Molly grumbled under her breath but did so, scowling, and motioned for Ariel to follow her towards the kitchen's exit.
Though before the girls could quit the scene, Carlotta tottered behind them, wiping her hands on her apron with a clean cloth, and then to her broad brow. "Is there anything else you need, dears?" she asked both of the women.
"Another tray to carry the Prince's wine and some sour goat's milk when he gets another one of his headaches," Molly laughed, rolling her eyes to herself, though Ariel did not smile.
Carlotta returned Molly's quip with a chuckle, but Ariel was quick to deflect the young maid's humor back to a more serious tone, as Molly reached out to take the tray from her and Ariel reluctantly allowed her to do just that.
Everything is more than enough, madame, she stammered, reminding herself to be slow with her signing so the older woman could catch all her words. There's nothing else we need.
"Just Carlotta dearie, I am no madame. Here in my household, we are all equals, you and I, Luv," Carlotta gently reminded Ariel, to which she immediately flushed and ducked her head and nodded her agreement. "Please don't hesitate to come to see me if there's anything you should need, but I've entrusted your care to Molly. See her if there's anything you require or if one of the other girls gives you hassle regarding your, ah, condition," she stammered, "and if Molly cannot help you, then see me."
"Tandy and Violet have agreed to help Ariel today too if she needs it," Molly offered with a slight rolling of her eyes.
Carlotta's expression was surprised but grateful with the other maids under her command that she thought of all like her daughters when the gods had seen fit to give her and Grimsby only Kasper.
Carlotta smiled warmly. "That is wonderful news, dear. Please thank them for me if you should see them today before I do."
Molly nodded and shrugged in response as if to say there was no need.
Ariel peeked curiously towards the young blonde maid with a pleasant surprise. Molly had already obviously been working towards any potential obstacle Ariel might encounter during her first day as the Prince's chambermaid here in the castle.
She had not expected that. The thoughtful gaze with which Ariel graced Molly was one the young maid knew she would cherish. Though Molly liked the other girls, Tandy, Violent, and Mary, well enough, none of them seemed to make an effort to talk to her or go out of their way to be kind. But this one, this girl that the Prince had saved, seemed different.
Molly did not know in what way yet, but the maid vowed to find out how.
Ariel brought herself back to the moment and hesitantly looked to Molly. Should we go? she asked softly.
Molly nodded and waved her arm towards the vast stretch of hallway that stood in front of them.
"After you," she graciously offered, stepping back to allow Ariel to go first in the hopes that it would allow her to get the lay of the castle's floorplans quickly enough.
Ariel exhaled in nervousness and gave Carlotta a pleading look, wondering how in the gods' names she had let herself get talked into this as she began to walk down the hallway, leaving Carlotta and Louis to linger in the doorway to watch them go.

CARLOTTA and Louis, followed shortly thereafter by the arrival of Grimsby, watched the pair disappear down the hall and head towards the grand staircase which would take the girls to the second floor, to the Prince's solar, where he would be waiting to receive his morning meal, likely nursing his second glass of red wine. Grimsby looked pensive, as usual.
Louis could barely contain his snort at the thought of the master of the castle taking an interest in the young woman. This strange notion that the Prince could harbor an interest in his chambermaid while engaged to the Princess of Chales promised to provide as many irritating moments as his had in his travels away from France. He shook his head at the images he saw there, imagining the Princess's flustered and vexed face when she would realize just how much time this young mademoiselle would be spending around the master and rolled his eyes to himself, wishing he could be a fly on the wall to see her reaction.
Carlotta felt Grimsby stiffen as he moved to stand shoulder-to-shoulder alongside his wife and fellow Head of House. She scowled, the edges of the maid's mouth pinching in a frown.
"What? You don't think this will work?" Carlotta gave her husband a wide-eyed stare of hurt disbelief as she questioned the man in annoyance.
"It has to," Grimsby answered as he turned and looked down his slightly hooked nose at his wife. "The master has spent so long in a state of melancholy, and though I'm loathed to admit it, perhaps this new maid of his could be just what he needs to break him of his depressive state, though he could never marry the girl," he sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose tiredly.
Lous huffed indignantly and folded his broad, meaty arms across his chest, careful to avoid the bloodstains on his aprons.
"But you heard what Maggie said, monsieur, did you not this morning? Were you truly not paying attention or did you dismiss her claims yet a second time? That Princess Vanessa is not supposed to be here. That this girl might have a part to play in the master's life yet. That all they need is time alone together. You would dare question a Seer's abilities?" Louis impatiently reminded him, usually not one to partake in gossip and stupid superstitious lies as he spoke of the wise woman.
Maggie claimed to be a witch who lived in a tumbledown shack at the edge of the city's limits, who came to the castle weekly for bread in exchange for whispers of the various fates of the members of the castle's staff. The witch was of a fortune teller.
Grimsby remained silent for a moment, contemplating the burly French chef's words, and frowned. He remembered once, as a young lad, being devastated upon hearing the news of Carlotta's mother's death back in Denmark.
The wise witch, then a young woman as he and Carlotta had been back then, could not bear to see a man whom she considered a friend and was always kind to her in such pain on behalf of his wife.
Grimsby always managed to have a loaf of bread or jar of sealed jams to offer her, whatever leftover food remained from the Prince's meals he did not eat was hers, had confided in Grimsby that Carlotta was then pregnant with their first, a boy.
Within a fortnight, Carlotta had confirmed Maggie's words about his wife's pregnancy with their first when sickness had roused her from sleep and the contents of her stomach had hurled themselves onto the floor.
Since then, Grimsby had learned to be wary of but pay particularly close attention to Maggie's words.
Grimsby sighed, recognizing that perhaps, for now, at least, he would have to trust in Maggie's prediction.
He drew his wife close to him in a moment of tender compassion, temporarily forsaking his desire to always maintain a professional appearance when not behind the privacy of their chamber doors, and rested his head on top of her hair.
"I am simply hoping that Maggie's devious desire to play matchmaker does not bode ill for the young master, Carlotta, or our realm's future." He pressed his lips to her cheek and offered his wife a wan half-smile as she snuggled closer into him.
Carlotta quietly nodded her agreement, though she secretly believed no one would rejoice among the staff more than she would if this new girl would capture the Prince's attentions enough to end his engagement to Princess Vanessa.
Eric deserved his happiness, more than anyone else she knew, aside from their son, Kasper, who, though he tried to hide it from them, was sweet on Molly. She gave herself a moment to ruminate over that thought with a wan smile resting on her features before she brought the attention back to the topic of the Princess and her Prince.
"Well, one thing's for sure, dear," Carlotta sighed deeply and shook his head. "Within the next two weeks, our master will either be madly in love with this pretty little havfrue, or Princess Vanessa will have reassigned her."

ARIEL instinctively stiffened and moved away as she quietly observed Princess Vanessa come storming around the corner that indubitably led to the Prince's private solar, which was sort of a study, Molly had explained on the long trek up the grand staircase that left Ariel winded and gasping for breath, clutching at a stitch in her side and wondering what on earth the Prince needed so many stairs for. She supposed if humans didn't swim as much as her people did, then they climbed for exercise. She recoiled as Vanessa's eyes locked with hers, and moved away, pressing herself against the wall to let the Princess and her entourage of armored guards that flanked her pass.
The Princess snarled at her, but by the grace of the old gods, she did not stop to acknowledge either of the maids.
Once Vanessa was disappeared from her line of sight, she looked to Molly, her cheeks turning red as she did.
Molly's brows were furrowed into a frown as she stared at the princess's retreating backside until the older woman could no longer be seen as she disappeared with a twist of her bouncing skirts down the stairwell.
The two stared at one another for a moment. Ariel was not sure what to do, so she stood there, still as a statue.
Then Molly did something surprising—she smiled in Ariel's direction and offered her a coy smirk. "Seems the Prince's fiancée has you in her sights, Ariel. I hope you can handle the likes of her, but something tells me you can, or you'd have already wilted with just that one look she gave you now. But if I were you, I would do whatever you can to avoid her company, at least until after the wedding. I'm sure the stress of the planning is getting to the Princess, I suppose," Molly sighed regretfully with furrowed, thoughtful brows, and turned towards the large oak double doors, wherein a single guard was posted outside.
Ariel followed her gaze and swallowed. There had never been so intimidating a door as the door to the Prince's private chambers, except perhaps the door that led to her father's throne room.
True, this door was much the same as any other door in the castle thus far, she'd noticed.
It was the same sturdy wood and iron hinges as its twins within the hall, but quite unlike those doors, the Prince's chambers had guards posted on either side. Standing before it, Ariel suddenly felt very small. Molly noticed her new colleague's discomfort and frowned. She bit down on her lip, swallowed her pride, and took a few steps forward.
"Jacques. His Highness, is he within? Ariel and I have his breakfast?" Molly asked, raising her chin and staring coldly at the first guard.
The guard hardly glanced at her, too busy prying the dirt out of his fingernails with the tip of his knife in a way that made Molly flinch, fearful for the tips of his fingers.
"He is," he grunted. "Shall I announce you, ladies?"
Molly opened her mouth to reply, though before she could, a loud, ear-piercing shriek emanating from a room somewhere down on the first floor of the castle wafted up the stairwell and to their ears, immediately causing both Ariel and Molly to turn their heads and look downstairs towards the source of the disturbance.
The noise had very clearly come from the Princess, and from the sounds of the horrible, shattering ruckus she was making, Ariel wondered what on earth a dog was, as a creature called Max had just trampled sand over the hem of her frock. One of the other maids, a few years older than Ariel, with strawberry blonde curls and a face that reminded her of Attina that caused a pang in her heart to tug, poked her head in through the open doorway, looking utterly frantic. Her skittish gaze darted to the left and right as she spotted Molly, and some of the tension left her shoulders as they slumped in a sense of relief.
"Molly, oh, here you are, thank the gods! I—it's Max, Molly, he, ah, well, do I need to say it?" she stammered, looking, and sounding flustered as a light pink blush colored her cheeks.
Molly immediately shook her head and pinched at the bridge of her nose and squeezed her eyes shut, as though fighting off the beginnings of a splitting headache. "No, Tandy, I'll be right down," she heaved in a frustrated groan and lifted her gaze to Ariel and shot the confused young new maid an apologetic look. "Ariel, I—I'm so sorry, but I have to go and tend to Max, otherwise the Princess is bound to have Max killed just for getting a wee bit of dirt on her dress," Molly scowled. "I'm afraid I would have to see you later, but if you could tend to the fireplaces in the hearth downstairs in the library once the Prince's breakfast has been delivered, that would be a good place for you to start. After that, we can have lunch together, if you want."
Only when Ariel nodded shyly did Molly make to turn away and disappear down the stairwell in her haste to reach the Princess's side, but not before practically shoving the heavily laden breakfast tray at Ariel's chest.
"See to it he eats something, even if you have to stand there by the door and watch the Prince eat," she said, only half-joking. "The master has his head in the clouds these days, dreaming of some mermaid in his dreams. Man wouldn't even stop to eat at all these days if Carlotta didn't make him," she advised Ariel, a worried frown overtaking her features as she paused briefly in the middle of the stairwell. She had already turned away to attend to the Prince's dog and ensure the man's beloved companion kept his head intact and out of the Princess's sight for the rest of the day, that Molly missed how Ariel's face paled at the mention of a mermaid.
Ariel could not help the sickening sense of dread that burgeoned in the pit of her stomach at the thought of being left to her own devices and so soon, on her first day as the man's chambermaid, as she watched Molly descend the stairwell, having to pick up the skirts of her dress a bit to avoid tripping, though she paused and smiled at Ariel. It was almost as if she sensed Ariel's hesitation and reluctance, perhaps Molly could see it on her face and was intuitive, it was hard for her to tell.
"Have a good morning, Ariel. You'll do just fine here. I know you will. I just know we're going to be good friends."
And then, the maid was gone in a twist of skirts, leaving the Prince's newest chambermaid to blink owlishly after the maid as she followed the shrill shrieks of Vanessa's screams. The Princess was threatening to have the dog killed for ruining her frock.
As she turned back around and looked at the guard, who was waiting for Ariel to ask if he should announce her or not, she was wracked in indecision. Should he? She could turn back right now, and no one would question it.
She could simply leave the tray with the man's meal outside of his door and the guard would see he ate.
There would be no need for her to face the Prince alone in this manner. But then what would happen to her if her time on land was up and she failed? If she never truly got to thank him. Oh, she had already thanked him politely enough yesterday, but there was a part of Ariel that felt it wasn't enough. But there was no time to run. The guard had opened the door and motioned for Ariel to enter with an irritable flourish of his arm before she could make up her mind to run or flee.
Before entering the darkened chamber, Ariel forced her mouth to stretch into what she hoped was a reassuring smile, to not appear distraught and mysterious. She knew she should look lively, it was expected of the maids who worked here, Molly had informed her on the climb up, and willing to help the Prince to his mood. The guard resumed standing at attention, seemingly uncaring of her, and with a very, very deep breath, Ariel entered the threshold of the man's study.
She breathed a heavy sigh as she slipped through the door and vanished into the darkness, closing the door behind her, bracing herself to come face-to-face with the Prince for the second time.
Her breaths caught in her breath as the Prince was standing by the window with his back facing her as she entered in a simple white linen shirt and black leather breeches and black tall boots.
The Prince turned around, seemingly to be in an irritable mood.
"More wi—" though he was cut off as Ariel shyly held out the tray containing his meal and awkwardly set it upon the desk's surface as she took the tin flagon and refilled his cup, as was expected of her. He straightened his gait immediately and his cheeks flushed as his expression softened. "My—my apologies, I did not e-expect you. It's…Ariel, right?" he asked softly.
She could only smile at that and was grateful her hands were free now which gave her the capability to sign.
Yes, that's right. She was surprised that even the movements of her hands were timid and nervous. She had a hard time controlling the shakes and settled for folding her hands behind her back while she awaited his orders. The Prince turned around to fully face her and motioned for Ariel to occupy the chair across him and between the meal she'd just set down.
Ariel hesitated, biting down on her lip, wondering at the impropriety of what he was suggesting, but as he was her new master, she could only comply.
"How fares my new heath keep?" Eric asked, flashing her a bright white smile that caused a churning in the pit of her stomach.
For a moment, she was so taken aback, she forgot to answer. I...I'm well, Your Highness, thank you, was all she could think of to say to the Prince, swallowing down past a lump in her throat. Ariel shivered as she felt her fingers curl around the edge of her chair. She did her best to not look troubled, though her unease must have been evident in her eyes, for the Prince spoke.
"You don't mind sitting with me while I eat, do you?" he asked kindly, propping his elbows up on the surface of the table and regarding her curiously as he pulled his plate towards him and picked up his fork.
Ariel's eyes widened, startled, and quite alarmed.
You—you don't…overstep your boundaries? She signed hastily with narrowed eyes. Vanessa—she started to sign, but the Prince groaned low in his throat, and she immediately halted her motions.
"She won't know that you kept me company here this morning. I won't tell if you won't," he joked. "And neither will the rest of the staff if they know what's bloody good for them," Prince Eric retorted, a brief flicker of annoyance darting through his sky-blue eyes at just the mention of the Princess's name, but as soon as it had come, it was gone the longer he looked at her.
For a few seconds, her heart seemed to stop beating. I—Your Highness, I can't—we can't—I—I should go— But before she could bolt upright from her chair and flee the premises, too embarrassed and taken aback to sign anymore, the Prince laughed. The sound was truly delightful, one that she wished to hear again and to see him smile.
He really did look better when he was smiling, she mused to herself, though Ariel let a frown cross her features when she realized what she was doing to herself.
Prince Eric held up a hand to stop her from going, and she could again, only comply with her new master's demands.
"Please don't go. Not on my account. I am not asking you for your body, my lady. Merely that you spend a moment of your busy day with me, is all I ask of you. I didn't get a chance to speak with you much yesterday and wanted to see how you were feeling this morning. I do not demand a kiss from you." Though his voice cracked and faltered as he spoke the words, his blush intensifying as he realized the words that poured out of his mouth without him thinking them over first and foremost. The Prince awkwardly turned his head to the side and coughed once to clear his throat, reaching for his cup of wine.
Ariel frowned and started to sign.

  What does that—?

She looked up from her hands, which were resting in her lab, albeit nervously so as she struggled not to play with her fingers to quell the shakes, just in time to see the Prince ripping off a chunk of fish with his fork. Ariel grimaced as she caught a glimpse of the fish's bone. She could not veil her reflexive gasp of disgust that came out as a horrible gag, and looked away, repulsed, swallowing the bile that crept up into her throat. He noticed, and instantly shoved his plate away in hopes of avoiding causing his chambermaid any further distress.
Prince Eric's dark eyebrows rose so far up onto his forehead they almost disappeared into the man's hairline.
The two spent a long, agonizing moment in awkward silence until the Prince spoke up quizzically, curious.
"How is it, my lady, that you are now working in the kitchens alongside the other maids and now lives in Ipswich, a coastal provenience known for fishing but have no stomach for fish?" he asked his chambermaid, smiling.
He had not intended for her to take it as an insult, merely an observation of the bewitching young woman from his dreams of yet another quality that he found to be wonderful about her. Ariel's cheeks reddened at his words as she sharply turned her head away, studying the ground in a far too engrossed manner. Timidness at that moment in the depths below the ocean would have never been questioned in another mermaid, especially not to the face of one of King Triton's daughters.
Was everything about her to be mocked here on land? Eric noticed Ariel's crestfallen and angered reaction, and quickly realized the young woman had mistaken his meaning and cursed himself for it.
"I—I'm not judging, mind you." He stumbled over his words a bit as he tried to correct his mistake. "It isn't the most enjoyable thing to do, b-but…what else would you eat here if not fish?"
Eric gave Ariel a nervous smile that told her he was trying his best in an attempt to know her better.
Ariel's anger at his comment slowly evaporated. Something within King Triton's daughter at that moment caused her to realize that she had no reason not to trust this Prince.
He was understanding and helpful to her thus far, giving her a position here in the castle that served as gainful employment when he could have easily dismissed her and left her to spend her month as a human on the streets. He had saved her life when he could have left her on the beach to drown, and she did not want to seem ungrateful. Ariel supposed it could do her no harm to enlighten him as to the reason for her disgust if she was tactful about not revealing too much.
I don't…eat fish, Your Highness….at least…not much. Ariel started signing slowly, staring past the Prince's shoulder and into the fire roaring in the hearth, somehow trying to burn the horrifying memory she was about to share with the Prince from her mind. … My people only eat fish if we must. When I was a little girl, our people, where we're from, the women…learn how to fight alongside the men. My father said I hesitated while sparring. He took me aside and told me I was not fit to fight alongside our sisters if battle should ever come to our home. Rival m- I mean...clans, Ariel stammered, trying to correct herself, her cheeks burning as she realized she had almost signed merpeople, other tribes, from the Pacific Ocean. Father told me that I was not hard enough. Her gaze grew cloudy and distant as if lost in the past and she could not meet the Prince's pained gaze.
Eric said nothing, but watched her hands' movements intently, hanging onto her every word. He fought against the urge to close his eyes and imagine what her voice would sound like, if Ariel could talk.
To harden me to prepare me to fight, he gave me a new duty. She swallowed hard but continued. My duty for six months was to kill any fish that were…damaged and gut them. Father told me they wouldn't survive anyway and were food for the orcas.
She closed her eyes as if the thought alone was too disturbing for her to face now.
Seeing his hearth keep's pain, Eric stirred. He itched to get up from his chair and move closer to the woman, wishing to ease her hurt somehow.
Ariel did not see Eric flinch or the way one of his eyes gave a spasmodic twitch of discomfort as he waged war with his body not to go to her side, but instead carried on with her recollection.
I don't think I've ever cried so hard in my life as I did that day. By the end of the day, I was covered in blood, and I was lucky I wasn't killed, she signed, though she left out the part of how she and three of her sisters had very narrowly avoided the jaws of death when the scent of blood attracted two fully grown adult Great White Sharks. She stiffened and fell silent, unable to continue signing.
Eric frowned, able to see how this strange retelling of a moment from her past was paining his new chambermaid. Her breaths were coming to her in shallow waves, and she gasped as she signed in hurried motions with her hands, furiously blinking her lids, as though she were fighting back tears. Though after a moment to compose herself, Ariel pressed forward.
The Prince had asked her to tell him why, and she would, no matter how painful.
But since then, I've never hesitated like that ever again, sire. Her fists clenched around the edges of the chair to steady herself. I've never flinched when my sisters or I came up against an enemy, she quietly explained, hoping he would understand.
"Your sisters sound like remarkable young women. Fierce and protective. You're lucky to have a family that cares about you so much that they want you to be able to protect yourself," he admitted, a pained look flitting across his face as he thought of his parents. Briefly, he wondered what they would think of this woman. If his parents would like her. He smiled, hoping to put Ariel's mind at ease somehow. "I would fight alongside you, any day if given the chance. If I'm being perfectly honest, I admire a woman with a fierce spirit in her. You've proven you've one. You learned to protect yourself, not only for you but your family and your people as well. It's an admirable trait to have, milady. Don't let anybody else tell you anything differently," Eric murmured thoughtfully, a pensive look resting across the man's chiseled, pale, and handsome features.
Ariel shook her head, trying to send the images of the long-ago traumatic event from her mind as if the Prince's quiet and mild-mannered voice brought her back to the present. Even as Eric allowed himself to smile at the images of this young woman's bravery running through his mind, Ariel looked away to hide the embarrassment now forming in her eyes.
Ariel had not meant to be so candid, to give so much of herself away to the master of the castle. Understanding her discomfort and the amount of bravery that it must be taking her to divulge such a painful memory, the Prince strode from his chair, unable to sit still any longer, and rested a hand gingerly on the young woman's shoulder, hoping it wasn't too forward.
She flinched and nearly bolted from her chair, but somehow, the tempered strength of the Prince's grip seemed to calm her, for which he was grateful. Eric wished he could convey to Ariel how much he hated the monsters that forced her to endure such torment as a young child. No little girl should ever have to be put through that, and if he were so fortunate as to be blessed with a daughter one day, he vowed she would not grow up knowing such hurt. He wanted to tell his hearth keep that he would find the people responsible and hang them, if that was what she wanted of him, he'd do it.
He thought he would cross the four oceans if she would but smile at him.
"I'm sorry they did that to you," was all he said quietly to her, and reluctantly let go of Ariel's shoulder.
Her eyes now glistening with stifled tears, Ariel lifted her face to his to find the same sorrow at her torment there.
A part of her was so overwhelmed at the Prince's empathy for her, that all she wanted to do was to lose herself in the deep blue pools that were his eyes. The part of her that won, however, was that which wanted to crawl away and hide. Ariel snapped herself back to her usual stoicism as the air between the two of them clamped, causing her lungs to burn, rendering her feeling rather dizzy and lightheaded. She hid her emotions as quickly as she had allowed them to breach the surface.
Well, I… Ariel awkwardly announced uncomfortably as she forced herself to stand, making her wooden chair's legs scrape loudly across the stone floor. I should…it's—it's getting late, to-see-to see to my other chores for the day, Your Majesty. If you don't need me for anything else, I'd better go. The other maid Molly is likely wondering where I am. I'm sure to be missed if I don't head downstairs, Highness. She backed away from the chair as if the piece of furniture were on fire, suddenly looking nervous and unable to meet the Prince's pained gaze. Ariel made to turn on her heels, though she quickly remembered her courtesies and added, Thank you, Your Highness, for letting me keep you company while you eat. I hope you found it to your liking. Ariel bashfully turned her head to eye the flustered Prince from the corner of her lowered gaze, watching as the Prince nervously ran a hand through his already tousled black hair in anxiety. And…for listening to me. You're the first I've told that story to, Your Highness, Ariel added, truly grateful, but overcome with awkwardness, not knowing how to react.
Before Eric could answer, Ariel fled the room without any acknowledgment, leaving the Prince watching her go, and Ariel's steps quickening, wrapped in fear of the way the Prince's eyes interestedly followed her to the exit.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 7
ERIC stood rooted to his spot, only able to stare after the space in the doorway where lovely Ariel had stood only moments before. He considered what he'd learned of his chambermaid from their entirely too short conversation. He had wanted in his mind more time to linger but had not wanted to keep her from her duties and had let her go.He sighed and drained the remaining wine from his cup. Every new piece that was adding to the story of this incredible woman made him want to know her even more. How could that be happening? How could total perfection be improved upon, he wondered with a frown. Ariel must seem to know some magic secret because it seemed to him that every time he laid eyes on her, it felt as though his heart would burst from his chest from how much he wished he weren't marrying Vanessa.He had truly tried to forget the woman from his dreams. He had spent so many a sleepless night tossing and turning, staring numbly up at the ceiling, battling to chase this beautiful siren from the sea from his thoughts. It was no good. Eric would go to his grave belonging to her. Then, there it was, what he had wanted most in the world being handed to him by the sea.He was beginning to wonder if perhaps old Lottie had been right, if the gods had given this girl as a gift.She bore a remarkable likeness to the siren with the angelic singing voice from his dreams.The physical resemblance between them was uncanny, but it still troubled Eric more than it should that Ariel could not physically speak. He wondered how it had happened, if she had been born with this affliction, or what had happened to cause her to be this way.How could he possibly learn more about her when she would not even speak to him and seemed reluctant to do so?The Prince stood lost in thought, his brows furrowed in a troubled frown. His body instinctively began to react to inappropriate thoughts of his new chambermaid, and he forced himself to lose his imaginings on wonders about her. He was glad that Ariel had shared her memory with him earlier.She had spoken of clans, but clans from where? From the Highlands of Scotland, perhaps? It would explain her lovely and luscious red hair. He almost smiled to himself but then thought of the details of the memory she had shared with him fresh in his mind, and his smile faltered and fell off his face like water falling over rocks.It was painful, but at least it was a connection. Perhaps something to build upon. Eric wondered what other experiences had shaped her into the young, vivacious, and intelligent woman he knew his hearth keep to be. Eric's mind had wandered unbidden to thoughts of imagining a life with Ariel instead of the Princess when a soft rapping sounded on the panel of the door to his study. Roused from his imaginings, and his mood instantly soured as he bristled at the interruption, he heaved a frustrated sigh and crossed the door to answer whomever it was that might be on the other side.If it was Vanessa, he was more than prepared to send her away, not in the mood for the vain woman's company right now. He had heard the horrible ruckus the Princess had caused regarding Max and would have to have a talk with her about it.The Prince begrudgingly opened the entry to his solar only wide enough to peer out at whoever it was that was calling on him. He was pleasantly surprised to find that it was not Vanessa as he had been anticipating and steeling himself for, but Grimsby, the old man standing patiently on the other side, wringing his hands together."Grims," Eric gasped, worried that perhaps something was wrong, as this was about the time his Head of House barricaded himself behind the door of his own solar and remained unmoving at his desk for the next several hours while he pored over various parchment papers that pertained to the estate's finances. "What's wrong? Has something happened? Is it Lottie?" he questioned, unable to keep the concern from his voice, fearing the worst. "What...what can I do for you?" he asked quietly.He feared that perhaps Carlotta, the stubborn old biddy that she was, had taken it too far and had fallen down a flight of stairs during a flare-up of her lumbago and was refusing to rest.Grimsby, however, smiled warmly and held up his hand to quell his master's fears."Please forgive my intrusion, young master," he apologized, peering over the Prince's shoulder, and was relieved to learn that the master of the castle was alone. His gaze grew less guarded watching the young man whom he had helped to raise almost from infancy and his chest swelled and puffed in pride at what a fine young man he was today.He would make a great ruler to his people once he was crowned and wed.Grimsby sighed and continued. "I did not mean to alarm you, or to trouble you, Your Majesty. There is nothing amiss," he assured Eric. "Might I speak with you?" he asked pleasantly, though Eric's senses were on high alert as his tone was guarded."Of course." The Prince answered dutifully. "Please, won't you come in?" Eric stood back, allowing Grimsby into his solar. Grimsby strode respectfully towards the hearth and studied the glowing embers as Eric closed the door. He waited at a proper distance for Grimsby to say what was on his mind. His Head of House turned slowly on his heels, and though the man wore a brave face, Eric was quick to pick up on the fact that he could sense an almost nervous reluctance within him.Grimsby held his own hands tightly in front of him, attempting not to allow them to tremble in nervousness. He feared how Eric would take the news that he had to impart that he received. Eric cleared his throat to end the awkward silence that settled between them and motioned towards the chair where only moments before, Ariel had occupied."Would you care to sit?" he offered kindly, trying to remain calm, as Grimsby inclined his head, grateful for the offer, and sat.Grimsby frowned as he lifted his gaze and looked towards the Prince now sitting glumly in his chair on the opposite side of his desk. He looked like a ghost, with how the darkening circles under his eyes were becoming more prominent and paler, to say nothing of his sunken in cheekbones."The Princess's parents will be arriving within the next few days to assist their daughter in preparations for your wedding, Your Highness. I thought perhaps you might take the time to give them a tour of the city, providing Vanessa would allow that. It would be good for you to explore the city, to tear yourself away from this room and the library downstairs," he commented dryly, hoping that his young master would take the not-so-subtle hint that he thought Eric to be becoming too seclusion. "I had been hearing of your seclusion and as your Head of House, young master, it is poor form to allow this behavior to continue. I would be remiss if I did not advise you that offering the Princess's parents a tour of our city would be good for you. Have you talked to her?" Grimsby asked curiously and basked in the silence of the deaf Prince who was as good as a second son to him across the room from him. The only sound that rang in his ears was the sound of the waves crashing against the cliffside that emanated from in through the open window the Prince preferred to keep open in times of good weather.Grimsby curiously eyed the food on the young master's breakfast plate, the food, good strips of bacon, bread, a wedge of cheese, and two hard-boiled eggs, and a platter of fish cold and untouched. The only thing that seemed to rouse Eric was the chalice he now held in between his fingers, the rim of his goblet hovering between his lips."I suppose not, or if you had, it didn't go so well and that was the cause of the ruckus the maids heard…" Grimsby tiredly sighed as he dabbed at his mouth with his kerchief, the wrinkles on his temples creasing deeper in the dim light of his solar.Eric's mouth pursed as he flinched and shook his head no silently by way of response to Grimsby's query posed.His eyes were now accustomed to a look of indifference, but Grimsby was not about to be fooled. He caught the glint of sadness within the Prince's icy-blue depths by the way the lad blinked twice. He wanted to talk the boy out of this growing and thick obsession with the young woman he had pulled back from the brink of death, yes, he wanted that.He wanted to know what colors painted the misery in Eric's eyes.But nor did Grimsby want the customary awkwardness that would surely fall on him when he would feel the anger surge when Eric would balk at his wedding, though as prince of these lands, it was expected he marry, and marry well.Were this new woman, this Ariel, of royal blood, then perhaps there was a chance for Eric's happiness, but considering her lineage could not be proven, then the master could not have her. Not in the way he suspected he wanted her.Grimsby sighed, tiredly, and pinched at the bridge of his slightly hooked nose with his thumb and his forefinger."You should do what you can to make ends meet with Princess Vanessa, Your Grace. Appeasing her parents is a good first start. It would solidify the relations between our nations. Trust me, young master, it is one thing to marry a wife, but another entirely to keep her happy, and the in-laws," he chuckled, his attempt at a joke falling flat with the master. Grimsby knew the instant the words left his mouth that his words had hit their mark, as Eric immediately lifted his gaze to him.Just the mention of Vanessa's name had the Prince acting like the smell of blood on a snarling hound. Grimsby could surely sense the revolt for the young woman Eric was nursing against Vanessa, but if Eric wanted to prove to him first and foremost that he wasn't stupid, that his years of raising him weren't for naught, then he had better embrace the offer and—Though Eric interjected, effectively pulling the Head of House from his thoughts."You've made your point, Grims, crystal clear, in fact, ser," Eric demanded, sternly. "If you would please excuse me, I think I need….air before seeing to the rest of my duties…" With that, the Prince ended his Head of House's desperate plea.Everything within him wanted to remain and argue his point, that this marriage would benefit both of their realms, that Eric would be a fool to pass up the opportunity, even if the Princess's mannerisms and behavior left much to be desired, that he could not marry his hearth keep, lovely as the sunrise though the girl was. But Grimsby realized it would do no good.Grimsby rose from his chair, shoulders slumped forward in defeat. He could see that no amount of pressing or cajoling would change his mind. He felt as though he had failed the Prince's father, a childhood friend of his growing up when he had promised the boy's parents, both of them, shortly before they had set out on a voyage to travel to Russia to attend a czar's wedding having been invited, that he would care for Eric, should anything happen to them both.Nevertheless, he conceded to the young master's request, knowing when his counsel was not wanted from Eric."Your Highness," he murmured lowly with a nod of his head, and then turned on his heels and fled the man's solar in a sense of utter disappointment.Eric stood watching him for a moment, unable to find his breath. Just as his heart began to shatter and the bile inched its way up the back of his throat at the thought of making the insufferable Princess of Chales his wife, Eric once again forced himself to chase thoughts of Vanessa from his mind. He forced a deep breath and snapped his attention back to the matter at hand, the much more pleasant image in his mind of his lovely new hearth keep, wanting to think of Ariel instead of Vanessa.As his heart rate finally slowed as he processed the fact that the King and Queen of Chales were visiting his realm, against his wishes, his mind traveled to a place where he fought it. He wondered what his life would be like if he were marrying Ariel instead. She was certainly a far cry prettier than Vanessa. Kinder too, if not a bit timid. What if there were no need for his marriage to be legitimate in the eyes of the law if the rights to his own life had truly been his from the day he was born? Had his parents not died, would they perhaps have been more lenient than Grimsby was as it pertained to his choice of a bride? Would his parents have allowed Eric to marry whomever he chose, regardless of the girl's status in society?He frowned and shook his head to himself. It was useless to contemplate things that could never happen.His anger cooled, but longing gripped at his heart like a vice.He gave out a frustrated sigh and ran a hand through his hair before heading out the door. Already, his hearth keep was becoming a problem. He needed to see her—his savior, he recalled, from his dreams. She was, in a strange way, his guardian angel for a while, when his knees in his dreams turned to water and every bit of him exploited. His nerves were wrecked and a mess at thoughts of his wedding, but he already knew he wanted Ariel. He needed to take a whiff of his drug.And thus, before he could let his mind dwell on more of his life's defeat if he let himself marry Vanessa, he fled down the corridor and down the grand staircase, his mind racing fast with so many new possibilities.THE rest of her day passed her by in an endless blur. She responded little to the conversation from the other maids but scarcely knew what was being said or even what signs her hands were forming when someone who knew how to communicate in this way with her would form. She was given no audience with the Prince again, and by the grace of the gods, she had not laid eyes on Princess Vanessa once. She had heard her spoken of in passing, however, as she went about the rest of her chores as she watched and listened to Molly intently as the young blonde maid instructed Ariel diligently on the rest of her duties. Vanessa did this, Vanessa made Violet or Tandy do that for her, she had sent her lunch back to the kitchens twice, not satisfied with it, and had nearly given Louis a heart attack when his delectable French cuisine was not 'good enough.'Each time Ariel caught snippets of the conversation, her cheeks burned red as she recalled how the Princess had looked at her the other day, looking at her with what Triton's youngest daughter could only describe as venom in her eyes, labeling her. She could not explain away why she felt humiliated anytime thoughts of the Prince's fiancée would worm their way unwanted into her mind, but she felt the feeling burgeoning in her chest and causing it to constrict all the same.It was a complicated feeling, but she decided to accept it rather than understand it and decided going forward to follow the maids' advice and stay out of Vanessa's way as much as possible if Ariel could at all help it.She chewed on her lips, wondering what her family thought of her if they worried for her at all, and what they surely must think of her following her betrayal. Was this deal of Ursula's worth it? Ariel had not anticipated that the Prince would have been engaged to another upon begging this of her aunt, but now that she learned he was, it was not her place to interfere.Considering she had four weeks on land, well, less than that now as one of her days was spent recuperating from the aftereffects of her transformation, she would simply have to make the best of her time on land, and perhaps she could glean enough knowledge on the human race and their world that she could take back to her father and his counsel, to plead with them to consider ending the millennia's-long war between the land folk and the sea.Ariel had already decided that, should she encounter the Prince again, she would be kind and gracious enough, but she would remain completely aloof, for as long as Prince Eric remained engaged to the Princess. She was certain that would send the correct message. Honestly, though it pained her to have to behave in this way, she knew of no other way.She tried not to notice how Prince Eric's gaze had born a hole straight through her, or the way he had smiled at her.She frowned and shook her head to herself, trying to rid the image from her. Ariel moved as swiftly and quietly as she could through the bottommost floor of the castle, heading towards the courtyards, needing fresh air to help her think.Molly would likely no doubt be able to slip past everyone unseen, as the others here in the castle were accustomed to the blonde maid's presence and barely took notice of the girl, but she was not so lucky. She was already the subject of gossip.She'd caught a few guards eyeing her backside interestedly when they thought her not to be paying attention, as Princess Vanessa had warned her they would, and had heard the murmured comments of jealousy under a few of the maids' breaths about her auburn-red hair, how it wasn't a color one typically was accustomed to seeing in these parts. Her legs moved on their own accord, while her brain ordered her to turn back and barricade herself in the relative safety of her chambers.If she were found standing alone in the Prince's courtyard, what would people think? It would put her in danger.She blinked owlishly when she came to stand in the courtyard and found herself not alone, though what met her eyes was easily the strangest creature she had seen during her time on land yet. Ariel opened her mouth to voice her concern, but as expected, nothing came out. She halted in her tracks, her blood freezing to ice in her veins, hoping that whatever sort of creature this was, that it meant her no harm. The largest, sturdiest beast she had ever seen was stalking her path.Its fur was coated with strange colorations of white and grey. Even on all fours, it stood almost as tall as she was. Its paws that it walked on were as big as the washbasins the maids inside used.The strange creature sniffed and pawed at the ground along which she was walking and now swiftly retreating in an attempt to get away from it, though the beast hastened its gait as it moved closer towards her, wagging its tail.Finally, the beast seemed to realize that Ariel was directly in front of it and backed against the stone wall of the well that the maids fetched buckets of water for cleaning and to take to the kitchens for Louis to use in his cooking throughout the day.It looked up, sniffed the air, and stared at her, curiosity in its huge round black eyes. Ariel pressed herself as close to the well behind her as she could and squeezed her eyes shut, turning her head to the side, and waiting inevitably for the feeling of its bared teeth as it started to growl lowly in its throat to sink into the flesh of her hand.But that moment for the princess never came.When she had recovered some courage and peeked open one eyelid, slowly turning her head to face the front to see what was going on, she was alarmed to see the creature's tail was wagging, its body lowered in somewhat of a playful stance.She couldn't be sure, but she almost thought that it was…smiling at her.She smiled at the sight of the playful creature, whatever this happened to be. Ariel was secretly glad she did not lose her footing, which, she almost did lose as she lowered into a crouch, so she was at eye level with the playful thing and shakily stretched out a hand to touch at the creature's black snout, to which it licked her hand eagerly, its tail wagging ferociously.Aren't you just the most handsome thing, she thought in her impossible telepathy, wondering if it could hear her.She let her amused eyes follow its movements and very nearly jumped when it barked hoarsely a few times at her, its chest puffing in pride as Ariel raked her hands through its matted and tangled fur, thinking a good combing would do it wonders.She soothed the creature as she patted its mane, wondering who its master was. A voice coming from behind her startled her, and nearly caused her to bolt to her feet, a silent startled cry was ripped from her lips."Careful now, miss, that's Max, the Prince's dog, he hasn't been fed since this morning, and he can get pretty cranky when hungry. Vanessa found that out the hard way, mind your fingers if I was you, lass," a man's voice called out heartily.Ariel steadily lifted her gaze and found herself staring into the face of a stocky broad blond man. Angular defined muscles rippled beneath his open linen shirt, his thick strong arms looked surprisingly comforting as he knelt into a slight crouch and gave the creature an affectionate scritch on its ears, to which the creature responded with a series of barks and a tail wag.Her curious gaze flicked from the creature she now knew to be called Max, and then back up to the tall man who had spoken to her just now and her smile widened and the twinkling sheen sparkled behind her blue eyes as she came to understand this was what a dog must look like and had been the same creature responsible for ruining the hem of the Princess's dress earlier.Suddenly, Ariel felt an inexplicable surge of affection well in her chest for the dog and wondered if she could sneak it a treat from the kitchens at her next available opportunity for his brave act of defiance to the Princess."My name is Kasper, my lady, a…friend of Molly's. I don't know if you know this, but the Prince's Heads of House are my parents. You must be Ariel, I thought that was you by your hair, Molly told me you was the one with auburn hair. I know you can't talk, so please don't try to strain yourself in talking with your hands, I can't understand it anyway, but I mean you no harm, neither does Max here, he's gentle enough," he muttered in a jovial sounding voice as he ran a tanned hand through his blond hair as he faintly smiled at her, watching her sign her name anyway and ignoring his words as she rose to her feet.My name is Ariel. Though no sooner had she finished signing her name than Max had begun to stir, baring his teeth in a low vicious growl, and it wasn't because of the low rumbling thunder in the distance that promised a storm, but of the company flowing in the courtyard. Kasper was almost disturbed to have sensed the prickling on the lovely new maid's skin.It was as if Molly's new friend Ariel knew the people looking at them without turning to look around to lay eyes on them.They turned to meet the gazes of two people, one with a long and callous face, a guard named Brutus whom Kasper had never taken a liking to, not liking the way Brutus tended to follow Molly when he thought she wasn't looking. Brutus was covered in long black hair from head to shoulder, to match the dark leathers that he wore.And the other was, of course, the Princess of Chales, Vanessa herself.Princess Vanessa was looking at the pair of them and Max plainly and staidly, having changed her clothes into a rich red velvet flowing gown embroidery with gold on the bodice to form the shape of a fearsome dragon.Kasper was the first to move as he bowed in mesmerized acknowledgment."Your Highness," he murmured lowly, never taking his eyes off the Princess, seeing with disdain how her eyes narrowed. The Princess he addressed gave a curt nod in return, and when the Princess's eyes moved towards Ariel and the Prince's scruffy Old English Sheepdog, Max, her straight lips reformed to a smile, but it was obvious to everyone present that it was false."I thank you for keeping the lady Ariel company, it's…Kasper, right? The son of the Prince's two Heads of Household?" she asked in a bored and listless voice that sounded to Ariel like she did not care about this man at all, this friend of the Prince's, and only continued speaking when Carlotta and Grimsby's adult son nodded, his blond brows furrowed in a slight frown as he took in the jealousy in the Prince's bride's glower. "The Prince's hearth keep seems quite lonely sometimes. My new servant needs people to help her get used to the strangeness of her…new home." She turned her head slowly towards Ariel.A peculiar smirk tugged the edges of the Princess's thin lips upward as she regarded Ariel with a curious stare that the Prince's new chambermaid was not at all sure what to make of.She could not help the chill that ran down her spine as Princess Vanessa smiled at her in this disturbing way of hers Ariel knew she'd not learned somewhere, it was a facet of who she was. There was a sort of craziness in her pale green eyes.The interactions Ariel had shared with Vanessa so far had been brief and thank gods for that. Though they were more than enough to make her feel uneasy whenever in the Princess's company.Something in Vanessa made Ariel cringe, and she could not quite put her finger on why that was. She did not know exactly what it was, the slightly crazed gaze, the way that people behaved so timidly around Vanessa, or the peculiar sense of unease she was so good at evoking without having to try. Perhaps it was all of that combined. It was hard for her to say.The Princess spoke after a moment of tense silence, shattering the awkwardness that existed between them and very nearly making Ariel jump. She spoke to the young man with her head inclined and fingers clasped in front of her middle.Her tone was clipped and curt, suggesting that she was rapidly losing her patience with her audience."There is no need to wait, Kasper, Eric's maid is in... good hands. If you could please leave us alone, I would like to speak to the lady by myself for a moment and know her better. I do not intend to take up much of the Prince's chambermaid's time this evening. A moment alone is all I require, nothing more and nothing less than that," Vanessa said, lifting her gaze to look towards her personal guard Brutus and then towards Kasper.Anxiety started to grow within Ariel at hearing the Princess's words. The way she'd said it just now made her nervous.Vanessa spun on the heels of her boots with her arms spread out, smiling to herself as though she had just told a lovely joke. The Princess's guard motioned with a curt jerk of his head towards Kasper for the man to follow him from the courtyard, and together, with Max trailing dejectedly behind, they left the garden. Ariel was almost amused to see the dog pause as it lingered in the doorpost of the entryway that would take it through the servants' quarters and by the kitchens."Alone at last," Princess Vanessa turned to Ariel again and Ariel felt her heart rate speed up and her breaths quicken.A voice in her head told her this was a horrible idea, urging her to turn on her heels and flee, but she knew she needed to see it to the end. Prince Eric's fiancée or not, she would not allow her life to be dictated by fear of this woman, simply because the Princess was harboring some grudge, for which she had no reason to.Ariel slowly signed with her hands, not sure what else she could do.How do you like it here in the Prince's castle? Ariel asked Vanessa, pretending to be curious, pretending that she was alright with the way the Princess was looking at her, even though she knew she certainly wasn't.Every cord in her body was pulled tight and tense, she was more than prepared to flee if the situation called for it.She could only hope the Princess meant her no harm with whatever conversation she seemed to want to have, though it only occurred to Ariel that she was not in the mood for company, particularly not with her.Nevertheless, she could not turn her back on the lady, so she stayed still."It's rather refreshing, I admit," Vanessa murmured as she tossed her long dark hair off her shoulders and tapped her chin thoughtfully as she looked towards the darkening sky for a moment before looking back at Ariel. A morbid flame appeared in her eyes as she gazed fixedly at the Prince's maid, smiling widely, though the gesture was more of a twisted grimace.Vanessa's simpering honey-sweet smile slid off her face the longer she gazed at Ariel and turned so that her back was parading Ariel. The Princess inhaled, huffing in indignation as she toyed with a lock of her dark hair, but she still refused to face the object of the Prince's attention."But I did not seek you out to discuss the castle. There's...something I wish to know. How long have you had it?" She spoke to Ariel in a voice that could almost be described as a growl, as she eyed Ariel curiously out of the corner of her lowered gaze.Ariel swallowed a lump in her throat and cautiously signed, trying, and failing to quell the shakes in her hands. Have…what? Have what, I…don't understand? Ariel asked, quietly and confused, as she felt her heart drop to the pit of her stomach.Vanessa dared to raise her thinly plucked eyebrows at the Prince's hearth keep as she scowled. "Don't play coy with me. You've possessed it all along. You've stolen something very near and dear to me. Something that I fear I shall never get back now." Vanessa leaned over the well and exhaled a shuddering breath, her knuckles white and gripping onto the edge.For one horrible ugly moment, Ariel felt a strange seeping pressure in her chest, a shift within her normally sweet personality as something dark festered in her heart as she had a vision of the Princess toppling to the bottom of the well and cracking her skull wide open once Vanessa hit the bottom and dying a painful and slow death. Her eyes widening with disgust at her thoughts, she shook her head to herself and tried to rid her mind of the notion, difficult though it was for her to do.Vanessa finally turned around and faced the siren, causing Ariel to recoil and instinctively take a step backward.In the short time, she had become acquainted with the vain Princess, she had never seen Vanessa look so furious as the woman was right now. Taking another nervous and faltering step back, Ariel raised her hands in front of herself and defensively grabbed hold of the skirts of her dress, as though she thought that might prevent an assault against her now.I—I don't know what you're talking about! She frantically signed, her skittish eyes looking about nervously to the left and right, hoping for any signs of escape, and there was none. None that she could see, anyway.With that, Vanessa took one more large step forward so that the Princess had now closed off the gap of space that existed between them and had backed Ariel against the wall. "I'm speaking of his heart. I suppose I should have expected this."Pressing herself as far back as she could against the cold stone wall of the castle's courtyard until she felt the hard stones digging into the back of the material of her dress, Ariel hastily raised her hands in front of herself again, swallowing a lump in her throat.Expected what? Ariel frantically asked, desperately. You're blinded by jealousy, Your Highness. I wish that you could hear yourself, Vanessa, how ridiculous you sound. There is nothing there between the Prince and me, I can give you my word, Ariel signed, noticing how the Princess bristled when Ariel purposefully left out her title, judging by the way she gnashed her teeth.Vanessa shoved Ariel then, not as hard as she likely could have, but hard enough that she winced in pain."There's nothing you can say to me, Ariel. You've stolen the item most precious to me, you've no excuse."Please listen to me! Ariel frantically signed, feeling her breaths become more frantic after Vanessa shoved her. She wasn't hurt, but the fact that the Prince's bride had lashed out at her physically just now was more than a little unsettling, and even more unsettling was the fact that the older woman had first ensured that the two of them were alone and in an enclosed space. And she lacked her voice to call for help if help was needed, and right now, Ariel suspected that it might be."I have no such obligation to listen to you! You're nothing, wench, you—you must be lower than dirt that's stuck to the bottom of my shoe if you think you can tell me what to do! You should have stayed dead, Eric should have left you there on that beach to drown and choke to death!" Vanessa all but screamed at Ariel as she pushed the siren again, harder this time.Ariel winced as she squeezed her eyes shut. She was breathing even harder now as her eyes shot open and she could only stare in shock and confusion at the darkened and furious eyes of the Princess as Vanessa stared defiantly right back. She glanced nervously towards the entrance. Surely, a passing servant within could hear the Princess's angry shouts.Would anyone even come to her aid if she needed it if things were out of hand?The door looked heavy, maybe even able to keep in sound. Perhaps no one could hear them. And Vanessa had openly stated in front of Kasper and her guard, Brutus, that she had wanted to speak to Ariel alone. Would anyone dare interrupt the Princess during a private meeting? She doubted it, though the idea brought the heat to her cheeks.I know you're angry, Ariel signed in as calm a manner as she could manage. But everything is fine, I— Vanessa interjected Ariel's efforts to smooth the situation over by shoving her again, this time harder, that the back of her skull connected with the bricks of the castle with a loud thud. The jolt knocked the breath out of her burning lungs."Everything will NOT be fine! You have betrayed me!" Vanessa shouted, shoving Ariel again just as soon as the chambermaid had regained her balance from the last hard shove the Princess had dealt her.Ariel inhaled a shaking breath as she stared at the Princess looming in front of her. Vanessa stood in front of the doorway that led back into the castle and was now effectively blocking her exit.I think I'll go now, Your Highness, Ariel quietly suggested, cautiously side-stepping against the wall as she inched her way away from the seething mortal woman, eager to put as much distance between herself and Vanessa as she could. Why don't you stay out here as long as you need to? Collect yourself. I would tell the other servants to come to you at a later hour if that's what you would prefer. Excuse me…As Ariel slowly continued to inch her way along the wall, a vent of adrenaline pushing her to the exit, Vanessa remained silent. Perhaps she just needed time to calm down, and Ariel figured her company would not do the Princess any good right now. But before she could escape the room and her angry future monarch if she managed to find a way to stay human, the older woman's hand shot out towards her without any warning. Her fingers wound harshly around her wrist as she pulled Ariel back, roughly slamming her against the cold wall. Ariel could only whimper as she was harshly dragged in front of the Princess, who stared at her with narrowed eyes and a look of pure venom that the mermaid could only describe as hatred.She squeezed her eyes shut as the Princess's grip around her wrist tightened, hard enough to break the delicate appendage. She very nearly cried out in pain, though, of course, no sound would come out, as she swore she heard a sickening popping sound, and a white-hot flaring jolt of agony shot up and down the length of her wrist, arm, and to her toes.Ariel had to fight hard to suppress a sob at this point, though slick tears were gathering at the edges of her eyes. Vanessa was holding onto her now dislocated if not broken wrist with such harshness and dragging Ariel along faster than the turned mermaid could keep with as she panicked. Ariel was barely even making any move to walk.Vanessa simply dragged her onward as she strode into the castle, with Ariel forced to stumble along behind the Princess like a slave whose wrists were bound by chains, sometimes tripping over her own feet, but always remaining off the ground, as Vanessa harsh hands kept her from losing her balance and falling, even when she stumbled and feared to fall.Before Vanessa could lead her down a darkened hallway that could not possibly spell anything good for her, from somewhere behind them a door burst open and every grip on her body subsided, leaving Ariel alone and limp.She fell to the floor, her legs unable to bear her body's weight any longer, her body violently trembling as she closed her eyes."Your Highness, I…"As she listened to Vanessa's now-panicked voice, Ariel felt as though she were in some kind of a trance, her heart racing so quickly, she feared she might explode in her chest, her breathing was shallow, and her ears filled with the rushing of her blood. Curiously, she looked up in her tear-filled haze of pain to see exactly what had befallen and who had saved her.Prince Eric stood in the open door, with Kasper and his dog trailing close behind him, and glared at his bride in a way that could have killed through the sheer force of his gaze, those narrowed dagger eyes that would have had the Princess pinned if he'd had the ability. Eric did not seem as agitated as a normal human being should be given the situation, but there was something different in the Prince's features. Perhaps it was his kind of fury, or maybe disappointment.Carlotta, Grimsby, and Molly emerged from the servants' corridor a moment later, and once they saw Ariel kneeling on her knees with her injured hand cradled close to her breast and her head lowered, they rushed across the hallway to stand before their master and see what was going on."Young Master," Grimsby questioned with a furrowed and confused brow. "Is everything alright? What on earth is the matter?" The Head of House's eyes trailed from the Prince's and then flicked downward to meet Ariel's large, tear-filled, and frightened eyes as she swallowed down hard but did not sign.Anything more she said at this point would likely only stoke the fires of Vanessa's fury within her further and make her even more upset with her, so she elected to offer nothing as a reply.Ariel noticed Molly's facial expression shifting from concern to sympathy as her wide sky-blue eyes met Ariel's, and she then exchanged a look with Kasper. No doubt she had visible tears in her eyes and trailing down her face.Ariel grimaced, wishing the other members of the Prince's household, to say nothing of the Prince himself, had not seen her like this. She wished none of them had, this was not the way a daughter of Triton behaved.The Prince ignored Grimsby and instead fixed his cold, hard gaze on the Princess, who all but wilted under the judgmental scrutiny of Eric's glower. "Don't even speak to me, Vanessa. Leave." The case was similar to his voice, which was hoarse.Still just as calm as ever, but somehow, more menacing than Ariel had ever heard. But still, watching Vanessa's face twist in dread and fear of whatever was to come next brought Ariel a sickening sense of delight within her."I will deal with you later," he growled, and sharply turned away from Vanessa and motioned for her to go. Vanessa did not need to be told twice. She turned on the heels of her boots and disappeared up the stairwell, though not before casting one final look of loathing towards Ariel as she peered at her over her shoulder, her eyes teeming with hatred and ire.Ariel immediately looked away with disgust but tried to keep her gaze fixated on Vanessa until the woman's form had disappeared around the bend once she reached the second floor of the castle. The nightmare was over, and she'd managed to stay in one piece. Yet she did not feel saved, though everything in her clenched in fear.Ariel felt the Prince coming closer and saw him extend his hand to help her stand. She stared at it for a while, unsure whether or not her legs with the way they were shaking so badly would even hold her.Eric waited for a moment and then changed his approach, frowning slightly, as he lifted her on his own, his hands underneath her arms. Ariel involuntarily shuddered at his touch, almost opposing it, and didn't like it."You're safe now," he murmured, leading her towards a chair that was pushed up against the wall. She did not want his touch, she did not want anything at this moment except for the human world to leave her alone, for once in her life. "Are you hurt, Ariel?"Ariel gazed at him briefly before collapsing onto the chair, the question sounding more foolish than ever before. She almost signed in a curt way to indicate her annoyed mood before some reason came back to her.Calm down, she scolded herself. He's only being kind. He just wants to help.It occurred to her that she owed him an answer. No. Not much. You got here on time, she signed reluctantly after a moment.He looked at her in silence for a moment, looking like he did not believe her words. Ariel tried to put on some mask of gratitude or relief, or force herself to thank the Prince, but she was not able to. Her body still shivered, the horrors vivid in her mind. Thank the gods her eyes were dry, she did not wish to have the master of the castle witness her tears, either.Ariel just gazed blankly at the Prince for a while, unable to function. Finally, she swallowed all the bile still in her throat and looked up at the Prince, trying to convey just the right amount of gratitude, relief, and horror. In a way, embarrassing though it was, she knew she should be truly grateful. If the Prince had not come when he had... she shuddered at the thought.Thank you. It was all she had the strength left to sign, everything she could utter at the moment. He had likely saved her from a fate worse than death, and for that, she was grateful.Eric acknowledged it with a small nod, a muscle in his jaw twitching."Vanessa won't be bothering you anymore, Ariel. I—I'm sorry," he stammered as he observed her, a pained look flitting across his face.What will you do? Her hands still shook as she tried to form the words.She discovered she still didn't have much control over her body, as it continued to shake, prepared for another assault from the Princess."I will talk to Vanessa, first thing."She almost huffed and rolled her eyes in indignation. Talking will be enough?"Yes. It will," he answered firmly.She realized she would not get anything more specific out of Eric.Sensing the Prince was not yet convinced that she was well, she tried again.I'm alright, Your Highness. You are…sweet to worry about me. She breathed out a shaking breath and forced her mouth to mold into a smile, though it felt disingenuous. If a bit light-headed and a little embarrassed.Eric vehemently shook his head."No, Ariel," he told her firmly, his tone impatient. "You don't apologize here. Not for this and not for anything, ever. Vanessa is the one who should feel shame. Not you. Did she hurt you, Ariel?" The Prince looked down his nose at his hearth keep with worried eyes. "I mean to say, are you able to come along with me, away from here? Can you walk?" he asked her, softly.Ariel numbly nodded.Seeming at least a little bit supplicated by his maid's answer, Eric's brows furrowed as he turned towards Carlotta and Grimsby."Carlotta, if you could please take her someplace where Vanessa won't see her, I would appreciate it," he murmured gratefully, lowering his voice an octave. "I think the Princess needs her space," he growled, as a shadow of anger darted through his eyes in a way that made Ariel shiver. "Vanessa seeing Ariel at this point would be a danger to them both, and I won't have my hearth keep's life in danger," the Prince quietly explained. "Grimsby, if you could please come with me, this might take some sorting out." He heaved a frustrated sigh and pinched at the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger, shaking his head as though fighting off a headache. Slowly, he lifted his gaze and fixed Carlotta with an uncharacteristically cold glower. "Try to ensure you aren't followed, Lottie. Can you manage that much, at least, please?""I think it's safe to assume the Princess's mind is on…other things," Carlotta frowned as she stared with narrowed eyes down the path that led into the library that the Princess had just taken, watching with a concerned expression as Grimsby and Eric disappeared behind the double oak doors of the library, the soft thud of the doors shutting had her swallowing.Once Carlotta had come back to herself a bit, she turned back to Ariel.Ariel hesitated and bit down on her lip. Will the Prince be alright on his own? She asked, unable to stop the pang of concern from tugging on her heartstrings as she stared at the door."Aye, dear. He will," Carlotta sighed tiredly, giving Ariel's shoulder a light but firm squeeze meant to reassure. "As for you, Luv, well, you might be okay now, but you may no longer be if you stand next to Vanessa, Ariel." Carlotta offered the maid a grim stare. "Nothing will be solved just yet anyway. Allow the master to handle her. Come along, child, let me have a look at you and get you cleaned up."Ariel frowned, but with a light tug of her uninjured arm, she reluctantly allowed the Prince's Head of House to lead her back up the grand staircase and way from the seething Princess.And away from Eric… 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 8
AS Carlotta was leading the weak and pathetic wretch upstairs away, Vanessa's heart was pounding loudly in her chest as Prince Eric led the way to an isolated chamber within his massive library, a secretive alcove tucked away in the furthermost corner of the room. The Prince had seemed visibly disappointed but had not spoken. Eric had instructed to speak with her in private, and the two of them had left Grimsby dutifully standing at attention and awaiting further instructions at the front door to the library.Kasper and Max trailed closely behind, with the Old English Sheepdog dutifully following his companion and master right at his heels, while Kasper hovered just outside the alcove's door in case his friend required him if things got out of hand.All the while as Vanessa dutifully allowed Eric to take the lead, the Princess could barely contain the anger surging through her veins, her racing heart, or her nearly frantic breaths. Eric was furious.She could see that quite plainly, she was no daft and blind bimbo. When they were still in the entryway of the first floor of the castle, Eric had not spoken of his anger, but Vanessa liked to think that she knew the Prince well enough to tell when he was upset.Eric's blue eyes were almost cerulean and smoldering, the man's eyes filled with a horrible antagonizing hurt and betrayal, and to say nothing of the anger she knew he was nursing for her right now.She hoped Eric would understand her reactions towards his hearth keep, how the girl had provoked her and had faith that he would, but that did not mean that the conversation they were about to engage in was going to be an easy one to be had.As they made their way into the small room a fair distance away from the rest of the library, Vanessa turned around and looked at the Prince as Eric quietly shut the doors behind him. Eric was no doubt going to yell at her now, to ask Vanessa why she had done such a horrible thing to his chambermaid who was as lovely as the sunrise with that auburn hair of hers.He had wanted to discuss her actions privately, perhaps so that the rest of the estate would not bear witness to their master of the castle having to behave so uncouthly and cold. It would be hard enough on the Prince's pride as it was. Vanessa swallowed down hard past a lump in her throat.It was a miracle she found her voice. "Eric, before you get…upset with me, just..just let me explain."Vanessa raised her hands in defense as Eric pushed the door closed the rest of the way, but continued to face away from his betrothed, his posture stiff and his hands clenching and unclenching into fists at his sides.Vanessa expected Eric to interrupt her, to yell at her and refuse to let her speak, but the Prince did not do such a thing.Still keeping his back facing the Princess, Eric remained silent, a muscle in the man's angular jaw twitching as he kept his arms folded across his chest.Perhaps he was willing to listen to Vanessa, after all. The Princess breathed out a shaking breath and began to explain, though before she could so much as utter the first syllable, the Prince interjected and cut her off before she could say a thing. His voice was choked and trembling with emotion, and still, he refused to turn around and face her."There is no need to explain yourself or justify your actions, Your Highness, I've seen enough." He drew a deep breath and was silent for a moment, his face, from what Vanessa could see of the Prince's profile as he stayed turned to the side, never changed from a mask of cold anger and hateful disdain. "You attacked someone unprovoked under my protection and care, Princess, my hearth keep, Vanessa!" Eric seethed through gritted teeth as he slowly, methodically turned his head to look at Vanessa.She instinctively recoiled at the burning look of rage in the young Prince's eyes and instinctively took a step back towards the door. His wretched dog assumed a defensive stance at his side and only calmed and quieted, his growls steadily reducing to that of low, concerned whimpers for its master when Eric knelt and affectionately patted its coarse mane of fur, shushing him in a soothing tone, though as his head whiplashed upward to regard the Princess, there was no warmth in his voice now."What in the name of the gods' were you thinking?" he cried, his voice rising with contempt as he stalked towards Vanessa.He felt the angry shaking in his fingers. It traveled up his arms, and the Prince almost growled with the effort to restrain himself from striking the young woman, a well-handled backhand across the cheek would serve her well enough, but if there was one thing Eric had never condoned, it was violence against a woman, no matter how despicable the girl."F—Forgive me, Your—Your Highness," Vanessa stammered, feeling the beginnings of hot, wretched tears prick at her eyes. She was unable to meet Eric's glower, guilt obvious on her face."Forgive you?" Eric strode across the darkened alcove until he was a few inches away from her and towered threateningly over Vanessa. Kasper stood quietly by the door at attention, his hands folded neatly in front of himself, adding his judgmental stare to the Princess of Chales's embarrassment. "Forgive you?" Eric could barely breathe as his lungs burned, gasping for the taste of the salty cool night air around him. "You dared to lay a hand against an innocent girl, Vanessa!" After forcing a breath into his lungs through his tight gnashing jaw, Eric continued his questions. His glare threatened to burn a hole through the Princess and was so intense, that Vanessa saw Kasper out of the corner of her lowered gaze flinch. "You've wounded my hearth keep, Vanessa. For that, there is no excuse and no forgiveness…" He could not even finish his thought as visions of her injured wrist flitted to his mind, how hurt she had seemed, the slick tears causing the blue of her eyes to glisten with her stifled tears, and how the heat from the delicate appendage that appeared severely strained if perhaps not broken seemed to radiate with heat, judging by how red her hand was when the Prince had first laid eyes on Ariel. "If I had not come when I had, who knows what you would have done to her! She could have been killed!" He shouted, incensed, his fists clenching in fury.Before Eric could stop himself, his anger took control as his hand shot out of its own accord, no longer taking directions from his screaming mind, as he unleashed the back of his hand against Vanessa's face with a sickening crack, sending the girl backward, almost stumbling over the long hem of her gown, taken aback.The Princess sobbed with pain and regret as she rested a hand against her now reddened cheek as the pain came rushing immediately after the worst of her shock dissipated, but the Prince was not to be swayed by her tears."Forgive me, Eric, I—I'm sorry," she begged, ducking her head as a fiery heat crept to her cheeks, locks of her dark hair falling like curtains in front of her face, hiding her tears from him and her embarrassment. "I am sorry, I—I know I shouldn't have done it, I—I would never do anything to purposefully h-hurt your chambermaid, I swear it!" Vanessa implored in a cracked, warbling voice, on her knees.Unable to bear the presence of the woman who had dared lay a hand against Ariel, sweet, innocent, lovely Ariel, Eric pointedly turned his back on the Princess's tears and a deaf ear to her desperate, water-logged pleas as she almost choked on her tears."Save your apologies, Your Highness, for someone else who is interested in hearing them. I've heard more than enough. Get her out of my sight," Eric commanded to Kasper in disgust. Out of the corner of his gaze, he eyed the Princess disapprovingly as Grimsby and Carlotta's son bounded forward obediently and wrenched Vanessa to her feet, glowering with hatred.Kasper, in a forceful show of disdain, shoved the weeping young woman ahead of him towards the set of doors.Though Vanessa halted at the exit and stood trembling as Eric spoke, turning to regard her, judgmentally."You are a princess of the region of Chales, Vanessa," Eric admonished. "I would have expected a woman of your upbringing to behave appropriately and with more tact. You have behaved despicably towards my staff since you've arrived in Ipswich." He shook his head, thinking of Grimsby and Carlotta and Ariel. His eyes narrowed with disappointment. "There are no words you can offer in defense to justify your actions tonight, Princess," he spoke, cold and clipped.Kasper let go of the woman's arm as the Prince gave him a curt nod, and Vanessa fell to her knees, weeping before her betrothed, the painful punishments which the young sovereign could bestow upon her flashed through her mind."Please, Your Highness," she spluttered, and it was all she could do not to vomit and choke on the words that rose from her throat. "I beg for your mercy! You could be such a wonderful King to the people of Chales and Ipswich combined, with the right affections and grooming, that I could provide for you, please, whatever you want of me, I will do it, but please!" she wept.Eric was silent, considering the consequences that he could inflict on the vain Princess.Then, an idea came to him. To relinquish his authority to the one who had been most gravely injured by the Princess's actions."That is not my decision to make, Princess. This conversation has begun to tire me, we will discuss it further in the morning, but let me make one thing quite clear to you here and now. I will not marry you. Most of the time, I have always followed my Head of Household's advice. I would trust Grimsby with my life, but this is perhaps the one time I will refuse his counsel and willingly go against his orders. I cannot take a woman as my wife who dares to physically assault my servants, the people I've chosen to entrust with my life. It's my job to ensure their safety and comfort and tonight, you have stolen that away from one of my chambermaids. Let the lady Ariel be the one to decide an appropriate punishment for your actions tonight, but in the morning, after she has been seen by our physician and examined and not a moment before that. I would suggest you take tonight to formulate a sincere apology to the young woman, Vanessa, if I were you, at a minimum, " Eric told her, coolly.He lifted his eyes to Kasper, as Princess Vanessa's trembling grew more violent with the realization of what he meant. Eric nodded assuredly to himself, satisfied with his plan for now, though he physically winced at the thought of the task that lay ahead of him of telling Grimsby that he had broken the engagement that his counselor had worked for years to coordinate with the King and Queen of the kingdom of Chales. He shoved aside thoughts of Grimsby for now, thinking that was a conversation best saved for the morning when he was of a sounder mind and in a better judgmental state to make decisions that would benefit both him and his staff.He blinked as he came back to himself and returned his attention to the Princess, who ducked her head in shame and cowered in front of him, though now, Eric thought he saw a flicker of anger course through the Princess's irises.When he spoke, his voice was low, soft, and dangerous, a hint of darkness lurking within the surface of his quiet voice. "You will leave the estate come the morning following your apology to my chambermaid, Princess, and her declaration of punishment against you, whatever she decides, you will honor it," he growled. "There's a ship docked in the harbor," he ordered. "Take only what you brought with you when you first arrived, and do not expect assistance from anyone here, Vanessa," Eric warned, his expression then made it painfully clear to the humiliated and weeping Princess that his dealings with her were finally over.He offered a curt nod of his head towards Kasper. The Princess shot Eric and Kasper both a scathing look but said nothing as she turned on the heels of her boots and fled, cursing herself for destroying her reputation and her bright future.Kasper furrowed his blond brows in confusion and concern as he strode towards where the Prince stood and leaned forward to whisper into the shell of his ear. "That's it, Eric? But...she... she deserves more!" Kasper whispered in incredulous disbelief to Eric, confused.He could not understand the Prince's leniency on the Princess, nor, he thought, Ariel's. Kasper had but the one brief conversation with the new hearth keep so far, and though he would have liked more time to linger with Molly's new acquaintance, he had been able to tell Ariel was as gentle as a moth, and would likely be just as forgiving towards Vanessa as he.Eric dipped his chin in satisfaction. "That's it, Kasper. As I said, the punishment is not mine to dwell out. Let Ariel decide what happens. If you could see that she reaches her room and stays there," he sighed, relieved that at last, the ordeal was over, and at least unofficially, his engagement to the Princess of Chales was ended.Kasper nodded numbly to his friend, assuring Eric that he would see it done. Kasper bowed his head towards Eric."Your Highness," he bid in farewell, truly feeling for Eric's distress.Eric nodded silently in return. A shudder ran through Eric as he watched Kasper turn on his heels and disappear out of the library's alcove, making to follow the Princess out of the library to ensure that Vanessa reached the guest chambers and stayed confined within for the remainder of the night. His chest was hollow that he had not been by Ariel's side when she'd needed him. He had looked for her and had been almost about to start throwing things in frustration and calling for the first maid or foot soldier he'd come across and demand they help him find his chambermaid when he had heard the sound of Vanessa's shouts renting the air.Although his panic and anger combined were nearly threatening to overwhelm him, Eric suddenly wished to be nowhere else but there by his chambermaid's side, giving her strength and comfort when she was apt to need some.Before his resolve could falter him and he could convince himself to stay put and be left alone with his anguished thoughts, he fled the alcove and the library in search of his hearth keep, ignoring Grimsby's questioning on the way out, though he felt his Head of House's piercing stare threatening to burn a hole in the side of his skull as he walked. Before Eric could make his way towards the grand staircase, a boisterous group of foot soldiers gathered near a marble column, were snickering their doubts as to the true nature of the newly appointed hearth keep to the Prince, when the mention of Ariel's name caught his ears."…Ariel is quite pretty, Henri, isn't she? Not the typical English Rose, I admit, but she is a beautiful lovely little thing, nonetheless. That lovely red hair and cute little nose, she must be Scottish. not too many girls with red hair in Ipswich. It's merely a bonus she can't speak, don't you think? I like my women silent but pretty," he teased, a mocking lilt to his voice that was slightly slurred, indicating he'd drank at dinner. "It's just a shame she's likely ruined now that she's caught the master's attention, I'd not have minded a good tumble in the hay with her, I would have been happy to teach her the meaning of pleasure, Jacques, eh? Put that tongue of hers that can't talk to work in other ways, if you catch my meaning, my old friend," he chortled, snickering at his lewd joke.Oblivious to the volume of the insults which the young guard had just spoken, the group of men was unaware when Eric turned to regard them hatefully. Eric could see quite clearly as he narrowed his eyes as a surge in his temper swelled, the young man close to his age that had just uttered the odious comment as it pertained to his new maid.With long greasy hair, thin pale skin that was not at all attractive, and rat-like features, the perpetrator who was perhaps only a few moons older than him became solidified in his memory. His legs no longer taking direction from his mind, Eric's searing anger towards Vanessa's treatment of Ariel and now this man grew with each step as he stalked towards the guard. The hateful comment that had been hurled at Ariel from the mouth of this presumptuous smug guard swirled mockingly in his brain.The soldier thankfully stood with his back facing the Prince alongside his comrades, his hand resting idly on the hilt of his sword. It was clear the boy was not expecting to be confronted about his remarks towards a servant. Without any hesitation, Eric boldly approached the man. In one swift motion, the Prince shot out a hand and grabbed the culprit's bony shoulder.Before the guard could react in any way, Eric spun him around and slammed his curled fist into the mouth of the man who had insulted his hearth keep. Shocked and nearly knocked unconscious by the force of his master's blow, the foot soldier stumbled backward a few paces, his wide-eyed and unblinking eyes finally focusing on Eric before the man fell to his knees.The heavy flow of blood and saliva spilled down the man's tunic.Eric only regarded the guard with hate and vengeance darkening his blue eyes to a cerulean hue the angrier he became."Disparage my hearth keep again or any other member of staff, and the next time, it shall be more than your teeth rolling on the ground," he promised, vehemently, as he clenched his jaw. Eric's hard glare washed threateningly over the other young men in the room. "That goes for all of you! Have I made myself clear to you?! My hearth keep is off-limits to every single one of you, and should I learn you lay a finger on her, only the gods will have mercy on you because you will get none from me!" he shouted, raising his voice to match the vicious and uncharacteristically almost violent anger that swelled in his chest.For one long moment in agonizing silence, Eric stared the group of soldiers down, waiting for any who dared challenge his authority. Eric almost let himself smile as he thought of how strangely invincible he felt when it was Ariel to who he was championing for. The guards simply gaped at the master of the castle in shock. While most were not above jesting in secret at the pretty maids at the women's expense, none were willing to risk their necks to challenge the Prince.None of them moved, much less dared to breathe as the Prince turned on the heels of his boots, undaunted, and walked commandingly from the room and strode up the staircase without a word, hellbent on finding his injured hearth keep.CARLOTTA was tight-lipped and uncharacteristically somber as she led Ariel down the quiet halls of the servant's quarters of the castle. Ariel lacked the strength to sign for the moment and perhaps it was just as well, as she did not know what to say, and she was in far too much pain as she tried to flex her wrist to do anything but wince and bite down on her tongue hard enough that she tasted her own blood. At this point, she felt a strong sense of regret, not for anything she felt she had done wrong in how she had dealt with Vanessa, but for the situation in general. The maids had warned her of the Princess's insufferable attitude, but she could not have imagined Eric's bride would be so cruel as to physically attempt to hurt her.It had not been her intent to upset the Prince's fiancée as she had. She had been trying to fix things and not make them worse. And all she gained for her efforts were bruises, an injured hand, and wounded pride. Carlotta glanced behind her shoulder, briefly, likely to be sure that the Princess was not following them.Carlotta spoke up, pulling the wounded siren from her dark tempest of swirling thoughts."This will do, Luv," she chirped and offered her newest young charge a sad, sympathetic smile as she pulled open the door to her chamber, ushering her inside. With an exhausted sigh, Ariel dutifully followed the Head of House into her room and sat down on the edge of the bed pushed up on the wall. Things had not gone at all how she had hoped this evening.By now, she feared she had incurred the wrath of Prince Eric too in addition to the Princess for upsetting her so badly.What if the Prince did not forgive her? It had not been her fault, Ariel knew that much, but she could have fled the premises.She had been hoping to avoid Vanessa at all costs, and Ariel tried to remember that, but she still felt hurt, and in more ways than how she'd hurt her, that Vanessa had shoved her or likely broken her wrist. Ariel's pride hurt, for the fact that Vanessa had been so unforgivably angry with her, and she did not want to dwell on the anger in the Prince's burning blue eyes either.Ariel did not care if those around her particularly liked her or agreed with her actions, but the Prince…for reasons she could not explain, Prince Eric seemed like one of the few humans on land she had met so far whose opinion of her did matter and an opinion that had likely been tainted tonight because of his bride's temper.Feeling the Princess's hands against her as she had taken it upon herself to sprain Ariel's wrist if not broken it had hurt. Ariel felt a hot, unbearable shame wash over her and regret for her actions. She should have turned on her heels and walked away from the courtyard the moment Vanessa arrived and not bothered to engage her at all. She wished she'd been smarter, even though she felt as though she had done the only thing she could and tried to calm her down. The Prince's opinion was important to her, she knew that much, and the fact that she had likely tainted his image of her did not sit well with her, in her mind.As she sat down on the bed, Ariel glanced down at her feet as she begrudgingly kicked off her boots, hating that humans had to wear shoes on their feet. It felt constricting and not freeing at all. Her feet failed to touch the floor and she wriggled her toes to ease the ache from her boots, while Carlotta set about in lighting several small candles scattered around the bedroom."This ought to do in warming the place up a bit, and give us a wee bit of light so I can see just what it is I'm working with," Carlotta spoke in a soothing tone as she lit the last candle with a match and pocketed the discarded match in the pocket of her apron as she turned back towards Ariel on the bed. "Now, let's have a look at you," she offered, as she perched herself on the edge of the mattress and took the young woman's small hands in hers. "She had a hard hold on you, Luv, didn't she just?" she sighed.Ariel continued to stare blankly at her toes. She would stare at her fins whenever she was avoiding conversation before her aunt had turned her, but these days, it was her strange-looking but delicate toes. She was sure she had never felt more wretched in her life up to this point. She should have been stronger than this. She should have known attempting to reason with the Princess would not work, and she should not have displayed weakness in front of the Prince and the servants.Even if Prince Eric was not presently disgusted by Ariel's actions, he certainly would have by his chambermaid's weakness.Her sisters never cried. Never. Not right out in the open waters in front of everyone at least, and certainly not over an injured wrist.Ariel had worse injuries than this. Her new human legs did not show it, but one of her fins had a vicious scar that went up the length of the left side and to her tail where a baby orca had bitten her once and almost killed her when she was sixteen and naïve.Carlotta pushed the sleeves of Ariel's dress up as gently as she could. For once, Ariel was grateful that her aunt had taken away her voice and rendered her mute. She was not sure what to say to Carlotta."It doesn't appear that your wrist is broken, lass, so that's good news, but it does appear sprained," the head maid spoke as the older woman ran her fingers gingerly over the younger woman's wrist and her forearms. "Though I can see bruises coming up on your skin already, dear," she sighed, furrowing her thick brows into a frown, her mouth turning down into a scowl as she shook her head in disappointment over Princess Vanessa's despicable behavior and volatile temper that was sure to get her into trouble, if not already, with the young master.Ariel shrugged. I'm…okay, she signed as well as she could, though due to her injured wrist, she fumbled a bit over her words, she still refused to meet the maid's stare. She did not want to risk becoming too emotional. Speaking too much about what had transpired between her, and the Princess would likely only result in more tears coming to her eyes, and she had embarrassed herself enough by this point in one night. She stiffened and kept her head sharply turned towards the left."What happened, child?" Carlotta wondered somberly as she scooted a fraction of an inch closer, squinting her eyes to get a better look at Ariel's red and swollen wrist, frowning. The maid put her hand lightly on Ariel's knee and gave it an affectionate pat, leaning forward to try to make eye contact with her charge. "Ariel?" she asked, worriedly.Ariel considered turning her head away, so she could not have to look into the kind older woman's eyes. Carlotta's genuine care and concern for her well-being might just be the one thing that would break the fragile hold the siren held over her emotions.But Ariel felt not meeting the maid's gaze would only make things even more awkward between them and would only cause Carlotta to fret and worry over her worse than she already was, so she blearily lifted her gaze and forced a smile that she knew was not genuine at all. She could feel her cheeks' reluctance to be molded so falsely.I'm fine, Carlotta, Ariel lied. Just…shaken up, madame.But Carlotta did not look at all convinced by her words and dismissed her charge calling her madam with an airy wave of her hand and clucked her tongue, shaking her head in disapproval. "Just Carlotta, dear. Or Lottie. I could tell the Princess was hurting you, Ariel, and she had no right to lay a hand against you. You do not need to lie to protect her. There is no use. The heat that's radiating from your wrist right now and judging by the looks you're giving me when your fingers on that hand so much as twitch suggests that she did something." Carlotta tenderly reached towards Ariel's cheek, causing the girl to flinch away slightly.Carlotta halted her movements and froze in place for a moment, looking into Ariel's wide eyes before touching her fingers lightly to the auburn-haired beauty's face, wiping away the remnants of the girl's tears."Your tears give you away, lass."Ariel looked down and swallowed a lump forming in her throat as she furiously blinked back the tears that were threatening to escape from her lids.
  I thought…I could reason with her.
Carlotta smiled sadly and gave her leg an affectionate pat. "I had thought you might," she sighed tiredly. "And your efforts were brave, dearie, and not necessarily unwise. It was an attempt at least, to be kind and civil, though you ask me, the Princess of Chales doesn't deserve it," she spat bitterly, the words sounding like poison in her mouth as she scrunched her nose and pulled a face.She wouldn't listen to me, Carlotta. She—she was so angry. Ariel frowned. She kept shoving me, but I did not think she would go as far as she did. I—I understand her anger and I'm not upset with her for shoving me or-or this, she stammered, lifting her injured hand as best as she could while still clutching it close to her breast. It's not her fault. The shadow of jealousy she's lived under for so long is clouding her judgment and her mind, making her say things, do things. And I…I feel…I feel sorry for Vanessa. Carlotta frowned, momentarily taken aback by the young woman's selflessness and her ability to forgive, in her mind, an unforgivable act. She could not even speak as she wracked her brain, searching for something to say to appease the poor thing.For a moment, she found herself wishing that this young lass from the sea was of royal blood that would appease Grimsby's stubborn and persistent insistence the young master marry a princess to ensure the master's family lineage continued throughout the generations, that Grimsby upheld the King and Queen's wishes for their only heir by ensuring Eric married a wealthy princess."I just hope she can overcome this before even more damage is done. The Princess will surely come to regret how she has treated you once the time comes." Carlotta's expression grew pensive as she looked away for a minute.Ariel's frown deepened as she thought over the Prince's maid's words. Even hearing such reassuring words coming from Carlotta, it was impossible for her not to take Vanessa's actions personally. She had seen the hatred and jealousy in the girl's eyes.Surely, this would not have happened to anyone else. Likely, the Princess would not have dared hit any of the other maids or sprained their wrists. Of course, if things had escalated, Ariel would not have fought back against Vanessa, she was not a warrior like her sisters were. As the youngest, she was the diplomat of the seven of them, but if she had, things would have ended horribly.Yes, this precarious position could have only happened to the poor little mermaid. Ariel was the one who stood out, a regular fish out of water, the weak link who did not belong in the castle. Throughout the day, she had made friends with Molly and had taken a liking to Violet and Tandy, the other maids well enough, and Ariel had thought she might be beginning to find her place among the group of women. But now, she knew it was clear that even as a human, she was different from them.The people on land would never accept her as one of their own. Ariel could not defend herself as the humans could. Merpeople fought with spears and the sheer brute force of their fins. She knew nothing of how humans fought.The siren held her breath and tried to remain level-headed and calm, but her emotions were flooding back to the surface.Princess Vanessa had scared her, hurt her, and looked like she wanted nothing more than to take her into the waves of the ocean herself and hold her head under until she drowned, and as a human, her neck no longer possessed the gills at the sides of the column of her throat that allowed her to breathe underwater. Vanessa would finish what the sea had attempted to start, she was sure of that.No matter why Vanessa wanted her gone, Ariel could not help the sickening, debilitating cold fear that ran through her. She had always pledged that if she ever found herself in a situation as she did now, that she would never act as she was right now in such a situation.She, as the youngest daughter of King Triton and Queen Athena at eighteen years old, would be brave, proud, strong, and smart, like her older sisters, all six of them whom she looked up and doted upon. Yet, right now, she felt blindsided by her reaction earlier, confused, cold, and stuck to the bone with debilitating fear. It was cold, lonely terror, and she could not think straight or sign at all.Ariel kept her gaze fixated firmly on the ground as she struggled against the onslaught of emotions that were now threatening to boil over to the surface. She flat out refused to make any sort of eye contact with Carlotta just yet, as her features would surely betray her emotional anguish and as with all who had tried in times past to wrench emotion from her, she would not give them the satisfaction."Ariel, dear, are you alright?" Carlotta spoke up in a soothing tone, putting her hand lightly on Ariel's shoulder. Ariel did not sign a response as she focused instead on keeping her tears repressed as well as she was able. "Ariel, Luv…are you hurt? Your wrist appears to be dislocated, at a minimum, the physician could bandage it for you, so you don't move it around so much. It will take some time to heal, which meant your duties going forward will have to be shortened if not re-arranged, but that shouldn't be a problem. Max has been needing someone to look after him if you're agreeable and happen to like dogs and aren't allergic to his blasted fur," she chuckled, though she was relieved to see a bright smile light up Ariel's face at the mention of the Prince's dog, and the girl nodded. "I am sure the master will be delighted to know that his companion is sure to be in good hands with you going forward, dear, but for now...please tell me the truth. I can try to mend it as best as I'm able if you don't want to pay a visit to our doctor. I could see Vanessa was hurting you as she had a hold of you in the hall, and I might venture a guess as from how you had tears in your eyes, that her physical assault on you wasn't all the Princess tormented you with. Tell me. There's no shame in telling me. What you say here does not leave this room."Ariel replied with a shrug of her shoulders. I'm fine, Carlotta. My wrist does hurt when I move it, but other than that, I'm okay, she signed frantically."Would you like me to leave you to get some rest?" Carlotta offered softly. "I can at least pop your wrist back into place before I go. I won't lie to you, child, it's going to hurt, of that, there's no way around it, but it's better than leaving it untreated as it is." Carlotta waited and fell silent as she awaited the young girl's reply, as she held out her hand expectantly. "Let me see your hand, dearie."Ariel hesitated but nodded after a few seconds. She squeezed her eyes shut and held her breath as the maid took hold of Ariel's dislocated wrist and as gently but quickly as possible pushed it back into place.She jumped as a shudder went up and down her spine as her wrist popped back into its socket. She remained still and silent for a moment, and then opened her eyes and rolled her wrist very slightly, all the while staring up at Carlotta with huge eyes.That didn't hurt as much as I thought it might…thank you, she signed nervously, letting out a relieved breath and sighing."It won't be long before you're as good as new," Carlotta forced a smile as well.She immensely disliked seeing a maid under her charge hurt and hated the girl even had any need to heal such an injury, but in a way, she was relieved to see the young lass was in such good spirits.I wish…I was stronger, Ariel signed as she let her fingers rest in her lap.Carlotta furrowed her brows in a frown. "You truly think so little of yourself, Luv? You're wrong. You're plenty strong, dearie," she patiently reminded the younger woman. "No one expects you to be a warrior, lass. You have got nothing to be ashamed of."The Princess couldn't have made any of the other maids under your command cry as I did. Ariel frowned as she looked up at her. I must have looked so very…so stupid.Carlotta shook her head and offered Ariel a small, dry chuckle as she made to head towards the door."No, lass, trust me when I tell you that you aren't the first young lady to have been brought to tears by the Princess's actions as of late," she promised her. "The other girls under me would tell you the same thing if they were here. The others would understand how you feel concerning feeling frustration and disappointment by her behavior, and they would certainly understand your tears. None of the girls will think less of you for that, and if they do and you know about it, then you come to me, you hear?"Ariel smiled, genuinely touched by the older woman's kindness, and wishing there was a way to repay Carlotta somehow.Thank you for defending me, Carlotta, Ariel signed as she closed her tired eyes."You're quite welcome, child." Though Ariel could not see it as her eyes were closed as she rested back on the mattress and laid her head against the mountain of pillows, she heard a smile in Carlotta's tone. "Try to rest easy, dear, knowing that one of us will always be around to defend you should things ever get out of hand if defense is what you need. At this point, Luv, we're hardly strangers, you and I. You're one of my girls now, and I treat every new maid that comes to work for the Prince as a daughter I never had. We are a family in this household, Ariel."Keeping her eyes closed, Ariel furrowed her brows. She knew the maids all considered themselves family, like sisters.Ariel was considering Molly to be something akin to a friend with her, despite not having to spend as much time with the young blonde maid today as she would have liked to, but did the other women here in the castle see her like family when she had only just arrived, as an equal to themselves and each other? She could hear Carlotta speaking to her, though her voice sounded faint and muffled, as though the maid were speaking to her from underwater."Don't you worry about a thing, lass. You're safe here, and you always will be."Ariel was still thinking over Carlotta's words as she felt sleep overcoming her.Finally, she gave in to her exhaustion and everything around her faded to darkness. She was already asleep as Carlotta closed the door behind her, and as such, did not see the Prince lingering in the doorway, watching his hearth keep sleep.CARLOTTA exhaled a tired breath as she took in the worry plastered all over the young master's face as he lingered in front of the door, though Carlotta's broad frame blocked it and she nearly huffed in indignation and kept her arms folded across her chest, preventing him entering."My hearth keep, Carlotta, how is she? Is she well?" Eric demanded, his tone sounding clipped and curt as he restlessly paced an agitated line back and forth in the hallway, the heels of his boots making a groove in the floor, much to Carlotta's amusement.Carlotta huffed in frustration and brushed back a lock of her greying dark hair that had come loose from her bun."Yes, yes, the lass is just fine. Shaken, but she is otherwise uninjured for the time being, at least that I could see. Sire, I must ask that you remain calm. I can only let you in to see her if you remain collected, Your Majesty. The young lady is beside herself with confusion and is in a great amount of stress and fear. Her right wrist was dislocated but I was able to set the appendage back into place, but I would recommend John take a look at it in the morning, first chance. She is in no condition to be approached and questioned at the present moment about what happened to her tonight, Your Majesty. Let her sleep," Carlotta warned. "What of the Princess, Your Highness?""We've sorted it out," Eric snapped. "Forget her, she is no longer my concern, and she will be leaving Ipswich first thing in the morning." The Prince gnashed his teeth and angrily shook his head. "So, help me, Lottie, if you or anyone else in this castle mention the Princess of Chales again, the witch that she is, I'll let Max chew on all your shoes," the Prince promised angrily, his father's inherited temper getting the better of him. Carlotta nearly allowed herself a good-natured chuckle despite the seriousness of her conversation."Not to worry, my dear," she assured him. "The Princess was the farthest thing from my mind," she said with a disgusted scowl. "I can only assume that means that your wedding is called off. The lass's parents will, of course, be disappointed, as will my husband, but you leave Grimsby to me. I will talk to him. He'll understand. You're still young yet, there's plenty of time for you to find a suitable bride.""Thank you, Carlotta." It was all Eric could say at the moment. "But...I still need to see her."Carlotta narrowed her eyes at the Prince, watching as Prince Eric held her stare for a moment and then turned his gaze downward, a glimpse of resigned frustration and guilt in his face as he nodded. Only then, as she caught a glimpse of the remorse on his face did Carlotta step away from the door and allow him to enter into his chambermaid's private quarters.Eric kept his gaze on Carlotta's backside until his Head of House disappeared down the hallway and slipped into her and Grimsby's quarters, three doors down from Ariel's.As quietly as he could, his hand reached out and curled around the knob, gingerly pushing it open and waiting with bated breath and stole into his hearth keep's quarters, gingerly closing the door shut behind him. Standing as still as a deer caught in the sights of a loaded bow and arrow, Eric took a moment to allow his eyes to adjust to the darkness. What kind of impression would he make on his hearth keep tonight, knocking over a piece of undetected furniture, scaring Ariel half to death more than she already likely was? He frowned.Slowly, his vision came to him in the low illumination of the dying fire from the hearth.Eric drew in a sharp breath when he saw, beyond the large glowing hearth, the shape of the young woman's outline in the quilts as she lay already fast asleep on the thick mattress of her bed. Eric did not even feel himself as he crept towards her.His eyes never left his servant's form.She had shifted positions. He could see that immediately as he looked into the room where she slept. In the gathering light that emanated from the fire in the hearth, Eric observed the way Ariel lay across the bed in a sense of comfortable abandonment, as relaxed as a child, her sleep untroubled despite the harrowing traumatization she had been put through.One of the quilts of her bed had fallen in a heap on the floor. He bent forward for a closer look. A small foot, so dainty, that her foot almost didn't even look real, stuck out from beneath the blankets.Eric straightened quickly as he realized his hand was shooting out of its own accord, seemingly of a mind to touch it.He clenched his jaw, but a murmured curse escaped his lips anyways. For a brief moment, he wondered if, perhaps to apologize for the horrendous behavior of the Princess, there was something he could do for Ariel, a way to make it up to her, perhaps. He wondered if she would share a meal with him come the morning.He quickly tried to brush off the thought. The woman was very clearly lost. She did not belong here. And more to the point, besides, what in the gods' name could a simple hearth keep want with a prince?For all he knew, she was suffering the loss of her loved one from the shipwreck. He nodded to himself, sure of his assumptions.Yes, that was it. She'd have no interest in a lonesome, forlorn prince, no reason to pry into his mundane and boring life.As soon as her wages as his hearth keep grew to a substantial enough amount, she would likely leave to go back to her homelands—her clans—she had called them and rejoin her family.As well she should. Even so, as the bitter thought flitted through the conflicted Prince's mind, he could not help but feel somewhat selfish, wishing that he could keep her here, for himself, and that there was something he could do for her voice.Or rather, her lack of voice, should he say. The Prince lingered a few moments longer. The room lightened with streams of moonlight that wafted in through the curtains which had not been drawn. He told himself that he should leave his chambermaid be, it was what was best for her, after all, but still, Eric waited, caught up in a horrifying sort of fascination. He froze as the young woman sighed in her sleep and turned on her side, her knees coming up and her arms sliding down to wind around her legs as if protecting them from harmA long hank of red hair had fallen over Ariel's face, and she sniffed as it tickled at her nose. Eric stared wide-eyed at the lock of hair. A shaft of moonlight through the window touched it at that precise moment, turning her light auburn hair to a blood-ruby hue. Ariel's hair was now the color of dark fire. As the thought crossed the Prince's mind, Eric leaned down and gingerly lifted the lock away from her face. The strand's softness, the silky texture of it despite its thickness, was so unexpected and acute that Eric almost yelped in awe.He stepped back quickly, horrified at himself, and very nearly stumbled over the legs of a chair from somewhere behind him in the process. He had…touched her. His hearth keep. She was a stranger to him, and for all he knew of Ariel, another man's wife, if not a widow now. It did not matter. Eric knew that he had no right to touch her, not without her consent, of which she had not given him.He left the room hurriedly, closing the door to the merest crack and disappearing down the corridor towards his chambers, located on the same floor as the servants' quarters but the east wing of the castle. He hoped that with how close in proximity Ariel was to Carlotta and Grimsby, one of them would hear her if she got up.Eric made his way to his room, kicked off his boots, and collapsed with a disgruntled, rumbling sigh onto his bed without bothering to change into his nightclothes. But the Prince did not sleep. How could he?Because he felt Ariel's presence, even in his bedroom, the warm, alluring song of a bewitching siren's call.The taunt of a treasure that he could not have, not unless she happened to be of royal blood. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 9
ARIEL could still remember nights when her mother, gods bless her soul, had still been alive, before she had been killed, would do her hair while they watched the fish in the coral reef near the outskirts of the city of Atlantica. Ariel in particular had been fond of the delightful orange and white clownfish, she remembered that. And the jellyfish, too. Mother would sing to her, and she would sing along with her, and the crabs would scuttle along at the mellow fusing of their voices as mother and daughter serenaded the palace.Ariel had a beautiful voice, they had always told her, a voice that was as beautiful as her lovely face.She would grow up to be an entrancing young mermaid, and a wonderful musician too. And Mother would excite with stories of how handsome young mermen—all of them princes—would travel from all four oceans, even for a single finger on her hand."Noble mermen will fight for your hand and your honor, my love, to the death if they must," Mother would tell her, causing blushes to form on Ariel's cheek, almost as red as her hair. "You're such a beautiful pearl, and your father and I promise a gallant and chivalrous prince for you, to protect you and cherish you more than your father and I and your sisters have done." Ariel closed her eyes to the tear that slipped out. Mother had lied to her.Ariel blinked herself out of her stupor, chewing on her bottom lip before continuing through the castle corridors.The Prince, according to Carlotta, gave his servants free rein to move about the castle at will, and considering all that was on her mind, she decided to take advantage of the permission during the witching hours of the night, as the halls were quiet with no other souls wandering about and she could not sleep as it was. As she walked, she took an auburn lock of her wavy hair to twirl as she thought through the events of the day. Her first day of employment as the Prince's chambermaid had been so…so…She could not find a word to describe it. What was even stranger, Ariel realized, was that was not particularly a bad thing.Every hall she entered as she vacated her room and wandered through the halls left her feeling breathless until she remembered what she missed the most. Her family. The sea. Deciding to sneak out the side door near the servants' quarters to head to the beach, she kept her fingers smoothed over the hard stone as she walked, the cold seeping into her pinkish-tipped fingertips.She paused, unable to help herself, and pressed her cheek against the cold stone, letting out a slow, shaky breath. It was soothing, calming, relaxing. Her eyelids fluttered closed, and she pressed herself against the hard, cold wall. Ariel reached out and she felt the warmth of the stone that was warmed by a nearby torch in its sconce. She found herself strangely enjoying the cool more.It reminded her of the cooling depths of the ocean, the deeper down you went.I may look like a human now, she thought to herself. But I am still a daughter of King Triton and Queen Athena, still a mermaid of the Atlantic Ocean. She felt closer to Father in that brief moment than she had in years, not since her mother's death."What are you doing out at this hour, pretty little dove?" came a rough, grating voice that sounded strangely familiar.Ariel turned, alarmed, ripping herself away from the cool stone to see who was standing behind her.The Princess's guard from earlier, Brutus, she thought the man's name was called, stood there, a warped twisted little grin on his face as his long dark hair hung loose and free about his shoulders. Ariel pressed her back against the wall and swallowed down hard past a lump in her throat, glancing up and down the otherwise darkened and deserted corridor.She prayed for the Prince to reappear, or even his dog, Max, but she knew that neither of them would come. Wherever Prince Eric had disappeared to, his loyal companion would be as well, with the huge dog far away and unable to offer her protection.Hesitantly, Ariel tried to sign, though it was difficult for her to do with how badly her fingers were shaking, especially the fingers of her wrist that Carlotta had reset.
  Carlotta…she told me that I could—
"It's the Prince's word that matters most, sweetheart," he interrupted her coldly, glowering at her with narrowed eyes. "He gave me no such order, dove."Then please, ser, I will just…return to my rooms and I—she started to say, though the foot soldier interrupted her."How about we see what the Prince hopes to do with you instead, little dove?" he growled through gritted teeth, and he was on her in a moment before Ariel could so much as take one step backward or turn on her heels, placing her previously injured wrist in a painful vice.She grimaced in pain as she was dragged through the halls, struggling to get free of him as the guard who had previously been assigned to the Princess of Chales led her down the darkened east wing of the castle. As they passed by Carlotta and Grimsby's chambers, she tried to make as much noise as she was able, purposefully walking loudly by stomping her feet, attempting to knock over what appeared to be an ancient Ming Chinese vase on a stand near one of the doors, she had heard Molly call it that a little earlier.She was desperate for help to come. But Carlotta and Grimsby did not come, nor did Kasper, whose room was conveniently a few doors from them, too. They might not have heard, or perhaps they were all deep in the throes of sleep.She was dragged up a winding staircase, her attempts to free herself from his grasp were utterly futile. If it weren't for the punishing grip Ser Brutus had on her, she likely would have fallen the winding steps and would have struck her skull and broken her neck.When they arrived outside the Prince's chambers, no one was more shocked than Ariel to see the Prince himself standing outside, a thick blue woolen traveling cape fastened around his shoulders. He looked as though he had been about to take the first step off the stairwell with the intent of going somewhere outside of the confines of the castle walls, though he froze, looking wary at the arrival of Ser Brutus. Prince Eric glanced towards them as he saw them approach, and when his eyes lingered on Ariel's red, tear-stained face, he straightened his posture and positioned himself in front of the door to his chambers."What do you think you're doing?" he bit out at Ser Brutus, and Ariel inexplicably felt some hope swell in her chest by the flicker of danger that darted across the man's cerulean blue eyes as his gaze lingered on the vice grip the man's hand had around her recently hurt arm."I found this one wandering around the castle after dark, Your Majesty," Ser Brutus barked hoarsely by way of response, bringing Ariel's swollen wrist up to show the Prince, his face reddening in ire."As did several members of my staff earlier this evening and they all passed her by without any incident, Brutus. Let the girl go, I've told Carlotta explicitly to give my chambermaid express permission to wander throughout the castle wherever she likes," the Prince demanded incredulously, Eric glowering at Brutus with no small amount of trepidation in his eyes as he fell silent and waited for the guard to comply with his command. She saw the foot soldier bristle but looked back towards Ser Brutus, nervous."Let the girl go, Ser Brutus," Prince Eric warned, an edge to his normally kind and quiet, mild-mannered voice that had not been there before, and that made Ariel shiver as he leaned back against the door.Ser Brutus blustered as his face reddened in both embarrassment and personal outrage. "B-But Your Majesty, she—""Is my hearth keep," The Prince cut him off. "Let her go," he repeated. "Do I need to repeat myself to you again a second time, Brutus? Please don't make me say it again, you know I've never liked repeating myself better than most, Brutus," he warned, lowering his voice.Brutus did not need to be told three times. The dark-haired soldier let go of her, fuming. Ariel gingerly rubbed her reddened and swollen wrist and angrily stepped away from Brutus, stumbling backward instinctively towards the Prince.Eric steadied Ariel as best as he was able, placing his hands on her arms and keeping her professionally at arm's length, for which Ariel was glad. Her back was to him, for she did not want to take her eyes away from Ser Brutus until the guard was well and truly out of her line of sight. She listened as his armor rattled loudly with each step he took down the stairs that was more of a disgruntled stomping sound, and only turned to face the Prince when Ariel could no longer see Ser Brutus.Thank you, she signed softly, making sure to leave off the 'Your Highness' this time, as she remembered the Prince's express wish that she calls him by his name.Prince Eric made an odd disdainful scoffing sound at the back of his throat and rolled his eyes as if to tell her there was no need for Ariel to offer her thanks."Ever since he came into his…since he turned old enough, he's been doing foul things to maidens that he comes across, I don't know what he means by it," the Prince scowled heavily with furrowed brows as he glowered at the spot where only moments ago, Ser Brutus had stood tall and proud. "I cannot imagine what he would do to you," he replied, looking her up and down from head to toe slowly. "Use his sword on you until you fit his description of the 'perfect woman.' I don't know why Grimsby insists that I keep him on staff."Ariel shivered. Well…thank you for making sure that didn't happen, she signed and bit down on her bottom lip.When all the Prince did was stare back at Ariel, she turned on her heels and began walking away. She had just gotten to the top of the stairs, just a few feet away, when she paused the moment his voice reached her ears, bidding her wait for just a minute."Join me inside then…if you cannot sleep?" The note of hope in his voice was almost unmistakable, causing Ariel to blink owlishly in alarm at the master of the castle, wondering if she had misheard. The man's bright blue eyes were wary, she noticed as her breaths caught in her throat as her eyes lingered on his, unexpectedly. A certain tender aura surrounded this handsome Prince as if he had never been exposed to the evils of the world here on land, and perhaps he hadn't. Never in a million years did she think the man who had saved her life and plucked her from the shipwreck's wreckage, what little of it was left that had managed to wash up on shore, would be of royal blood. And now, she could not stop staring or thinking about his eyes. They were round, wide, and brimming with wonder.The blue eyes that flowed in his eyes were the most beautiful thing she had thought she had ever seen before. As shocking as his request was that she join him for a walk, Ariel could sense that Eric harbored no malicious intents towards her.But regardless, something inside of her still harbored a twinge of caution towards him.Ariel despised the feeling. She knew it was her weariness from all the terrible stories she was told of the human race from Father, shortly after Mother had been killed, to entice her to forget her interest in the world above. Although her own heart was bursting with trepidation, and her brain was striding two thoughts ahead of her with possibilities as she tried to ponder the implication of the Prince's request, Ariel simply suggested Prince Eric's suggestion graciously, much as a proper princess would.I would be delighted, she signed.He nodded and turned around to open the door, stepping off to the side. She entered and felt every muscle and cord in her body tense and tighten as the heavy thud of the door had Ariel swallowing.She watched him remove his heavy cloak and toss it haphazardly over the back of a chair. The room was dark, lit only by the fire on the far side of the room. Other than that, the bedroom she now found herself in was sparse, empty, and impersonal.It seemed the Prince of these lands did not care for material possessions and owned very little, she was surprised to learn.Ariel wracked her brain for something to say, and finally, she found the words and signed the only thing to the Prince that she could.Thank you again, for…saving my life, she stammered, swallowing down past a lump in her throat as it tightened.Though Ariel blinked in surprise as a low guttural groan emanated from the back of the Prince's throat as he sank into a leather armchair that was facing the fire, pinching the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger. His eyes were closed, his elbow propped up on one of the arms of the chair as he motioned with a flourish of his arm for Ariel to occupy the chair across from him.She could only comply."Don't," he pleaded, lifting his head, his tone clipped and curt. Ariel flinched at the barbed tone in the Prince's voice, though the fury with which Eric spoke was not directed at his hearth keep. Eric was angry with himself, and at the circumstances which were ruining his life. "I cannot let you go on another moment thinking what happened tonight with the Princess was your fault. It wasn't, Ariel."Ariel stumbled back against the chair as far as she could lean, looking utterly shocked, as though Eric had hit her instead of Vanessa."Vanessa is no longer my concern," he hissed, hanging his head in remorse, cursing himself for not having done the right thing sooner.Would his life always be marred by her wickedness? He hoped not.The Prince's expression turned to repulsion at just the mention of her name. Eric shuddered and continued. "I cannot marry a woman I hold no love in my heart for," he nearly spat his words upon the floor through clenched teeth. His shame shadowed his features as he continued. "There is…much expected of me, Ariel, entirely too much sacrifice, if I am to be king of these lands," he lamented, burying his face in his hands. "Marriage to the Princess would have been the easy path," he said bitterly. "I thought…perhaps…there was a way that I could have all that life has denied me, but I would never love her if we had married," he said, a thoughtful smile finding his lips.Ariel blinked, feeling certain she had misheard.The Prince had ended his engagement to the Princess, but why?She regarded the wary young man uncertainly. For a moment, as Eric lifted his gaze and locked eyes with hers, he thought he saw a look of empathy find her eyes, only to watch it pass as quickly as it had appeared.She opened her mouth as if to speak, and for a moment, the Prince felt himself sitting up straighter so he was no longer slouching and leaning forward on the edge of his chair, hopeful she might speak. But when no words came forth and he did not hear her voice, his shoulders fell in disappointment and his expression instantly soured as he grew crestfallen. He hoped the disappointment did not show in his eyes, Eric thought bitterly to himself. Ariel drew in a ragged, almost painful sounding breath before 'speaking.'I am…sorry that it could not have worked out, Your Highness. My father…once forced me to try to marry a m…a man, from far away from here. He was…a Prince, just like you are, Your Highness, she fumbled through her words, suddenly looking pink in the cheeks. She blushed as she turned away from him, not wanting to meet his gaze as she accidentally signed the words she had not been intending to reveal.Gods, she had not been intending to let it slip to the master of the castle that she was, by birthright, a princess, but now that she had, she wondered what would become of it.Ariel could not understand why she felt her heart beat faster and her blood rush at the thought of what his reaction would be. His hearth keep's words hit Eric like a slap to the face. Eric could only gape at Ariel, his head spinning.The entire world rolled in and out in waves beneath him.Surely, he had misinterpreted the young woman's words wrong. She was…a royal? But where from? Why had he not heard of her?"Wh—what?" he spluttered softly. "What did you say?" He spoke through a mouth suddenly bone dry and in need of water, his tongue rendered heavy and useless in his mouth. His eyes were wild and desperate, as he clamored for understanding. By the look on the young woman's flushed face, he could tell that he had not misunderstood, judging by the way that she could not meet his gaze.She bit down on her lip, struggling to catch her breath. She had said too much, far too much. If she had been bared before the Prince before, she was now stripped of flesh and blood under his eyes, so that the very core of her was open to him.She looked up at him with wide eyes, hardly daring to read what was in his expression, but Eric was only looking at her with a horrible antagonizing hurt and disbelief, and something far deeper and stronger.Ariel closed her eyes. The tears that had been there started to spill over and caught on her lashes, hanging there for a moment before slipping wetly down her cheek. Angrily, the young woman clenched her fists and drew in another deep breath. For a moment, his chambermaid seemed at war with herself, but she finally let out the breath she had been holding in one long, heavy sigh.I…I never meant for it to happen like this. It was just…I was afraid and well…I ran. My father promised me to the prince of a rival clan off the coast of the Pacific Ocean when I was sixteen years old, to marry the moment that I turned eighteen a few weeks ago but he…we… she signed and faltered in her gestures, unable to complete her thought.This time, Eric did not mistake a single word, his eyes narrowed in intense concentration as he carefully studied her fingers' movements. Eric was unsure whether or not to feel elated or saddened on the girl's behalf."Is that why you fled?" he murmured, fighting with every fiber of his being to reach up and touch the woman's cheek.She flushed and shrugged her shoulders as she nodded her head, turning away from him and walking towards the fireplace, not wanting to meet his gaze. Yes. Was all that she signed to him. Eric stared after her intently in the opposite direction as he turned away, his mind feeling like it was utterly reeling. The picture that Ariel had just painted was slowly seeping into his brain, sinking in.Though as his sadness remained at the fact that she had likely lost someone she cared for on the ship that had sunk, a small smile tugged the edges of his mouth upward. He lost himself in visualizing her words.If his new hearth keep were a princess as she claimed to be, if she was not lying, if the documentation could be provided and proven to be legitimate and presented to his Heads of Household, then he might stand a chance, after all. There would be no need for him and Grimsby to keep the agreement with the region of Chales and he could marry Ariel, no need for this ridiculous political favor.Provided, of course, her claim could be proven true, and her father's blessing given.After a few seconds, he brought himself back to reality when he saw how still his hearth keep had become.Turning, he saw her gaping wide-eyed at the bed before her. The shadows played hide and seek among the bricked walls as the fire in the hearth flickered, sending its warmth and light throughout the room.Cinders glowed on the hearth where a bear pelt rug lay in front. A five-pronged candleholder was lit on the table, beside a slice of grain cake that was big enough for the two of them to share and a tin decanter of wine as dark as the night.On the wall hung a tapestry of galloping horses, their hooves crashing against the mud and water. But it was what rested underneath the painting that she was fixated on. The bed was staring back at them both; a wide sea of vair and silk.Ariel instantly looked away, looking like her insides had coiled and little beads of sweat started to glitter along her hairline. Her face held a stricken look.It was dread that filled the young woman's heart, he could tell, and Eric realized that Ariel was lost in a memory, one that had absolutely nothing to do with him at all.A pang of jealousy welled within his chest. He wondered if she loved this supposed prince her father had promised her to, and anger boiled in his veins at thoughts of the faceless, nameless man that had turned what should have been a beautiful experience into something traumatizing and regretful, an experience where his hearth keep had almost died.If he had been the one to whom her hand had been promised, Eric knew he would have made Ariel feel like a queen. He would have sooner had himself thrown into the fathoms below and be food for the sharks than to ever leave her or lose her if she were ever his wife. Perhaps they really would be married by now if her father had chosen him. Eric did not think he could stomach her pain.Desperate to ease her worry, he moved across the tiny chamber towards the table where the wine and two golden goblets rested. He filled half each and handed one to Ariel, offering his hearth keep what he hoped was a reassuring smile meant to comfort her.She looked hesitant but took it nonetheless as she watched him stride past her and towards the window.Eric held a large swallow of wine in his mouth for a moment before swallowing, grimacing as the burning liquid trailed down its throat, leaving a tingling sensation in its wake, still not facing her."This…other prince, the one that you left before marrying," he began speaking slowly, flinching as he witnessed Ariel slowly turn her head to regard him out of the corner of her gaze curiously, though her quizzical stare threatened to burn a hole right through him. "Did you love him? At all?" he asked, unable to quell the note of bitterness that seeped to the surface of his voice. To compensate for the awkward silence that lingered in the air between them the moment the question left his lips, he took another swallow of his wine.No. Ariel did not sign but shook her head numbly by way of response. She did not know why she suddenly felt the need to open her soul to him and be so brutally honest. She had not spoken of Marsious, not to anyone, since Father had summoned her to the throne room and announced within a few months, the merprince would be crossing into the Atlantic Ocean from the Pacific to claim her and take Ariel as his queen. She had attempted to block thoughts of the merman from her mind if at all possible.She felt it only right somehow, to address what they had both been thinking. She was not sure why she needed him to know that Marsious never owned her heart, though she still carried the scars over how he had treated her when the young prince had first lain eyes on her, and she, back then a smitten and foolish young mermaid, a stupid girl with stupid dreams who never learned her place.I thought he might love me, but he doesn't… Ariel tried to begin and felt her throat swamping with tears as the painful memory of how he had looked at her with those hot dark eyes of his swam to the surface of her mind and refused to let her alone. He looked at her as though she were a prize to be won, and Ariel would never forget the unsettling feeling. I was sure… She could not find the words. I was a fool.She cast her eyes downward, shaking her head with regret and hurt.Eric furrowed his brows into a frown as he pictured the precious treasure of Ariel's love. He imagined the gift of her heart and body and soul being handed to him. How could any man in their right mind possibly refuse it?Gods, what he would give to hold onto those shattered pieces within his grasp and call her his forever. For the second time that evening, Eric felt a familiar strange seeping pressure within his chest that spiraled throughout his body as a hot fire-seed of anger.He wished he could have challenged this so-called prince for the honor of Ariel's hand in marriage. Eric was so overcome with emotion that he had not realized his hands had clenched into two drawn fists as he stared into the depths of the fire. Ariel did not notice.With a great deal of effort, he forced his fists to relax and his breaths in his lungs to return to normal. His focus remained on finding Ariel's remorseful eyes once more. Gingerly, he reached up to caress her cheek and found the trail of a single tear there. He swore he heard his heart shatter into a thousand pieces and was surprised that Ariel could not hear it for herself. The hurt burgeoning within her eyes tore at him and broke his already fractured heart. He looked at her with so much affection, that it stole her breath away."No, Princess," he murmured, allowing the ghost of a smile to flit across his lips as he thought of how nice the title as it pertained to her sounded on his lips. He only wished he could be certain that what she told him was true, but he could sense that it was. What reason would Ariel have to lie to him? He could think of none. She did not strike him as manipulative. He gently brought her eyes to his. "He's the fool," Eric proclaimed, decidedly. "Nothing would make a man a bigger fool than to walk away from holding you in his arms."His deep, icy penetrating gaze seemed to reach for the depths of her soul. He wanted at this moment, more than anything, to reach over and kiss her, to feel her lips move in sync with his. But all he could manage to do was stare at her.Ariel could hardly breathe, feeling her breaths catch in her throat. She felt dizzy.She suddenly felt a rush of guilt and realized that in his way, Eric had little choice over his betrothal, much like she had over hers. Yet, here they were together, he was the one staring at her, listening to her tale of unrequited love.He did not laugh at her or jeer at her. No, Eric only wanted to encourage her, to do what he could to try to ease her pain, to make sure that she was alright, in the end. He seemed to hold no bitterness in his heart, only curiosity, and perhaps, she hoped, even a little bit of jealousy for Marsious. The Prince's empathy and selfless compassion gave the siren hope.Perhaps, there was a chance that he might hold feelings for her, considering he'd just asked her if she'd loved Marsious.Could it really be too much to hope that he might consider her a match?Eric hesitated, a muscle in his jaw twitching. He knew that if he stood here any longer in front of the fireplace like this, cupping Ariel's jaw in his hand as he was, fighting the trembling that threatened to betray him, then he would kiss the girl.He wanted her to feel her soft lips against his. He was certain he could make Ariel love him if only his chambermaid would give him a small chance, and perhaps, if her claims that she was a princess held true, if Grimsby could obtain the proof and documentation he needed, then he would consider Ariel a match. He watched Ariel, watching him, and thought perhaps he saw some small light of a myriad of emotions in her eyes as he silently beheld her. Eric hoped it was not simply what he wished to see.Eric reluctantly pulled away, not wanting to take advantage of the raw and tender heart Ariel had just poured open to him.Instead of declaring his growing interest and affections for his new chambermaid, he simply said in a flat and listless tone, "You look tired, Ariel. The trauma you went through must have been exhausting. We should…we should turn in, I think."An awkwardly casual statement, given the previous nature of their conversation.Ariel breathed out a shuddering breath, relieved to be saved from herself and the impropriety of her desires, and the thoughts that threatened to take control of her actions at any given moment.Y-yes. We—we should, she fumbled through her signing with shaking fingers. Tomorrow will probably be a long day."I'll escort you to your chamber, Ariel.Personally? Ariel blinked owlishly at the Prince, so taken aback she forgot to sign it. That surprised her slightly.She hoped that the Prince would accompany her there, not for any nefarious purpose, gods no, she would not use him in that way, but because her body could not stand anything else today, and not in the future. She nodded her head slowly, agreeing to his proposition. Eric offered Ariel his arm and she reluctantly accepted it, her body involuntarily leaning onto him, too traumatized and hurt to manage on her own. Her hand, Carlotta had told her, would likely need some sort of a sling to keep it still while it healed for a few days, but the physician, John, could see to that in the morning before breakfast.The two walked to her chamber in awkward silence, with Eric saying nothing, at the door, he paused and turned to face her.Eric squirmed a bit hesitantly, wondering if perhaps the idea beginning to take root in his mind in the hopes of spending more than a few minutes alone with this supposed princess of mysterious origins was ill-thought-out, but the desires of his heart were currently overruling his logic."I—I thought perhaps you might see fit to break your fast with me in the morning, Ariel. I'd like to make it up to you for Vanessa's behavior against you. I thought perhaps you might enjoy the company tomorrow, if...if you want," he stammered, fumbling over his words, but unable to disguise the note of hope that made its way to his quiet voice.Her mind still reeling from everything that had happened to her tonight and having expected some time to lose herself in the thoughts that were currently overwhelming her, Ariel answered Eric's impromptu suggestion with a weary stare.Oh, I…she began, biting down on her lip. I do have a-a great deal of work to do. And I'm sure with the Princess no longer marrying you, so do you in canceling the arrangements and informing….certain parties of your decision, Ariel tried to refuse him, fearful that another moment alone with the Prince may have her confessing her feelings. That she was starting to like him.Eric frowned, his expression crestfallen, though he tried to hide his disappointment that his hearth keep's attempted rejection had just caused him. Earnestly, Eric tried again, persistent."Well, ah," he stammered, wracking his brain, and thinking quickly on his feet, telling a small white lie for the first time in his adult life. "You—you need to eat, I won't have my chambermaid starving herself, and I've asked our chef to prepare something special for you, something that's not fish now that I know it upsets you," he fumbled through his words, the blush forming along his cheeks deepening as he gesticulated wildly with his hands and feeling more the fool so for being unable to articulate his point, not sure why he felt so flustered and unable to communicate what he wanted directly. That he wanted her to spend a morning with him, more than a few moments. The whole day, if she would allow it, and if Carlotta would, though he thought Carlotta could be persuaded easily enough.Ariel felt her resolve melt as she watched the desperate hope shining in his blue eyes.I suppose…I could…eat a bite, then if you insist, she allowed graciously and rewarded the Prince with a bashful white smile and made to turn away and disappear into the door, but before she could, the Prince spoke, halting her in her tracks, his voice holding a teasing lilt."I don't suppose I'd get a proper thank you for saving your life tonight?" he asked, and Ariel colored, grateful her face was to the door, so he didn't see her blush. Her eyebrows rose so far up onto her forehead as she slowly turned to face Eric. He was almost smiling at her, his blue eyes twinkling, his nose almost touching hers. She frowned.
   I thanked you, politely and cordially, Your Highness, I—don't…
"I meant no offense, Princess," he murmured, his voice low and husky as his eyes made a quick scan of her form. "I merely thought, if you do not wish to thank me as a Princess would to a Prince, as a heroine thanks her dashing hero, then I would like you to stop pretending that I am one," the Prince huffed, crossing his arms and leaning against the doorpost of her door with an adopted swagger that she was sure the Prince must have learned somewhere, perhaps from one of the guards, certainly not from Carlotta's husband.Ariel was stunned, unsure what to sign. Her mouth pursed into a hard straight line as she held eye contact with him, wondering what the Prince's angle was. She inexplicably felt a surge of defiant anger course through her as she lifted her gaze to his. Prince Eric's face gave absolutely no sign of what he was thinking, but when she placed her hands on his shoulders, he tensed underneath her touch.She had to lift herself onto the tips of her toes and pulled him down the rest of the way, considering the considerable height difference between the two of them was almost laughable. She placed her lips to his cheek gently in a chaste and gentle kiss to say her thanks. Her body trembled slightly, but she reminded herself that he had invited her into his private chambers, and he could have easily taken advantage of her then and there and had not. She did not think the Prince meant her any harm and would decide to trust him.When she took her lips away from his cheek, she boldly stared him right in the eye, and his face was still hunched towards hers.Thank you, she signed firmly, and Eric gave Ariel a little half-smile."You're welcome, Ariel," he murmured, and she flushed at hearing her name on his lips, and she turned to leave as he eyed the coloring of her cheeks with a strange interest, though the Prince quickly looked away for it not to be too strange. "Have a good night and sweet dreams…Princess."She did not turn back around to face him as she quietly slipped inside her room, her face reddening in embarrassment, though the ghost of a smile flitted across her face and tugged the edges of her mouth upward. She sighed. She slid down onto the floor once the door was shut behind her, put her knees to her chest, and hid her head between her legs, her body trembling as she allowed herself to feel the horrors of earlier now that she was well and truly alone since her encounter with the Princess had taken place.Ariel slowly felt the agitation and tension escaping her body, leaving her with a sense of confusion and dread.She quivered in it for a while, until dread filled her veins once again, combined with an intense wish never to encounter Princess Vanesa ever again if she could help it at all. She hoped that Vanessa got her due.She shakily rose to her feet and made her way towards the bed, scurrying beneath the blankets that covered the mattress. She did her best to relax and allow sleep to wash over her. The bed was soft and warm and was a welcome relief from being on her feet all day, an uncomfortable sensation to which she was still becoming accustomed. She laid there in the dark and tried to sleep as she closed her eyes, willing herself to wonder what the morning would hold for her since the Prince knew of her status as a princess now, though such a potential match could never be. Father would never approve, and the existence of their people would prove disastrous for both merkind and the human race, but she still could not deny that she hoped peace between their two worlds could one day exist.She tried to think of what the Prince wished to speak to her about over a meal in the morning, though the only thing that came for her were nightmares, horrible dreams filled with blood, murders, and death.Princess Vanessa's wild, psychopathic grin but with the glimmer of her aunt's eyes behind the mortal woman's irises. A beautiful white gown she wore, flowing, loose and comfortable, that no human currency could ever buy, stained red at the side.And a beautiful baby, surely no more than two months old, the image of a laughing child floated across her vision.It was a little girl, with large almond-shaped blue eyes just like her own possessing a head of black curls like that of the Prince's, her chubby little hands reaching up to her, asking to be held and comforted.Before Ariel could oblige, this beautiful image began to distort, the babe beginning to turn, like a shapeshifter, into a hideously malformed wretch, growing tentacles in places where she shouldn't, screeching and clawing at herself and her in utter malice, and then, before Ariel could stop it from happening, an enormously large tentacle shot up from the water, and dragged the babe—her babe—under the water, the only thing left of her child the small white linen dress she had been wearing—the sound of her aunt's laughter ringing in her eardrums. She woke up drenched in a cold sweat. The walls of her chambers seemed to be closing in around her, suffocating her, some horrible, indescribable evil that crawled to her from the shadows in the corners of her room.The darkness bared its teeth and growled at her, its yellow eyes shining in the dark like pinpricks. She woke up for real this next time, horror flooding through her veins as slick tears poured down her cheeks. The growling stayed with Ariel as she managed to fall asleep for the third time, the darkness more than willing to accept the frustrated and confused siren into its cold embraces, satisfied that it could torment her some more, with Ariel not realizing that it was her aunt's magic well at play, hard at work.
ERIC did not know how long he stayed outside his hearth keep's chambers, unaware of the torment she suffered at the icy grip of her nightmares, side effects of her aunt's magic. He stood rooted to his spot, unable to move a single muscle. The skin on his cheek still tingled and burned where his chambermaid had pressed her lips. The cool, soft brushing of Ariel's tender lips burned his skin and had his chest constricting and stomach twisting in an uncomfortable bundle of nerves and desire for this young woman.When she had walked towards him that single half step to close off the gap of space between them, he'd felt his heartbeat rise and when her hands had gone to his shoulders and gently pulled him down, his brain had gone numb.His eyes remained fixated on her beautiful, perfect face, her sparkling blue eyes, and that stunning auburn hair of hers. Her beauty rocked him to his core and for the smallest of moments, Eric could forget who he was, what he was, and the mess of the state of his life.Her lips were hot and cold at once, freezing and burning the Prince to the bone. His jaw tingled, the fine hairs on the back of his neck rose, and his chest tightened with desire as his mind replayed that single kiss to the cheek, over and over.The moment Ariel had pulled away from him and closed the door behind her, every inch of the Prince protested. Everything within him demanded he go to her, to summon the courage to kiss her, and to tell her that he did not care if it took him years of his life, he would travel to wherever it was in this world her clans lived, and speak to her father and ask her father, a king if he was, for Ariel's hand.He frowned as he remembered the fear in her face when the guard, Vanessa's man, Ser Brutus, had reached for her, the pleading, tear-filled look in her blue eyes. It stopped him dead in his tracks. He had made up his decision right then and there.No matter what consequences came to him from Grimsby or even Vanessa's parents for ending his engagement with the Princess of Chales, he would have Ariel as his wife one day, even if he would have to wait years for her to open up and trust him, no matter how long it took her, he would wait. 

He would just need to be patient, to allow Ariel to open up and come to him, and he would hopefully earn her trust, and in the end, the young woman's heart. He told himself this as he turned on the heels of his boots and disappeared down the hallway from the servants' quarters towards the east room, to his chambers. 

As his chest tightened, rendering him feeling lightheaded and his thighs burned with desire, Eric reassured himself that someday, somehow, Ariel would be his.He fell into bed once he entered his room, and as he drifted off to sleep, images of bright sparkling blue eyes and red hair swirled around in his tired head. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 10 

TERROR rooted itself deeply in the pit of Vanessa's stomach as the hours passed. She did not know how long she lay on her mattress, minutes, hours, days, it did not matter, bitter tears streaming down her cheeks. It was not the ending of her engagement itself that bothered her so much as she lay upon the mattress of her bed, staring numbly at the ceiling with cold and listless brown eyes. But it was knowing that the wench, Ariel, would have the satisfaction of having the Prince's heart and affections all to herself. She contemplated on the plan she had in mind. For she loved Prince Eric dearly, and if her sinister plot could throw him off the red-haired wench, then it might very well cost him his life as well.
And should that happen, a dangerous voice whispered behind her neck, causing the fine hairs to stand up on end, then none would have claimed Prince Eric. Not her, or Tandy or Violet or Molly, not even the 'siren of the sea,' as the kitchen wenches were calling her, as she'd learned when the blonde lass, Molly, had brought her meal to her earlier.
Eric was demented if he thought ending their engagement meant that he would be rid of her that easily, for she had no intentions of boarding the ship bound for Chales come the dawn's first rays as they crested over the horizon when the sun rose. She found her stomach turning at the thought of a disgusting common woman holding the noble Prince's heart.
It would be almost as bad as if she were to find a random guard, a nobody, and give herself over to him. These thoughts only lasted half a second before another name flashed itself before her eyes, searing itself into Vanessa's reeling brain.
Ursula. As hard as the Princess tried, she could not manage to rustle up the disgust and horror she knew she should feel for the beautiful but strange woman she had met on the beach. She tried to remember how beautiful the older woman had looked, the lovely dark curly hair that was thicker and prettier than hers was, and full, luscious pink lips, ripe for kissing if a man was of a mind to, and who wouldn't be.
The witch's face alone was enough to attract an entire army to her side, but it was the witch's eyes that were the true prize. Searing catlike green eyes that made Vanessa feel disturbed by the way the witch had looked at her, and she just recently realized when she looked at her with those hot, dark eyes, the stare that made her feel as if she were penetrating her very psyche and seeing into her heart and soul, that she was. She tried to recall how uneasy she had felt in the witch's presence the moment the pact between them was sealed. Could she really allow Ursula to use her in that way?
Vanessa told herself that she was a witch, a user of the Dark arts of magic, and she was every bit a princess.
She was above this Ursula in every possible way. It should be abhorrent that she should have even had to enlist her help in the first place. But as she thought of how she was above her, the image of Eric with Ariel in an intimate way that she has longed for since first laying eyes on him when they were younger, would not leave her mind.
Bitter tears streamed down her face at the thought as she ground her teeth in anger. All she was aware of was the aching in her heart for Eric, whom she would now not marry, because of her. Ariel.
A horrible, abrupt bitterness seeped its way into the pit of her churning stomach and almost made her retch the dinner she'd eaten earlier. There was no hatred in the world stronger than what she felt for the wench.
When Vanessa thought she could stand the space inside her skin no longer, when there were no more tears left within her to cry and she could have filled the well outside with the wretched little drops had she gathered them all in a vial, Vanessa rose from her chair in front of the hearth, slowly, barely able to support her weight upon her shaking legs.
Everything within her called out for the Prince. He was near, somewhere, she felt his presence. She needed to see the Prince. She raced to the window and looked towards the sky. The light had disappeared from the sky long ago.
In her rage and stupor, she had not even noticed.
She pressed her face against the tiny spaces between the boards which barred her view. Her fingers pried desperately at the planks, trying to pull them from the frame into which they were nailed tightly. They did not budge. Curling her fist against the sturdy panels in a moment of rage, Vanessa screeched at the top of her lungs like a banshee.
"Eric!" Her shriek echoed from every corner of the room. Vanessa fell to her knees as the strength in her legs dissipated and gave out beneath her, burying her face in her hands, and wailing as if the force of her sheer will could open the path she needed. She felt the exhausting rasping of her lungs when the air finally failed her. The taste of blood surged in her mouth, a bitter disgusting taste, from her raw throat. She sat on her knees on the cold hard floor of the Prince's guest bedroom in the estate, gasping for breath, her mind racing ahead of her. She knew she had to find a way to see him.
It was then that she remembered. Vanessa had not heard the turn of the lock when the cute petite little blonde, Molly, had exited her room after bringing Vanessa her dinner earlier. Vanessa's dark, moisture-filled eyes widened as she raised her head in shocked anticipation. Molly, the daft dumb blonde bimbo, had left the door unsecured, had forgotten to lock it.
The Princess rose as if in a frantic dream. Vanessa stumbled to the bed and rifled through the garments she had yet to pack. She could not go to the Prince in her night shift. She sighed with gratitude as she changed quickly, onto a deep red velvet gown the color of blood with long flared tow sleeves and a fitted bodice. She laced her boots up with shaking fingers and ran her hands through her long dark hair in anguish, wishing she had time to plait it and make herself look more presentable and less manic, but time was not on her side, and she was beginning to grow desperate. She could feel it.
Her only wish was to see Eric. Vanessa trembled violently as she stumbled toward the door in a daze, almost afraid to hope. Her slender fingers curled around the brass doorknob like the knob was a lifeline and held her breath as she gingerly twisted the metal in her palm. The air in her lungs threatened to burst forth in relieved laughter when the door swung open with a loud creak, revealing the darkened corridor beyond the confines of her room.
The wench hadn't locked it, after all.
Cautiously, she stepped forth towards her freedom, towards Eric, peeking to the left and right, breathing out a barely audible sigh of relief as she noticed there were no guards posted outside of her door. Like a phantom, Vanessa slipped through the shadows of the castle. There was no way for the Princess to discern just how far away she was from Eric and no telling who she might meet along the way, even given the lateness of the hour now. She knew exactly where he would be.
Somehow, she had to find her way there. Spurred on by her love for the man who had betrayed her and broken her heart, all Vanessa knew was that she had to keep moving, lest someone discover her out here and sends her back to her room.
Vanessa marveled at the clarity that formed in her thoughts as she continued quietly down the hall, moving as swiftly as she could. Eric was so close to her. She needed only to make it to the man's chambers. Then, she would see him.
Her only concern, for now, was reaching the Prince.
The Princess hoped the rest would simply take care of itself. There were only a few guards attending the East Wing of the castle at this time of night, and they were located along the perimeter on the far end of the hall.
Vanessa could hear them down some of the passages she crossed, but none of them appeared along her route, thank the gods for that, too.
This made her certain that the gods themselves were leading her straight towards Prince Eric. At least, it gave the humiliated princess hope to think that was the case. Each step to her seemed endless, like miles long. Her pace was painstakingly slow, as she dared not to let down her guard. She could not allow herself to be detected.
She had to see the Prince. Then, as she turned on her heels on the same corner, she barely noticed when the Prince's quarters came into view until she stood in front of the oak door.
Forcing her gasping breaths and racing heart to quiet, Vanessa tenderly pressed her ear against the oak of the wooden panel. The only sound that greeted her was the sound of silence. Eric must be asleep by now, she tried to rationalize.
Suddenly, the Princess became filled with doubts.
As she had ventured forth from the confines of the gloomy guest bedroom to which she had been confined for the duration of the night, all she had envisioned was the joyous reunion with the Prince for which she had longed, now that he'd had some time to allow his anger to cool, surely, she hoped, that he would take back his words that were spoken out of anger.
That he had not meant his words when he'd ended their engagement. Now, when she was so near to him that she could almost feel him, Vanessa realized with a horrible sinking feeling in the pit of her belly that the Prince might not be as elated to see her in the way she hoped for. Vanessa did not know what would become of herself if Eric could not find it within her heart to forgive her. She fought against every fiber of her being not to lose her nerve.
Above her doubts that plagued her mind, through her fear, there was one thing of which the Princess was certain.
She loved Eric as no woman had ever loved a man before, and she needed to see him, no matter what.
There was no door throughout the estate that was going to impede the Princess of Chales from her goal. She took a deep breath and fingered the look. She carried no dagger on her person with which to protect herself nor she could use at the moment to force open the mechanics of the lock. Stepping backward, Vanessa's jaw clenched itself uptight as she felt the horrible aching whelm settle over her person, the sting of frustration and defeat.
She breathed out a defeated sigh, and raised her eyes upwards to the ceiling, begging the gods for their assistance.
Then, her eyes fell upon the end of the corridor. There, standing at attention, was a shining suit of golden armor. She recognized the markings as the King's armor, from Eric's parents' reign. Vanessa's eyes widened in delight as she rushed towards the grand suit of metal that Eric would one day wear.
As she neared, she could make out the scuffs, dents, and scratches. Some of which, there were rumors, that came from the spear tips of the merfolk that lived in the fathoms below, deep in the depths of the oceans.
Vanessa scowled, wondering if the rumors floating about the castle courtesy of the maids and kitchen wenches were true, if the girl Eric had saved from the remnants of the shipwreck was a siren, though what siren could not talk. What kind of a siren was Ariel if she could not lure menfolk to their death with her most beautiful song? A pathetic one, that's what kind.
She almost laughed to herself as she reached for the shoulder and squeezed her slender fingers beneath the pauldron, groping for the leather sashes that held the plates together.
With just a few twitches of her hand, she grabbed at the metal buckle at the end of the strap.
The jostling of the King's golden armor rang loudly in her ringing eardrums as she tugged fiercely, a grunt of effort squeaking its way past her barely cracked lips, trying to separate the steel from the leather. Vanessa prayed to the gods there was no guard close enough to hear the clanking, but remained undeterred in her efforts to pick the lock.
Much to the Princess's relief, after a few moments, the buckle ripped harshly through the brittle hide. She hastily retrieved the small square harness and clasped it tightly to her chest as she shuffled her way towards Prince Eric's chamber door. In one fluid motion, she twisted the buckle around, pushing up the golden prong so she could use it to pick the lock.
Slowly, carefully, Vanessa inserted the tine into the keyhole of the door and finagled the gears and tumblers, repressing her squeal of delight as she heard them give way. A few careful turns and the lock then let loose its hold upon the lack.
Vanessa twisted the knob and let out a triumphant, satisfied sigh when the door swung open and inward before her as if it had been waiting for the Princess's surprise arrival. She quietly slipped into the Prince's quarters.
Standing as still as a tree, she took a moment to allow her eyes to adjust to the darkness within the room.
She did not even feel her movements as she drew closer towards the Prince, able to make out the handsome man's outline as he lay soundly on the thick mattress of his bed. Her eyes never left Eric's form.
Visions of what they might have shared filled her mind, every nerve in her body tingled. Her lips tingled at the thought of the kisses that the Prince had not yet given her. She longed to make her presence known, to take the man in her arms and never let him go, though not before snapping the wench Ariel's neck to ensure the girl would not be a problem for the two of them going forward. This night, however, she would have to be satisfied simply to gaze upon him.
Vanessa would earn Eric's trust back in the morning light. Until then, she simply needed to know that it was she who heard his heart, not this 'siren of the sea.' Upon finally standing alongside the Prince, all Vanessa could do was stare.
The angles of the man's features were illuminated by the firelight in the hearth. His shoulders softly rose and fell as he slept. The Princess lost herself listening to the song of his gentle sighs. Her arms ached to wrap themselves around her and selfishly keep his warmth for herself. Yet it was the Prince's face that brought the final blow to her heart.
The man's color of his complexion resembled that of dying ashes from a fire, the healthy tanned glow of his skin startingly absent. The skin of his strong brow was pulled taut across the bone in disturbed sleep, his expression filled with a mixture of pain, horror, and utter broken-heartedness, a sure result of hidden visions behind closed lids that she could not glimpse but wished to take from him. His breaths hitched in uneven intervals, sending quivers along with his sorrowful frame.
A word found its way into the open air, pleading. Her name.
Ariel's.
Her stomach twisted as she felt all the color drain from her face. She should not have come here.
Cold sweat ran through her temples with every step backward she took. Her skin was now doused in sweat, her veins pulsing within her in anger and dejection. She barreled out of the room before the Prince could open his eyes and perceive the eyes of someone staring at him in the intimacy of his private dreams and down the stairwell of the second floor of the castle as fast as her legs could take her until her knees decided that she could go no further, and she slid along the wall in her wretchedness, and finally, the fire of vengeance boiling in her blood took her over completely.
Even in sleep, her Prince was thinking of his wench, and the thought almost made her retch as bile rose in her throat.
She shuddered and forced herself to swallow it back down as she shakily rose to her feet.
Vanessa felt her cracked heartbreak, never to be made whole again, as if her feet moved swiftly and silently as if by rote memory of the castle, walking a few miles until she reached the beach, standing in almost precisely the same spot where she had first encountered the strange witch. She was half of a mind to hope that she would spot the woman again.
Fat tears spilled from the edges of her eyes despite her best efforts to quell them back. Vanessa colored slightly as her face flushed as she thought of Ariel. She felt her chest constrict as visions of the wretch's face, lovely as sunrise it was, prettier than hers, flooded through the Princess's reeling mind. As she felt a cold chill of air settle behind her, the skin on the back of her neck prickled. Vanessa did not even need to turn around to sense that it was the witch again.
But she turned her head anyways slightly to the side, to find the tall witch standing in front of her, still wearing the same robes as before, but just as beautiful.
"Your Highness," Ursula remarked in a voice that feigned surprise. "What a pleasant surprise, though I confess myself surprised to find you back so soon. What have you come to see me for, pet?" she asked, though she looked and sounded as though she already knew the answer the Princess of Chales would offer up and was merely waiting for Vanessa to say it.
"I…" Vanessa's voice cracked, and she repressed the urge to shiver as Ursula reached for her hand and gave it an affectionate pat that was intended to convey comfort but her surprisingly tender touch had the opposite effect. She swallowed past a lump in her throat and furiously wiped away the last drop of a sore and stinging tear with her sleeve. "Make the pain stop. Hurt me if you must, if that's what it takes to make this end, but please, I beg of you, make it stop," she whispered in a hoarse voice so faint it was barely heard over the sound of the waves crashing on the cliffside.
Vanessa repressed the urge to shiver as she had thought that perhaps Ursula had forgotten her promised prize—or perhaps she had merely hoped against hope that the wise woman would forget, knowing the price she owed her now would be triple whatever she would ask the Princess for in return. Ursula would be compensated. She would take something precious from her, but the only question was what and when. She had her answer, as the woman leaned in close to her ear.
"I believe, you poor unfortunate soul, there is a prize that you owe me. I told you, did I not, that this moment for you would come, when you realize your precious Prince's heart is no longer yours and it never was," she whispered in a voice as smooth as silk, her hot breath tickling against the cold skin of Vanessa's neck.
Vanessa shivered. Folding her arms across her chest, she did her best to look haughty. "I am aware," she growled through gritted teeth. "What is it that you would have of me, witch?" she asked in a low voice.
She could feel the woman smile against her throat.
"I do not ask you for much. Merely, my lady, your body…" she purred in a smooth seductive tone.
Vanessa spun to face Ursula, startled and quite alarmed, taken completely aback by the witch's ask.
"You—you overstep your boundaries, witch," she all but shouted at Ursula, her dark eyes narrowing. "The—the impropriety of what you ask of me is—"
"Is mine to take as I will," Ursula interrupted, cutting the Princess off from her argument that was failing.
Vanessa felt her mouth go dry and her chest cave in terror as the emotion seized her entire body. As the witch straightened her gait and calmly approached the Princess, who was now attempting to retreat, though she tripped over the long hem of her dress and tumbled backward onto the sand with a pained grunt, she thought she had never felt fear quite like this.
She felt tears touch her eyes as the witch strode closer towards her and the Princess waited, fearfully.
She knew her chances of escaping were slim to none. The witch would likely catch her before she could make it two feet. The witch could likely snap her in half like a twig with the magic that coursed in her veins, but there was a look in the woman's piercing eyes of green that told the Princess without words that Ursula's intentions for her were much more sinister. Her right arm rose over her, and Vanessa put her hands up. She supposed some would think it ironic that she was likely about to be murdered by this woman, but to her, it felt like a horrible betrayal. She was no doubt ridiculous to feel betrayed by this witch. Ursula owed her nothing special, after all, and now, she was sure to be killed and left for dead…
Vanessa tried to crawl away as the witch continued her methodical and calm approach, horror spreading throughout her with some growing panic that she could not suppress as fat tears slipped from the edges of her eye and rolled down her cheek. She could not surrender so easily to this woman.
She was a Princess of Chales, she would not beg this witch for mercy, and would not give the witch the satisfaction of seeing her tears. To conceal them, she sharply turned her head away and looked for a way out.
"Be a good girl, poppet, and it will only hurt for a moment…"
She heard her speak to her again, but Ursula's voice was muffled as if speaking to her underwater. Vanessa shook her head, beads of sweat beginning to glitter along her scalp.
Gathering enough strength on her throat, she managed an answer. "I—I'm fine, I-I don't.."
"Yes, you will be, dear, once I'm finished…"
Heat spasms dragged across Vanessa's body, wave after wave. Her vision blurred and everything surrounding them seemed to revolve. She could not even hear herself, just the heavy stillness of the ringing on her ears. She just wanted it to stop. Her stomach heaved a pressure she was so unfamiliar with, and before she knew it, she felt Ursula's arm snake its way around her small waist, and almost gently, the witch pressed her form against hers. Vanessa had not even recalled Ursula moving towards her. The woman had appeared almost magically close in front of her, and she abhorred it.
"Let me go…ah…" Vanessa shoved Ursula. She shoved her chest, she was sure, strong, and harsh, she was sure of it. But her efforts all seemed futile as Ursula was still clinging onto her, untouched and unmoved, never flinching, as tendrils of golden light emanated from her skin and swirled around her body.
Her breathing had become filled with panic as the witch's magic began to take effect. No. Please. No… Her tongue felt thick and when she tried to speak, it was like there was a gag on her mouth, to which Ursula responded by placing a finger to her lips.
"Shh…it will be over soon. I promise, Princess."
Vanessa shivered as she felt the witch's breath on her earlobe. The fine hairs on the back of her neck bristled.
She did not understand what was happening to her. "Dying…?" she whispered weakly as she gave another slight push, but Ursula closed in on her, eyeing her predatorily like a shark smelling blood. The witch kept one hand on the back of her head, pressing the side of her face against her shoulder, and the other arm wound around her waist, preventing the Princess from attempting to escape as the witch was taking what was rightfully hers. Her body. Ursula was so calm it made Vanessa feel sicker. There was a hallowing on the bridge of her nose that spilled slowly down one nostril. She lacked the strength to wipe it off with the sleeve of her gown, but she did not need to confirm it was blood.
Damn you…curse you… The witch was sure to kill her. She was sure to die. This woman has poisoned her and planned to use her body for some sick, nefarious purpose, Vanessa was sure of that much.
She was dying. I'm dying, aren't I? When it occurred to the Princess that she was slowly passing out of this world to allow her body to become a vessel for the sea witch, it almost sent Vanessa's mind insane.
 I'm dying. She was grateful, at least, that her death seemed to be a peaceful one. At least, she thought, this witch has not taken her head or slit her throat, punctured her heart, nor burned her skin with fire.

  I go now…

A lone wretched tear slipped from her eye, almost smiling. The last thing she saw before her consciousness faded away was a sandpiper. She could hear it chirping frantically and scuttling away on the sand following the ebb and flow of the tides.
The last thing Princess Vanessa of Chales felt before her world went blank, was a hot, unending shame.

THE inky darkness pooled around the King of Atlantica as if it sought to permeate the skin of the wizened merman's torso and drag him down to the black abyss of hell he was sure he deserved. The dark skies above his head as he sat perched upon a rock near the cliffs of the shore where he had last spoken with his sister looked as if it were melting, spreading its heavyweight over the land of the humans. No sounds echoed from the beachside or the streets of the marketplace. No breezes lifted the thick oppressive weight of the stagnant air around him. Not even the ship bells rang in the bay nearby.
Tonight was a kind of night that made a merman regret every choice he had ever made and caused his past mistakes to haunt him. King Triton perched himself on a boulder, lost in thought, the edges of his thick white beard twitching without any prompting. It would appear to the casual observer if you were fortunate enough to stumble across a merperson in your lifetime, that the wizened king was simply taking in the view that stretched from the land to the sea. However, it was far too dark to see at that great a distance and the king's thoughts were anything but casual. He enjoyed his world below.
He could stay busy, his duties and the business of the kingdom kept Triton occupied. It was when the city below quieted, and the distractions stilled the king's mind that traveled to places that Triton would rather not go.
Tonight was one such night for the troubled King of Atlantica. Triton breathed deep the salty, briny air of the sea, though suddenly, something behind him shifted in the shadows. When the cold chill swept through him as the glimmer of blue-grey scales glistening caught his eye, and his ears perked up as the familiar splashing of water as another merman approached the surface reached him, he closed his eyes and sighed tiredly, frustrated.
Triton did not even need to look to see who it was.
"You certainly took long enough, my son," he muttered. The shadow sat alongside the King perched rather precariously on a boulder close to Triton. The other merman's cold grey stare sent a chill down his already frozen veins.
He was not sure why his voice harbored such dread as he turned slowly to face the Prince to whom Ariel's hand in marriage had been promised when she came of age.
"You are late, Marsious." It was difficult for the King to keep the biting, accusatory note out of his rumbling, baritone voice.
"Your people know me," Marsious responded in a clipped tone. "Getting passed does not come easy."
"Nothing comes easy, Your Highness, you know it."
"Of course." Marsious turned towards him as an awkward silence greeted the two mermen. Triton met the much younger merman's gaze and saw within the promising young prince a horrible wave of sadness. The Prince's eyes, an ocean blue, watched Triton in anticipation as storm clouds that were of Poseidon's making rolled in, promising a deluge of a storm soon. The scent of the ocean filled his nose, of salt, sand, and plankton. The young Prince eyed the King questioning. "In what dilapidated corner of the human world have you brought me?" Marsious leered harshly towards Triton.
Triton bristled at the disrespect in his voice, but he remained silent for a moment in hoping to forestall the conversation that he feared was inevitable. "It matters not where, Prince, no doubt you are wondering why I have asked you to meet me here instead of my throne room," Triton answered lowly, almost emotionless, still refusing to meet his gaze.
The young Prince nodded, unable to help but wonder what the reasons were for his summons.
He had mentioned his bride but would not state if his youngest daughter was in any sort of trouble or not. His stomach tightened at the very thought. He was at a loss for what King Triton could have wanted of him.
However, he was eager to do anything he could for the King who was to become his father-in-law.
"Yes, Your Grace," he chuckled, though a bit embarrassed, as if the king had heard the thoughts that were echoing through his mind. Prince Marsious had always gotten the impression that he knew the thoughts of others. Perhaps that was another part of being embodied with the powers of Poseidon, too.
King Triton looked thoughtful for a moment before he spoke.
"I would ask for your service to my youngest daughter, Ariel," he said, subdued.
Marsious was suddenly concerned. His sense alert as if lovely Ariel were perched on the boulder alongside him.
"Is your daughter in any danger, Your Grace?" he asked urgently, eager to provide any help needed. "Your Highness, if you would do me the courtesy of being honest." Marsious's tone was deadly serious now. "You mentioned in your message to me that Ariel is well, but nothing more and nothing less than that." His grey eyes were pained. "Tell me, where is my bride." His tone was hopeful.
King Triton was quick to pick up on the younger merman's worry.
"She is here," King Triton responded, his words barely portraying the monumental importance of his harsh news.
"Here? On land?" Marsious held his breath, unable to believe that she was so near, or what in gods' name could have led Ariel to come to land, and how that had happened. Then, a thousand questions flitted through his mind. But only one that the flustered Prince could give a voice to. "I don't…why?"
He could not fathom that the youngest daughter of King Triton and Queen Athena would quit her oath to her kin.
Or had they quit her? What had been like for her in Atlantica after he had left to return home? He felt hollow at the thought that perhaps he might be to blame for how she wound up here.
"I have dishonored you somehow, Your Majesty," the Prince murmured, guilt in his tone and his eyes. "Your kin has turned her out, haven't they? They have banished her to exile?" he conjectured. His face drained of color. He could only stare.
King Triton studied him, noting the dire dread with which he contemplated his interpretation of Ariel's fate. He shook his head, hoping to assuage the young Prince's unmitigated fear.
"No, boy. You have not." Triton shook his head. "Quite the contrary." His expression softened somewhat. The King looked at the Prince with akin to sympathy and compassion in his eyes. He had been afraid he would misunderstand. "Your Highness. You are more skilled, stronger, and more honorable than any merman in the four oceans I have ever encountered. My request to speak to you has nothing to do with any failure on your part. Please believe me when I tell you that you have more than lived up to the expectations that were placed upon you when I offered you my daughter's hand, more so."
The furrow of confusion between Marsious's brows only deepened, and the merman's bewilderment grew.
King Triton knew he could not allow the Prince to think his behavior towards his daughter was anything less than exemplary. He attempted to diffuse the sense of defeat he sensed within the younger merman. "The truth is that I am in desperate need of your assistance here on land. My daughter has brokered a deal with my sister. It is my understanding from her sisters she was expressing...doubts about her pending marriage to you and she chose to flee to land in hopes of escaping the wedding. And for that, she needed my sister's abilities in Dark magic. She is…she is now human." King Triton's voice warbled and cracked at the utterance of the last word, and there was no disguising the note of disgust in his tone.
Marsious's grey eyes registered a moment of shock, not imagining the mermaid he loved could be so close to him.
"What?" he questioned incredulously, angrily, certain he had heard the King of Atlantica incorrectly. "A—a human?"
The King did not answer the Prince but merely stared solemnly, acknowledging the truth of his revelation through his silence. The Prince could understand that Ariel's father would never weave so horrible a falsehood about something so dear and precious to him, especially not his youngest daughter.
As the realization sank in, Marsious's expression hardened, as if he were almost beginning to feel Ariel's presence through some type of bond. His heart felt as though she were but paces away, he need only to call for her, and she would come.
Every part of him suddenly yearned to become a human, that he could set out in search for his affianced.
Marsious's eyes bore into him as he followed the King's every word.
King Triton continued. "I would ask to call upon you to bring my daughter home. I cannot venture on land myself, Ursula would be expecting that I would make an attempt, and my sister has made it blatantly clear if I try, then Ariel dies."
The Prince was slowly realizing that what the King was asking of him was of far greater importance than simply marrying his youngest daughter. The opportunity her father was giving her to save his life and bring her home was one that he must not refuse. He could not. Suddenly, there was nothing more she wanted more than to undertake this new challenge.
The King's eyes were hopeful, and he seemed almost to be shaking with anticipation.
"Bring my daughter home to me, to her sisters, and I guarantee once you marry, you will want for nothing ever again."
"I will." The words were ripped from his lips in earnest before Marsious could even fathom what was happening.
He earned a curt nod from Triton, who raised his trident and pointed it squarely at the Prince's chest. Marsious closed his eyes and waited for the inevitable searing and burning pain that would ravage his body as the King's magic transformed him into a human, but that moment for him never came. There was a strange seeping pressure in the lower half of his body, and there was some romance of pain at first, but the warmth that spread throughout his body felt welcoming.
It was one of the strangest feelings the Prince had ever encountered. He was skeptical of it at first, wondering when the pain would come for him once the shock caught up as he summoned enough courage to peek open one eyelid and glance down at his new human legs. But he came to understand that this was a good thing.
Something that he would cherish if this would help him find and locate Ariel and return her under the sea where the siren belonged.
The King swept his narrowed eyes up and down Prince Marsious's form. No one feature made the Prince so handsome, though the Prince's grey-blue eyes came close. His gaze lingered on the thick blond curls of the merman's hair and then drifted to settle at the darkening circles, prominent purple bags that clung to the skin under his lids.
"You look terrible, Highness. Get some sleep while on land, and some sunlight if possible. Your eyes are darker than my dead brother's soul." King Triton irritably pointed at the rims of Prince Marsious's sleepless lids. "You will bring her home."
"I owe you," was all Prince Marsious could think to say, though he furrowed his brows in thought. Really, sunlight?
"Damned you do, boy. I've made you human, but are you sure that you could find my daughter alone?" Triton asked.
He nodded. Ariel's father considered his daughter's betrothed before heaving a frustrated sigh, pinching at the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger.
The merman's next words were brought about by Triton's usual intimidating voice, gravel-laced and vitriol-filled.
"Now, listen. I am aware of your…past behaviors, shall we say. Consider your marriage to my daughter an opportunity, Your Highness, to remove some of the stains on your and your kin's name, Prince. My people are known to talk, and words could reach the tips of the Arctic Ocean faster than a dolphin swimming against the edges of my kingdom but while you are on land YOU. WILL. BEHAVE. You will, and you should, if you value keeping your head attached to your body, Your Highness. Find my daughter and reap the rewards as soon as she is home safe. You will do this for me, and I am not asking you, Marsious." King Triton did not wait for Prince Marsious to respond, continuing in a much lower voice, his expression grim as a watery grave. "I have been…hearing rumors," he scowled, the edges of his mouth pinching downward in a frown as he recalled the crabs here on land who frequented the beaches delivering what news they could. "Sebastian, in particular, said therein appears a budding interest between a prince of these lands and my daughter. He's taken to spending his days here on land on the beach, trying to learn what he can from passerby who has been near my Ariel." The furrow between the King's white brows deepened as he pondered over this troubling development. "It is not impossible, even I know that. My daughter is a great beauty, even without her voice, it is only natural a man here on land would take an interest in her."
At hearing Atlantica's king's words, Marsious's face hardened and a muscle behind one of his eyes gave a spasmodic twitch.
King Triton basked on the way the turned merman's eyes were sneering, burning indignantly with intense hatred and ire. He could not help the scoff that escaped the back of his throat as he fought against the urge to roll his eyes, somewhat amused. "Your face says it. Investigate these rumors. Trust, but be wary."
The Prince's heart was pumping pure adrenaline so much that he could not even move forward on his new human legs.
"Then you don't trust me too much," he spat out bitterly.
"Nonsense. I have my own devices, Highness. I am a hothead, not an idiot. Sebastian should know better, the crab was the one who recommended that I call for you, Marsious."
Marsious staggered backward onto the beach, making way for the King of Atlantica to slide off of the boulder he was perched upon and back into the water. "To your daughter, then," Marsious felt himself half-smile as he made to turn away.
The King did not respond, merely offered a curt incline of his head. Until the King of Atlantica disappeared below the surface of the ocean did the Prince turn on his bare heels, as a pressing ache settled in Marsious's gut, and he found himself wandering on the beach in need of someone, his blood, and emotions a riot of boiling and staggering at once.
He knew who it was that he needed to see.
Ariel.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 11
THE morning came, and it was surprisingly empty. Ariel felt hollow. There were demons around her, and she was deep in the dark chasm. Though she had slept through the majority of the night, rest appeared to be an elusive concept for King Triton's youngest daughter. Her head felt heavy, throbbing at the sides of her temples, her legs did not want to move an inch, her hands trembled, and her injured hand throbbed. Most of all, she felt stupid and humiliated.How could she have thought she would have been able to tame the Princess of Chales in just a single attempt to reach the vain and arrogant woman? Her blue eyes opened sleepily at the rapping on the window. The breeze was as unruly as her red hair. She let herself have a few more sloth blinks before rethinking the events of last night that had led her to bed without changing into her sleeping robes. The rims of her eyes were heavy and sore from her dreams.She had cried in her sleep, screaming silently into the fabric of her pillow, and was grateful that she had eventually fallen into sleep, however fitful it was. Ariel was thankful for the abyss that engulfed her for even a short while. And she wished to have stayed there forever, to see Mother and Father again, her sisters, with Mother still roaming through the ocean.She missed Mother. Gods, she missed her terribly, and Father, her sisters, her pet Flounder too, but the thought of her family has not filled her eyes with tears as she expected it would, as perhaps her tear ducts were already dried up.The silent siren approached the water basin waiting for her beneath the mirror and gazed at her reflection on the stilled surface. There was a ghost staring back at Ariel; her red hair had lost some of its luster and looked more dullish orange than auburn, hanging lifelessly on both sides of her ashen face, with deep purple circles underneath her darkened, and saddened blue eyes.She was reduced to a shadow. Angrily, she interfered with her liquid mirror with an angry splash of her hand and the water swirled about in the bowl, her reflection changing, transforming her into her own kind of monster.The water felt cold as she immersed her face in it, nearly stealing her breath away in the hopes the iciness would wash away the emptiness, filling her instead with a will to fight.Nothing like that happened, however, it did not alter her soul or disperse her worry.The water just made her cold and wet. Irritated, Ariel quickly straightened and almost fell backward and would have barreled into the wall at the sight of Molly in the mirror, standing just behind her, her cheeks red and flaming in embarrassment, though there was a sparkle igniting in her blue eyes."Forgive me, Ariel, I—I didn't mean to startle you. Carlotta asked me to come to wake you. It's the young master, the Prince has been asking for you, just short of demanding. He says you're taking too long and sent me to wake you if you weren't up." Moly smiled comfortingly at her, and even though Ariel's heart beat wildly in her chest, she felt that Molly's unexpected appearance in her room carried a deeper purpose simply than to bring her breakfast.In her hands, Molly held a tray of a cup of pumpkin soup and another chunk of the stone-hard thing that Ariel was learned was called bread. "You should eat just a small something. You've not eaten since last night," Molly blurted out, ungraceful, with no tact. "You won't get on the master's good graces if you starve yourself. Man's asked you to dine with him this morning, best not keep him waiting or he'll get cross."Ariel blinked owlishly at the maid's bright smile. You know about…that? She signed slowly, as best as she could, though her face contorted in pain as the fingers of her hand that Vanessa had injured throbbed.To which Molly responded with an eye roll and a scoffing, disparaging noise that escaped from the back of her throat."I knew I was right to bet truth on these rumors."Ariel hesitated, chewing on her bottom lip. Rumors?Molly stared at her fellow maid incredulously, her thin blonde eyebrows shooting so far up onto her forehead that they almost disappeared into her hairline. "Haven't you been paying attention, Ariel?" Molly widened her eyes and shook her head to herself. She neared her face to appear convincing. "The master seems...quite taken with you if I might say so, forgive my candor, my friend, but I think it's true. Prince Eric has had his eyes draped all over you since you got here, with your knowledge or not, I think it's a safe bet to say the young master is smitten, and this is a good thing too if it means we don't have to put up with the likes of the lady Vanessa," she grinned, her eyes lighting up with intrigue and curiosity. "I was with Kasper this morning, at the stables, see, and I was helping him with one of the mares, she's due to give birth a foal any day now, the master hopes, and he overheard the Prince speaking to Carlotta about how the Princess is to be sent back to Chales first thing this morning or would be if she could be found. The Princess wasn't in her room this morning when I went to deliver her meals to her. Old man Grimsby is nearly in upheaval trying to find her. Maybe, I think the Prince wants to invite you to ride, but doesn't know what you're interested in and is growing irritated that you've not come down yet so he can ask you himself, so Carlotta sent for me to fetch you," Molly said, winded and out of breath at having relayed all of this information to Ariel in the span of a single breath, clutching at a stitch in her side from having run up the stairwell once Eric had summoned Carlotta, demanding to know what was taking his hearth keep so long, and looking tired.I understand. I'll...be right down. Ariel signed numbly in understanding as she cradled her injured hand behind her back, yet the pain in her hand from Carlotta snapping it back into its proper place hurt worse this morning than it did last night.Perhaps now that her initial shock had subsided the pain would catch up soon. She offered Molly a wide smile and moved to turn away from the table where her washbasin was perched on top of her and headed towards the wardrobe, all the while still trying to hide her injured hand from Molly. She did not want her fretting and worrying over something that could not be helped.And make no mistake, Molly was just the type to worry about her.Yet, if Ariel merely thought that hiding her red and swollen hand was going to save her, King Triton's daughter was gravely mistaken."Ah, Ariel…" Molly shifted uncomfortably where she stood, moving her weight from one foot to the next, but the blonde asked with no small amount of concern in her voice, "Your…your hand. How badly did the Princess damage it? Carlotta told me what happened. I can help you, if you let me see it, Ariel. There's no need for us to visit John." Molly asked.Ariel's face drained off-color, though she attempted to force a smile on her face as she drew her hand from out behind her back.This? she asked, offering her new friend what she hoped was an innocent grin, and showing her hand to her friend, making it a point not to offer it palm up so Molly could not see the growing black bruise overtop of it.It's nothing, Molly, you're sweet to worry, but you worry too much.Though even as Ariel signed the words, her hand was already beginning to exhibit signs of worsening. It throbbed and pulsed, sending out waves of searing, uncomfortable heat and she struggled in repressing little gasps of pain, though Ariel was sure the discomfort could be seen in her eyes if the concerned and worried look Molly was currently shooting her was anything to go off of.Molly, however, did not look convinced by the siren's words. She huffed in indignation and folded her arms across her chest."Let me see it, Ariel, please," Molly asked, holding out her hand expectantly and offering the young redhead an admonishing glower. "Perhaps it would not hurt you so much if you'd let the physician take a look, or at least let me tend it for you. I brought bandages to wrap your hand with so you don't move it about," she added almost as an afterthought as she motioned with a jerk of her head towards the bed at a pile of bandages and a wooden basin filled with what looked like clean water, in the event blood or seepage had formed at the sight of the wound for whatever reason. "Let me see. Please."Ariel grimaced, hesitating, but only for a fraction of a second as she nervously held out her hand towards the young blonde, who did not hesitate to guide her towards the edge of the bed she had just vacated and rather roughly, forcefully, shoved her down onto the mattress. She winced as Molly increased the pressure on her hand, working as swiftly as she could to bandage it.For some reason, Ariel felt the need to rationalize and explain her actions to Molly. I shouldn't have attempted to reason with her. It was foolish, I know that, Ariel haphazardly and clumsily signed with her one good working hand. Molly could only watch, amused, as the younger woman jerked her hand and wrenched away from Molly's tender touch.Molly watched, amused as Ariel squirmed while she worked.Thankfully, Molly had finished bandaging the appendage and stepped back to admire her handiwork."You couldn't have known what Vanessa would do. None of us could. The fault lies strictly with her and not you," she admonished her friend. "There," the maid remarked smugly as she tied the ends together tightly. "Finished. Try not to get it wet if you can. If you do, it's not a huge issue to replace it, but do whatever you can to not move your hand about so much."She turned towards the basin she had brought and dunked her hands into the water she'd carried in from the well to wash her hands of the excess poultice she'd dabbed on Ariel's knuckles and her wrist. It was a fairly common mixture, consisting of witch hazel, oak bark, and lavender. All of which would help in minimizing the inflammation and swelling that was beginning to settle underneath the hand's bones.It would take slightly longer for the tissue to heal, but it would clear in three days or so, Molly had overheard John the physician telling Carlotta in the hallway when Carlotta had relayed to the doctor the extent of Ariel's injuries. As long as she remained faithful about the changing of her bandages.Ariel signed her thanks, studying Molly with an odd expression the maid at first wasn't sure what to make of. It took her a moment to regain control of her hands, with how badly they were shaking.Thank you, Molly. Ariel awkwardly scratched at the back of her neck, chewing on her lip as she lifted her now-bandaged hand to eye level to study it better.Molly rolled her eyes, annoyed that Ariel seemed to be downplaying the extent of the injury the Princess had inflicted on her.But then again, considering how quickly Ariel was leaving an impression on her and becoming something of a friend to her, Molly was more annoyed with herself. She should have been more insistent to see it rather than letting her fellow chambermaid live with the consequences of her actions. As her friend, she should have been more forceful."It's nothing to worry about," she replied as she gathered the medical supplies and set the basin on top of the dresser. "Make sure you see me in the morning and evening to change the bandages if John's not around or you can't find Carlotta. The last thing you need is fever setting in because of this. "I like to think that you and I are friends now and that you can come to me for anything that's on your mind, or just to talk, I'm always around to listen. So is Kasper, the old ox, though don't expect him to remember much of what you talk about. He can't understand the signing anyway, so perhaps you're better off to come to me," Molly chirped jovially with her back facing Ariel as she strode with purpose towards the wardrobe, a consoling smile lightening her features as she peeked at Ariel over her shoulder, who was still perched on the edge of the mattress, looking shocked. "Now, let's see what would be appropriate for you to wear." She tapped her chin thoughtfully and thought a moment as her eyes made a quick scan of Ariel's features, causing Ariel to glance down at herself in a moment of self-consciousness.Her blue eyes lit up in intrigue and Ariel could barely stifle the gasp as her friend pulled out an exquisite simple floor-length gown of the finest purple silk she had thought she'd ever seen. Molly made a passing comment about the silk being imported, but Ariel shoved aside the thought and could not take her eyes off the dress.It looked as though it would cling and sweep over her skin like rippling water. It looked as though it was intended to be a feasting gown, and just looking at it caused a fiery heat to boil in Ariel's veins. Ariel tried to convince herself that she neither looked nor smelled funny and felt like she was utterly failing in that regard as heat crept to her cheeks as she looked at Molly.Molly, sensing her intrigue, took a step towards her, smiling brightly. "I think this dress would look remarkable on you," she said decidedly as she ran a hand over the smooth purple silk as she held it up on its hanger for Ariel to get a better look. "It would go wonderfully with your red hair," she murmured. "An excellent choice for the morning's activities, if I may speak candidly." She strode towards the bed and more or less shoved it at Ariel's chest as her friend shakily rose to her feet. "While you change, I'll work on your hair," she clucked her tongue and toyed with an auburn lock of her hair in between her fingers, waiting to guide Ariel towards the chair in front of the dresser with a mirror so she could fix her friend's hair for her.Once Ariel had managed to dress, which took a few pitiful attempts with her hand that was bandaged, Molly set to work on her hair, pulling Ariel's shoulder-length auburn tresses up into an elegant chignon bun with a twisted braid at the back, showing off her long neck and she was given a pair of small gold earrings to wear, though Ariel flat out refused, as she thought in her mind, that would be stepping over the line and she needed to remember her place here in the castle.Thank you, Ariel said nonetheless as Molly persistently and stubbornly tried one more time to get her to wear the earrings. But this dress is more than enough, she stammered, lingering by the door. Molly nodded, though her new friend seemed unconvinced, something in Ariel's stance must have prevented the blonde from arguing.Once they were in the hallway, she turned to disappear down the stairwell to see to her chores for the day, though she paused and gave Ariel a wan little smile."I hope you know that you're not alone, Ariel."Ariel gaped at Molly as the maid left her alone, internally scoffing at her words. She was alone here on land. What could Molly or even Carlotta or the Prince know of her situation, how she felt here, as…a fish out of the water, literally? In the Prince's castle, within these stone walls, there was no one Ariel could turn to for advice, no one who could change the situation she found herself in. No one, she knew, but herself. Deciding to use this morning as hopefully some sort of a turning point in her life, to reflect upon everything in peace, after such an 'exhausting time,' she thought no one would blame her if she were to beg off spending time with the Prince following breakfast. Surely, Prince Eric would understand her need for solitude and peace.Three new guards awaited her on the main level of the castle, just outside the Great Hall where the Prince took his meals when he was entertaining guests. She forced herself to greet every man ogling her form in her new dress with downcast eyes and a shy smile, though their stern faces weren't exactly inviting, and she frowned as she noticed none of them met her gaze, choosing instead to keep their gazes fixated firmly on the floor, as though they were petrified and terrified to look at her.Frowning, Ariel did not have time to ponder the shift in the guards' countenance, wondering what had happened as she was led into the Great Hall, which was warmly lit. Candles lined the long aisle of the hall. The lights from the small fires draped over her form in such a way that Ariel had a hard time not staring at the shadows dancing along the walls.She took a small, hesitant step forward. She came in to find herself alone, as the guarded escort that had accompanied Ariel inside had left her instructions to wait for the Prince. A meal was set on the table, two place settings, she noticed, the food on the plates were nothing that she recognized, which she took to hopefully view as a good sign.No sooner had she touched the edges of the chair that Ariel presumed was intended to be hers than did the Prince himself appear at the door, hands folded neatly behind his back. Ariel straightened her gait and racked her brain as she grabbed fistfuls of her dress and tried to remember how to properly curtsy.Your Highness, she signed shyly when she had righted herself.Eric nodded in recognition and strode past her to sit after serving himself a flagon of chilled red wine. He motioned for her to occupy the chair that was seated across from him and in between their meals. Ariel could only comply and sat.Forgive me, Your Highness, Ariel signed, flustered, as she watched the Prince take the tin flagon of wine and pour her cup half-full, sliding it across the table. I did not mean to take so long…. Though she halted as she took in the sight of the meal that was set in front of her. She was pleased, to see, this time, there was no fish.Instead, in front of her set a plate with a steaming bowl of a delectable-smelling dish that she had heard Molly tell her the other day was called pork, meat, and potatoes. A loaf of the stone-hard thing called bread had been sliced and buttered, along with a small wheel of yellow Brie Cheese, the pitcher of wine finishing the simple meal.Eric looked up from his setting and smiled. "I hope you do not mind," he murmured, his eyes making a quick scan of his chambermaid's form in her dress. "I took the liberty of having our cook prepare you a plate. I told him no fish as you had said it's not a part of your diet, so I hope meat will suffice just fine," he chuckled, holding a bite of pork on his fork.Ariel shook her head. That was…very kind of you. You did not have to go to all of this effort for me. She smiled appreciatively, though still a bit warily so. You should not have, but...I do not mind. Thank you, Your Highness. To her surprise, Eric's face flushed even deeper, and Ariel suspected it was not from the wine, which Carlotta had told her the drink could sometimes turn peoples' skin pink and make them say things, sometimes, they would say things and not remember them or come to regret it later."Don't call me that," he snapped. "Not here, and not now, Ariel. Please."Alarmed, Ariel hastily tried to apologize. Forgive me, Your Highness. I…meant no offense. What…should I call you then, if not your title? She asked, cocking a brow in question. Does this mean I have permission to call you by your name?Eric scowled and curiously studied his hearth keep over the rim of his goblet. "If you don't, I'll throw you out of this room right now," he growled darkly, though Ariel caught the hint of a smile on his lips.Ariel could not help the small smile that tugged her mouth upwards as she reached for her cup of red wine.Very well…Eric, she signed and busied herself with taking her first sip. She shuddered as the swallow of alcohol burned going down her throat. Ariel tried not to grimace and show her discomfort as she shoved her cup away. Now she knew that as a human, she wasn't a drinker, she knew that much about herself at least, though she was thrilled by the grape scent of the drink.Ariel blinked herself out of her stupor when the Prince's quiet voice reached her ears from across the table."I take it by that adorable face you just made then it's not to your liking. Would you care for water instead?" he asked her warmly, not a hint of judgment or blame in his tone.Suddenly timid, she nodded shyly, unable to meet the man's teasing gaze.Yes, please, that would be lovely, thank you, Eric, she hastily signed. The Prince nodded in understanding and poured her a chalice of ice water and shoved the new goblet across the table, which Ariel accepted gratefully as she kept her lashes lowered. Though it did not escape her attention, that Eric seemed to preen a little as she signed his name, she saw.Eric took his time chewing his bite of bread and cheese and swallowing it before he addressed her.The suddenly sullen look on his face chilled her bones to ice in her veins. "I'm…grateful that you accepted my invitation to join me this morning. I thought, considering, you wouldn't come." Eric furrowed his brows and looked thoughtful for a moment as he spoke. "In truth, I was hoping that I could discuss something important with you. Something that's been on my mind since I pulled you from the wreckage," he stammered, suddenly looking nervous and timid himself.Ariel was suddenly concerned. She had been about to take a bite of cheese, though she lowered her fork, suddenly looking weary as she studied the man's placid expression that made it difficult for her to discern just what exactly the Prince was thinking or feeling as it pertained to her presence in his life and could not control the fear that was burgeoning in her belly.It took her a moment to sign the words she so desperately wished she could speak as her hands were shaking. Badly.Finally, she managed to sign her thoughts once she'd gotten the shakes under control.Why…why wouldn't I have accepted, Eric? You have made a home for me here, in your castle, Ariel signed gratefully. I am in your debt, she hastily promised Eric. Joining you this morning for a meal is the least that I could do to say thank you.Eric shook his head. "No, Ariel, the obligation is mine, I assure you," he said earnestly, though Ariel could not escape noticing the anguish glistening as unshed moisture in Eric's bright blue eyes as the Prince studied his plate all too intently, seeming to have trouble looking her in the eye. Ariel frowned.Is something troubling you? She signed nervously, not sure she wanted to know the answer but had to get the question out. After all that the Prince and his staff had done for her so far, if there was any way she could help him in return, then she would. She let her hands full numbly into her lap and waited quietly.Eric's expression grew distant, and he nodded slightly. Ariel's stomach went hollow as her face fell, crestfallen.She tried to ignore the sense of foreboding that welled within her and quickly found herself taking a sip of water to quell the dryness in her throat that threatened a cough. She licked her lips to moisten them, but no moisture came to her.Ariel could only watch as a shadow of regret crossed the Prince's angular features as he continued to speak to her."I don't think I could have asked for a better chambermaid, Ariel. Carlotta's told me that you're a quick learner, you think fast on your feet, and Molly and Kasper both have told me how warm and approachable you are. Even Max likes you, which says a lot. He typically only likes me," he chuckled, his blue eyes clouding over as he let himself lose himself in the pleasant image.It was as if the Prince's dog had a sixth sense, because at the mention of his name, the Old English Sheepdog, who must have been lurking out in the corridor, waiting for his master's summons, bounded through the open double doors playfully, barking twice before settling at Ariel's right side, nudging her uninjured hand. Despite the worry worming its way into the pit of her stomach, Ariel could not help but feel a surge of affection for the dog as it licked the top of her hand and couldn't resist plucking a tiny bit of the meat off her plate and handing it to Max, which she was rewarded for with a slobbery kiss to the hand.Eric smiled and laughed nervously at the gesture, though it did not quite reach his eyes as he took a sip of wine to summon strength within the alcohol, trying to focus on the feeling as he continued the conversation he hoped that Ariel would take well enough."The truth is…I must ask that you relinquish your duties, Ariel, effective immediately. I cannot keep you anymore, not as my chambermaid," he said, very softly.Ariel felt her limbs go numb and she almost choked on her swallow of water as she struggled to comprehend the Prince's statement. She lifted her gaze and searched the man's face for any sign of explanation, as the silence that now existed between them stretched far past the point of comfort for Ariel's liking. The thoughts which swirled around in her mind rendered her feeling nauseous.It was the ones that formed to coherence that indicted and condemned her. Of course, perhaps his Head of House, Grimsby, had counseled him and had advised that it was no longer advisable for her to stay here, as she was the catalyst for the disruption of his engagement to the Princess of Chales. There was no place among the Prince's staff here in Ipswich for her, she realized.Ariel shifted in her seat to stare at a point beyond the Prince, refusing to meet his gaze and instead of looking into the roaring flames of the fire in the hearth. She did not want Eric to see the crestfallen expression clouding her face.H-Have I done something to displease you? Ariel asked, quietly and confused. I-I can assure you, any oversight on my part was completely unintentional, Eric.Eric looked at her compassionately. He had been afraid that she'd misunderstand. Eric shook his head sharply, the corners of his mouth dipping in a frown. He had not intended for his news to be voiced so harshly or taken so heavily.He had presented his case to her completely wrong and immediately grew flustered in trying to rectify his mistake."The truth is…" he began sincerely, only to have his desires halted by his former chambermaid's shame as she shrugged and turned away, trying to calm the heavy racing of her frantic heart. He frowned and decided to be honest, hoping she would take his news well. "That since our conversation last night, I had hoped that your father would consider me a potential match for your hand."He smiled bashfully and hoped his straightforward manner and his bluntness would not diminish her opinion of him. Eric also prayed to the gods that Ariel would understand that it was she who he wanted to marry.Ariel raised her shocked eyes to him, wide-eyed and alarmed. She was certain she had misheard.Wh—what? She signed with shaking fingers. What did you say?By the look on the Prince's face, Ariel could tell that she hadn't misinterpreted. Eric had meant every word."I was hoping that I could ask your father for your hand in marriage, with his blessing, and with your consent, if you would take me as your husband, Ariel," Eric repeated, compassionately, a note of hope creeping its way to the surface of his voice.Wh—why would you want to? Ariel signed frantically, the color in her face draining.Even as a nervous wreck, Eric held his complete attention on his beautiful soon-to-be-former hearth keep.At last, he was able to study the soft angles of Ariel's features, washed in the candlelight from the candelabras that were scattered about the room as well as the torches in their sconces on the wall, and the light from the fire in the hearth.Feeling the swell of hope once more, Eric abandoned all sense of propriety as he forgot himself and spoke more candidly to the young woman whose life he had saved than he perhaps had any right to."Why wouldn't I, Ariel? By the grace of the gods, the ancient and the new, you are beautiful to me. You are...angelic," Eric confessed in an admiring sigh, though the moment the words left his lips, he could tell they had hit their mark, and not exactly in the way that he had been hoping for.Her head whiplashed sharply upward to regard him, her expression pained, looking as though Eric had struck her.Why would you say that to me? She signed angrily, her lips pursed in a thin line and her eyes held a stricken look.Eric could only stare dumbfounded at the girl. He swore he could see her heart shattering and did not know what to do. His words had been intended as the highest compliment."What?" he asked uncertainty, the pit of his stomach churning at Ariel's wounded expression. "I…I-if I've offended you just now, I—I meant no offense, my lady, I…" Eric trailed off as he hesitated, trying to comprehend the insult he had given. She did not let him finish as she angrily bolted upright from her chair, the legs making an audible scraping sound as the wood gnashed against the cold stone floor.Ariel's face drained of color as she glared at Eric, indignantly.You chose the most hateful word that's ever been uttered to describe me? she asked rhetorically, the breath expelling from her lungs in shallow bursts as she struggled for calm, her chest heaving."Hateful?" Eric demanded, hardly daring to believe this was what he was hearing. "No, I—th—that isn't what I meant…" he stammered, desperate to correct his blunder. "I—I only meant that I wanted to praise you, from my heart. I mean every word to you, Ariel."Ariel angrily cast her gaze to the floor and studied her shoes a bit too intently.I am not beautiful or angelic, Eric. The—the Prince that I was to marry, he…spoke of it to me and used it as a horrible insult. You could not have known, I did not speak of it last night when we spoke, but please don't ever call me that ever again, if you've any decent feelings for me, please don't, she signed with badly trembling fingers, a tear escaping her closed lids.Ariel shook her head and strode towards the fireplace, gritting her teeth and trying not to shiver as she wound her arms around her middle. She stood with her back towards the Prince in ominous silence. Eric could tell by the way her blue eyes clouded over and almost turned grey that she was quickly becoming lost in a memory. A painful one, by the looks of it. He could not even speak, too stunned to even formulate a coherent reply in his mind. He rose from his chair, wishing to make amends for his grave mistake.Eric itched to take Ariel into his arms, his arms aching for the feel of her. His body reacted to her presence and the desire within him. He longed to make this woman a part of his world, and for him to become a part of hers, if she would have him, if she would give him a chance and at least consider his proposal, perhaps a meeting with her father and her father's clan, his council members if there were any, could be arranged. For a long moment, he stood only a hair's breadth away from the siren from his dreams, intoxicated by his hearth keep. The warmth, the soft light from the fire, all overtook the Prince's senses. Nowhere in all the world could have ever pleased a soul as much as he was fulfilled at this moment, despite Ariel's apprehension towards him.Ariel furrowed her brows into a frown. She knew she could not hold the Prince responsible for causing her such discomfort at the moment. She had never told him how Marsious had affected her so, had mocked her in front of her older sisters.She had not spoken of such painful injuries inflicted upon her image. How in the gods' names could she have ever woven a tale for the likes of the Prince? Eric was the very epitome of the word beautiful. How could she have been so foolish to think that brokering a deal with her aunt to become human would win her the heart of a prince, who deserved someone human in the first place? Not some stupid, foolish mermaid who could not even be satisfied among her people. Yet here he stood alongside her.She grew keenly aware that Eric now stood behind her. She swore her ears perked up at the sound of his heart beating loudly in his chest. His breath was hot on the back of her neck. It played among the few tendrils of her hair that were wisps by her ears as Molly had done her hair into a loose chignon, the sensation of wearing her hair up like this was foreign to her, but not unlikeable.It sent a shiver down her spine. Was that…was that his hands at her waist? Were those…were those his lips that grazed softly against the flesh of her neck? Ariel felt herself involuntarily leaning back against the Prince's form, her legs going weak, her eyes closing to savor Eric's nearness, the air sighing contentedly from within her chest.Eric was all that she had ever wanted, her second reason for going to Ursula in the first place. Enraptured by the young human Prince when she had saved his life from drowning months ago, her mind filled with images of the man's face in the weeks leading up to her wedding to Prince Marsious, until desperation had gotten the better of her and she had fled to her aunt.Then, as quickly as the siren felt herself succumbing to her longing, in a momentary flash of clarity, the mermaid stopped herself from becoming lost any further in the Prince's enticing and silent promises.Father would surely never consent to such a match, and she lacked a voice to tell him such. Even if, by a miracle of the gods that he would, she was in no way shape, or form able to get in touch with him. Not unless there was a witch on land who could offer her services. The thought was almost—almost— laughable, though no sooner had the thought flitted across her mind than did a memory of Mother once telling her of a wise woman she had met once on land come to the forefront of her confused mind.Supposedly, she lived not far from here, though the reasons for Mother ever seeking out a human had not been revealed to her, and to the best of her knowledge, Ariel was the only one of her daughters to have learned the odd story.Perhaps…perhaps there was hope, yet.There…there might be a way, she fumbled through her signing, barely able to form the words. That I could speak with my father, though I don't think it likely he would change his mind. And…that I might be able to speak again. I...I wasn't always like this, not able to talk. I...I'm sorry that this was kept from you, Your Highness. My voice...it was taken from me. By Dark magic, she stammered, awkwardly tracing the line of her throat with her hand, watching his eyes widen in shock and awe, and if she wasn't mistaken, perhaps hurt and anger that she had kept this from him. She blew out a steadying breath and continued. But…you likely won't like it, Your Highness. The cost will be high and if they help me, then their cost would come at a great price, she confessed, as she noticed the Prince staring at her melancholically from the corner of her gaze. Ariel wrenched herself away from Eric.Unable to bear turning around to face the Prince, she could not force herself to summon the courage she needed to look into his eyes. She did not think she could bear the passion or reproach she feared would be in his eyes.She nearly shivered as she watched Eric raise his eyebrows in defiance."There is nothing that I would not do for a chance, Ariel. That's all I ask of you. Is…to at least let me try. Please," Eric begged Ariel.Feeling the Prince move against her, Ariel bolted from the man's touch as if his touch had shocked and burned her, like the sting of an electric eel's jolt. She stiffened, unable to trust herself not to give in to her desires.She did not think that she could do this to him. To get him involved.I… she started to sign, though as she finally summoned up enough courage to look into his pleading icy gaze, she felt her resolve to start to crumble and falter. She gasped at the intensity of the man's gaze and searched for a reason for the distance between them. I—I think that I should go alone. I can't get you involved in this, Prince, it's not right. E—excuse me, E-Eric, I-I mean…Your Highness, she stammered. At last, pivoting in his direction, Ariel was still unable to look him in the eye, her brows furrowed with a deep dread, not even sure if the idea that was beginning to take root in her mind held any merit for her, but it was worth a try.When at last, Eric spoke, his voice was calm and determined."Please, believe me, Ariel. I intended to portray you with the only word that came to my mind," he confessed. "But now that I know your hatred for that word, I'll think of something else to call you." He paused, longing to complete the path he had begun, and itched to press a gentle kiss behind her earlobe, but did not dare. With a low and lusty tone, he continued, whispering his words into her ear. "…Exquisite, ethereal, alluring." He swallowed hard, overcome with desire for this woman. "Lovely," he finished hoarsely, drawing closer. "Whatever it is that you're thinking of doing, I need to be involved. I won't have you in danger, Ariel I will not."What is it that you want to do? Let me help you. You're my hearth keep, Ariel." He gazed at her with worry and concern as she purposefully kept her profile turned to the side. This was not exactly a promising sign, that she would not turn to face him. After several moments of silence between the two, Ariel finally signed, still averting her gaze.Now it was Ariel's turn to have the impudence to raise her brows at him.I thought you had just dismissed me from your service? she challenged, to which his cheeks flushed bright pink as he looked away. She sighed. If I am no longer to remain under your servitude as your chambermaid, then you've no obligation to protect me. And what I need to do... it's nothing, Eric. Nothing worth getting you involved with. I…I think I should do this on my own. Thank you…for listening and for the meal. She felt the need to run and turned to flee.Her mind felt like it was reeling from all the Prince had confessed to her. She needed a moment to process everything."Nothing?" Hearing Eric's devastated and hurt voice brought her out of her struggling mind. She did not think she had ever heard someone so wounded sound like this before. At the amount of hurt and betrayal in the man's voice, she knew she had cut him, had wounded him more deeply than perhaps anyone in his life likely ever had by not being straightforward and honest with him.But this was not something she could freely discuss with the Prince. No one could know her plight. If therein did exist a witch on land practiced in the same arts as her aunt, perhaps there was a way she could get her voice back, and then, she'd tell him everything.To protect him, she had to shield him from this. There was a chance that things could go wrong, or pear-shaped, as Molly was fond of saying, and she was not about to risk the Prince's safety. She cared for him and would not see him put in harm's way, for her.Eric…she started to sign, finally turning to face him only to find looking into his face was even worse than having to listen to the solemnity in his voice. The man's face was partially turned from hers, and Eric was regarding her incredulously out of the corner of his eye. A lock of his black hair had fallen in front of his eye, shielding the hurt that was as plain as day within that single eye from Ariel.His shoulders fell in disappointment. Ariel felt her heart plummet to the stone floor beneath them. Eric, I—I don't…I never…She awkwardly reached out a hand with the intent of setting it on his shoulder, but as if the man sensed her intentions, Eric wrenched away from her and stormed out of the door as fast as he could go, leaving her alone in the room. Her hand was suspended in the space that the Prince's shoulder had resided in only moments ago.She tasted the bile rising in her throat and all she wanted to do was throw back her head and scream. What had she done? Was there no way out of this that didn't end in someone—namely the Prince—getting hurt?The sound of the thick oak doors of the mess hall closing behind the Prince was cold and brutal to Ariel's ears. The thought that she had offended him just now clawed at her belly. She took a faltering step forward, wanting nothing more than to chase after Eric and grovel at his feet and beg the man's forgiveness, but she could not tell him. Not yet.Her tears fell as she forced control of herself. Instead of running to the Prince and declaring her true feelings, that she had not felt hope in so long until he had confessed his want to marry her, she walked stiffly to the doorway. Her mind barely registered her movement as she crossed the room. She reached a hand towards the door and rested upon the smooth carved wood. She imagined she could feel Eric on the other side and leant her forehead against the cool solid board and let out a shuddering breath.Oh, Eric, she thought mournfully, unable to stop her tears from falling freely. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 12
ERIC loudly stalked his way down the corridor, away from the Great Hall and away from his former hearth keep. The more the distance grew between them, the Prince's distraught agony slowly gave way to anger. It was all he could do not to kick the wall. A burning rage began to fill his chest. His chest rose and fell sharply as his lungs heaved, gasping for the taste of the salty air around him that flowed in through the open windows of the castle as he gave himself up and over to the wretched emotion. His fury consumed him and tore at his heart.It was anger at Grimsby for what his policies were costing him. It was anger he felt that Ariel was reluctant to open up and confide in him, that she had lied by omission to him and had kept from him not only the fact that she was a princess of some supposed distant land and formerly betrothed to some nameless, faceless prince, but that she had not always been mute.Was it even anger what he felt at Ariel, for not giving him a chance, for not explaining herself? He halted in his tracks, his eyes wide-eyed and he very nearly accidentally barreled over a maid who was carrying baskets of dirtied linens. She squeaked and jumped back and apologized with a light pink blush speckling along her cheeks, unable to meet the master's eyes, before scurrying away. Eric took no notice of her, his mind fixated on Ariel. He searched his heart for a better understanding of his feelings.No, he was not angry with his chambermaid, never with her. It was himself with whom he was most furious. He hated that he was behaving like a fool, that he could not bring himself to confess his growing affection towards her, and he thought himself a coward for refusing to act on his desire to kiss the girl when he'd had the chance.Perhaps later, once they had both cooled down, he vowed that the sun would not set upon his realm without Ariel listening to him.He grew determined that Ariel would listen to him, even if she did not wish to listen, he'd force her to, even if it meant he had to hold her in place. Eager to apologize to the woman whom he was growing increasingly fond of, he turned on the heels of his boots and made a beeline for the Great Hall, wrenching the doors open.His heart leaped up into his throat as his eyes made a quick scan of the dining hall and found the massive room empty.A cool breeze wafted through the Great Hall as Eric stood lingering in the doorway, wracking his brain trying to determine which way the girl might have fled. He could not repress the violent shiver that clawed its way up his spine and through his heart.Ariel was not within the room. Eric was nearly on the brink of beginning to throw things in anger as his temper swelled, his anger at himself intensifying. He had thought Ariel would have stayed, despite how cold he had acted towards her just now, that Ariel might have waited for him to sort through his thoughts and emotions. Instead, she had left him.Why had he not listened to what she had to say? Why had he fled from her and had refused to even look at her?Because I was afraid, he answered himself bitterly, gnashing his teeth together in anger.Eric turned towards the left of the corridor that would take him towards the main entrance and to the grand staircase that led to the servants' hall, hoping to find Ariel within her quarters, though as he took the first step forward, his gaze had been fixated on the ground at his boots and as a result, the flustered Prince had not been watching where he was walking, and the young man's shoulder collided with something hard and warm as he stumbled backward.A yelp left his throat as he looked up at the source. When his eyes first landed on him, Eric at first could not process the information. His mouth went dry, and he felt as if his chest caved in terror as the emotion took hold of his entire body and squeezed.Kasper stood in front of him, wearing a look of relieved surprise that his friend was already seeming to be heading in the same direction."So, you've heard then, Your Highness?" Kasper asked, nodding with satisfaction."Heard what, Kasper?" Eric could not help but exclaim in a sour voice as he scowled heavily at Carlotta and Grimsby's son. He had no time for his friend's riddles, not today."Oh. So, you are not yet aware, Your Majesty?" Kasper answered, his large, broad shoulders slumping as his face fell crestfallen. He looked a bit disappointed, which immediately set the Prince on edge. For one of his closest friends, a man who was known for his good-natured heart and jovialness, to be so solemn was not exactly a promising sign, he knew.Eric groaned loudly in frustration as he spotted an abandoned spare room that looked to be more of a storage closet for the maids and thought that sufficient enough to hold a private conversation and proceeded to drag Kasper into the cramped room and slammed the door. "Aware of what?" he pressed urgently, his blue eyes growing wide and annoyed.The last thing he needed was his best friend interfering in his plans to get Ariel to allow him to be included in whatever dangerous scheme she thought she was planning to get her voice back."My father has called for an emergency session of your council, sire. Sent for me to fetch you, says you've taken too long," Kasper informed Eric, a look of worry clouding his tanned face as he ran a large, calloused hand through his blond hair in a fit of anxiety."Now?" Eric questioned anxiously. That meant most of his morning would be taken up with council discussions. The visions he had hoped for the morning as they pertained to his hearth keep were quickly fading before his eyes.Kasper rolled his eyes and motioned for his friend to come away with him out of the storage closet and out into the corridor along the stairway. "Yes, now, Eric?" he affirmed.The furrow of anger and annoyance between the Prince's brows deepened as he heaved a haggard sigh."Other than apparently ruining my plans for the day, Kasper, how does this affect me?" Eric huffed indignantly. "I was hoping that I could spend time with the lady Ariel this afternoon. There have been…developments. She's a princess."Eric almost smiled at the vision as a surge of hope swelled in his chest.Kasper's face drained of color, looking momentarily taken aback, but then he quickly recovered, composing himself enough to answer in a solemn voice that stuffed the chills down the Prince's throat."Georg himself has requested that you attend. He's here, sir."Upon hearing the name of Princess Vanessa's father's counselor, Eric's heart dropped to the pit of his stomach. How in the gods' name could the man have arrived so bloody fast? Eric glanced sideways out of the corner of his eye at Grimsby's son, yet something in his friend's gaze made the Prince feel uneasy."You know something, my friend, don't you?" Eric said with certainty, doing his best to keep the accusatory note out of his voice.With an apprehensive scratch of his close-cropped rough beard, Kasper's face grew pensive and lined with concern as he nodded. "Molly, um, let it slip that Vanessa's gone missing, Your Highness," he quietly explained, lowering his voice. "If the girls in the kitchens are right, you should speak to the King's advisor about organizing a search party to look for Vanessa."Eric's worry increased tenfold and by the time he reached the chamber where his council meetings were held, Grimsby was already pacing around the large rectangular wooden table, tracing a path over between Georg and Carlotta. His Head of House's expression was set in a worried frown, accentuating the line between his brows.Grimsby looked up and stopped in his tracks as the Prince entered the room alongside Kasper. In the corner, Molly huddled nervously with a serving tray, waiting to be summoned if they needed refreshment.Georg raised a white eyebrow at Prince Eric and regarded the young Prince with a disgusted smirk. Eric bristled, though before the advisor to Vanessa's father could so much as utter the first syllable, Grimsby interjected cordially."Thank you all for assembling so promptly," Grimsby bid everyone in attendance cordially, clasping his hands in front of his middle. "I do apologize for the abruptness of this gathering, but I am afraid it is urgent business, and it could not wait." Grimsby stole a worried look towards the Prince and then flicked his gaze to Georg before continuing. "Won't you sit, sire?" he asked, motioning towards the empty chair that was next to Eric as the Prince took a seat.The king's advisor nodded grimly and did as he was told, although a bit uncomfortably. Eric's eyes grew wide with confusion and alarm, and he very nearly jumped in astonishment in wondering at why Georg was here.Eric was still wracking his brain for some small semblance of an explanation when Carlotta was the first to break the heavy pause."Why is it, Master Torp," she spoke up somberly, her stern gaze fixated upon the king's advisor that even made Eric shiver, "that I get the feeling the news that you are about to impart upon us after having traveled all this way to see us is not at all welcome?" Carlotta asked.Vanessa's father's advisor, Master Georg Torp, was a thin, emaciated man with sallow skin and lanky dark hair who looked as though one good puff of a strong sea gale would topple him offer and toyed with the ends of his hair and frowned. He drew a long breath."You are perceptive, Madame Hougaard as always. Were that I could have come bearing good tidings from the King and Queen, as they pertained to your wedding, young master Eric, I would have much preferred that to be the case for my visit here to your estate today, sire," he answered, as everyone else present in the room studied him anxiously. "I come bearing the news from the king himself that if his daughter is not returned to him alive and well, then his troop amassment will be more than double, and an armada prepared to attack will be on your shores within three days. The princess's parents are beside themselves with worry following the troublesome news of her…disappearance following the ending of your engagement to her, Your Highness, and have already sent out a search party of their own, but it is not enough. They have openly threatened an attack if their daughter is not safely returned in three days."Eric grimaced and all but squirmed in his seat as he felt Grimsby's icy stare angled in his direction as he watched out of the corner of his lowered gaze his Head of House startle at the king's advisor's words and fixed him with a pointed glower that would have could wilt a fully bloomed rose were one in the room nearby, which, thankfully, there wasn't.Impatience was a part of Grimsby's frame, one thing that Eric always touched in him as often as disappointment did these days."Young Master!" Grimsby all but exploded as his tanned complexion paled a shade and quickly turned mottled and crimson as his anger began to take hold of him. "How could you? I was not consulted about this decision. Chances come and go, Your Highness, and I have given you free rein to do with as you please for the most part, but if the Princess is withdrawn from your sight, what control over the life I have given you, I can take it away just as easily. Her parents will see her returned to them unharmed, do you understand? You might as well start praying that the young lady doesn't show up maimed and less than perfect if the rumors of her lost and wandering the streets of the realm are true. What in Odin's name, boy, could you have possibly had for ending your engagement?" Grimsby hissed in a dangerously quiet voice as he stalked towards the Prince.Eric opened his mouth to speak, though before the Prince could say a word in hopes of supplicating his Head of House's temper and de-escalating the situation, the wide double oak doors to the chamber creaked wide open, and his ears ticked, and the red of Ariel's hair was the first thing that he saw.He stiffened, assuming that she had received a call from perhaps Carlotta or even Grimsby to come bearing refreshments or perhaps to deliver news from the foot soldiers who were already combing the beaches and the nearby villages in search of the Princess following her disappearance, though privately, Eric could not have cared less. Knowing Princess Vanessa, it was likely a ploy for attention, and she would turn up safe and sound within a day or two, at most.She had since changed out of the lovely purple silk number he loved on her so much, but even in her simple attire of an ivory chemise with short, capped sleeves and bright yellow overdress, she was as lovely as sunrise and took his breath away.For an instant, Ariel did not see him, too intent on keeping the tray in her hands steady that bore a tin flagon of water and several golden chalices. It gave Eric a moment to lose himself in the image of his hearth keep.His blood rushed at the thoughts flashing through his mind, his heart raced with the hope that she had taken some time to consider his words and would let him in, would let him help her in finding whoever it was she needed to see, this supposed wise woman who was a witch and—Carlotta! The Prince's eyes widened with realization as he remembered stories Carlotta would tell him in the passing of a wise woman who frequented the castle every other Monday near the kitchens for bread.His head maid might know where this supposed witch in the village could be found.Perhaps then, if he came to her with the knowledge of her location, Ariel would trust him, and it would be a start in getting her to open up. His eyes began to spark with hope, making a mental note to corner Carlotta once his council meeting was adjourned and not let her leave until she told him where this witch could be found, and he would insist that Ariel accompany him.It was as if Ariel sensed she was being watched.She froze as she set the tray down and her eyes washed over the room until they settled on Eric. Her face registered what the Prince could only be described as a horrible sense of antagonizing hurt and heartbreak, after the worst of her shock dissipated. It was clear that she had not been expecting to run into him again following their conversation, and from the stricken look on her face, had been actively trying to avoid him. She reddened with embarrassment, barely able to take in a breath through the paralyzing stunned fervor that washed over her.It felt as though all eyes of the humans in the room were upon her, waiting to see how she would react to the Prince's attention.As with many in her life who attempted to wrench emotion from her, Ariel was not about to give them satisfaction.She simply regarded the Prince professionally and politely as she passed, her expression giving away no hint of their conversations from last night or earlier this morning. Her pained stare as she swiftly and silently moved about the room ensuring those present at his council session had goblets of water, made Eric feel the size of an insect. He had not meant to cause Ariel such distress and wished she would have had more of a warning for his presence here. It seemed he was doing everything wrong. The eyes of the room had moved curiously to him, gauging his response to his chambermaid regarding him so coldly. But Eric could not manage to pretend to give a damn.His only concern was how he could help her, and how deeply she must be suffering right now, and what he could do to set about obtaining the proof that Grimsby would require to marry her, to prove her claim that she was a legitimate princess of a neighboring kingdom.His pained eyes watched the young auburn-haired beauty from behind as she moved to stand in the corner, almost shoulder-to-shoulder with Molly to dutifully await her next orders. Even through the material of her simple dress, Eric could see the unintended quickness of her breathing. He could almost hear the racing of the woman's heart. Eric ached to speak with Ariel, to say something that would bring her comfort, and ease his chambermaid's distress.They were but paces from one another, and he had never felt so distanced from anyone before.Eric gritted his teeth, wanting all the other people present in the room alongside the two of them to vanish.Everything was there for him to tell his hearth keep, that was for no one else to hear. He sat only for a moment staring intently at Ariel, who looked as though she wanted nothing more than to turn to dust or for the ground beneath her shoes to open up and swallow her whole when Eric's imaginings were interrupted by Vanessa's father's advisor."Prince Eric." Eric was forced to tear his gaze away from his lovely heath keep and give his full and undivided attention to Georg. "If there are no more matters to discuss at present, then I believe our business here is adjourned. I have nothing further to say, only that the King and Queen of Chales are beside themselves with their daughter's disappearance and at this juncture merely wish to see her returned home and will continue to search until she is found. You may consider your engagement to the princess formally dissolved. All we care about now is finding her, and if you do not want the two nations to become involved in a full-scale invasion, then I suggest that you find her." The advisor's tone left nothing for Eric to misinterpret. "I would recommend beginning searching for her immediately," the advisor counseled, his face never changing from its mask of cold disapproval and even anger, as he rose from his chair and stormed from the room.No sooner than the Princess's father's advisor had quit the scene of the council chambers than did Ariel take that as her cue to flee the room. Eric took a step towards her, feeling and trying to ignore Grimsby's burning, piercing stare of disapproval and perhaps even anger towards him now burning a hole in the back of his skull, but the path to his hearth keep was clear, he had to try.Springing from his seat, the Prince covered the distance that existed between the two of them in a split second.At least, if nothing else, he was near her. "Ariel," he murmured lowly in a voice that was heavy with longing and desire for her but soft and gentle, not wishing to frighten her, a tone that caused both Carlotta and Grimsby to exchange curious glances with one another that he noticed out of the corner of his gaze but pretended not to notice.He stood so close, that Ariel could almost feel the man's breath on her neck. She gasped as if a loud clap of thunder had startled her. She did not turn around to face him but followed quickly upon the same path by which the king's advisor had left hurriedly.Eric's voice grew louder, more desperate and pleading as he worriedly called after the girl."Please, Ariel," he begged. "I—I need to speak with you!" Eric felt his fleeting moment of hope slip through his fingers like grains of sand as he watched her round the doorway and disappear out into the hallway and to the left.He stood in Ariel's wake, certain that his shattering heart could be heard by everyone still left in the room. Kasper, of course, was perhaps the only one in the room who lacked either the good judgment or the common concern to at least pretend he had not witnessed the exchange between the Prince and the maid.Kasper sidled up to Eric, staring after Ariel fleeing in incredulous disbelief. "What in Odin's name did you do to her, old friend? Have you said something to make her so angry with you?" He was almost half-smiling at his friend."It's…complicated." Eric swallowed hard, only moving his gaze from Ariel's path long enough to glare at Kasper and flinch under the disappointed and scrutinous gaze of Grimsby."Well, whatever you've done, at least you should know that you probably deserved it," he joked. "Never underestimate the fury of a woman," Kasper offered, his friend's good-natured advice unsolicited as his light eyes flashed dangerously as he offered his warning to Eric.Eric rolled his eyes and left Kasper standing there, chuckling. He made it to the hallway but found Ariel already gone and disappeared from his line of sight. Eric wanted nothing more than to go after her, to plead his case, even go as far as to demand that he be let in on whatever was happening with her. If she was in trouble, he wanted to help. If finding this witch who lived in one of the villages nearby meant there was a chance that Ariel's voice could be brought back, that she would tell him the truth of her, where she came from, who her parents were, and allow him just five minutes to speak with her father once she was returned to her homelands and reunited with her clans, then he was willing to walk through the hells and back if that's what it took for Ariel to trust him now.Instead, a gentle hand on his elbow drew the Prince out of his doubts and tore his gaze to his immediate left. "What on earth is going on, dear?" came Carlotta's matronly voice, no small amount of concern tinged throughout her voice as she stood behind him, to his left.He felt another figure nudge beside her.Grimsby.Eric inwardly groaned and ripped away from Carlotta's grasp, striding towards the wall and thumping his forehead against the wall. This was perhaps the one time he did not want the council or even comfort of his Heads of House.He could not shake the sickening feeling of dread now burgeoning in the pit of his stomach that Grimsby especially was going to scold him for the way that he had behaved towards the Princess of Chales that had now resulted in this mess of her disappearance and having to locate Vanessa and pray to the gods for the safety of their kingdom she wasn't hurt. And Carlotta, who was more intuitive to his emotions, was no doubt going to scold him for the way that he had behaved towards Ariel; not that he knew that he did not deserve it."I…" Eric began hesitantly, trying to string the words together in his mind to formulate a coherent reply. "I think that I hurt Ariel, Lottie." He groaned, feeling hollow at finally speaking the words, and ran a hand through his thick black hair in anguish as his breaths hitched in his throat as he turned to look into the eyes of his two Heads of House.This odd statement shocked Kasper's parents, who were now regarding the Prince with no small measure of confusion, shock, and disbelief."What?! What do you mean you 'hurt her?'""Your Majesty, I beg of you, start making some sense if you please. Perhaps it would be best if you started from the beginning, yes?"After several failed attempts, the Prince was able to convey everything thus far that had transpired between himself and his hearth keep, though, albeit not without great difficulty.Carlotta and Grimsby stood stoically in the hallway with pensive, thoughtful expressions on their faces, though secretly, Eric found it a miracle that Carlotta hadn't offered up some snide quip or comment throughout the entirety of his explanation.As he spoke of his predicament, of Ariel's supposed status as a princess of unknown origins, and how he had offended her earlier by calling her angelic, how she had revealed to him that her voice was taken, of needing a witch to potentially restore it, how she was closed up and refusing to let him in, it felt as though a weighted burden were immediately lifted off his shoulders.He fell silent and waited for his Heads of House to form their opinions on his precarious position.Eric strategically placed his hands behind his back to not lunge towards the older couple, seize them by fistfuls of their clothing and shake them, and demand they tell him what to do, that there was a chance to fix this.With the suspense practically killing him, he restlessly began to pace an agitated line back and forth. If they and Kasper too were so intent in thought then he must have gotten himself into a bind, especially if Kasper was thinking as hard as he looked. Finally, it was Grimsby first who broke the heavy silence.His thick white brows furrowed in a scowl. "Why, pray to tell me, Your Majesty, would I ever consent to you marrying your chambermaid, by the grace of Odin himself, when you will not even pay us the courtesy of being honest? Your parents entrusted me with your life, to ensure that you lived the best life, and you owe me an honest explanation, Your Highness."Eric shook his head."I did tell you the truth. What little of Ariel has chosen to divulge to me, Grims. I've no reason to lie to you. If…" he hesitated, choosing his words carefully. "What sort of documentation would you need, to prove Ariel's claims that she's a princess?""Proof of lineage, young master. Anything proving her status. It could be a birth certificate, perhaps a letter from an immediate family. Any written word will do if it can be obtained and verified as legitimate, perhaps with the royal seal of her family, sire," Grimsby sighed tiredly, rubbing the sides of his temples as though the old man were fighting off a splitting headache and he fell silent, though eventually, he raised his eyes to the Prince.Eric's nerves hummed beneath his skin that was breaking out into goosebumps as he struggled to keep himself from asking his father's friend a question that he knew he had no right whatsoever to ask of the man who had helped raise him. But his curiosity was far too great, and despite his good sense, he quickly lost the war that he was waging within himself."Does this mean that you give me consent?" he asked, hardly daring to hope as he quirked a brow at his counsellor's direction and yet, found himself hoping for just exactly that.Grimsby lifted his gaze and regarded Prince Eric with a superior glower that made the tall Prince feel about as tall as an ant.Nevertheless, despite the receiving look of scorn that he was currently being given, Eric forced himself to inhale deeply and stand tall and proud as the future king that Grimsby was grooming him to become.Unwilling to show his Head of House even an ounce of timidity, Eric straightened his shoulders and took a purposeful step forward towards Grimsby, willing to kneel on his knees and grovel in front of him if that's what it took to obtain the man's permission to marry Ariel."I have asked Ariel if she would consider me a match for her as a potential husband, Grims," he informed his counsellor, his expression softening as he thought of his chambermaid. His smile faltered for a fraction of a second, remembering how distraught she had looked, but quickly shoved aside the painful notion and forced his mind back to the matters at hand. "I hoped that you would give me your blessing to marry her," he said, unable to disguise the note of hope in his tone.Grimsby's mouth pinched downward into a frown as he quietly considered the news that he had more or less expected since Carlotta had only been too eager to inform him of the fact this morning that the Prince had taken breakfast with his new chambermaid, and that the lady Vanessa had escaped from her room at some point during the night and was nowhere within the castle to be found.He had assumed the worst, that Eric had broken off the engagement.He supposed that, in the end, as he considered what the boy's parents would have wanted for their only heir, his happiness was of utmost importance rather than the lineage of the woman he chose to marry. Nevertheless, he was also determined to test the Prince's boldness."Hmph." Grimsby scoffed, his stern expression unchanging. "Forgive my candor, Your Majesty, but it would appear that you have the order of things quite wrong," he corrected. "Should I not have been given the courtesy of first accepting your request?" he judged, almost sounding angry with Grimsby. "Or denying it," he reminded Eric bluntly.Eric's face fell. He did not understand why Grimsby was not his ally in this regard when the old man had stood behind him throughout his life for almost everything and supported every last one of his decisions. Every last decision, he thought, except for this one."Forgive me, Grimsby," Eric asked respectfully as he lowered his head about his father's lifelong friend. "My growing affection and love for the woman whose life I saved are such that I did not want to wait to present my heart's desire at her feet and beg for her hand, providing that I might meet with her father and speak with him, and perhaps obtain the documentation that you would require as proof of her heritage," he said earnestly. "I—I cannot explain it, Grimsby, but she's…the siren from my dreams. I know it sounds strange to speak of, but I know that it's her. Her—her voice, it was stolen by magic, she says. Could it be that she's a—" A siren turned human, is what he wanted to say but lacked the strength on his throat to summon the reply. Sensing that he was quickly losing his case, judging by the way that Grimsby's white eyebrows shot so far up onto his forehead, they almost disappeared into the hairline of his wig, he looked towards Carlotta for help.He racked his brain for more to say and said the first thing that came to mind."You—you told me the morning that I saved her life that the gods had given Ariel to me as a gift. If—if that's the case, Lottie, then I would be a fool to give this gift back. I will keep her, but not as my chambermaid. But as my wife," he declared passionately and boldly, lifting his chin, and jutting out slightly defiantly, as though silently daring Grimsby to challenge his heart's greatest desire and waited for his answer.Grimsby looked at him, his eyes were heavily-lidded. Taking a deep breath, he seemed to be waging war with himself for several minutes.It seemed to take Grimsby an eternity to find his voice, and when he did, his voice was so faint, that at first, Eric wasn't even sure he had spoken at all and had to lean forward to hear."You should marry a young woman who is worthy of you. Someone you can care for and who will care for you in return, young master. Someone that you can love. I know that you would not have had that with the Princess, dear boy. I've only your best interests at heart. I suppose it would not matter if I told you 'no' anyways, Your Highness. You would just run off and marry the lass in secret and bribe the presiding priest with gold and nothing that I could impose upon you would change your mind once it's made up, and who would I be to stand in the way of love, my dear boy. You are like your father in that regard, stubborn," he heaved a frustrated sigh and wearily looked towards Eric, who could not convey the hopeful grin that tugged the corners of his mouth upward. "Yes, my son, you may marry Ariel. Provided of course, she says yes, and if you can present to me the appropriate documentation," he relayed, a wary smile finding his cheeks.Eric dissolved in relief as Kasper clapped a hand on the Prince's shoulder and shook him. Letting out a prideful shout, Eric turned and embraced Carlotta and nearly drew his old nursemaid off her feet.Grimsby almost smiled, happy that he could bring news to the master of the castle that made him smile, for the first time in a long while.However, he was still cautious about the nature of this new and unorthodox arrangement."You aren't out of the woods yet, young master." Grimsby tempered Eric's elation. "First and foremost, before you can even think of marrying her, we must attempt to locate the Princess. Take a search party with you if you must, though I recommend waiting until later, it's looking to be quite a squall out there," he sighed.He took a moment to briefly tear his gaze away from the young Prince and look out towards the window at the black and purple thunderclouds that were rolling in from the sea, thunder rumbling in the distance, promising a storm."I will not have you outside in such weather. You will catch your death if you go outside and I shan't have the lady Ariel becoming sick as well," he scolded. "I know that I cannot keep the two of you apart and I fully anticipate that if she is as kind-hearted and gentle as she appears to be, then she will be aiding you in your search efforts?"Eric nodded, willing to do whatever Grimsby would ask of him now that he had his blessing."She will," he promised his Head of House."Good." Grimsby nodded curtly with a slight incline of his head as he kept his fingers clasped together and in front of his middle."Now as to the matter of thinking you 'hurt her'…" His voice trailed off as he looked to his wife for help when it came to the matters of women and the way their minds worked.Eric's worry returned, worming its way into the pit of his churning stomach as he remembered how she had not been able to look him in the eye."Why won't she tell me where she's from, Lottie?" he begged quietly, desperate to hear the truth. He was not sure he wanted to hear whatever answer Carlotta would have to give, but he had to get the question out.Carlotta thought for a moment before giving the master of the castle an answer. "Listen to me carefully, Eric, and do not take in my words," Carlotta advised, his old nursemaid looking at him with such sternness, and yet, there was something else in the old Danish woman's expression he could not identify. "There are going to be things that Ariel is simply not comfortable talking with you about. If you ask me, she probably hasn't told anyone else about whatever it is has her so clammed up that she's not already told you.""Perhaps she does not wish to make you feel burdened by her problems. The girl seems quite selfless, you know. She tends to be looking after your well-being much better than the last girl we hired," Grimsby offered, thoughtfully.Carlotta nodded, looking surprised at her husband's answer and for once, agreeing with him."Whatever it is that she's going through, it's enough to make her extremely uncomfortable that she feels she can't confide in you. I advise dropping the matter and letting it alone, for now, Your Highness, and let her tell you in her own time." Then his maid added gently, "Prince, forcing Ariel to speak of whatever is ailing her will only drive a wedge between the two of you. I know that you care about her, those of us here in the whole bloody castle can see the bond between you growing. But you must be patient on this matter, sire. Let the girl come to you and don't pester her on it." Carlotta fell silent and sighed.Eric sighed in frustration and raked his fingers through his black hair. While not the answer he wanted to hear, he knew that Carlotta was right. The old meddlesome biddy was scarcely wrong. "You're right," he sighed, rubbing one of his arms nervously. "Ariel will come to me when she feels ready. I already saw what happened myself when I pressed her for an explanation. I won't…do that again," he said.Carlotta smiled warmly and leaned her head against Grimsby's chest and waved Eric towards the door to follow the same path that Ariel had taken. "Go on now, young master, while there's still daylight, then," she bid them. "Off with you then, boy, to win the heart of your maiden fair. Enjoy one another. We'll send a search party out to look for the Princess. Perhaps, if there's time, you can take the lady on a tour of the villages, show her the market. As for Grimsby and I, once the Princess is located and sent back home to her people, well, I think it's safe to say we have got a wedding to plan." Carlotta chuckled.It would be the most lavish wedding celebration the whole of Ipswich had ever seen if Grimsby had it his way.Eric turned on his heels, prepared to sprint through the hallways of his castle like a madman until he found Ariel, though before he could, he remembered and turned back around."She mentioned that her voice could be restored by the skills of a healer, a…witch? Is there a wise woman in one of the villages, Lottie? You—you would know, you're the person to ask, I suppose you and the other maids talk about," he stammered, his blue eyes glinting with what seemed unsurmountable stress, Carlotta noticed with affection.Carlotta glanced towards Grimsby."You would truly believe us?" she asked, quirking a brow as she thought of the master's disdain for the legends of the gods and magic users.The words tasted bitter on his tongue as he spat them out."I'll try," he grunted, though he'd not believed in the legends since his parents' deaths."Good, because if you want your girl to become chatty like the rest of my maids and you want to see the lass's voice restored sooner than your horse should leave at full speed the minute I end this sentence, Eric."The Prince started to shake with anticipation. "Where? Who is she? Tell me her name?!"A few more hysteric words were uttered from Carlotta and then Eric's heart plummeted to his chest at hearing her confession. There was indeed a witch that lived in a tumbledown hut at the edge of the village, near the city's gates, though getting to her wasn't easy, as she had enlisted the more recent protection of a guard following an attempt on her life regarding a prophecy made of one of her customers.At the mention of the guard's name, Eric's blood and emotions were a riot of boiling hot in anger and staggering in disbelief at an equal pace, hardly daring to believe it.But, with the promise of Ariel's hand in marriage, Eric knew there was a newfound reason to fight and live for, after all.Even if he had to face feared and reviled pirate Killian Jones for it. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 13
THE night fell, crisper and colder as if Hades himself were visiting them. He rode slowly, purposefully, his horses' s steps sinking softly into the sand. The sapphire blue water of the sea lapped at the beach upon which he trod. The black-clad cloaked rider had traveled a great distance, and now his journey was nearing an end, thank gods. He had wished for this moment since she had left him, Maggie had told her she could be found here, he had regretted the choice he had made with all of his heart. Part of him thrilled at the thought of finally reaching his destination. The rest of him dreaded just what he might find.Maggie had warned him, she had said that what his eyes beheld when he arrived would bring him pain.Whatever reception he was to receive, he could not even dare to guess. The sea air blew the dark cloak the horse's rider wore around him as he drew the massive great beast he rode to a halt, the steed snorting and pawing at the sand in agitation, his cloak almost making the rider seem as a phantasm.Fitting, the man thought bitterly to himself as his jaw clenched in his anger. He had been living as a ghost for years. The rider inhaled the freshness blown in by the Atlantic Ocean and tried to calm his racing heart. Another gust drew the cloak away from the leather reins the shadow rider held in his gloved hands. Infamous pirate and broken man Killian Jones closed his tired, heavy eyes and tried to pray that she would find her at last. It had been nearly ten years to the day since the passions spent with her with shared.Since he had known what it was like to love and to truly be loved. Then she had left him alone one night, crying without a word, leaving him to wonder what he had done wrong.Rejection, Killian had learned, led to the greatest moments of weakness. He had always prided himself on his ability to predict other peoples' behavior, and this particular behavior he knew better than most.Gods only knew how many times he had seen hundreds of men and women fall to the sorrow of rejection, time and time again. In that period where men drowned themselves in sorrow and ale, they were the most open and vulnerable, two things Killian Jones had sworn never to be again if he could help it.Even Killian was not immune to the power of rejection.Certainly, thus far in his life, all of his greatest mistakes had been after the love of his life had turned her back on him and turned him away, in one of her feisty, irritable moods.She had been one such mistake, at least he had been led to believe, but since he had years upon years to reflect on the events that had led to his torment, her, taunting his mind at every given chance, he realized that it was he who was her repeated mistake. Whenever she was rejected, or lonely, or in the darkest spaces of her mind, she came to him in their designated meeting spot, for comfort, seeking what promises of riches and love he could give her, and what dark, forgetful pleasures that he'd been able to give.Killian did for her what he did all others, offered the beauty who held his heart a gentle hand and sweet words. He leant her his flesh on which she painted her despair, and gods, what pretty pictures his lover drew. She left her signature marking in lovely little teeth marks on his shoulder, and sealed her art with her tears and tiny, gasping sobs that he wished he could bottle into a tiny vial and keep it close to his heart.It used to be that Killian thought that this time would be the time she stayed, the time when the weight of her sorrow was too great for her to bear alone. But the morning came for him when she did not meet him as she promised she would. Though her leaving did not sting as much as the words she had left behind to him in a letter, along with a single lock of her beautiful auburn hair. He kept the letter she had written to him, left in her message, the parchment slipped into a bottle, waiting for him, in his pocket, though even now, in his mind, as his horse trod slowly upon the sand, he could see them.
  Killian,
I am no good with words, Jones. You have always been their master, and I am your admirer. I'm not even sure what I hope to achieve by writing this to you. I hope that you find this, that it makes you smile. Dark days are coming, my father says. For all of us. I was never much for trinkets, but though you will deny it to the heavens and back, pirate, you are something of a romantic.  So, here, have a lock of my hair for you.
   I hope that it serves you well. I hope that you will keep it safe with you. 

  A bottle and this letter seemed the safest place for it when I wished to leave it for you to find. Maybe you would come upon it someday, when the darkness of our two worlds have passed and you are off somewhere in the world, happy and content, and you will remember me, and remember our love. 

  I hope you will remember me fondly.

  I'm sorry.

  A.
The letter had not made the pirate smile, whatever she might have hoped.The letter and her lock of hair only made him angry.Years later, without a word, had she only now had the courage to tell him that she was sorry she'd left? No, this wasn't even courage, this was cowardice at its finest—leaving him a letter and a present.And what hurt, more than any of this, was that there was still no explanation for what had happened—just a weak, half-hearted apology and some childish lines about asking that he remember her fondly.His mind wandering, the horse and he as he tried to ride up to the Prince's estate of this land of Ipswich as a triumphant warrior, there to claim his prize. Maggie had told him the answers he sought all these years was here. The way he proudly set his horse, his upturned jaw, and his tall posture gave off every inch of the conquering hero. He wanted to be the man, the pirate, that she had fallen in love with. Perhaps, if she were here, after all this time, she would think him dashing and gallant.Though the way Killian's pulse pounded in his ears, the dryness in his mouth, and the uncertainty burgeoning in his heart made him feel more like a beaten wreck, come to grovel at her feet and to beg for his life. Who was he trying to fool? She would see through his arrogant posturing in a heartbeat.He steeled himself for her pained anger at best, and her cold indifference at worst. Killian crossed the drawbridge and drew his mount up facing the portcullis. A group of armed squires assembled on the other side of the barrier as he approached. He did not offer them time to ask his business, but immediately took charge and asked for the Prince's Head of House, as Maggie had instructed him to."I have come to speak with the lady Carlotta Hougaard," he announced authoritatively. Killian did not say his name, but the flash of silver of his sword at his side told the guards who they were dealing with instantly. The younger men's eyes grew wide and round, shocked to see the pirate they believed to be well out at sea. One of them signaled above to open the gate as they barked out orders. As the portcullis ascended to allow him to enter, Killian strode into the courtyard of the grand castle-like he owned the place.He would at least appear a triumphant warrior, even if he did not happen to feel like one now.He was shown to the Great Hall and bid to wait as the servants disappeared up the steps that formed one wall. He grasped his bandaged stump that Maggie had done what she could to mend as he restlessly paced the floor. It was a failing attempt to control the trembling that threatened to overtake him.He silently readied himself for the moment the lady Carlotta would appear at the top of the stairs, though how in the gods' name an old maid could tell him news of the woman he sought was beyond him. It seemed an eternity before he heard footsteps above him. Catching his breath, he looked up. The person who glanced curiously down at him was not who he had hoped, but left Killian breathless, nonetheless.The first thing she took notice of in addition to the huge Old English Sheepdog that barreled down the stairwell after her was her fingers, long, slender, and perfect, pink at the tips, and gentle. He could tell by the way she touched at the jaw of the animal, and how the damned bloody dog responded to her enticement. She soothed the dog as she affectionately patted its thick mane as if the girl were her master."He's yours?" He paused, and as she lifted her gaze in surprise to look at him and nod happily, he swore he saw the sky in her eyes. Killian Jones stood in a daze at the girl lingering at the other end of the hall.Vibrant red hair in contrast to such pale skin and those bright azure eyes, it was her at that age.Fierce yet noble, and his every reason to get drunk at night.It was definitely her, of that there was no doubt in Killian's mind, and he heard himself speak her name, but when she made no move to reply and instead signed her answer, his heart leaped up into his throat.Her name was ripped from his lips before Killian could stop himself."Athena?" he whispered, his voice a hoarse croak. He fought to make sense of what in the bloody hell was happening as the fingers of his good hand twitched, itching to reach for his dagger in its sheath at his waist, to demand that this siren go back to the depths of the sea where she belonged. But his lungs refused to fill with air, there were no words in his throat to come forth, though he tried to speak. Killian stared intently at the ghost before him, hardly daring to believe that this was possible. It was not. Was it true? Was it her, after all this time? "That's…not possible," he breathed, shaking his head vehemently to himself, his mind reeling as it raced in uncontrollable directions, too fast for the flustered pirate to be able to keep up.He lifted his gaze to the siren's, going over to her and touching her shoulder, despite his rational side telling him not to."I looked for you, Ath. Ten. Years. I looked for you," he hissed through gritted teeth. "And you—you weren't there when you told me to come. Why weren't you there? What. Happened. Athena, what was so terrible that you just had to stay away from me?" Killian squeezed onto Athena's hand, wanting her to squeeze it back, but she did not. He felt hot, wretched tears come to his eyes, and a pang of unexplainable guilt and anger and sadness course through him. He had truly not believed it until this very moment that gods damn her, she still held his heart. He had told himself as he'd grown more bitter as the years passed that he did not love the siren from the sea who had saved his life that fated night, but it felt more real than that.The emotional pain was no doubt real. He became angry when she continued to look at him with those blue eyes teeming with curiosity, and perhaps, even a little bit of fear, which sent revulsion churning in his belly.He squeezed onto her shoulder more firmly, shaking her gently to try to force the siren to look him in the eyes, something she was actively avoiding doing, and he decided that he hated her for this."Answer me, Athena, gods damn you," he told her, trying to make the turned siren look at him.She looked up, startled, and confused, her mouth falling open in shock and antagonizing hurt.Killian clenched his teeth in his growing anger.Curse her to the hells, Athena was still beautiful, still perfect, no matter how angry he was with her.How could he still want her after all these years? He had every reason to hate her, but he could not. Digging into the pocket of his cloak, he held up the letter she had written to him, years ago, his hands shaking.Her eyes widened. Killian lowered his hand, his fingers curling around the parchment and crumpling it."Did you find that satisfactory, my love?" he snarled, the edges of his lips curling upward into a twisted and feral snarl. "Leaving me a hidden letter before you left? Did you expect that I would forgive you, my wife, the moment that I found it? Where have you been, damn you? I—I LOOKED FOR YOU!" Killian shouted, the last vestiges of his patience snapping as she point-blank still refused to look at him, too terrified to do so.He hated the way Athena was looking at him, as though he had just doused her with a bucket of ice-cold water. The color in her face had drained, and she tried to open her mouth to speak, but as usual, so far, nothing came out. She frantically signed with her hands.Th—you—you are confused! I—I've never even met you before. I'm NOT Athena. Athena was...my mother.His eyes felt as though he were mis-seeing what she was saying."You. Lie." Killian's teeth ground with only two words uttered between them.It was so bitter to the bone and with a quick reflexive movement as fast as lightning, he had the tip of a blade pressed against the column of her throat, causing her to gasp and take a reflexive step back.Shock and horror burst and rushed through Ariel's veins at the way that he was looking at her.His voice was rising to match the anger that was swelling within him and threatening to implode to the surface, steadily growing louder in the quiet of the Great Hall. No doubt the other maids were listening in at the door, hoping to catch snippets of the conversation between the Prince's hearth keep and this notorious pirate. Her breaths caught in her throat as the man took hold of her, pressing her back and back until she bumped against the wall, the rough stone masonry digging into the skin of her dress.She looked, deep into the fathomless cold blue, and swallowed, though the man did not release her.If anything, his grip on her seemed to tighten. She felt his anger dripping from him, could feel the radiating hostility that chilled her bones. Right now, this stranger was a fuming, betrayed man, a pirate from the looks of him, clamoring with antagonizing hurt and betrayal and the beaming frustration in this man and his mistaking her to be her mother, claiming that Mother had been…his wife, only made her feel sick.Suddenly, her ears were burning, and her stomach was in knots, her heart pounding in her throat painfully. She swallowed, feeling the tip of the man's cold still blade dig into her throat, and it felt as though she were swallowing knives. The fear now coursing through her veins at this human mortal who was very deranged was so powerful, that she could not even fight against him.He stood there, this man, tall, looming, powerful, handsome, yes, of that there was no denying, and totally in black. His blue eyes burned, smoldering, and almost seemed to glow as he cocked his head to the side.This was it. This was surely how she was to die. She felt tears come to her eyes as she waited for the inevitable feeling of the blade piercing her skin, but that moment for Ariel never came.It felt like a horrible betrayal to her, of some sort. She was no doubt to feel ridiculous to feel betrayed by this man, whoever he was and had been to her mother, supposed husband or not, though their marriage would have been illegitimate and not proper in the eyes of Poseidon, and oh, Father!Did her father know of this man and her mother?Cold fear washed over her, and she had to steel herself not to move an inch.Though the urge to kick him where she knew it would hurt him the worst was more than tempting at the moment, she knew this man would be able to outmaneuver her, always. His grip was a vice on her shoulders, preventing her from escaping as he still held her pinned against the wall. She could not escape.When she recovered some courage, she opened her eyes and looked up at this stranger who seemed to know her mother. The handsome man stared at her blankly, but she could see his eyes.They had the same look that she used to attribute to Mother whenever she had needed to make up her mind on something. To her utter amazement, he dropped the hand wielding the knife. Ariel's breaths caught in her throat as she looked up at him, cautiously. She did not know admittedly how to go about this. She flinched when the man clad in black brought up his left hand, wherein she caught the glint of a gold wedding band that sparkled in the light streaming through the window, and she flinched, wondering if it was truly his. She knew the humans wore them on their fingers when they married, and a pang welled in her stomach as she wondered if his words were true, if Mother had loved the human man before she had married Father if she had worn one on her finger and if so, why had she never seen her wear it?Too many questions and not enough answers were flitting around in her brain. She flinched as the man hovered his calloused fingertips over her cheekbone. She could feel the man's gentle fingertips on her face even though he did not touch her. It was like an electrical eel's charge that caused goosebumps to erupt all over her skin. As she watched him nervously, she felt a swell of happiness rush up inside her.He…he wasn't going to kill her! Maybe, just maybe, he had already formed some type of attachment to her as a human being, even if it was on the sole basis that she was the spitting image of her mother, her sisters, and father all said she was. But if only she knew what this man was thinking….Ariel's surge of triumph quickly began to fade, however, as she watched him raise his knife again, but before she could feel the inevitable terror that would soon flood through her body, he jerked his hand down, bringing the handle of the blade down on her head.Her vision immediately went black and she pitched forward in an ungraceful heap, landing completely unconscious at his boots, or would have, had the man not dove into a swift crouch to catch her.She was not awake as notorious and feared pirate throughout many continents Killian Jones carried her in his arms bridal-style back to his horse waiting for him outside in the stables.Maggie would know what to do with this one, he was sure of that.THE blood rushed in Molly's ears, and she barely heard a word that Kasper was speaking as her love struggled to keep up behind her.Violet had told her a stranger was here in the castle, easily one of the most handsome blokes she had ever seen. Rumor was, he was a pirate. Eager for just one glimpse of him, she ignored Kasper's protests to stay in the safety and confines of the kitchens and to finish preparing the Prince's meal, though if she had to listen to Chef Louis break out into song one more time, she'd burst.The sound of Kasper's angry, reverberating shouts rang in her ears."Molly! Stop! Do you—do you have any idea what the hells you're doing?" he shouted, his voice reverberating off the walls, to which Molly rolled her eyes, though she interloped her arm with Carlotta and Grimsby's son, hoping to supplicate his anger somewhat. "He's dangerous!" Kasper reminded her."I'll be careful." Molly pouted by way of response to her lover, sticking out her bottom lip in a slight pout that normally, Kasper would have found adorable, but right now, he merely found the look insufferable.It was Molly who saw the stranger in the courtyard first and stopped dead in her tracks as she realized what the man was holding. Ariel. Molly grabbed Kasper by his forearm and pulled him to the side of a hedge where they would not be seen. The two watched in abject horror as the stranger mounted his horse with relative ease, giving a swift kick with his heels to spur the animal into motion. It turned on its hooves with a dissatisfied whiney and began to head off in the direction of the village."What in the name of Odin is he doing? Where is he taking her?" Molly whispered urgently, stricken with fear at the thought of this man harming someone who she was quickly considering her dear friend."I don't know," Kasper replied, annoyed. He was trying to focus on just exactly what he was seeing, as he tried to figure out just what to do."Go get the Prince!" Molly ordered, already on the move and heading towards the stables to alert a guard."What?" Kasper questioned. "What—no! What about you, Molly?""Well, I'm going to alert Grimsby, he needs to know the Prince's hearth keep has been stolen right out from under our noses," Molly replied with determination, looking at Kasper as though the man had grown two heads as if she thought her decision should have been obvious.As Molly turned hastily to leave, Kasper caught his breath, not knowing exactly what he was going to do, how he was going to tell his best friend that Ariel had been taken.But one thing was certain. Whoever this intruder, this stranger was, had better prepare for the fight of his life and to lose his head. He steeled his nerves and ran back inside the castle, hellbent on finding Eric, ready to protect the woman he knew his best friend since childhood to be now madly in love with.ERIC tensely watched from the parapets the coming thunderstorm, the wind blowing his bangs off his forehead. He had been mentally steeling himself for the better part of a half-hour, mulling over the many ways that he could announce his news to Ariel, that with proper documentation, and once the Princess was found, they would be free to marry. If only she could know, how much in his mind he was beginning to love her. She was his light in dark tunnels, she saw him, through him, drowned him, revived him, and drowned him again in his dreams. A sudden knock robbed him of his ruminating of wondering if perhaps a walk along the beach might suffice, if she would enjoy that, and he strode to the door and opened it clumsily.Kasper stood on the other side and peered into the small opening he had made.His best friend seemed to have aged five years within the last half an hour. His eyes widened momentarily and what little color was left in his face drained. Eric was instantly alarmed. "Your Majesty, I…" Kasper gasped, struggling to catch his breath, and clutching at a stitch in his side as he heaved for fresh oxygen to return to his burning lungs, having run to the Prince's chambers. "It's Ariel."At the mention of the girl's name, Eric was immediately concerned and opened the door wider to allow his best friend to stumble inside."What's wrong?" he spoke up, rushing to his friend's side and helping him to stand upright.Never before had he seen Grimsby and Carlotta's son in such a state of panic before.Something was horribly wrong with him."I can't…" Kasper began, his words forming ahead of his thoughts. "Ariel's been kidnapped, Your Grace. Some man in black, he took her," he spluttered, almost afraid to say the words.He blinked owlishly, at his friend, his stomach going hollow the minute the words left his lips. "What?" Eric staggered backward, turning his pained eyes up to his friend, certain he had heard Kasper wrong.But the look on his friend's face told him that no, he had not misunderstood.He swallowed hard and felt something dark and ugly within himself shift and give way. Kasper grimaced and bit at the wall of his cheek, thinking he had never seen such ferocity and determination in the man's eyes before, until now, but then, to the best of his knowledge, his friend had never fallen in love before and did not know what it was like, to experience the fear of losing the one you loved.When he spoke, the coldness in the man's voice chilled the blood in Kasper's veins to ice."Then I'll tear Ipswich to the ground, inch by inch until I find her."THE agony splitting through Ariel's head was nearly unbearable. A moan left her as she stirred awake. It took her a few minutes for the fog of confusion she found herself in to dissipate. There was always fear. It was not an experience of suddenly remembering her situation being consumed with fear after a sense of comfortable confusion. Instead, it was simply a realization of the cause of the sense of impending doom.She was lying on a hard surface which she could not discern, and her surroundings were completely dark. She was vaguely aware she was not in the dark though, and she felt the fabric of cloth wound around her eyes, preventing her from seeing a thing.Everything came back to her and suddenly, no holes were missing. None that Ariel could remember anyway, and she tried to think about where she might be now and what she might be able to do to get out of this situation. She tried to move her arms by feeling her wrists bound by rope.She yanked hard at her binds, but they only cut into the skin of her wrists and more tears came to her eyes. She tugged harder on her binds in a desperate attempt to breakthrough. She felt a warm trickle of blood run down her wrist as she sliced into the soft skin. The cuts on her palm seemed to have stopped bleeding and fresh blood dripped over the crusty dried blood from before.She tensed when she heard the creaking of a floorboard and after an initial pause, she began yanking even harder. She heard the door fly open, slamming into the wall at her side.Heavy footsteps thudded towards her, and she would have yelped as she felt gloved hands close around her wrists-his hands, the mad man's. His hands held her firm, and Ariel ceased her struggling.Still, her body trembled violently, and her lips had begun to quiver. Her stomach churned and a chill ran through her so deeply that she began to tremble. The fear was sickening. It was so bad that she was sure she was going to vomit. She felt the man's hands move towards her head, and her heart pounded in her chest so hard that it hurt, and she could hear the rush of her blood in her ears.But then, there was a pause, and the cloth covering her eyes was gently taken from her head.It took her a moment for her eyes to adjust to the dim but harrowing light of a candle as it was suddenly thrust into her face, far too close for Ariel's comfort. The stark contrast of the heat to how everything else in this room, wherever she happened to have been brought to, was almost unbearable.The door did not bang shut but it closed with a loud thud, and she jumped slightly, straining her ears to hear. Why had this man brought her here and how did he know her mother?She did not even know his name. What was his name, and if he did tell her, would he tell her the truth?The questions raced through her mind at an unbelievable speed and by the time she heard more movement on the other side of the room, her fear was insurmountable. Carefully, cautiously, she peeked open one eyelid and when they did, they looked up once again to the handsome man clad in black.She felt bile rise in her throat at the way he was looking at her like she was such a disappointment like he knew something of herself that she could not discover and did not know what.He turned his head to look at her face, but he only stared.When Ariel said nothing, he turned his back to her and rummaged with something on his belt. Her stomach turned as he turned around to face her again and in his hands held the same knife that he had tried to threaten her with, and Ariel once again felt unexplainable terror seize through her as he raised the knife.The flat side of the blade was gently placed to her lips. She fell silent but trembled more violently now, though her breaths caught in her throat as the stranger moved his knife to her wrists and cut her binds.Ariel gingerly rubbed her wrists, wincing at how the skin was nearly rubbed raw. She grimaced and tried not to pull a face and instead tried to think of something that might supplicate this man who'd taken her.Though before she could even formulate a coherent reply in her mind, her attention was caught by the sound of another door opening.Urgently, Ariel held in the gasp which threatened to signal her surprise, while the stranger clad in black leather that suggested he was in no way a gentleman, did not look surprised at all to see the newcomer.She had expected some strong-armed companion of this man's. Instead, what met her questioning eyes was as far from someone like this man as she could have imagined. She appeared not more than a beggar than a voodoo priestess or a witch if that was who this man had brought her here to see.She certainly looked the part of a wise woman, in her worn and tattered rags, her matted dreadlocks sliced roughly to shoulder length. Her dark skin glistened, and she smiled at Ariel with an unsettling grin that revealed many rotted teeth that made her uneasy."Beggin' your pardon, Highness," the stranger offered in a heavy accentuated tone that suggested she was not from these parts. "We mean ya no harm. Killian here….apologizes for bringing you to me under such…unusual circumstances and now he can leave us." The ancient-looking yellow eyes she possessed smiled at Ariel all too knowingly from within their sockets.The woman's teeth ground as she noticed her companion stiffen and straighten his gait."Leave," she commanded in a tone that suggested she was not to be trifled with. "Come back in an hour, she'll be rested and ready to talk to you then," she told him curtly.The man who Ariel now knew to be called Killian scowled heavily, but as the man's heavy footsteps faded, so did Ariel's initial unease and her fear.The other woman clucked her tongue and sighed."I could never be like 'im…" Her jaws tightened as she furrowed her brows, watching him go, keeping her eyes on the man's backside as he slammed the door, and only tore her gaze away from him when he had well and truly gone. "'E's a righteous man…for a pirate, the light at the end of long tunnels. His goodness annoys me, but he serves his purposes. Comes in handy in a pinch. I could never be like him. No doubt you're wondering who I am, who he is, and what the hells you are doing here, yes?" she asked, sensing the confusion in Ariel's eyes and how the furrow between her brows deepened in her growing confusion.Only when Ariel nodded, did the woman continue. Ariel hesitantly smiled, a bit embarrassed now that the worst of her nervousness had dissipated. It was as if this woman, whoever she was, had heard the questions flitting through her mind. She got the impression she knew the thoughts of others.She did not understand why, perhaps it was the woman's eyes, but she sensed this woman held no ill intents towards her. Her intuition had never led her astray so far and she decided to trust it.She could not place her face, but she was certain she had seen her somewhere, perhaps, and there was no doubt in her mind that her name had been spoken to her on some previous occasion.Do I know you? She inquired seriously, signing, and biting down on her lip, hoping that this woman could understand."I cannot say that we have met, no, but I know who you are. You look just like her. your mother," she sighed wistfully. "I know you... what you are," she answered respectfully, but with a vague tone in her voice. "Rest assured, me and my…companion…outside, mean you no harm, you're quite safe here in my home. I shan't tell anyone your…secret." She chuckled at the look of shock burgeoning in Ariel's eyes.Ariel nodded slowly, trying to process all of the information, and then it hit her.The—the Prince, he'll know I'm gone! She stammered, her hands beginning to shake in worry and alarm, to which the woman made a tsking noise at the back of her throat, causing her to halt her movements.But the older woman held up a hand to quell her fears.
  "There's no need for alarm, pet. You'll be returned to him soon enough. I apologize for sending Jones in my place but I would not have been left within a foot of the castle gates. It had to be him. He's got a certain charm I lack, see. I will return you to the castle. Something tells me your Prince would have my head if he missed hearing your voice for the first time. Fear not. You are very much safe and alive," she promised. "And I intend to keep both of you that way if I can at all help it, but first…it would seem you require my skills, wouldn't you say?"
Your—your skills? Ariel almost tried to laugh despite her caution. As her eyes drifted around the dreary interior of the tumbledown shack, a guarded suspicion began to take hold of him.The only thing that kept her from bolting from the shabby pile of blankets that formed a comfortable spot for her to sit on was her trust that the woman had given her word, that she'd not be harmed.Her gaze settled upon the vials of colorful potions and piles of charms that were the supposed tools of her host's craft. In a rush of understanding, Ariel tried to gasp in shock, her efforts again tampered by the throbbing pain at her head where that man, Killian Jones, had struck her.Sensing her apprehension, the other woman spoke up and was quick to try to alleviate her concerns."I'm something of a Healer, a wise woman, they call me. I am no threat to your Prince or the lands he rules over, I assure you." She affirmed. "I will tell you everything, but first, there's the matter of your voice, child. What good is the King and Queen's daughter with no voice, aye indeed…For I, for one, want to know what another mermaid is doing on land, and you cannot tell me without your voice." She paused and leaned forward to allow a blackened fingernail to trail up the column of Ariel's throat. She shuddered and tried to repress the violent shiver that went down her back at the thought of this woman touching her. "I can heal you, dear. Your voice, it was stolen from you." A dark shadow flickered through her eyes as she spoke.Ariel stiffened, her breaths catching in her throat. Although her guard was up, she knew she had no choice but to allow this woman's care, for now. It would give her time to place her in the recollections her mind desperately searched for in her understanding. She vowed to herself that she would linger only as long as necessary. Soon, she would return to the Prince's side. Ariel nodded numbly, choosing to set aside her wariness and growing discomfort if it meant that this woman could help her get her voice back.Seeming to read the resignation in her thoughts, the woman sighed deeply, a look of forced satisfaction resting over her features. "Very well." She changed the subject. "Let me bring you a bowl of something hot," she insisted. "To rebuild your strength before we get your voice back." Her eyes danced in delight.Ariel nodded and swallowed hard, hardly daring to believe it. Suddenly, she thought she needed a deeper connection with the woman who now seemingly held her life in her hands.What is your name? She signed hesitantly.As if reading her apprehension, the woman paused, having made to turn away to shuffle towards a pot of something cooking over a weak fire in the hearth, and looked at Ariel.She lifted her gaze and smiled sweetly, almost innocently, at Ariel. It took her a moment to find her voice."You may call me Maggie, dear, and you have nothing to fear from me. Your mother and I, she was one of my dearest friends, once. She saved my life and I gave her something precious to her in exchange. It's a long story and I promise to tell you everything, but only over dinner…"
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 14

ERIC thought that he was getting used to the dryness of his mouth and the constant swallowing of nothing, but now there was the taste of iron between his tongue and palate. It took the agitated and skittish young Prince a moment to realize that he'd bitten down on his tongue hard enough to curb his pained breathing
He started to shiver, but not from the cold. It hurt like hell.

  I'll kill him if he's hurt her…kill whoever took her… 

His jaw clenched and again, his teeth dug on the wall of his mouth. Sweat made its way to the tip of his nose and stayed stagnant until a bead gathered and dropped off. He let out a quick and dense breath and felt the weakening of his knees as his hand jutted out to the wall on the winding staircase and held himself firmly. The hand that held himself firmly against the wall formed into a white-boned fist and he smashed it against the brick. Dust made a light coating around the shallow dent and Eric heard the soft clucking of debris against his boots and the stone staircase.
The Prince almost swallowed his tongue, throttling the urge to roar like an enraged dragon, and a few hot tears escaped his eyes. His mind blazed with double-edged curses, a foul language he was grateful Grimsby wasn't around to hear and scold him for. He was beginning to think that Ariel's constant disappearing acts were apt to get her killed one day, and now, to add to the Princess's disappearance, he had hers to fret over.
The length between the borders of Ipswich and Chales was about a half day's ride, less than that if by carriage. If they did not find the Princess soon, he would be risking his people's safety, but it was difficult to think of forming a plan in his mind to search for her when all he could think of was Ariel.
The worst part of all of this though was that the stinging on his now likely-broken knuckles weren't enough to swap with the anguish that stabbed at his chest. He was of half a mind where when Ariel was returned to him then he would tether a rope around her waist and secure the other half to his wrist and never let her go. His throat hallowed and threatened a sob, but he would not let it. He had to be strong and could not let his emotions get the better of him. Not when everything hinged upon his successes. A noise from outside caught his attention from somewhere below, where a number of his soldiers had begun to accumulate.
One of them was shouting out behind the closure of the gates, things that Eric could not even decipher.
But from the looks of the men and the faint silhouette of Grimsby gathered, this wasn't any good news.
He could hear audible footsteps scraping behind him and did not even have to turn around to see it was Kasper.
"Eric—" he gasped out.
"What is going on down there?" Eric hotly accused, turning on his heels to glare at his friend, folding his arms across his chest. "Ariel, Kasper, has she been found?"
"Uh," his best friend squeaked, heaving for breath, and clutching at a stitch on his side. "There's a man at the gates."
"What does he want?" he scowled.
"He's…seekin' audience with you."
"He has a name?" Eric asked, his senses on high alert, not liking the way that his friend was suddenly looking uncomfortable, not even able to look him in the eye as he awkwardly shifted his weight from one foot to the next.
"He… didn't want to say, Eric."
"Then tell him to come back some other time when he has an appointment."
"But…" Eric had not stopped, and the Prince had been about to turn on his heels to head back inside, not until his eyes caught the movement at the wrenching little detail— "H—He has Molly, Your Highness."
Eric did not need to be told twice. The Prince took the passageways of the keep at a full sprint, a singular figure with a singular purpose. Any members of his staff who might have viewed him as he darted across the vast castle, through the courtyard, and towards the vestibule would have thought Prince Eric had gone mad.
It was true, he was nearly out of his mind. His love for Ariel and friendship with Kasper's love had caused a sense of crazed urgency with him and he would be bloody damned to drown in the fathoms below if he would let this man lay a single finger on either woman. He was desperate to reach the gates.
Simply traversing the distance between himself and the front gates of the estate had been the extent of Eric's plan, with Kasper and Max trailing closely behind at his heels.
He knew not what he would say when at last he was in Ariel's kidnapper's presence, what he could threaten this man with if anything at all. Eric did not care if he seemed a lunatic, or absurd.
He was not in a patient mood and reviled pirate or not, Killian Jones was going to give him Ariel if he wanted to prove to Eric that he wasn't bloody stupid or else— With no memory of the path he had just run, he skidded to a halt once he reached the gates, his heart pounding audibly loudly in his chest.
As the Prince appeared in front of the gates, the crowd of soldiers and curious maids under Carlotta's care and command immediately parted to make way for the master of the castle.
There were more gathered down here at the front than Eric had expected, men who met his strides with cynical gazes, and whose hands were around the hilts of their swords. The Prince shoved past them carelessly, however, his mind fixated solely on seeing Molly out of danger first and foremost and then learning the whereabouts of Ariel from this man no matter what he had to do to get this feared pirate to talk to him.
He stopped a good distance before the petite little blonde woman who held his best friend's heart, standing just above the risen portcullis. Eric studied Molly's physical condition with a trained and calculated eye. The man holding Molly hostage had a knife to the blonde's throat.
A burning rage hit the Prince so suddenly that he did not have time to properly sort through the emotions waging war within himself. He felt nothing but anger and even a twinge of fear at the sight of the man clad in black who held one of his friends pinned against his body, Molly violently shivering.
When Eric spoke, his voice did not sound like himself at all. "What is that you want? Why do you have her? Let. Her. Go." The command escaped him as a low growl, his broad chest practically vibrating from the sound. Prince Eric's threatening tone spurred a shudder from Grimsby and Carlotta, who moved to stand in between their son as Kasper fretted and snarled at the man who held his love hostage, and merely a quiet shrug from the tall pirate. The Prince angrily took two steps nearer, pressing the edge of his blade against the column of her throat, forcing a jab of angered pain on Molly's tear-stricken expression. A single droplet of blood from the man's knife trickled down her neck.
As he lifted his gaze to lock eyes with the man, he was almost appalled as what he saw on the other side of the gates took his breath away, and the Prince was unable to stop the spiraling warmth, a tingling numbness, of jealousy from spreading through his body.
Clad entirely in black leather was easily one of the most handsome men Eric had seen in his life, more so than him, he was loathed to admit, and wondered what his intents were concerning Ariel. White skin near the color of parchment paper and high, chiseled cheekbones. His blue eyes were pale and piercing. His shadow raven dark hair was tousled and windswept from the ocean's breezes. Eric felt a shiver run up his spine as he stared at him. For a moment, the Prince felt lost in the handsome pirate's stare, unable to move or think. This was the man who had somehow entered his castle and taken Ariel right out from under his nose? Goosebumps broke out over his skin and Eric fought to crinkle his nose in disgust when a small, sensuous smile spread to the pirate's thin lips as he stepped closer with Molly, ignoring the squeak of surprise the blonde gave out as he kept the blade still pinned to her neck, his meaning enforced.
When the man spoke, it was a coming from a man of experience—hoarse yet filled with bitterness, perhaps even abhorrence for him.
"You are Eric?" he asked in a low voice, and the man's tone was laced with gravel and ire.
Eric frowned and exchanged a worried look with Carlotta and Grimsby, the skin of their brows pulled taut and tight with concern.
"What does it matter to you?" the Prince demanded.
The man scoffed. "So, it is you. Good."
Eric's teeth angrily clenched.
From his side appeared Grimsby, with his Head of House resting a hand on his shoulder. He spared a glance towards Molly's tear-filled face and then flicked his gaze back towards pirate Killian Jones.
"Why do you have her? Where's my hearth keep?" he demanded, unable to keep the warbling note of anger from seeping its way unbidden to the surface of his voice as his quiet voice trembled with emotions.
"Oh, this one? Her?" As if even forgetting he had a captive, the handsome pirate looked at Molly from head to foot before he clucked his tongue in mock disappointment. He stepped backward away from the shivering girl and lowered his knife, shoving her forward through the crack in the open gate. "I needed reassurance that the master of the castle was here." To their relief, the man shoved Molly towards Kasper. The stranger continued, rolling his eyes as Kasper took Molly in his arms and shot him a withering look that if looks could have killed, the pirate would have been pinned in a fraction of a second with Kasper's grey dagger eyes before Kasper angrily turned on his heels and led Molly back towards the castle to be seen by the castle's physician John. "Would have almost killed her back there in the marketplace, her singing is atrocious, and I would have done your villagers a favor," the stranger taunted in a mean voice calloused with ire and bitterness as he rolled his eyes and scoffed. "But she might be some godsent apparition who happened to be heading back to the castle, so I kept her alive, knowing you would not see me without…an escort."
Eric did not revert his gaze as Kasper led Molly away, with Carlotta and Grimsby following suit.
There was an unhinging effect to this pirate in his dark leathers. He was tall and lean behind his covers but moved deftly, and even the Prince knew this man, Killian Jones, was no ordinary pirate of the seas who drew closer to him.
"I never intended to hurt her, but it was the only way to get you to see me. I have something you want," the taller, more handsome man murmured as if in secret, causing Eric's blood to sour within his veins. "A lovely little slip of a thing. Ariel. She seems…quite taken with you, Prince. I can take you to her, but you must come with me, and alone."
Eric's heart leaped up into his throat at the mention of Ariel's name. He started to step forward but then realized how the action would be viewed by Jones. He steadied himself instead on legs that could barely stand.
He grabbed the hilt of his dagger at his side as if he thought the small weapon could bear his weight. Eric could feel Killian Jones' piercing stare burning holes into him, all the while he forced himself to breathe. His jaw was steel, his fists were knots. He could not allow this pirate any indication that his heart was now reduced to a terrified slab in his chest.
The only way Eric knew it was still beating was the sound of it roaring in his ears. He was not aware that he had gone as pale as a ghost as all the color drained from his face. His reeling mind began to churn with fear and questions.
What had happened? Where was she? Was she lying dead or injured in some godforsaken ravine somewhere? He bit down on his tongue in order not to yell a tirade to the heavens. Where was she?! Eric felt his eyes narrow in disgust and hatred as a deep, lowly growl left the back of his throat as he stalked towards the pirate's position, reaching out a hand and winding it around a fistful of his jerkin, pulling him closer towards him so the man was almost flush against his chest and thrusting his face so closely into Jones's that their noses almost touched.
A pause was nothing that Killian could have hoped for.
The pirate could surely sense the revolt Prince Eric was nursing against him, but if he wished to prove that he wasn't at all stupid then this man was going to listen to him and bloody listen well enough.
"Ariel, Jones. I know what you are. Where. Is. She?" It was not a question, and he was not about to be denied. Eric was not in a mood to be tested and he was not about to tolerate this wretched filthy pirate's tricks or round-about answers or acts of deceit. He wanted Ariel and this man was going to lead him to her or so help him, he'd have his head on a pike before the morrow and put it in front of his castle as a warning to those who would dare think to defy him.
"Your Highness."
Eric looked up sharply, fully prepared to warn whoever it was that had spoken to him just now that he was not about to be kind to anyone who would deter him from finding the young redhead who held his heart when he quickly shot a furtive, guilty look towards Grimsby and silently tried to apologize to the much older man when he realized it was his Head of House that had spoken to him, his lined and wrinkled expression furrowed with worry and fear.
"What, Grims?" Eric barked, his tone dark and feeling his pale blue eyes grow even darker, turning almost cerulean. He was not in a patient mood and gods help him, help them all, Grimsby had better speak quickly. "I have to go, Grimsby. This seems to be the only way. I've no choice but to trust this...pirate at his word and hope that it is his bond," he sighed, raking a hand through his black hair and quietly shutting the iron-wrought gate closed behind him. "Feel free to send a guard along with me, if you must, but he can lead me to my hearth keep, then I have to go."
Grimsby offered a silent nod by way of agreement and motioned with a flourish of his arm and an order barked out in rapid-fire Danish for the closest guard standing nearest them to join the Prince's side. Eric breathed a sigh of relief as the guard, a man he trusted, moved to stand by his side. He hated to say it, but he would feel much more at ease with Dan Thorsen by his side, a friend of his mother's.
It would be good to have another set of eyes to watch for any signs of danger from this pirate. Save for himself and perhaps Carlotta and Grimsby, Kasper, and Molly, of course, there was no one in the world that he would have trusted more with Ariel's well-being than with Ser Dan by his side. Eric remembered as a young man, Dan's steadfast and stout enduring fealty and faithfulness towards his mother. There were rumors abound that he stayed because he'd once harbored feelings for her, but whether or not those rumors were true, Eric never cared to find out, and nor did he want to. At this juncture, it was more than enough to have someone alone he trusted. He was sure that Ser Dan would give his own life to see Eric and by extension, Ariel now, kept from harm.
Eric could only pray that it would not come to that as they left the castle.
It was Carlotta who broke the silence between them as Ser Dan moved to stand alongside Killian Jones and shot him a withering look of intense dislike filled with hatred.
"Well?!" Carlotta bellowed. "Don't just stand there gaping like a codfish, boy! Close your mouth and go! Go after her! Follow them!" She motioned angrily towards Killian Jones' impatient form as the pirate shifted his weight from one foot to the next. Eric bolted out of his thoughts and was following the pirate's trail before Carlotta could roll her eyes.

KILLIAN Jones did not speak a single word to Ser Dan or Eric other than to tell them he was taking them to Maggie, the witch Eric remembered Carlotta telling him about briefly as he led the pair of men through the village that bordered his estate for what seemed like hours. The longer they walked, the more Eric's heels started to ache.
At last, and thank the gods they did, they arrived at what appeared to be the old woman's dwelling, though Eric grimaced as such a term could only loosely be applied to the tiny hovel of a shack that looked as though one good gale of strong wind would tumble this woman's abode.
It sat overgrown with vines at the edge of the city's gates. The walls had been erected of a strange combination of bark and the remnants of what seemed to be a tent. The thatched roof was more patch than reeds and straw.
So small was the structure that Eric was sure he would not be able to stand upright within its confines. His disgruntled escort said nothing, simply motioned for Eric to follow him as he disappeared in through the door of the hut.
Warily, Eric hesitated, but only for a fraction of a second as he entered into the darkened, tiny refuge.
Inside, Eric found relatively little to calm his fears as his stomach turned in apprehension. The light cast by what he could barely describe as a fire roaring in the hearth was far too dim for him to make out anything clearly, at least at first. However, what his adjusting eyes could discern was that his and Ariel's benefactress was well-practiced in the arts of healing magic but the Dark arts as well. A coil in his gut twisted and bile rose at the back of his throat with the fear of what this man had brought Ariel into somehow. But deep down, he knew they had no choice.
If this witch was the best hope Ariel had at getting her voice back, if she could be healed, if this pirate and the old woman could be trusted, then Eric would have to overlook the more questionable aspects of their characters.
"Where is she?" Eric asked, his entire body shaking with the solemnity of his anger, his fists clenching at his sides.
Killian Jones turned on his heels, looking as though he was about to answer, though before he could, the voodoo priestess and witch who now held Ariel's life in her hands entered the hut, a small pile of kindling for a fire in her arms. She appeared more a creature of the sea and woods combined than a living, breathing, human being.
It was almost as if she had sensed the men's arrival into her home. Both Eric and Ser Dan turned to regard their host.
"You are Maggie?" Eric was so flabbergasted that he did not bow to Ariel's benefactress, though he did incline his head slightly by way of respect, trying to indicate to this wild woman that he meant her no harm.
"Aye." She did not dispute his claim. Her eyes were a piercing yellow that was not at all natural that moved with listless disinterest over Eric's form. Eric silently bristled but stayed silent.
Killian interjected. "Mags. Brought him. As asked," he murmured lowly and then moved forward to take the pile of kindling from her arms. Eric stared after the pirate for a moment as he moved towards the hearth and tended to the fire within, and then flicked his gaze back towards the woman who could supposedly help Ariel in regaining her voice.
He got the impression this witch was trying to seem imposing and ominous, but it wasn't going to work. As he gritted his teeth, a flicker of something sparked in her yellow and otherwise lifeless eyes. Her lips curled up into a soft smile.
"You come for her, don't you, boy? The lovely little siren you pulled from the sea..." she asked. The witch shuffled forward, an odd expression on her face. The witch Maggie was deliberate in her motions, and her face was already beginning to show signs of exhaustion that she would not allow her body to feel for hours more yet to come.
Eric stiffened, a pang of fear worming its way around his heart and squeezing, hard until it felt as though the very breath were stolen from his lungs. "I have. Ariel. H-how is she?" he asked, with fear shadowing his hopes.
Maggie looked at him with heavy eyes. Taking a deep breath, she delivered the news.
"I've given her a special brew to drink that will give her voice back, something of my design, but I must warn you, she's in for a rough night ahead. By witch's curse, her voice was taken, and by witch's remedy, her voice returns. There might be…ah, some side effects, she might suffer a sore throat for a few days, but her voice will return, and soon."
Eric dissolved in relief as Ser Dan, temporarily forgetting his place, grabbed onto the Prince's shoulders and shook him. Eric bounded forward and very nearly drew the witch off her feet. Killian scowled and continued to brood near the fireplace but made no move to approach the two men. Maggie smiled, a wry smile finding her cheeks.
However, the witch was still cautious of declaring the siren from the sea fully healed.
"She isn't out of the woods yet, young master," Maggie tempered Eric's happiness.
"She is currently sleeping, and there is a risk of side effects," she warned. "The girl might experience…mood swings. Recovering from a curse is no small feat. Her throat might be sore for several days and will take time to heal. I would advise her not to be delved into too much anxiety as she heals."
"I need to see her. Please." Eric implored, his worry returning as his mind processed the witch's words.
Maggie smiled, and it was all Eric could do not to shudder as she revealed a set of blackened teeth.
"Follow me." She nodded, assured of herself. Maggie led Eric and Killian through her simple two-room hut.
A large blanket had been hung from the low ceiling to allow separation from the rest of her home.
She held the curtain back to allow Eric to enter first, as Killian Jones followed close behind. His breaths hitched in his throat at the sight of Ariel resting motionless and unconscious on a small pile of blankets that he suspected served as the witch's bed. He stood there for a moment, in awe. Ariel was here, in front of him, and seemingly unharmed. His dreams seemed within reach, and although she was not awake yet, his heart raced with relief and joy.
His eyes scanned the interior of the hut, which, by his standards, he would describe as a hovel, sparsely decorated and utilitarian. She deserved to be back home with him, in his castle.
Without waiting for an invitation, Eric crossed gravely to the center of the room in front of Killian Jones. His heart wrenched as he neared the young woman he still hoped to marry.
Thoughts of locating Princess Vanessa within the next two days or his country would be at war with Chales seemed the furthest thing from his mind at this given moment. The color seeped from Ariel's flesh. Her lips were tinged with a horrible bluish hue that made him shiver. She seemed but a ghost. Her breaths came to her in shallow waves.
Eric had to stare at Ariel's chest to make sure it rose again each time her tired lungs expelled air.
He knelt into a crouch by Ariel's motionless form on the pile of blankets and used the wall as a brace for his back.
He took her hand and gingerly pressed it to his lips. He stroked back a lock of her hair that had fallen in front of her face while she slept. He raised his eyes to her face, his fingers tracing the familiar lines of her cheeks.
His mind flooded with memories of the little moments they had shared thus far in one another's company, and visions of the life that he still hoped to enjoy with her once this bloody mess with locating the Princess was done and over with.
Killian and Maggie stood at the foot of the pile of blankets and gave the young Prince the space that he desperately needed.
Finally, Eric found his voice, his voice little more than a broken rasp.
"When will she wake up?" he asked dryly.
Maggie awkwardly cleared her throat. "That's difficult to say, Your Highness," she stammered. "Her body is undergoing a great ordeal," she said slowly, her voice accentuated and thick. "Her throat has to heal. That may take time and it will be painful for her. And…" She paused.
"And?" Eric growled, turning slightly in the priestess's direction, yet not willing to take his gaze off of Ariel even for a moment, afraid that if he did, then she would disappear from his sight yet again.
He feared the reason Maggie had not finished and almost dreaded hearing the witch's answer. Maggie cleared her throat again and continued, toying with the ends of one of her dreadlocks before her hands moved down to clasp around a silver locket that she wore around her neck, easily one of the most prized possession she owned.
"Your Grace, there is always a chance of infection…" Maggie cringed as the thought left her mouth. She sounded so cold and indifferent. "I've done what I can for her. My skills can only take the girl's recovery so far. The rest is going to be up to her and you. She's to drink the tea I make here once a day. I will show you how it's to be brewed, you can ask your kitchens to make her some, it's a simple recipe. Honey, lemon, and ginger root." She looked to Killian. The pirate rolled his eyes, keeping his arms folded across his chest as he leaned against the doorpost, one leg folded across the other.
"Your girl is strong, Prince," he barked in a voice that was rough and grating. "She's got a reason to fight if she's anything like my Athena was. But if this Ariel is my…my wife's daughter, then…she's not going to give up," he said.
Eric's eyes widened in shock and disbelief. He was certain he had heard this man wrong.
"What?" he exclaimed in a sour tone, almost choking on his tongue as he struggled to process this pirate's words.
The furrow of confusion between Eric's brows deepened as he noticed the way that this pirate was looking at his hearth keep an instant distrust and jealousy caused his chest to tighten and constrict with an unpleasant warmth throughout his body. He opened his mouth to speak, but before he could, Maggie stepped forward and laid a reassuring hand on the Prince's shoulder.
"A story for another time when she wakes." The note of finality bordering in her tone was so cold that it was almost biting. Eric shivered but after exchanging a dark look with Ariel's-would-be-kidnapper, the two men assented and nodded their agreement. Eric shot a withering look in the pirate's direction as Killian Jones turned on his heels and stalked out of the simple room and outside, the door slamming loudly in its hinges.
To do what, only the gods knew, and Eric could not manage to pretend to care. Not when his world lay motionless in a crumpled pile of blankets on the floor beside him.
For the next several hours, Eric kept a silent vigil at Ariel's side. The Prince refused food or sleep, his entire being so focused on willing his hearth to keep back to consciousness, praying to the gods to hear her speak his name. Killian checked on Maggie's charge diligently, albeit bitterly. Maggie continued to care for Ariel and monitor her condition. But Eric barely realized the two of them were in the room. His misery was utterly relentless. Being powerless to help her was more than Eric thought he could bear. He blamed himself for not keeping a closer eye on her, and vowed that going forward, nothing would keep them apart. Not Vanessa, if she was found, certainly not her father, regardless of whether or not he gave his approval to their union, and not even the threat of a full-scale invasion between kingdoms.
Eric sat beside Ariel, holding her arms, his arms aching to gather the whole of the young woman to him, and praying that Maggie's tea would see Ariel's voice returned to her, that she'd speak his name. It was close to midnight, broaching the second day of Vanessa's disappearance when he finally heard her beloved voice and her eyelids fluttered open.
"E…Eric?" she whispered, her voice a faint broken rasp, hoarse from days of misuse, small, choked.
Warm water began to brim at the edges of his eyes as he swallowed a lump in his throat. Ariel's voice sounded exactly as he thought it would. Even faint and hoarse, he thought it was the most beautiful thing he had ever heard. Like warm butter spread over bread. Soft. Shy. Timid. Sweet. Everything he'd imagined. He blinked himself out of his stunned stupor and smiled at her as Eric summoned enough strength on his throat to manage to answer her in a weak whisper.
"Ariel, is it…is it…your voice? Back?" he managed to gasp out, hardly able to force the words from his throat.
As she nodded, his heart leaped up into his throat with joy. He raised himself to Ariel's face and, without thinking about it, kissed her cheek. He was almost afraid to touch her as his hands shifted nervously from her fingers to her waist, and finally lingered around her face. He could not control the happy tears that found his eyes and dropped onto her ice-cold skin. "You're awake," he whispered, overcome with happiness, so much that his body was practically shaking. "I've been waiting for you. You've slept for almost an entire day, Ariel." He smiled, his lips almost trembling.
"Where…am I….? How...how did you find me?" Ariel's voice was barely audible from days of not being used. Her throat was so dry it was a chore to force out the words.
Eric was anxious to keep fear and uncertainty from the young redhead's mind.
"You were brought here by a man who calls himself Killian Jones. He…accidentally mistook you for your mother, Ariel. A-Athena?" he stammered, talking to her as calmly as he could manage, which was difficult for him to do as too many questions were swirling around in his tired mind. He caressed her forehead and stroked back her hair. Trying to pretend to ignore the look of shock on Ariel's face as she numbly nodded without saying a word, he continued. He remembered what they had told him about not allowing her to be delved into anxiety while her throat healed, and wondered if learning where she was from, how this disgusting pirate had known Ariel's mother, would have to wait until she was of more sound mind and physically able to handle a conversation for extended periods. He continued. "But you're going to be alright now because I'm going to look after you," Eric told Ariel, speaking to mostly convince himself. "A…a healer looked after you and has given you the best of care so far. Her name is Maggie, Ariel."
Killian awoke to the sound of the Prince's voice.
He had heard him speak to Athena's daughter in her sleep several times over the last few hours alone, much like he used to do to Athena when they had been married and was about to try to return to his slumber when he noticed Ariel's hand move up the boy's arm, and he saw Athena's daughter blink her eyes.
He bolted to his feet urgently, barely believing his own eyes. "Maggie!" he yelled, eager for good news, to get to the bottom of this, why Athena had left, to which Maggie had said she would be able to answer, but only in the presence of this girl, hence she'd sent him. Now that the girl was awake, he would have his answers.
Maggie barreled in through the doorway, nearly tripping over the long hems of her tattered dress, stopping short when she saw Ariel awake and propped up against the mountain of pillows against the hard wall.
A hopeful smile found her tired, lined face.
"Aye, lass, well isn't this a welcome sight, indeed." She grinned, stepping to Ariel's side. Maggie shuffled towards her and knelt into a crouch by Ariel's side with a pained groan at the stiffness in her joints and held out a cup in his hands. "I made you something," she said. "To help with your throat. You're to drink this twice daily, once in the morning and again at night. Your aunt's magic is not to be trifled with," she growled, a wild look of feral anger flitting across the witch's yellowed eyes.
Ariel wrinkled her nose but took the cup and prepared herself for some truly awful-tasting brew that she had no doubt she would vomit back up almost the minute the liquid went down her throat.
Gods, she had not thought this through at all. She wished she had come alone, but then again, if Eric could handle her at her most unattractive, maybe that was more proof that she was right to have desired him. Ariel was halfway through her cup of the concoction when she decided to take no more. The taste of something sweet that Maggie told her was called honey lingered in her mouth, thickening her tongue, and drawing an immediate thirst for water.
"Must it be this sweet?" she complained, sticking out her lower lip in a pout as she looked towards Maggie. The Caribbean priestess eyed her in too gentle a manner it reminded her of Mother. Ariel forced herself to take another sip unwillingly, cringing as the too-sweet liquid sloshed past her throat, pulling a face of disgust and shuddering violently.
"I am sorry for the discomfort, Your Highness," the witch pronounced shyly. "It could perhaps help you to think of the fact that I've given you your voice back, that your aunt shan't have a hold over you anymore and draw strength from that. After all, you've survived harsher things than a weeny little cup of medicine. You'd be wise to drink it."
She did have a point, Ariel sighed. She awkwardly cleared her throat and flushed as she noticed the witch who claimed to have known her mother eyeing her, guardedly.
"I—I will finish it, I—I promise. It's the sweetness." She awkwardly traced the line of her neck with a shaking finger. "The—the sugar, you called it. It thickens the throat. I—I would prefer not to drink it all at once."
It took seconds before the witch was convinced, though Ariel thought she saw a momentary kernel of distrust in her flashing yellow eyes as her gaze hardened as the witch scrutinized Ariel's health. "Yes, dearie. Please do. Drink all of it."
Ariel briefly smiled and it was only when Maggie left to see about fetching them something to eat that Ariel stared at the remaining drink in her cup and decided to down it all at once.
She brought the cup near her lips, quelling her breath at the countdown, and finished the last of her sweetened concoction with one violent shudder that it took all of her effort not to vomit it back up as she swallowed.
Eric waited until they were well and truly alone, though he grimaced at the sound of raised voices coming from the other room of the hut as the pirate immediately began shouting at Maggie, something about Athena and what he was owed after all this time of keeping her company, to which the witch responded that Ariel needed a few hours of rest before delving her into too much anxiety. Eric felt a sudden rush of gratitude for the witch.
Still not sure what to think of all this, and hoping that soon, he'd learn the truth, he shoved aside thoughts of Jones and this so-called wife of the pirate's for now. The most important thing to him was right beside him.
He kneeled once more beside Ariel, basking in the warmth that the young woman gave off. He gently gathered her in his arms and kissed her forehead, silently vowing never to let her go.
Eric gingerly laid Ariel back carefully against the pillow, his face hovering over hers. "The gods have answered my prayers for the first time in my life," Eric smiled at Ariel, certain he was the luckiest man alive.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 15

KILLIAN swallowed down past the lump in his throat as it hallowed and his tongue felt heavy and thick and useless in his mouth, feeling eyes on him as he stood on the edge of the bedside, well aware he was sulking, but he couldn't help it. He did not revert his gaze from the sea's horizons, hoping to spot any sign of his wife, praying she'd come back.
The pirate breathed deep the muggy air and relished the sea breeze in his hair, tousling his hair off his forehead and rolling his neck to crack it, cradling his bandaged and still bleeding stump to his chest.
He let out a hiss as he accidentally brushed it against the sleeve of his tunic prematurely at the sound of footsteps in the sand from behind him. Killian bolted to his feet, every inch of his muscular body pulled taut as he prepared to turn on the heels of his boots, ready to flee, as it occurred to him that he was not in the mood for polite company tonight, though he forced himself to relax as he caught sight of a familiar feminine figure standing behind him.
The girl looked utterly lost and confused, in a heavy daze as she held in her hands a steaming wooden crockery bowl of stew that made his mouth water, reminding him he had not eaten in the gods only knew how long it had been last.
"How kind of you to visit me," Killian heard himself speak in a flat voice devoid of emotion and warmth, calloused with ire. Athena's daughter —but was she his?— said nothing, instead, she pursed her lips and made a quick scan of him.
For a moment, the feared and reviled pirate with just one hand, felt self-conscious, and decided to convince himself that he neither looked nor smelled funny.
When she spoke, her voice was soft. "I—I need….I—I did not mean to…upset you. The witch, you—your friend, Maggie, she sent me, with, ah, some food for you, says you've not eaten at all." Athena's daughter, as lovely as sunrise, stood a few paces from him, and such a lovely sight. In the crisp chilly air, as night fell, he felt her warmth pulsate.
She looked like summer, a ray of sunshine. For just a girl in her late teens, perhaps no older than eighteen, nineteen, give or take, Ariel resembled more a grown woman. Her pale skin was cut from the finest pearls, her chest a pleasant convex, though Killian did not let his gaze linger, her figure eye-catching in her simple attire of an ivory chemise and bright yellow overdress that set off the auburn and red undertones of her long hair.
"Did you eat?" the girl asks in a soft voice, her voice hoarse and sounding raw from not using it.
Killian shrugged, conceding the siren's point.
His eyes followed her, tracing her every move with inquisitive eyes that still, after all this time, held an intense hunger and desire for this one's mother, if he was to take the girl at her word, and how could he not? The young woman was Athena's daughter, as she was Athena herself, in their younger years. When she tilted her head to the side, Killian's gaze leaped to follow the curve of Ariel's elegant neck, tracing the long and wild lines of her beautiful hair as it fell over carelessly one shoulder that she took a lock in her thumb and forefinger to twirl it absently. Ariel shifted awkwardly under the pirate's scrutiny and moved to sit down alongside him, cross-legged and kicking off her shoes, letting out a content sigh as she wriggled her bare tones in the sand before tucking her legs up under her dress, glancing at him.
It took her a moment to find her voice, or perhaps it was still an effort for her to speak, he could not say which it was.
"Why were you...in such a rage, earlier? Was it..." She hesitated, looking suddenly pained. "Was it because of me?"
"Was I?" Killian asked, his tone dripping with sarcasm and his voice was a low, silken thrum that made the girl swallow, hard, and scramble to hide her face behind a curtain of her hair. "Whatever would make you say such a thing?"
"Oh, I'm sure that I wouldn't know," Ariel replied, somewhat stiffly as she pursed her lips. "It couldn't be how you slammed the door, shouted at the woman who lives in that hut, nor, I suppose, would it be the way you've continued to glare at every object around you as if it has somehow personally offended you, I included."
Killian smirked despite his foul mood, and Ariel bit down on her bottom lip, hoping she was not overstepping her boundaries by approaching him alone. He glanced sideways at Athena's daughter out of the corner of his eye, curiously.
"It is not you who offends me, Princess," he murmured darkly, a flicker of anger darting across his pale blue eyes. "Everything else in this world offends me, but never you," he sighed, running a hand through his hair with the one good hand he had left. "Never you."
The furrow of confusion between Ariel's brows deepened, and she looked a bit put off, Killian thought, which, for some reason, amused him. "Everything?" she asked, very softly, raising a thin brow at him in disbelief. "It is a difficult life you lead then if that's the case, pirate, to be so affronted by all of the gods' creations," she mumbled, surprised.
Time seemed to come to a halt at that moment, with just the two of them standing on the edge of the beach. Killian thought his heart skipped a beat as the young woman's words washed over him, rocking him to his very core, filling every single space and crevice that all of the doubt had created. A small smile despite his sour mood tugged at his lips, curving them upward, and he sighed, turning his gaze away from her and to the sea.
"I…apologize for what happened earlier. I did not mean to frighten you in any way, Princess. I…thought you were her," he whispered, hating himself as he heard the faltering crack and dip in his tone. "Your mother. You—you look like her."
Ariel stiffened and drew in a breath of air that pained her lungs. She had a feeling she knew where this pirate was headed, and she could not help but feel a surge of emotions welling within her chest.
If her mother had married this human man, how had it happened, and what had happened to the two of them to tear Mother away from his side? Would she have been this man's daughter instead of Triton's had Athena been allowed to remain married to this mortal man who walked the earth? The fact that there were too many questions and not enough answers swirling around in her jumble of thoughts was almost too much for her to cope with.
"You loved my mother," she whispered, her tone sounding more matter-of-factly, her words posed to the pirate as a statement rather than a question.
"Aye. More than anyone else and more than anything on this world or in the fathoms below the ocean," Killian heard himself answer in a flat but distant voice without any immediate hesitation on his part. His brain swirled with the beginnings of trepidation, suddenly not sure he wanted Athena's child present for whatever it was that Maggie wished to show him as it pertained to Athena's disappearance and abandonment of their marriage.
But as the white light of the moonlight filled Ariel's blue eyes and caught their splendor, causing her irises to sparkle and shine like the stars himself, he felt a surge of determination course in his veins.
As he stared at Ariel in awe, a soft cool breeze blew in from the shore, surrounding them in a moment of warmth and stirring his determination. The images in his mind formed into a scene that he could almost reach out and touch, as he was eager to make amends to Athena's daughter and apologize to her in whatever way that he could.
"Might I suggest if you're hellbent on marrying your Prince inside, you do it soon, love," here, the pirate paused in his words to motion with a curt jerk of his thumb over his shoulder behind them towards the witch's shack. "Then a ceremony amidst the splendor of the beach, under the bright blue sky, beside the sapphire waters, would be the most fitting place. And, if you know of no others, as captain of my vessel, I have authority to officiate over such ceremonies," he offered, though a look flitted across the man's ashen face as he thought of Athena on their wedding night. He shook his head to himself, wishing to send the memory away, not wanting to let himself think of it. "If you wish it so."
Ariel was stunned into silence, her eyes widening as she gaped at the handsome pirate before her, who, only hours earlier, had been on the cusp of killing her with his blade in a fit of growing rancor.
She was honestly not sure what to make of the change within him, but hoped, from the bottom of her heart, that the man was sincere in his words, and he was offering out of memory to her mother.
She considered his idea for no more than a few moments before a wide grin softened her features.
"I—we—would love that," Ariel quietly corrected, a light pink blush speckling along her cheeks as she grew embarrassed, hoping she was not overstepping a boundary by speaking for Eric.
Killian's blue eyes grew distant, for a moment, lost in a memory of himself and Athena, waking following the crashing of his ship to find himself in the arms of the most beautiful siren in all of the gods' creations. When he woke and regained consciousness, she had told him stories of life under the sea, fantastical, beautiful, and dangerous, and he, in turn, told her stories of the land and enticed the siren with a promise to return to him again and soon with a kiss.
She had assented and returned with a fortnight to the same designated spot he'd said he'd be waiting for her, where his ship crashed against the rocks, this time, a human.
She had gone to a witch, he had learned, and would only learn much later that it was Maggie who aided the mermaid in obtaining her legs and begged to become human in payment of old debt for saving the woman's life.
They had entered into a whirlwind courtship immediately after, had married within a year, and had spent two glorious years together before Athena's disappearance. He came home one night and found no trace of his wife, merely the letter left in her place, in a bottle, for him to find and keep it, along with the single strand of her beautiful hair.
His curiosity getting the better of him prompted the pirate to ask a single question, one he was not sure he wanted the answer to, but his desire to know outweighed his discomfort, and he had to get the question out.
"What has anyone in your life told you of me? Do you know who I am? What I am?"
Ariel frowned, looking at Killian with what at first he perceived to be venom in those azure blue eyes of hers, labeling him, and why wouldn't she? By rights, he was a stranger to her, and one who claimed to have been married to her mother. But then, something in her gaze shifted and softened, and he perceived the look in her eyes as sympathy.
He flinched, suddenly uncomfortable. The sympathy that he neither deserved nor wanted, he thought.
"Only a little, from—from Maggie," she admitted in a quiet voice, suddenly bashful and unable to look at him out of the corner of her lowered gaze as her eyes drifted down to her hands, which were resting uneasily in her lap. "That you loved my mother, but…something happened, and she chose my father." She answered plainly, without judgment.
Killian nodded and smiled to himself, though it did not reach his eyes. He turned away so Athena's daughter would not see the unshed moisture glistening in his eyes, swallowing down hard, and tried to think of something to say to supplicate her.
"A wise decision, don't you think?" He laughed painfully after a long and awkward pause between them. Ariel lowered her head, but a shy grin played on her lips as the breeze tousled her long hair away from her face and into thick lovely buoyant curls.
The pair sat in awkward silence for a moment, until Killian summoned enough strength on his throat to speak again.
"Your mother. How is she?" he inquired nervously, almost afraid of the answer.
Her voice was small and meek as she responded.
"Dead," was all she could whisper in a cracked voice, suddenly unable to look Killian in the eyes.
The blood drained from Killian's face. He struggled to draw breath and fought simply to sit upright. He had heard Ariel wrong, surely. What had her daughter meant by her words? Images of his wife came flooding into his mind. Thoughts of the siren who had forsaken her life under the sea and for him played in front of his mind's eye, taunting the man. Visions of his wife were strong, vibrant, filled with life, and it was all that he could do not to break down and weep. If Athena was dead, there would be no reason then left for him to go on, he thought bitterly.
He would follow her to the heavens by his hand if it meant that he could be with her again, to see her smile at him, just one more time, to feel her lips move in sync with his in one more kiss.
His eyes grew wide as he desperately searched Ariel's face, for any hint of a lie.
"H—how?" he stammered weakly. "Did she…did she suffer?" he asked hoarsely, his words coming to him in disjointed pieces as his mind struggled to make sense of her words.
Ariel turned her head away, prompting Killian to stop and straighten his gait as he shakily rose to his feet, with Ariel following suit. There was so much sadness in her, the likes of which he had never seen before in another being, and the pirate wanted to share her his too so that they could hurt together.
"She died of an illness. Complaint of the stomach," she whispered as her throat swamped with tears as Ariel looked away.
Killian swore he heard his heart burst, and during their painful conversation before he could stop himself, he reached out and took Athena's daughter by the neck and gently laid her head on his shoulder before hearing the girl sniffle as frustrated sobs left her.
He patted on her coarse red hair as she sniffled in his shoulder, forgetting her proper place and he his for this one single solitary moment in time.
"Shh, it's alright now. You are safe…you'll be safe…" Gods, this was Athena all over again.
They remained intact a little longer, with his imagination rolling back to their days spent here in Ipswich and Athena in his arms instead. Even now, he was not quite convinced of what he felt for this young woman, if his sudden desire to help her was an ulterior motive because she was Athena's flesh and blood…or if it was rather a form of vengeance for himself for those who underestimated him, his wife included, he thought bitterly to himself.
Desperate to keep his mind from dwelling in dark places, he breathed out a shaking breath and continued.
"And…your father?" he asked hesitantly after a long pause as he finally, albeit reluctantly, pulled away. He looked at Ariel, hearing the siren's hoarse and weak voice which would take a few days to recover, according to Maggie, and would be sore for a few days thereafter, which still held a youthful beauty despite the apparent hardships through her life. Ariel sniffed and wiped at the edge of her pink nose with the sleeve of her dress. Killian crinkled his nose, wishing he had a kerchief in his pocket to offer the girl but of course, he had little to nothing these days to call his own except his ship and crew. All he had left of Athena were his memories, the letter, her lock of hair, and their wedding rings.
"Father is well. My father is Triton, King of the Atlantic Ocean." She let an affectionate smile snake its way across her features despite the pain that was evident in her eyes as she fought against the fresh wave of tears that threatened to escape her. "My sisters say nothing will bring Father down," she laughed affectionately, suddenly stricken with loss.
If only she could see him through all this, just once….
Killian smiled. "Your family?" he asked. "Forgive me. I was made aware of you, obviously, but I knew not of the others." He did not know why he was so fascinated by this unexpected news of Athena, but if all he had left of his beloved wife was her memory, he felt as if he deserved to know what her life had held.
It made him happy to hear of her, of what she had been blessed with. What he wished that he could have had with her, had the gods saw fit to give them both more time. Again, Ariel almost laughed.
"We are seven, between my sisters and I. I'm the youngest of my sisters." She saw Killian's eyes widen at the thought. "Mother presented Father with six daughters before I came along at the end, however, it is on his grandchildren upon whom my father now dotes. Between my sisters, they have given him twenty-six", Ariel answered with a note of pride in her voice as she toyed with a lock of her hair. I am the last of my sisters to hopefully bear him grandchildren one day if I am lucky." Her face grew warm and thoughtful as her mind drifted unbidden to thoughts of Eric. She could not understand why she harbored for a moment, just a twinge of jealousy towards her older sisters. Perhaps it was she was the last to receive what they had—loving husbands, mother to merchildren to dote on and spoil rotten. She had never thought of having a child with anyone before. Not Marsious, and not even Eric. Tonight, however, sitting so close to a man who had been in love with her mother and seemed to desire just that, being so candid with him, she thought…perhaps, with Eric, it might be beautiful. Her cheeks blazed and she could not allow herself to finish her thought.
Killian could not help but regret that Athena's children and grandchildren might have been his as well, if only she had stayed. An abrupt bitterness seeped into the pit of his stomach. Killian frowned as he noticed Athena's daughter gingerly rubbing at her wrist, holding it close to her breast as though it hurt her. He shot the young eighteen-year-old a furtive, guilty look as his eyes only just now rested upon the bandage her wrist was bound in, like a sling.
"Milady, are you alright? Let me see your arm."
Ariel's cheeks flushed. "I—it's nothing, this," Ariel stammered shyly in insistence as she fumbled over her words and tucked her arm closer to her chest, suddenly too ashamed to meet his gaze and actively refusing to.
"Your—your aunt. Athena spoke of Ursula a few times. Did she have anything to do with this?" Killian growled in a much harsher tone than he meant it to, for he saw Athena's daughter flinch away in agonized hurt and surprised, thinking he already knew the answer, but wanted to hear Ariel say it for herself. That it was her. "Why have you not treated it? Your Prince, does he know?" he asked, lowering his voice, sounding much more subdued than he had before as he noticed how tenderly she cradled the wounded appendage to her chest, looking as though just a slight twitch hurt her.
Ariel shyly shook her head, a lock of her red hair tumbling in front of her face as she did so.
"I-it's fine. It will heal on its own. There's nothing for you to fret over, though you are sweet to worry. It's…Killian, right? May I call you that? I don't know what else to call you," she confessed, suddenly looking grossly uncomfortable.
Killian offered a nod, though it did not stop his alarm at seeing Athena's daughter so wounded like this.
"Maggie should have some dittany in her private stores if you like. We can't let that get infected," he protested, motioning towards the young siren's bruised knuckles, already turning purple and speckled with dabbles of dried and crusted blood. His face fell as she shook her head.
"No." Ariel's tone was biting, bordering on clipped, and at this moment, she sounded more like her mother than ever before. She did not see the sharp intake of breath the pirate took that pained his lungs, or how his eyes softened as he looked at her. She shook her head, refusing his offer, insistent on doing things her way, stubborn, just like Athena had been. "I—I need it to scar. I need it to. I…need to remember, to look down and remind myself what the human world is capable of. My aunt did not do this. I need to know that not every human being who walks on land is kind, that not everyone can be trusted. That nowhere is safe. Not even here." She paused and looked back over her shoulder towards the witch's hovel, wherein she knew the Prince waited for her to return with Killian, with Maggie having originally sent her out here to fetch the pirate. Ariel frowned, wondering why Eric hadn't thought to come and look for her just yet.
"I…" Killian began, his voice trailing off as his dark brows furrowed into a heavy scowl as he looked at Athena's daughter, trying to understand just what in the bloody hell she was hiding from.
Ariel was skittish, he noticed, looking around at anything that surrounded her, at anything but him. He felt an inexplicable wave of grief and sadness course through him at the memory of the last time he had laid eyes upon her mother as the memory came to the forefront of his mind then. The longer he studied her figure, he wondered what he was hiding from. It took him a moment to realize that perhaps she was hiding from the man. Her Prince. Much like he was hiding from the truth of learning what happened to Ariel's mother. Maggie had said she'd show him.
Ariel exhaled a shuddering breath and noticed how the pirate was quietly growing uneasy. She knew now that this man had been hopelessly and desperately in love with her mother.
She could tell by the way he fidgeted with the wedding band on his fingers, stroking it almost lovingly that it was almost painful for her to watch. She felt as though she were intruding upon a private moment, one that she had no right to bear witness to, but nor could she bring herself to tear her gaze away, yet.
Ariel knew Mother had been an amazing mermaid and ruler to her and Father's people.
She had been raised among the love she and her father had shared for her and her older sisters. She knew all too well how painful losing her had been the day that she died. Maggie had made a passing comment to her earlier, just before she had been ordered to step outside to fetch him, that this man, Killian Jones, had since remained a steadfast bachelor. She sincerely hoped this pirate would not spend the rest of his life mourning the loss of her mother.
"You….you would not re-marry again? If…if the right woman came into your life?" Ariel stammered, her lips forming the words ahead of her thoughts before she even knew what was happening. Her eyes widened in shock in alarm as she realized only a fraction of a second too late that she had just spoken aloud.
Killian Jones's expression grew wistful. "No." He shook his head as if the thought had never occurred to him as if just the notion was an affront to her mother's memory.
How could he tell Ariel that her mother was the only one for whom his heart still yearned, even after all this time?
From somewhere, he found the words to convey the love that he still held for the siren from the sea, which still burned hot and fierce in his heart.
"Your mother was the brightest star in the sky, more brilliant than the sun and moon themselves." As he spoke, Killian could see Athena as if his wife were standing right in front of them. "There was a time when she loved me, but something happened one night, I suppose, to have made her change her mind. I came home one night, and she was just…gone." Killian swallowed the lump in his throat. "All that was left of her was a letter and a lock of her hair for me to remember her by. And now, that I know your mother moved on, that she gave her heart to the king of the sea, she seemed happy. Even now, I do not begrudge her that joy." Killian eyed the sand by his boots, knowing that Ariel would know of his undying love and affection for her beloved mother. He smiled. "No, Princess. I would rather live a thousand lifetimes, with only Athena's memory, than to share in life with anyone else but her."
Ariel grew silent, considering the man's words. It was clear to her that this pirate was still very much in love with her mother. She was certain that Killian Jones realized her understanding that her mother would not have left him without a word if she did not have just cause for doing so. Maggie had promised them they would learn.
Suddenly, the young siren was abundantly grateful to Killian Jones for the pirate's sacrifice. If not for that, she, her sisters, and all of her nieces and nephews might not even exist at all. She studied Killian with a kind eye and finally found her voice, filled with a newfound respect for the pirate of the seas that had not been there before.
"If I may speak candidly with you," she began, feeling somewhat awkward but forced herself to press on. He needed to hear this. "I am sure, wherever my mother is in the heavens, that she would be extremely proud of the good that you've accomplished. Maggie told me you're an unofficial protector of the village. Of Ipswich."
Killian looked away, embarrassed. He did not want credit for his charitable doings. Even if Athena could never know, he had done this for her. All he wanted was an answer to what happened, no matter how unpleasant it was.
"Thank you, Princess," was his only answer.
She nodded, opening her mouth, looking like she was about to say something, though before Ariel could, the sound of footsteps approaching drew both the pirate and the siren's attention towards the source of the noise.
Her cheeks instantly reddened and flushed with embarrassment as Eric cautiously approached them both on the beach, alongside Maggie who was watching the couple with raised eyebrows and something akin to a smirk playing at her lips, though why that was, Ariel could not pinpoint the witch's reasonings.
"You shouldn't be out here this late, it's getting cold," Eric announced, condescending. "You could get sick, Ariel."
Killian frowned as he noticed the way the younger man's gaze traveled from Ariel's eyes to her cheek and lingered on her lips. He was sure the young Prince was captivated, for who would not be? Athena's daughter's face alone was more than enough to attract an entire army at her side, every last man likely vying for her attention.
"I needed some air." Ariel's voice was small again. The Prince strode his eyes back to Killian.
Killian almost laughed as the Prince more or less stalked his way towards the beautiful redhead, moving to stand almost shoulder-to-shoulder with Athena's daughter and wound one supportive hand around her waist. He almost scoffed and rolled his eyes as the young Prince spoke up.
Killian saw how the Prince raised Ariel's chin with his thumb and forefinger.
"I'll take you back from here then. Maggie needs you both well-rested to do…" He paused, offering the witch who had restored Ariel's voice a quizzical look, but Maggie's expression remained unchanged. He frowned. "Whatever it is that she's going to do. She's promised that it won't hurt, but I don't want you catching a cold." He moved his hand from her chin to her cheek. "I have a wonderful thought, Ariel. Would you want to hear of it?"
Ariel silently nodded, looking back at him.
"Perhaps tomorrow, if there's time, once we've located the Princess, I—I could take you to the marketplace, show you the city of Ipswich, don't you think? We could return to the castle and dine together? With my council and bannermen. I think that it's high time I announce our engagement if Grimsby hasn't done it already." He chuckled, though the sound was almost dire as he strode his eyes towards where Killian stood, blue against blue, half-smiling. "Other men are beginning to think you're free to be claimed."
Ariel furrowed her brows as she turned towards Killian with a quest to defend the pirate, alarmed by the unmistakable and sudden twinge of jealousy she heard in the Prince's normally kind and mild-mannered tone. "Killian was only—"
But the Prince's lips were pressed against hers before everyone around them could protest.
Killian subdued a breath and looked away, instead choosing to look at the witch who had once been Athena's friend and something akin to her savior, surprised to see the witch was smirking, as if she knew something of those two that he did not, that he could not discover himself. It vexed at him, but the pirate was not allowed to ponder as the young Prince parted from Ariel's face, brushing a thumb against the rosy color that now speckled its way along her face.
"You were saying…?" he asked her, teasingly.
"N-nothing." Ariel flushed and looked down at the ground, clearing her throat to fill the silence.
She wiped at her lips with the back of her hand, looking dazed, as though she could not quite believe that the Prince had kissed her, or how the intimate moment spurned, looking, Killian thought to himself, disappointed.
"Tomorrow, then." Eric waited for a nod from Ariel. When she did, he gently pulled her close and kissed her on the forehead, all the while aiming a dark look towards Killian Jones. She tensed for a moment at the unexpected nearness between the two of them but eventually allowed herself to relax into the Prince's tender touch and let herself lean her head against his shoulder, already feeling her fatigue beginning to set in.
Killian awkwardly cleared his throat and trailed behind Maggie as they both picked up on the hint that the couple needed a moment alone, but not before eying them with a wistful look of longing, unable to help but be reminded of his time with Athena and seeing themselves in the two of them.
He would give anything to be returned to that state once more, but the look the Prince shot him than over the shoulder was unmistakable and teeming with anticipation and perhaps jealousy.
It was an acrid look, a warning as clear as daylight. To stay away from his woman, or else. Killian rolled his eyes to himself, keeping his one good hand on the hilt of his sword in his sheath, sincerely hoping he would not have to duel the boy over this because the boy would lose. He might have failed his wife, but he would not fail Athena's daughter.
He offered a silent vow to the Princess, whatever she wanted of him, he was now her sworn sword and her protector. Athena would likely want that for her little girl, he was sure. He only hoped that whatever truths about Athena's disappearance Maggie wished to impart on him wouldn't hurt Athena's daughter or him.
He could not explain it if his life depended on it, but Killian could not shake away the cold feeling of dread that burgeoned in the pit of his stomach as he shuffled after Maggie, letting the Prince and his woman have a moment alone on the beach, that for some reason, Ursula was behind this, the witch. He was not blessed with the gifts of a Seer, but his intuition had rarely led him astray, however, Athena was one mystery, one question, he was not sure he would like the answer to when he learned of her truth, but he needed to find out. Almost fifteen years now of mourning his wife was more than enough. He needed to know what had become of her the night she had left him.
The vexed pirate heaved a frustrated sigh and followed Maggie back towards her tumbledown shack, hoping that his intuition was wrong, but if only he could have known how right he was…

ARIEL shyly glanced at Eric out of the corner of her eye, noticing how upset and troubled the man looked, not to mention frustrated with the Princess's disappearance, that they had two days to find her before his lands were under threat of invasion, and now he perceived this pirate to be a threat to his ambitions when it came to her. She bit down on the wall of her cheek, wildly racking her brain, hoping to come up with something to say that might put her mind at ease. Though she was thrilled that he had just kissed her, she wished for it to have been more intimate, less… Well, possessive. Suddenly desperate to shatter the awkward silence that lingered between them as they stood on the beach watching the shore, Ariel asked the one question that was burning on the tip of her tongue, just begging to be asked.
"You say that you want to marry me, but…" She hesitated, biting down on her lip. "Does that mean that you love me?" she whispered.
"Yes," Eric immediately responded, pulling a face of disgust that to Ariel looked like the handsome Prince was offended that she had even to ask. She was rewarded further when the man closed off the gap of space that existed between them and took both of her hands in his and gave them a light but reassuring squeeze. "I would not be so insistent that we marry if I didn't love you, Ariel. More than anything. With all my heart, though I might not be much for you at all."
Ariel nodded, smiling up at Eric, though she felt her smile not reach her eyes as her eyes desperately searched the Prince's for the truth. When she could detect no hint or sign that the man was lying to her, she blew out a breath and continued, hoping that he would take what she was about to say well enough and that he would understand. She let one of her hands come up to caress his cheek and was more than grateful when Eric made no move to pull away.
If anything, the Prince seemed to relax and melt into her touch, which Ariel cherished.
"I hope that…what you learn of me, you won't think badly of me," she whispered hoarsely. "I did not mean to...it was not my intent to deceive you, but...I thought, you wouldn't look at me anymore, much less talk to me, if you knew my truth."
"What I'm about to tell you, I kept this part of my life a secret from you, because….I could not risk an open war between our two people, but I don't…I don't want to deny how I feel anymore, and if you truly love me, if you wish to marry me, then it is not right that I keep my life a secret from you anymore. There's...something I have to tell you, Eric," she whispered, her gaze finding the Prince's adoring eyes and holding them for a long while. She was uncertain how to speak the next thought that troubled her. Eric frowned as he noticed the sadness sweep over Ariel's face once more.
"What is it?" he prodded gently. "Please tell me." He almost feared whatever it was that she might say. Ariel leaned in closer, resting her forehead against his. Before she could think about losing her resolve, she inhaled a sharp breath and held it as she felt Eric's hand drift lightly towards the middle of her spine and settle there, his other hand coming to rest on her waist and gripping almost painfully tight onto the fabric of her dress for support.
Taking a deep breath, Ariel began her confession slowly. She left nothing out, speaking of her life under the sea, of the Prince Marsious from a rival mer-clan in the Pacific Ocean, how her father and mother, Triton and Athena, had promised Marsious her hand when she was sixteen, to be wedded once she turned eighteen under the laws of the sea and their gods. Her grandfather Poseidon was to reside over the ceremony himself. Fearing the wedding and the thought of being trapped into a marriage she did not love, she had been fleeing the Atlantic Ocean when she had stumbled across his ship. Intrigued, she had been unable to resist breaching the surface to get a good look at the ship.
That had been the night of his birthday, Eric realized with a pained jolt as she confessed, remembering the woman who had saved his life from drowning, how she had serenaded him with the most beautiful song he'd ever heard in his life.
Having fallen in love with him from the moment she saved his life, Ariel knew she could not marry Marsious and had fled to her aunt, another mermaid, and a sea witch by the name of Ursula, who specialized in all manner of Dark magic, and had used her abilities to turn her into a human, so that she could traverse these lands in the hopes of finding Eric.
By the time she finished, her already hoarse voice, causation of her sore throat as Maggie's magic worked to heal her throat, was practically screaming for relief. He watched her for a moment, still baffled.
Then in an instant, realization struck him.
"Oh." He smiled and then began to laugh. Ariel's pained expression turned into her confusion as he chuckled, affectionately reaching up to tuck a lock of her red hair behind her ear. He noticed Ariel's shocked expression quickly turn into a look of confusion and th Prince let out a sigh, lifting her chin so he could look into Ariel's eyes.
Eric pulled Ariel even closer to him, so she was almost flush against his chest.
"I always thought what I would give if just one mermaid said hello," he mumbled, shaking his head in disbelief and amusement. "I never thought that I would have fallen in love with one," he marveled to himself, looking earnestly into her gaze. "I would have searched the four oceans for you had you not washed up on shore that day if I had not found you. I'd have waited a thousand lifetimes for you, to hear your voice, to see you smile at me, just like you're doing now."
He raised her hand to his lips and kissed her bruised knuckles with as much tenderness as he could muster, being careful to be mindful of her injuries. Eric could think of no better way than to spend the remainder of the evening here, even if it were just standing here on the beach and listening to her tell him stories of the sirens under the sea.
Oh, the young Prince had other thoughts as well, wanting nothing more than to take the young siren of the sea who now held his heart into his arms and kiss her, if she would allow him. But then the Prince remembered his talk with Carlotta and even the witch inside her shack when Maggie had sent Ariel out here to fetch Killian, about being patient with her and not delving her into too much anxiety while her throat healed, and even then, her emotional state, as they still had the Princess to locate, and there was no telling what Ariel's reaction would be once they found Vanessa.
He forced himself reluctantly so to let go of his deepest desires and shoved them to the back of his mind.
For now, he would have to be simply satisfied with enjoying this siren's company and spending time with Ariel and properly courting her before they married. He hoped he would get that chance. As Eric cupped her chin in his hand and looked into the fathomless depths of blue that were the turned mermaid's eyes, what he saw there almost made him want to weep. Such affection brimming in her eyes, moisture that he was sure would be tears.
Ariel cautiously eyed the Prince, savoring Eric's every movement.
She could not remember the last time that she had ever felt so nervous, yet secure. However, just standing there at the edge, on the brink of their two worlds combined, and coming to the realization that she was in love with this man, she could not recall a time when she had ever felt the most comfortable around someone else before.
Spurred by the closeness the two of them shared, and eager to show Eric what she felt for him, Ariel decided that she could no longer stand the distance between them. Whether or not what she was about to do would help assuage his worries and concern that he was who she wanted, Ariel couldn't say for certain, but she had to try, and more importantly, she knew she wanted to. Grabbing onto Eric's biceps with her trembling hands, Ariel nervously braced herself against the Prince's broad chest, feeling the muscle beneath the man's loose white linen shirt.
"I think that I…I think that I love you, Eric," Ariel began softly, her words at first uncertain and hesitant, and timid.
Completely unsure, and disbelieving of her actions, Ariel's captured Eric's head in her hands and pressed her hungry lips against his mouth, and kissed the man she knew herself to be in love with, who she hoped to marry once Vanessa was found and appropriately dealt with by her people, not giving Eric any time to react at all.
It was magic, almost true magic, the way their lips moved in sync with one another, electrifying. The tingling sensation sent a jolt of lightning through Ariel's brain, rendering her almost numb. Eric, for his part, stood there, shellshocked, digging the heels of his boots firmly into the stand to keep himself from toppling over in surprise. He was unable to move, the world around him spinning in a truly dizzying way as he tasted the sweet succulence of Ariel's kiss.
He was shocked, however, it was with the tentative stupor of being granted the one thing he wanted the most. For the siren from the sea in his dreams to be real, and to have chosen him. He wanted her. Just her. Once upon a time, shortly before her death, Mother had asked him what he wanted, and all he would have thought of was Father's acceptance, to know that he would do right by his people when he came of age to rule.
I want to ride with Kasper, a castle all to myself.
He recalled the answers rolling around in his mind. But all of those thoughts were whisked away like seashells on the tide that came in. He now knew that the ultimate answer was standing right in front of him, kissing him.
And her, he thought now to himself as his hands moved on instinct to drift and settle at the back of her hair.
Just her.
He was terrified if he moved even a fraction of an inch, or broke the kiss, Ariel would somehow magically disappear. That she would transform into sea foam as legends told merpeople did when they died, and she'd be gone.
Eric could not afford to take any risks.
Even if he was exactly who she wanted, he had to know for sure. Eric could barely bring his lips to meet hers. He had never fallen in love before until she had saved his life, never been affected by a woman like this until Ariel had washed up onshore and into his life when he thought he did not need the presence of a woman in his life then.
But never had Eric been so sure of his feelings, and yet so uncertain. The gentle feeling of her body pressed against his was almost too much for him to handle. He was horrified that he would move too fast and make a wrong move with her. And even more afraid that Ariel would misinterpret. She did when she realized that Eric was not reacting to her nearness or her kiss.
Shaken and shocked, Ariel broke apart first, her face flushed, lungs gasping for air, both of them were panting, as her eyes searched his for the truth. Her hurt expression registered her confusion as she lowered her hands from his face and brought them up to cover her mouth, horrified. Ariel turned on her bare heels, ashamed and embarrassed at the sudden display of affection she had bestowed upon the Prince when she had not exactly asked him first. She could only gawk at Eric as she stood there, numb, rooted to her spot, and then began to take a fumbling step backward, gathering fistfuls of her dress in her hands to avoid tripping over herself as her legs had gone to jelly beneath her.
"I—I'm so sorry," she stammered. "F-forgive me," she begged desperately, utterly mortified. Her voice held a slight stutter now, likely from nervousness. "I—I didn't mean to u-upset you…"
As she took a cautious step away from the Prince intending to disappear back into the witch's shack several feet away and flee the scene of her embarrassment, she made to brush past the Prince, only for him to catch Ariel gently by the wrist and spin her around to face him fully, his expression grim.
"Ariel, wait!" he pleaded. "You—you didn't do anything wrong," he begged, desperate to keep her here for a moment longer, hoping to explain himself. "The only thing that I want is to be close to you, to hold you, to—to kiss you again," he murmured, lowering his voice an octave as it grew heavy and husky with desire for the young mermaid now in his arms. "To marry you, to keep you, to make you mine. The last thing I want is to hurt you. I—I want to do right by you, and don't want to force you into this if you aren't comfortable with me, in that way. But…are you? Are you sure? Is this…is me, is a life as a human, away from your sisters and father, what you want?" he asked, worried, reaching up a hand to gently caress her face. "Please be sure," he begged her, painfully. "I want you to be certain. Because once we go further, once our courtship is through and we marry, there is no going back. You are mine forever, Ariel, just as I am yours."
For a moment, Ariel was speechless. She could not speak, could not think. All she could do was nod, unable to tear her gaze away from Eric's piercing and pleading blue eyes. She was awestruck by the lengths that the Prince seemed to care for her, and it was at that moment that she realized he had not reciprocated her kiss in the way that she had hoped for, and she decided she loved him even more for it. Eric had wanted her to be completely assured of her feelings and comfortable with the thought of having him in her life as her husband one day in the future.
Ariel took a moment to mirror Eric's emotions and brought her hands to his face, not giving a care if Killian or the witch happened to look out the window of her tumbledown shack and saw.
"I've never been surer of anything in my life," she promised him, smiling softly as tears began to come to her eyes, pricking and stinging her vision. When Prince Eric did not speak at first, she took that as her sign to continue to reassure him of her feelings. Ariel did not fight against the smile that found her lips as she leaned against the man's broad chest and fluttered her eyelids closed, listening to the sound of Eric's heartbeat. Her decision, while it had torn her away from her sisters and her father, did not seem like a mistake to her.
Though before Ariel could ponder this further, Eric took her face in his hands and lowered his head to hers, pressing his lips to hers. His arms wound around her middle in a tight embrace, his fingers almost a vice grip on her dress.
"I suppose…we should…go and see whatever Maggie wants with you to show this pirate whatever he was promised. Are you comfortable with…whatever she wants to do, Ariel?" Eric murmured, skimming his lips along her skin, planting a trail of delicate kisses along her collarbones, up the column of her throat, before pressing his lips against hers in a gentle kiss.
Ariel reluctantly pulled apart from his tender embrace after they held their kiss for a few minutes, gasping for air.
"Yes, I am, b-but you're making it very difficult for us to head back, Eric," she gasped, though she was smiling dreamily.
Ariel rested her hands firmly over Eric's waist, holding the Prince firmly in place, preventing the man from taking a step towards the witch's shack to get this business with this bloody pirate over with, wishing to head back to the castle with Ariel, find Vanessa, have the Princess out of their lives, so that he was finally free to marry Ariel.
An exasperated sigh burst from his mouth that sounded more to Ariel like a grunt of frustration that almost made the siren smile at the Prince.
"Fine," Eric growled, acquiescing to please the woman he had fallen in love with so quickly.
Moving closer to better look the Princess in the eye, he kissed her mouth long and slow one more time.
"But later, when we've gone back to the castle, and we're alone, then you'll owe me, Ariel." She couldn't be sure, but as Eric turned his profile to the side and regarded her affectionately, she thought she saw him wink playfully.
"Owe you what?" she asked, confused, though her smile widened as Eric merely laughed in response and held out his hand for Ariel to take. She did so, slipping her fingers through his without any second thoughts, surprised at how right the feeling of holding the man's hand felt. Eric led them silently back towards the witch's shack, though he paused just before they went in, turning her in his embrace to kiss her yet again. He pulled apart for air when his lungs beseeched him to fill in and chuckled as he studied the young mermaid's face. How flushed and pink her cheeks had turned, though Eric couldn't manage to pretend to give a damn anymore if the pirate and the witch had seen.
"Do you feel ready, Ariel?" he asked softly and solemnly, stroking back a lock of her red hair that had fallen in front of her face as he spoke of Maggie's incantation that would put her under some sort of a trance, the pirate too, and would allow Killian Jones to see what became of Ariel's mother all those years ago when she had fled.
Ariel nodded, having to crane her neck up slightly to better look her future husband in his eyes, given how much taller he was than her.
"As long as I'm with you. You'll stay with me?" Her voice was faint, her words meant for Eric and the Prince alone, no one else. His response was a soft smile, one which she knew she would cherish, and he did not hesitate to lean forward and press his lips to her forehead, pulling back and giving her uninjured hand a light squeeze.
He nodded. "I'm not going to let anything else happen to you. Nothing's going to tear you from my side. I hope that you know you can trust me," he told her, teasing her slightly as a smile tugged the edges of his lips upward into a soft smile. Eric thought he could very well die like this, right here, on this witch's porch with the floorboards threatening to give way from rot, with the amount of happiness that ran through him.
He knew Ariel had given him her heart. He could ask for no greater gift than the mermaid's love.
It took the Prince a moment to find his voice.
"I'm right here where I'm standing, Ariel. I'm not anywhere else. Always," he promised her.
 the Prince opened the door only enough to allow Ariel to slip inside, closing the door behind him only when the young woman was fully inside. Eric was smart enough not to look back, or else he would have seen the Princess of Chales hiding behind the house that was opposite Maggie's, a strange look of contentment on the disguised sea witch's face, as if her plan was falling into place, with Prince Marsious right alongside her.
But Eric was too preoccupied with the kisses that Ariel had given him and too busy mulling over their future together, knowing that he had to keep them both moving forward, no matter what that entailed.
Because he loved her.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 16
KILLIAN exhaled a shaking breath through flared nostrils, agitation and vexation flooding through his veins, and frowned as he watched Maggie pull up another chair that she could sandwich herself in the middle where Ariel and Killian sat in their respective chairs in the middle of her tumbledown shack. He winced at the loud noise as the chairs' legs scraped against the hardwood floor, clutching onto a lighted candle and a bowl of potpourri in the other to purify the room. Meanwhile, the Prince was near fretting himself into a complaint of the heart as he fussed over the lady Ariel. Killian bit down on his tongue to stifle the snort of laughter at the pleading look Athena's daughter shot him.She recognized the young Prince was behaving somewhat possessively towards her, to the brink of suffering, but he could not and would not help her on this one. If she was to marry him, then the two would have to learn to communicate better.If his behavior bothered her, it was now her problem to deal with.He offered her a coy half-smile and shrugged his shoulders. She sighed audibly loud that was almost a groan of frustration but said nothing.The Prince's voice pulled the pirate out of his wandering thoughts."Are you sure about this? Whatever you want to do won't hurt Ariel, will it?" Eric demanded, raising his eyebrows at Maggie's catlike yellow eyes as she narrowed her hardened gaze at the Prince but quietly shook her head no, it wouldn't."Do I look unsure, Your Highness?" she challenged, with only a slight teasing lilt to her heavily accentuated Caribbean accent that gave Killian pause. Maggie turned towards him next and wriggled her brows, not giving him time to place where he might have encountered Maggie in another time, he had only stayed with her this long as she had told him his future, albeit vaguely, that he had a part yet to play in Athena's life, somehow, somehow, despite her being gone. "But are you sure, Jones?" she asked the pirate, her tone solemn and her expression as grim as a graveyard. "Both of you, you shan't like what you see. It's…not going to be pretty."A muscle in Killian's angular jaw twitched as a shadow of rage darted across the pirate's flushed face, making the man look truly monstrous for a moment, that it even made Eric flinch away in unease, but as soon as it had come, he nodded, never once taking his eyes off Ariel, who returned his nod with one of her own, silently agreeing with him that they both deserved to know the truth, after all this time."We're sure," he answered, his voice laced with determination, the resolve not to waver clear in his eyes as they darkened.Maggie nodded before turning her head towards the beautiful redhead, studying Ariel's nervous demeanor, and shooting Athena's youngest daughter a wry sort of smile, hoping to ease her nerves."It won't hurt," she barked as if she could sense Ariel's thoughts. "Just hold my hand, the bond will form, the pirate will see what you see, as long as your mind is cleared, and you stay calm and focused.Ariel looked hesitant but quickly followed suit and slipped her hand into Maggie's, with Killian holding her right, his other hand resting comfortingly on Ariel's thigh, while Eric clung to Ariel's other hand like the young woman was his lifeline, hoping to give the woman he loved and wanted to marry whatever comfort that he could manage to offer.Ariel closed her eyes and breathed slowly, trying to remain calm in the hopes of summoning whatever force or magic was in the atmosphere that Maggie was calling forth, using spells of her own to link her mind to Killian's, that they could learn.Doubts began to cloud her focus as an ominous ringing, like the tolling of death bells, began to fill her ears, and suddenly, everything turned dense as her posture stiffened in her chair. She could hear her breaths running deep and slow…and shaky, like passing through a storm and somehow miraculously managing to emerge in one piece. Ariel felt incredibly small and light like the air around.And now, Ariel, for the first time, was seeing herself, outside of herself, just sitting there like a frozen corpse.Her eyes were white, so were his—ATHENA felt confident there had never been a door so intimidating as the door to Ursula's chambers whenever the sea witch saw fit to come on land and mingle among the humans, to study their ways and learn their world. Killian was out doing the gods only knew what, likely having stopped off at the local tavern in the simple fishing village which they had taken up refuge since they married. It was hard to believe almost two years had passed since Maggie had turned her human, and even more surprising that none from the fathoms below had made any attempts to find her, thinking her missing. True, the door was much the same as any of the other doors humans used, Athena noted. It was the same sturdy wood and iron hinges as its twins within the hall, but unlike those, this door seemed taller, more intimidating, with locks and bars to keep out intruders. The door felt darker, thrown into shadow. Ursula certainly kept no lighted torches in their sconces by the door, as if fearing the light would expose some weakness in the door that he believed that the darkness could manage to obscure.Standing in front of it as she was right now, Athena felt very small and very angry. Who was Ursula, to intimidate and frighten away her would-be-guests before they had ever dared to meet face-to-face? Athena bit down on her lip, swallowed her pride, and took a few steps forward, suddenly unsure of herself. She could turn back right now, and no one would question why she now found herself by the sea witch's door. There would be no need for this truly godawful embarrassing favor, no need for her to face Triton's sister alone like this. But then what was she going to tell Killian? Unfortunately, for her, there was no time to run, much less change her mind.The door opened before she'd made up her mind to turn on the heels of her boots and flee."Athena," came Ursula's voice from the shadows, shrouded in the darkness of the hut she lived in on land a few times a year, her tone a smooth buttery purr that instantly set Athena on edge, the fine hairs on the back of her neck standing upright. "What a pleasant surprise. What does…the pirate's pretty little wife require of me?"Athena clenched her fists and gritted her teeth. Ursula's very voice was enough to set her on edge.Nothing Triton's sister ever said to her sounded sincere, and right now was no exception to that."There is no need for such pleasantries, Ursula," Athena grumbled, disgruntled as she pushed past the witch in her human form uninvited as she opened the door wider to let her inside. "I do not intend to take up much of your time this eve. I came merely to ask of you a favor."Ursula turned after Athena, brows furrowed in a small frown. "Yes, please do come in, Athena," she muttered, mocking Killian's wife, causing her cheeks to flush high with color, though she did not take in the witch's words.As it happened, the pirate's wife was quite distracted by the witch's hut itself. She wasn't quite sure what she had been expecting of the witch's abode whenever she came on land, sometimes for months at a time, but it certainly wasn't….well, this.Along the wall, everywhere she looked, turning her head this way and that, neatly regimented shelves of books. A clean oak desk with parchments laid out in perfect piles and quills laid out with the same military precision Killian hung his swords.Athena awkwardly approached the desk and nervously fingered one of the quills, feeling Ursula's stare burn a hole through her back and the back of her skull, besides that. Triton's sister was a surprising mermaid, of that she was beginning to understand.Athena already knew her help would not come so easily to her without a price, and she almost dreaded to hear it what it was. She turned back around to face Triton's young sister with a small sigh, twirling the quill in between her slender fingers."To what do I owe the pleasure of your visit, lovely Athena?" Ursula began in a languid voice."You have some knowledge of the lore of the tales of old, as I understand. Gods and goddesses before Poseidon's time, don't you?" Athena began in a hushed whisper, hardly daring to look at Ursula, but feeling her piercing stare boring a hole through her.Out of the corner of her eye as she pretended to interestedly study the quill she was twirling in her fingers, she saw Triton's younger sister dip her head by way of acknowledgment"I am well acquainted with the legends," she agreed with a casual shrug of her shoulders as she turned her back on Athena. "Then again, my old friend, as are you. You've sung all the old songs, heard the stories yourself. We grew up hearing them. What more could you learn from me?"Athena cringed, turning the quill too quickly in between her fingers, sending the object flying to the floor. Cheeks flushing bright red in embarrassment, she dove for it, quickly scooping it up and placing it haphazardly back on the desk.When she looked back to Ursula, she caught the tail end of the witch's flinch and she silently tried to apologize."My friend, if I'm to help you, you need to provide me with specifics," she said, arching both thin dark eyebrows as Ursula smiled thinly at Killian's wife as she kept her arms folded across her chest.Athena's fingers twitched. Irritated, she looked around and grabbed for something to still their flustered, panicked movements—another of Ursula's quills. This time, Ursula followed this black quill's removal with narrowed, cold green eyes, stiffening just a smidgen as she turned it within her hands. Athena noted Ursula seemed particular about their placement, but then again, she had always been this way in the years of knowing her."Ah, I—I was hoping to find something about…well, instances of…our kind and humans ah…mating. If there were children, if they survived," Athena whispered, not wanting to look at her host and yet knowing she would have to, it was inevitable. Cringing, she slammed the quill down onto her desk, at a wide-angle from all the others, and messily crossed it with the first quill that Athena had dropped.Ursula was silent for several long minutes, studying her dear friend's complexion. These days, she was looking positively radiant, her skin harboring a glowing look that she suspected had nothing to do with the sun. Her face paled."You couldn't be, can you?" she demanded, horror the only spirit left in the witch's green eyes as they narrowed, angry. "Are you…pregnant, Athena? Is he aware…? Does he know?" she said.Athena's brows crumpled as she shook her head."I have not yet told him," she whispered, her hand instinctively drifting towards her flat stomach. "I know he's wanted children with me, we've discussed it, but I did not wish to get his hopes up in case it was nothing. I thought, perhaps if Poseidon knew, he'd give our blessing."She had said too much, entirely too much. She looked across the room at Ursula, hardly daring to try to read her friend's expression, but Ursula was only looking at Killian Jones's expecting wife with a sense of great sadness, and something far deeper and stronger, though what that thing or those things were, she had a feeling only Ursula knew it."I—I was going to tell him. Am going to," she quickly corrected herself as a light pink blush spread along her cheeks as she shook her head. "I wanted to wait until…until I was sure it was true." Her voice cracked as it trailed off.Ursula spoke up, saving Athena the trouble of elaborating further her answer."I can't help."Athena felt her face drain of color, her stomach turning hollow at hearing her friend's words, and her knees go weak."Ursula, I beg of you," she blurted out with no small semblance of tact, her lips deciding to speak the words before Athena could even fathom what was happening. "If I…mean anything to you, then, please. Do what you judge to be right. Help me," she begged, biting down on her bottom lip in a slight pout.Ursula lifted her chin and glowered angrily at Killian's wife with narrowed eyes until they resembled that of mere slits. "Must," she repeated slowly, letting the single word roll off her tongue like melted butter. "Such a strong word, my old friend, a forceful word…Athena took several steps towards Ursula, her feet no longer taking direction from her mind."If I have offended you then I apologize—" she started to say but was cut off as Ursula threw back her head and let out a light cackling laugh."Offend me?" The sea witch snorted in amusement and took a step closer to Killian's wife, closing off the gap of space that existed between them. "Surely, you jest. No, Athena, you rather delight me, you going to all this trouble to stay married to your precious pirate, that you would risk the wrath of the gods. They will kill you if they learn of this," she added, her expression grim as a graveyard, and she was no longer smiling now, either. "I cannot help. I will not take your side on this, Athena. I will not watch my closest and my only friend die for that."He bore deep into her very eyes, and for a moment, Athena forgot that she was a good two heads taller than she was, that she was the weaker one. For a moment, Ursula loomed over her, swallowing her, and overpowering her, engulfing her wholly."You have no idea what it is that you're asking for, my friend, truly. And in your condition, given you're with child, a child who is of both our worlds. There is no telling how Poseidon will react. I cannot stand by your side. Not this time, Athena, not for this."Athena clenched her jaw and didn't even flinch. "I want this baby. So does Killian, or—or will once he finds out. You truly won't help me, my friend? All our years of friendship mean so little to you now?"For a moment, there was a thick, undeniable tension and stillness between Killian Jones's wife and her friend. Neither of them seemed able to breathe, much less move at all. But then, Ursula heaved a haggard sigh and the stillness between the pair was broken.She turned from her and walked towards a shelf, removing a tome that looked to be falling to pieces. She pivoted back around on her heels to face Athena and handed it to her reverently, keeping her gaze fixated on the ancient old volume."This book in my hands is very old and rare, but you should find it useful to your…purposes, my friend, the passages that speak of a siren and humans forming a bond is where I've marked the pages and the child that was born of their love. You are not the first mermaid to fall in love with a human, nor will you be the last. Show Poseidon these and perhaps he might give your blessing, though I'd not count on it," she muttered, sounding as though he doubted Athena would be successful. "I expect you to return it when you're finished. It's very likely the last of its kind, and I won't take kindly if it's returned to me in less than its current condition, have I made myself clear?"Athena nodded, hardly able to force out her thanks. Ducking her head, she turned to flee the man's solar, thinking that by now, Killian would hopefully be home, and he would have been looking for her. Triumph flooded her veins at this first minor victory. She was almost to the door when her friend's voice halted her in her tracks."My friend. Wait for a moment, please."Athena slowly turned back around to face Triton's young sister, her euphoria dissipating."Ursula?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper, and warbling a bit. She almost didn't want to look. But she did, and Athena wished that she hadn't. Her dear friend almost smiled at her coldly, a dark glint in her eyes that Athena was not entirely sure what to make of, but she knew it was responsible for the violent tremor that clawed its way up and down her spine at that moment."I expect, that you will give me something in exchange for this kindness?" Ursula asked, folding her arms across her chest, and leaning against the wall as she studied Killian's wife guardedly with furrowed eyebrows.Athena swallowed and felt herself nod. "Yes. Whatever you ask," she murmured, a fiery heat creeping to her cheeks as she made to turn away from him.Ursula's disarmingly charming white smile widened. "A hefty promise. I like it. See you keep it."Athena did not bother to nod or curtsy, instead, she turned and fled Ursula's home on land as fast as her feet would carry, her prize clutched tightly in her hands in search of Poseidon, eager to share in her news and could hope the god of the sea would take it well enough.THE book Ursula had loaned her, did not have the desired effect Athena hoped for, nor did her news. It only seemed to produce in the god of the sea rage, the likes of which Athena had never seen before and was frightened by."She put you up to this, didn't she?" Poseidon had shouted in a deep rumbling voice that cracked through the air like thunder. "That filthy witch will do anything to see this family ruined, which she has certainly succeeded in doing, hasn't she?" he roared, beside himself."Ursula did not suggest it, Your Highness," Athena snapped, angrily snatching Ursula's book back from the king before the god could harm it, the deity having come on land at her request to see her. "I went to Ursula to ask for this book.""Went to her?" Poseidon repeated in an incredulous voice of disbelief, as though he could not believe what he was hearing. "Athena, that witch is dangerous, far more dangerous than an innocent youngling like you could guess. To ask for your help, and to shame your race by cavorting about with a human and mating with it," he hissed but did not complete his thought."What else could I have done, when the laws of the gods remain the same and you will not listen? Is it not enough that we love one another, that this child—our child—is born of our love? Is it not enough? And what of this book?""It means nothing when the one who gave you this book is an outsider," the god spat through clenched teeth, causing Athena in her boiling rage to nearly throw the book at him at her words, but Ursula held her back.She had stood silently by her friend's side throughout the whole exchange thus far, not saying a single word. Until now."Ath," Ursula pleaded, a desperate warbling note in her voice that Athena had never heard in the witch before. "This is not a safe situation for you to be in, my friend. Come away," she encouraged. "Come back. Come home with me. Just—just let me give you the moon tea, and the problem will be over and dealt with within a few hours. Everything's going to be fine. You'll see. This—this isn't worth dying over.""A choice like that is no choice at all. You are leaving no choice for me," Athena whispered, her voice breaking. Ursula could only cup her friend's face in her hands as she leaned forward and kissed her forehead with a surprisingly tender touch."I'm sorry," she murmured in an apologetic tone and turned back to face their god, dipping her head in reverence, and left, turning on her heels to go.Poseidon was not so kind to Athena in his parting words."See to it your… 'problem,' disappears," he snarled, the edges of his lips curled back and up into a feral snarl. "Or I will."LATER, following that disastrous confrontation with their gods, Athena could not stomach herself to return to her home, the simple hut that she and Killian had built together at the edge of the city, that overlooked the harbor. She curled up in the furthermost corner of Ursula's chambers huddled on top of a pile of blankets, the curtains around the sole window drawn tight, shrouding the room and her in darkness. Pains tore through her stomach, cramping her entire lower half as the blood rushed out of her, her body contracting and clenching, forcefully expelling what would have become of her beloved child, her child, Killian's child.Athena cried and begged for release from the pain, but she knew this would not happen. This was Poseidon's punishment, the pain she must endure for allowing herself to have carelessly fallen in love with a human male, forbidden by law. My sin. She must be dying, surely she was, the pain was far too much to handle, fever shrouded her crumpled brow and Athena could feel herself burning up.Amid her hell, she began to hallucinate, a horrible, harrowing blinding white light burning itself into her retinas and the image of a beautiful child, a girl, floating across her vision. The child had blue eyes that came from her and her father, and red hair that was like her own, her hands reaching up to her, asking to be held and comforted, though this sweet and innocent image began to distort.The child began to turn, like a shapeshifter, into a hideous wretch, screeching and clawing at itself and her in utter malice for killing it, and then melted into a stain on the hardwood floor, a large, slimy slug the color of blood.As a mother, Athena knew there would have been more to her than what was seen, and all the love and compassion Athena was able to give the babe would have an outlet. But this babe, Killian's babe, was the one who would never be, unless they wished to bring Poseidon's wrath down upon both of them, in which the fickle god would slaughter them all, and that, she could not allow it.This child would never be, the one who, in its early stages of life, trickled out of Athena's body and onto the thick woolen blanket underneath, which protected Ursula's floor from the filth. Ursula had been right, damn her. There was no future here, not like this.Perhaps it was better that she disappear from Killian's life completely.
  I'm so sorry, darling… I'm so sorry. I love you. Both of you.
Later that night, when she had recovered, she wrote her letter for her husband and slipped a single lock of her hair before allowing Ursula to seal it up in an empty and discarded bottle with the promise that Killian would be able to find it. She could only hope that one day, he could move on from her horrible betrayal and learn to love another again, just as he had given her more love than she had known a human being was capable of. Athena numbly savored the last sight of her husband helping a villager carry his haul of fish to the market, watching Killian not look back, sensing his wife was watching, and she turned away, unable to keep looking at the man she loved because she knew she could not bear to. But now, and for all time, she was forced to, if she wished for Poseidon to keep him alive.She let her family go. Let go of all of it, the notions of loving and being loved in return. Goodbye, my love. I'm sorry. Goodbye. Athena started to walk. Out past the streets and towards the beach. It burned in her chest, and she fought with every inch of her being not to turn back on her heels and run to Killian, to confess everything. But she knew if she did, it would invoke a rage in the pirate that would surely only lead to his self-destruction and perhaps even his death. She thought she heard Father's voice, calling to her from the depths of the fathoms below, with Ursula waiting for her as she waded in the water, ready to transform her friend back into a mermaid.It seemed no more impossible than anything else. Athena closed her eyes as she took one step, then another. It grew easier and easier. She no longer felt her feet, the beating of her heart within her chest, or anything at all. The sounds fell away, the sounds of the seagulls, the waves as the tides ebbed and flowed, and all-time, everything that ever was or would still be.And then, at last, greater than the sun of the now-broken morning as her friend's magic turned her back into a mermaid, greater than the night's end, greater than life itself, Athena, future Queen of the Atlantic Ocean as Poseidon had informed her she was to be wed to his son Triton upon her return to the sea below, she saw her last glimpse of her husband, his silhouette framed warmly against the sunrise, the wind tousling his hair off his forehead, saw the man smiling, and she smiled back, despite the tears flowing down her face, knowing his memory would have to be more than enough.As she swam underneath the surface of the water, Athena was smart enough not to let herself look back. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 17

ARIEL inhaled deeply, her cracked lips opened and her fingers clawing around the air so her lungs could swell again as the connection between the three was broken as Maggie's spell that had put her into a trance-like state ended. She bolted upright against her chair as she moved her eyes at the unfamiliar scene around her. Her ears strained for sound as she thought she heard Eric's normally quiet and mild-mannered voice shouting something. She fell silent and listened.
"Jones, please don't do something stupid! Just...just think about this a second!"
Eric was urging Killian to remain calm, panic and desperation laced throughout his shy and quiet voice, though to Ariel, whose ears were still ringing, the older man's voice sounded faint, muffled, as if underwater. Ariel blinked her lids, once, twice, thrice, until the giddiness danced away, and she could make sense of the scene going on around her now.
She swallowed hard, unable to believe what she was seeing, thinking this was a trick.
Killian had bolted from his chair so fast and staggered backward that he accidentally overturned it. His breaths were coming to him short, his chest constricted and tight, rendering him dizzy and unable to breathe.
For a moment, Killian thought he might faint. His blood was roaring in his eardrums.
"Why—why did you show me this, Maggie, then if not for me to do something about it?!" Killian roared, anger sweeping over him at the gods' betrayal, at Ursula, once Athena's closest confidante, for standing back and doing nothing, what the sea had taken from him, and he almost launched himself across the room at the young Prince. "I—I'll kill that witch! I'll KILL them, the whole lot of them who had anything to do with this. God damn the whole family all to the seven hells for what they TOOK from me!"
Black putrid curses, the language of the foulest kind began to spew from the priest's mouth like that of poison, though he relished it, not minding the shocked expressions Ariel exchanged with Maggie, Eric's guard, Ser Dan, and Eric, at hearing such a kind man say such horrible things neither of them dared repeat. Killian screamed at the top of his lungs, loud enough that the whole fishing village heard it, surely, looking livid with rage.
Killian picked up the chair he had overturned, kicked it aside, and then changed his mind and decided that was no longer good enough, picking up the chair and throwing it against the wall. Killian was making a horrible noise that belonged to neither man nor animal, a noise of pain and betrayal and utter agony.
Ariel could only watch, horror-stricken and her hands clamped over her mouth, as the pirate sank to his knees, pounding the cold stone floor of his quarters.
He wished he could tear it up, to rip his heart from his chest with his own bare hands, anything to make the pain of Ursula and Poseidon's betrayal and knowing his wife had suffered so badly under the god's thumb for ten years just stop, make it stop, he would do anything for it to just go away.
Then, the Prince was beside him, trying to put an arm over Killian's shoulders, but Killian ripped away from the younger man. He flung himself against the wall, screaming, endless tears pouring down his cheeks.
The others stood back and let him have his moment. Prudently, none of the others attempted to come anywhere near the distraught husband until the man's tempest had run its course, burning out short and strong.
Ser Dan stood silent and exchanged a knowing but hurt look with the Prince, all the while keeping one hand on the hilt of his sword in case he needed it, and then glanced towards Ariel to gauge her reaction.
One glance at Ariel was more than enough. She looked like she was a breath away from fainting. Her face was ashen, the expression on her face horror-stricken at realizing the life that her mother could have had and was now left wondering if her mother had ever loved her father at all, or if she had merely honored the old laws of the sea and had entered into a marriage with Triton to appease Poseidon's wrath and keep her one true love safe from the god's anger.
"Look, ah, Jones, I know this is a lot to take in right now, but you need to remain calm," Eric commanded in the tone of the future king he would one day become, his tone becoming clipped to match Killian's aggression. "Letting your temper get the better of you isn't going to solve anything. I—I know I'm one to talk, I—I've inherited my father's temper, I'm afraid, and I'm...sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable," he admitted sheepishly as a light pink blush speckled its way along his cheeks as he ran a hand through his black hair and continued. "We won't let you hurt anyone here, not even her. You're right in that the witch will pay for what she's done, but not like this. Not now. Your vexed state is upsetting Ariel, Jones."
At his words, Killian seemed to deflate as he blearily looked up through tear-filled eyes, seeming to only have eyes for that of his wife's daughter. Ariel swallowed down hard as she lifted her gaze to his, unable to tear her gaze away from the man's fathomless, smoldering icy pits that were his burning eyes. Killian Jones's rage and jealousy and hurt at what Ursula had done, at what Poseidon had done, were his foundations and his fury, all of the man's emotions were like living, sentient beings that were pressing down on her from either side, rendering her feeling ill.
"There's only one way this can end," he announced. "I'll kill that—that wench, for what she took from me," he growled, his voice was rising again, steadily growing louder in the quiet sequestered area of his quarters in the hallway. "I'll have her head on a pike and stick it on the mast of my ship," he snarled.
Killian flinched as he heard the others let out exclaimed expressions of shock and awe, but he pointedly ignored them all, having only eyes for his wife's daughter. Ariel, for her part, felt her heart drop to the bottom of her stomach. Her arms went numb, and she struggled to keep her grip on the man's biceps. All the color drained from her face as Ariel forced herself to swallow all the bile that was seeping up into her throat.
"Y—you can't! She—she's my aunt!" she cried. She swallowed hard and looked towards Maggie for help.
Maggie's expression, however, was as grim as a graveyard and told Ariel she'd find no help here. Ariel almost huffed in indignation. She slowly turned back to look at Killian, thinking that once again, she was on her own. Killian twisted Ariel's entire body to face him again as his wife moved to turn away, desperate to make Ariel understand his reasons.
"She does not deserve to live," Killian spat with no small amount of disgust and contempt in his voice.
Now, it was Ariel's turn to stare off into the distance, for she could not meet his gaze.
"You will not return. You won't come back if you do this. I don't know where my aunt is, but if she finds you, if she learns you're hunting her, you will die. Do you think my mother would want that for you?" She announced her decree as if she were certain, her tone flat and emotionless. Ariel shrugged her fingers from around the pirate's iron-clad grasp. But he was not in the mood to hear it.
He vehemently shook his head.
"Nothing's going to stop me," Killian passionately swore. "It will be but a few days to find out where the witch is hiding. I will take the woman's head and be on my way back before you can blink." He tried to give Ariel a hopeful smile, though it pained him. Killian could feel his cheeks' reluctance to be molded so falsely, and he was sure it showed within his eyes, too. "Nothing and no one is going to challenge me. I'll cut down anyone who stands in my way," he told her. "Besides…" Here, Killian paused, briefly looking towards Maggie, who nodded, already sensing what the woman was thinking. Offering the woman a slight nod of thanks, he turned towards Eric. "I won't be going through this alone. Your Prince will be with me. As protector of this realm, he owes it to his people to ensure their safety," he announced boldly. "You will be safe enough back at the castle, and we'll be back to you before you can blink."
The Prince angrily blinked in surprise, certain he had misheard the pirate's words just now, giving his head a curt shake to clear it as he furrowed his brows and shot Killian a truly withering look.
"I'm doing what now?" Eric huffed in agitation, hardly daring to believe his words, folding his arms across his chest, giving him his best, 'Leave Me Out Of This,' gaze, but it was doing the Prince no good.
Killian dared to raise both brows at the ruler of these lands. "You're coming with me, Your Highness. The woman you love is under threat too, if we let her live, to say nothing of your entire bloody kingdom. The witch was the one who took her voice, I can only assume it's for nefarious purposes. Never trust a witch from the sea," Killian stated in a tone bordering on finality, that suggested it was going to do Eric no good to argue on this.
Eric begrudgingly assented after allowing himself a moment or two to shoot Killian a rueful look, but he finally nodded his head, signaling he would accompany Killian to the ends of the earth, if need be, to find Athena's former and take the witch's head. Ariel felt her stomach drop and her knees go weak as she looked at Eric, at any hint of a lie in his face.
"You—you can't! She'll kill you, she'll—she'll set up some sort of trap for you! You—you don't know her as I do, let me come with you, let me—let me talk to her, Eric, she's my aunt!" she cried, near hysterics.
Eric hung his head regretfully for a long moment and then raised his eyes to Ariel's pained, stricken, pale face. As he studied his love's horrified expression, he was the one who had begun to sob.
Crying was the last thing he planned to do in front of her, but he couldn't help it.
"I can't let that witch get away with this. Your mother was everything to me, Ariel, I don't expect you to understand that," Killian coldly proclaimed. "The breath in my lungs, she has been the very blood in my veins that's kept my heart beating these last agonizing ten years without Athena by my side," he spoke, his heart feeling just as pained as hers was. "I promise, as captain of my ship, I'll do everything in my power to return your Prince to you, but your aunt's head is mine. Do you truly mean to stop me, Ariel?"
Eric frowned, looked as though he had something he wanted to say, but thought better of it, and clamped his mouth shut. The Prince could only begrudgingly nod his agreement as he moved to stand by the door, waiting for Killian's command.
Ariel sighed heavily, and just the defeat in her face alone was enough to tear Prince Eric's soul asunder. There was nothing more she could say or do to convince him not to go.
She stared straight ahead of her, as if not seeing the Prince.
Ariel swallowed down hard as she felt the world spinning beneath her feet as she ducked from underneath his outstretched arm and turned on her heels to quit the scene of Maggie's shack altogether. Heartbroken, she slipped past the group and stormed out of Maggie's home, slamming the door behind her so hard the rusted old thing rattled in its hinges, leaving Killian and Eric where they stood in shock.
Eric did not know how long he remained in the sequestered space of the witch's for, much longer than he planned, but his feet felt like lead. He couldn't even move.
Perhaps at this point, the Prince had no right to hope that Ariel would see his leaving her behind to help Killian deal with Ursula as anything but betrayal. He knew that Ursula's death was the only possible outcoming of his returning to the castle, with her father's blessing, he sincerely hoped.
Eric was growing increasingly vexed and agitated, eager to have that wretch out of their lives forever, now that he knew what sort of a person Ursula was, the morals, or rather, lack thereof, that she chose to live her days by. He knew he should have guessed his leaving would bring specters to haunt Ariel's mind and cause her to question his steadfast and unwavering commitment to their life together.
This time, he would prove to Ariel that she was the most important thing in his world, starting by killing her aunt and doing the one thing that her father should have done years ago but hadn't.
Hours had passed since they had sat in Maggie's shack and learned the hard truth since Eric had watched Ariel's heartbreak. She had long since made the trek back to the castle and disappeared into her chambers without speaking a single word to anyone and had dissolved into tears. The sun went down, the dinner hour came and went, and still, there was no sign of the woman he loved emerging from her hidden anguish. Eric's torment threatened to eat him alive.
He could no longer endure being separated from Ariel at all. He rushed to her chamber, ignoring Carlotta shouting at him to leave her be, only to find the door locked and unmoving. Eric knocked softly. He knew she would hear him. He waited, anxiously hoping to see her loving face again.
The Prince stood in the hallway, hopefully. There was no answer. Again, he knocked, this time more urgent than the last. Still, Ariel did not come to see who was on the other side.
Eric leaned his head against the doorframe and sighed sorrowfully. "Ariel, this is the only way, I...I'm sorry," he called desperately. "Please let me in. Just…speak to me, say something. Anything," he begged.
He could not see Ariel leaning against the other side of the door, fat tears streaming down her face, her crying muffled by the hand that she pressed over her mouth.
Eric spent the night on the floor, huddled against the door of Ariel's chambers, aching to take his hearth keep in his arms and hold her and never let the girl go.

ARIEL'S throat was swamped with tears that she fought so hard to not allow them to surface but could not manage it, and it was after a horrible night tossing and turning in her sleep.
After fleeing the witch's shack and learning what had become of her mother, she wanted nothing more than to deal with her emotions in private. She had broken a few things in the process—a water jug, a goblet, a couple of plates, nothing important and that could not be replaced, but no matter how many things she'd thrown in a heartbroken rage, she had not been able to work out her frustrations.
Eventually, she dared to step out of the confines of her room and wanted nothing more than to go in search of Killian and Eric, to try to persuade them out of this. What they were doing was suicide.
As she wandered through the halls, preparing to head to the Courtyard to see if perhaps the men were there, readying to leave, she knew it was her stubborn pride inherited from Father that was preventing her from giving in to the loving concern she felt for Eric. She doubted that either the Prince or the pirate had given any heed to how difficult it might be for them to dispose of her aunt.
Her aunt possessed the gift of magic, and to the best of her knowledge, Killian did not.
She supposed, however, she could not blame Jones for wanting to take this course of action, considering how Ursula had stood back and done nothing to prevent Athena's suffering, or even helped her friend find a way out of her marriage to Triton. Her heart sank to the pit of her stomach as bile rose in the back of her throat, causing her to cling to the cobblestones on the side as she breathed deeply through her nose, willing her sudden onset of nausea away.
Had Mother truly even loved, Father then? Had their several years of marriage been a lie? And what of the babe Mother had lost? She frowned as she realized that Killian was right. She knew that the men would go and that nothing she could say would change their minds. She realized that he was right, that Ursula had to be dealt with, that over the years, for reasons she did not understand, Ursula had grown more manic and dangerous. They needed to have even the thought of her removed from their lives if they were to move on, particularly Jones and all that he had lost.
She feared she had been too hard on Eric for the choice he was making, albeit reluctantly so, in accompanying the pirate on the mission ahead. She fought herself not to run to Eric. She wanted nothing more than to bid the man the proper farewell he deserved from her, to wrap her arms around him and feel safe in the mortal man's embrace, perhaps for one last time. But it was Ariel's pride that kept the siren from giving into the loving concern she felt for the mortal man.
She doubted that Eric had given any heed whatsoever to how difficult it was going to be for them to kill her aunt, especially considering her skills in Dark magic.
Ariel knew that Eric assumed that he and Killian both would feel nothing but relief at taking Ursula's life, for what she had done to both Athena and by extent, to her too, but she was not quite so sure.
Ariel feared the power that Ursula would hold over Killian would render the pirate unable to kill her when the time came, and this foolish plan of his could easily get both men killed if they weren't careful.
Her dread that the men would fall prey under Ursula's spell and break her heart when she received news of their deaths was very nearly paralyzing and kept her from speaking to him since Eric had refused to back down from accompanying the pirate on this impossible mission. Ariel was sure that Eric loved her with all of his heart, but she could not forget this horrible betrayal, not when he would leave her alone to wonder whether or not he survived such an encounter.
But there was an even deeper part of her that could not bear to stay away, not when this might be the last moment they'd see each other. She breathed deeply, swallowed her tears, and headed down the hallway towards the entrance that led out into the Courtyard.

ERIC was not sure how much more of this he could take. "She won't speak to me, Jones, I've tried everything I could think of to get her to open up to me," he lamented remorsefully to the pirate who stood next to him, his expression solemn and grim as a grave, his mouth pinched down into a frown.
"Could you blame her, Your Highness?" Killian eyed the Prince ruefully. "But such is man's plight in life. We do what needs to be done for those we care about. Were there any other way, I know you would find it, but make no mistake, the witch's head is mine, and I cannot do this alone, Prince," he seethed.
Killian's facial expression remained unchanged.
Eric frowned as he noticed the man had a horrible habit of cradling the arm that was missing his hand close to his chest, his fingers occasionally twitching as they brushed over the stump. For a moment, Eric wondered what happened and then shoved the notion out of his mind as the pirate spoke.
"If you truly love that girl, you'll do what needs to be done. For her, and your people. You need to prove to Athena's girl, with your actions, that your newfound commitment to her and the life that she would willingly sacrifice by being with you, is unswerving," Killian glowered at the Prince, making sure he got it.
Eric regarded Killian, his blue eyes smoldering and deadly serious. "I swear I will," he choked out. "I'm going to return to her, and when I do, I won't leave her again," he passionately vowed.
He opened his mouth to speak, but their serious conversation was interrupted by Kasper and Max, both of whom ran up to him, with Kasper's face a study in solemn eagerness and Max whining for attention as the dog nudged Eric's hand for a pet. Eric affectionately obliged and looked up at the towering blond son of Carlotta and Grimsby, already knowing what he would say.
"Eric," Kasper addressed his monarch. "I wish you would reconsider and let me come with you," Kasper offered, hopefully. Kasper had already pledged his services to the Prince but had found himself disappointed when his request was immediately denied earlier this morning.
Eric looked proudly at his best friend, but just like earlier this morning at breakfast, shook his head and clamped his friend on his shoulder.
"No, Kas. I can't ask you to be part of what Killian and I have to do," Eric replied, though he was grateful for his best friend's selflessness. "I need to do this on my own." He could not willingly put Kasper's life in danger. Not when he was set to marry Molly soon. If something went pear-shaped on their voyage, if the witch managed to get one over on them and they were caught, Kasper would most assuredly be executed, and if that happened, Eric knew he could never forgive himself for it. He continued. "I need you here to help your parents and Molly watch over Ariel and Max." Prince Eric smiled softly as the dog licked his hand at the mention of his name and knew he was placing their safety into the right hands.
Kasper frowned but knew better than to argue. Once Eric's mind was made up, there was no changing it.
"Safe journey then, sire," Kasper wished, his expression serious.
Eric lowered his chin in an honored reply.
Kasper nodded respectfully and moved away to allow Eric and Killian a moment to finish double-checking their supplies before they headed to the harbor to board the pirate's vessel. It was then that Eric saw Ariel emerging from the tall thick doors that led out into the Courtyard from the Great Hall's banquet room. Eric could only stare at the vision of loveliness and hope she'd allow him a kiss.
Ariel's fuming expression, as she approached, however, told the flustered and agitated young Prince that perhaps that was too much to ask. She glowered at him as Kasper backed away, Max at his side and Molly joining him.
Eric stood hopeful and terrified as the king of the sea's daughter stood tall and proud before him.
"I…I've come to say goodbye," she said coldly, barely able to stomach looking at Eric.
The utter finality in her tone was chilling, though Eric tried his best to smile nervously at her. He straightened his gait to look into Ariel's eyes. He could see the fear and pain that was plaguing her heart and mind. It broke his heart, to see the woman he loved this way.
Eric wanted Ariel to be assured that his absence from her side would only be temporary, that it would not end how she thought it was going to, but he did not know how.
Instead, he simply leaned in towards the sharp angle of her jaw, just below her left ear. He had not even realized that it had quickly become one of his favorite places to kiss her. He longed to press his lips against her creamy soft skin.
But Ariel could barely look Eric in the eye. As he moved in to kiss her, she felt her anger take hold of her heart and mind once more. Perhaps it was because he had not even attempted to listen to her reasoning yesterday when Killian had proposed his foolish plan without even consulting the Prince about it first, and she did not want to gift him with such affection when she did not approve of his going. It could have been that she could not bear to think that this would be the last time she would feel his lips move against hers in a kiss. Whatever her reasons, Ariel hastily drew back away from the Prince, not allowing Eric to kiss her, much less touch her in any way.
Standing as tall and proud as King Triton's daughter could manage, Ariel motioned for Max to follow her as she walked with purposeful strides back into the Prince's castle, with the Prince's dog trailing closely behind.
She would be damned to the fathoms below if she would stand here in this courtyard and watch Eric be sent to his death at the hands of her aunt. She could not let herself watch that.
Eric's heart sank to the pit of his stomach as Ariel flat-out refused his farewell kiss. He stood, wishing for nothing more than the ground beneath his boots to open up and swallow him whole, watching the woman he loved the most in this world turn her back on him and walk away. Taking his love and heart with her as she did, in addition to his dog. He squeezed his eyes tight with regret as he realized how badly he had hurt her and vowed to make it up to her when all this was over. He knew he deserved every bit of her mistrust and her anger. He knew that.
Eric swore to himself that he would stop at nothing to restore Ariel's faith and certainty in him, and he knew his best chance of doing that was to help the pirate take Ariel's aunt out of the equation.
"Take care of them," Eric begged Kasper and Molly as he watched Ariel and Max disappear back into the darkened depths of his castle. "Protect them," he implored his friends softly.
Kasper and Molly both looked up at the Prince, seriously worried frowns on their faces. This was the first time they had heard their friend allude to any fear he might not survive the voyage.
They both understood that would mean death, for it was these days the only thing that would keep him from Ariel's side.
"I will. I swear it. With my own life," Kasper vowed, as Eric turned and headed down the cobblestone pathway of the village that would lead him and Killian Jones towards the harbor.
Eric turned before his resolve and courage could falter him, fixed his eyes on the path ahead, and quickened his pace to catch up to Jones's lengthy strides. He clenched his jaw and fought against the lump forming in his throat.
The memory of the kiss Ariel did not give him plagued his mind and haunted him. He prayed a silent vow to the gods that he would walk through the castle gates in a mere matter of days, returning to his family.
As Killian and Eric boarded the pirate's ship and got underway, it began to rain.

LATER that night, Ariel fell into a fitful sleep, her dreams accompanied by the ominous sound of the thunder crashing outside and the raging war on the land. The tempest had begun sometime in midday, a few hours after Killian and Eric had set sail, and had continued relentlessly throughout the day, into the night. Ariel was sure she had never seen such a slow-moving monster of a storm before and wondered if somehow, this was perhaps Grandfather's doing.
She'd tossed and turned when it came time for her to retire for the night. The cloud of worry that shrouded her face soon transformed into quiet sobs. She prayed both men were unharmed as they sailed deep out into open waters, in search of Ursula. Her heart hurt to think of how coldly she had acted towards him when Eric told her he was going with Killian, and how she had treated him. Eric was risking his own life to kill her aunt to ensure that she was safe, that they could secure a future with her aunt out of the way and unable to harm and entrap anyone else with her magic, and she had barely spoken to him, much less looked at him. Her arms ached to hold him as she shivered.
"The way I should have done last night," Ariel whispered to herself in a pitiful, half-choked little sob.
Racked with guilt, Ariel cursed herself to the depths below the oceans when she died, that she could not have even brought herself to give Eric the kiss that he had so desperately wanted, to send the man lovingly off on his course to better their new lives. Why hadn't she at least said goodbye? She tortured herself with regret and buried her face into her pillow and screamed, the sounds muffled by the pillow's fabric.
Ariel's last thought, before she finally cried herself to sleep late in the night, was how she hoped that Killian and Eric were safe from the storm.

CALLOUSED palms pushed against the door, and Prince Marsious entered a different world. There lay his Princess, still as beautiful as the earth's sunrise, even as a wretched human, perched silently on the pillows piled high on the side of her bed, her face pinked at the cheeks, her eyes closed. She stirred softly in a lovely lavender nightdress, her red hair a perfect wave of a sunset against the dull dreary grey blankets of her bed.
She looked so begrudgingly perfect, it made Marsious want to give everything to be in the human Prince's state, that the lady Ursula would take care of soon enough. He had not wanted to believe the witch when she had come to him within hours of the king turning him human so that he could search for Ariel.
He had not wanted to hear her words, how Ariel had fallen in love with a mortal human.
But now that he could see for himself, how much she cared for the man, it almost made him want to retch.
He was glad that Ursula was taking matters into her own hands, had snuck about the disgusting pirate's ship as they had eavesdropped outside the witch's home and had learned of the pirate's plan, and was hidden among the big barrels of ale and rum as a stowaway, waiting for the opportune moment to reveal herself and then dispose of the men.
Marsious suppressed a breath as Ariel's hand slowly clutched at a fistful of her blanket, and before she opened her eyes at the perception of someone staring at her imagined intimacy with the Prince of these lands, Marsious crept out of the room, silent as the night that engulfed the realm, his mind teeming with possibilities. He would reveal himself to her on the morrow, and then, nothing would stop him from bringing Ariel home to her father and taking her as his bride. Nothing was going to cause him to give her up.
And given enough time, once the initial shock and pain had passed once she recovered from the Prince's tragic death, Ariel would come to thank him for it.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 18

ERIC stood silently watching her, his handsome face so sullen that it sent a tremor of cold down Ariel's spine. Behind her, what remained of his castle lay in smoldering ruins. His deep blue eyes pleaded and pierced her very soul, begging Ariel for her help. She itched to reach out, to feel him. She stretched out a trembling hand to touch the man's face. She tried with all of her might, but the distance between them only grew with each of her attempts. Suddenly, the Prince began to fade from the mermaid's view. She screamed Eric's name with every ounce of breath in her lungs. It was like watching the Prince and Killian leave her and being powerless to stop it from happening all over again. As the phantasm image of him vanished, his face was replaced with a vision of her aunt, and then Killian Jones and her father, even her mother.
Her mother was holding onto her father's hand, the strength of her grip a powerful testament to the bond that the couple shared, though it did not escape her attention that her mother held onto the pirate's hand as well. Caught between her two great loves, a love that Ariel could not help but feel somewhat jealous by, that her mother had experienced the love and affection of two good partners.
She herself would be content with just Eric's love. That had been before. Before they had argued over Killian's ridiculous plan. Before the men had gone off in the pirate's ship and had not consulted her at all.
Her eyes grew wide with horror and fear as Ursula silently turned, her human form transforming into something truly hideous, like that of a mermaid but with tentacles pouring out of her every orifice, tentacles with sharp spikes, one of which she plunged into Killian's chest first, and then Eric's, leaving neither man with little time to draw their weapons, much less blink and realize what was happening.
Ariel could hear her screams ringing over the roaring winds of the tempest that had begun as the menfolk's bloodied bodies crumpled to a heap on the deck of the pirate's ship, her aunt content to slither back into the depths of the fathoms below, while the images of her mother and father faded too, right before her very eyes. By the time she could move again and be broken from the temporary spell of paralysis, her fear, and apprehension that had kept her frozen in place, both men were already dead.
Then, in the heavy silence that was almost deafening in the thick salty air that clung to her skin, as the Prince and pirate's bodies faded away, her own body began to disintegrate into sea foam. Ariel bolted upright from her sleep, startling herself out of her own nightmare.
Her lungs, starved for breath, gasped in the cold biting oxygen around her, but it burned them with its purity. Ariel blinked owlishly with disbelief at the clarity that had begun to fill her mind. She knew what it was she needed to do.
Without giving herself a moment to reconsider or to think over her already-decided course of action, Ariel swung her legs over the mattress of the bed and grabbed for a thick blue woolen gown that was draped over the back of a chair. She spotted a gold necklace on one of the small wooden tables near her vanity that might be worth pawning if it meant that Maggie would help her, and snatched it up without any thought. If the witch could return her voice to her, then perhaps there was a chance she could be reverted back to her original form. She could not and would not stand idly by within these dank and dreary walls of the Prince's castle and wait to hear news of his death, that their ship had sunken, and nothing was left of Eric or Killian's body as Ursula would have likely fed their remains to the sharks and the orcas.
As if in a daze, lost in thought and still unfamiliar with the sprawling estate even after all this time, once she was dressed and had pulled on her boots, pulling her hair back into a loose and messy bun, Ariel barreled out of her chambers and down the hallway.
She had been hoping to head for the kitchens, but thanks to the darkness of her surroundings and no torch with which to light her way, she accidentally stumbled into a large and lavish-looking room without keeping track of where she had been walking. It was near the size of the rooms that were Eric's usual abode, but in which he preferred to spend almost none of his time since Ariel had come to know the Prince.
The suite was sumptuous and masculine. The bed was huge and plush, the skins that covered the floor were of the softest animal fur, and the settees were upholstered in the richest velvet. This room appeared to have not been used in ages, judging by all of the dust.
As she took in the luxurious surroundings, momentarily awed, her eyes fell upon a painting that hung over the room's mantle.
It was of three dark-haired individuals, two adults, and one child. A boy. The Prince.
Ariel shivered, feeling as if an icy cold chill had just wound its vice grip around her heart and squeezed, rendering her breathless. For a moment, she swore her heart had stopped beating. The only reason she knew it was still working was the sound of her blood pounding in her ears. Suddenly, the contents of her stomach threatened to hurl themselves onto the floor as bile rose in the back of her throat.
This was the Prince's childhood bedroom, where he had likely stayed before his parents' passing, so had mentioned Carlotta in passing one morning weeks ago. She felt as though Eric's eyes were now staring at her from every corner of the room.
She felt as though she ought not to be within, as though she were intruding upon a private piece of the man's life that she had no right whatsoever to bear witness to. She wanted to run from the room but could not move.
At that moment, she jumped, startled by the sudden voice that came from behind her.
"Ah, my dear lady," she heard Grimsby's ancient and warbling voice call here. "Here you are."
Ariel turned, surprised, and shocked. She felt as if she were trespassing. However, the Prince's Head of House strode into the Prince's childhood bedroom with a kind smile and a cheerful little nod. He did not seem to take offense to the fact that she was out of bed at an unreasonable hour, or why she was in here, which Ariel felt rather grateful for.
"F-Forgive me, sire," Ariel awkwardly stammered. "I-I didn't mean to intrude, I was hoping to head towards the kitchens," she tried to explain as her chest heaved with anxiety.
"Not at all, my dear." Grimsby Hougaard continued to regard Ariel warmly as the old gentleman reached out and took her hand, patting it reassuringly. He was well aware of the discomfort this havfrue must be feeling, now that he and Carlotta were aware of the truth and was eager to draw her attention away from the young master's temporary absence. "This place can be quite a maze if you don't know where to go," he nodded. Then, he looked around, almost embarrassed. "I am terribly sorry you had to be subjected to this ridiculous room. The young master has not set foot in this room since his parents' deaths."
Grimsby let go of her hand and looked down at the young woman earnestly, eager for her input.
"Since we are here, however, I could use your opinion on a delicate matter, my dear." Though Grimsby could see the young lass wanted nothing more than to be gone from this room so filled with the presence of the man she cared for, he had an idea to perhaps help her in that desire and hoped she would not take offense to her suggestion. "I see no reason to keep this garish depressing décor. As acting Head of House until the young master is crowned and wedded, I think this room should become something much more cheerful. Perhaps, a few years down the line, after you and the master are married, the walls along the balcony could be knocked out and the doorways widened." He gestured towards the thick doors that opened to the ocean view. "Perhaps a brighter, more cheerful color palette too. I am thinking blue and green, possibly with suns and moons decorating the walls, and a mural of the sea." Grimsby could not hold back his hopeful smile. "Any children the gods might see fit to bless you with should be proud of both sides of his heritage, the land, and the sea, especially if you are planning on marrying the Prince, child, heirs will naturally be expected of you, as a wife." Grimsby was speaking to Ariel as if it were already a foregone conclusion. "I thought this room could be somewhere the babe could play in the rain and fog when he or she cannot go outside."
He smiled, almost thoughtfully.
Ariel's apprehensive expression changed to one of alarm at first, that Grimsby seemed to be getting ahead of himself when they had not even discussed marriage between herself and the Prince, much less obtained her father's blessing, to one of thoughtful reluctance.
She was flattered at Grimsby's consideration of her future with the Prince, but her heart still doubted that Eric would return home, and she did not wish to accept any obligations from him, or anyone else here on land. She had spent the next fifteen minutes ruminating over the thought in her mind and determining that she would ask Maggie to change her back once they had gotten word Eric was in trouble.
Ariel regarded Grimsby with appreciation. She did not want to disappoint him and wished she could accept the man's generosity, but her doubt was weighing too heavily on her mind not to acknowledge the painful truth. "That is very kind of you, milord. I am thankful for the hospitality you've shown me when the Prince…saved my life." She looked down to the floor, trying to avoid Grimsby's questioning eyes. "But I think it's best if I visit the witch who gave me my voice back and have her send me home. I cannot stand by idly and wait for news of his death," she said, very softly in so faint a voice that for a moment, Carlotta's husband was certain the young mermaid had misspoken just now.
Grimsby's wrinkled face fell in confusion as he vehemently shook his head as if trying to send Ariel's words away from his mind.
"Milady, I don't understand," he began. "But when the young master returns, you are to marry," he stammered, fumbling over his words as he developed a slight stutter, likely from nervousness at thoughts of how the Prince would react to return from his voyage to the sea to find the woman he loved gone.
Again. He gulped at the thought.
"My dear lady. When Eric returns…" He tried to make his master's case in his absence.
Ariel could not stomach to listen to a plea that she had little faith and could not allow Grimsby Hougaard to say it. "The Prince won't be coming back." She shook her head numbly in defeat. The deep roots of the petite little mermaid's pain showed in her sad blue eyes that now sparkled like sapphires with her tears. Grimsby's heart broke for her. She hid her sorrow well enough, but Grimsby knew the dutiful façade she showed everyone, how even now, she was trying furiously to hide her heart. Grimsby opened his mouth to speak and then closed it again.
He knew he could not very well ask the lady Ariel to trust Eric while standing in the middle of the floor in the room he had grown up in.
"Please?" he asked hopefully. "Would you kindly be a love and share in a cup of tea with me in the master's solar?" he asked, reaching down and guiding Ariel's arm before the young lady could protest.
"Of course." She accepted, eager to leave the room that had belonged to the man she loved as a child, not wishing for Eric's ghost to haunt her even more than she was sure it would once they received the unfortunate news. Grimsby and Ariel walked in silence along the wide corridors that led towards the Prince's solar. He summoned the tea he had mentioned from a passing maid along the way.
The young lady jumped into action quickly and practically ran towards the kitchens to fetch the cups, promising she'd be back in a tiff. Once they reached the richly decorated room, Grimsby bid Ariel take a seat near the warm fire that was now blazing in the hearth.
He perched himself in the opposite armchair with a pained grunt as he sat down slowly, hoping to ease the stiffness in his aching joints.
Grimsby was silent for a moment, contemplating the weight of the mermaid's decision that had led her here.
He could not imagine what it was like. He secretly marveled at the girl's courage. "I know it must be painful for you, being here," Grimsby began, empathetic to the young woman's suffering. "especially with Eric gone at the moment, but I assure you, he will return."
He studied her seriously, to which a nod was the only answer from Ariel he received in return as she studied her fingers, folded neatly in her lap, an anguished frown resting over her face. "My dear, please take in my words. The master will not allow anything to stand in the way of returning to your side, and with a…man of notable repute like Jones at his side, he's in good hands." Grimsby gave Ariel a confident smile.
Grimsby could see for himself the conflicting emotions raging war within the young redhead's mind as she stayed still and quiet. He had one more claim in the Prince's defense and decided to use it. "I have never, in my entire life and I have lived many long years, my child, seen the young master so happy, so content, and so completely in love as he is whenever he is around you, my dear."
Grimsby allowed himself to smile warmly as their tea was brought in by a maid and he waited to speak again until the girl had vacated the room and shut the door closed gingerly behind her. Grimsby eyed Ariel questioningly, tasting his steaming cup of tea with careful precision. He watched the young woman's reaction over the rim of his cup. Ariel raised her gaze, confused, and astonished.
Her guilt began to ravage her as she thought of the horrible way she had left things between them when he'd left with Jones. Ariel wished she could have those moments back and realized that perhaps Eric's desire was just the same when he had left, that he loved her.
Grimsby read the sorrowful expression on Ariel's face and wanted to reassure her. "It is…different with you, milady, than he ever had with Princess Vanessa," he told her. "What he had with her was never love. You have given him all that he thought he could never have." He smiled thoughtfully. "Compassion, love, selflessness, strength, honor, the love of a good woman who loves him unconditionally, not for his wealth nor titles. With you, he could have a family. Heirs. The world at his fingertips." Grimsby smiled and toasted Ariel with his teacup.
Ariel gasped as she caught her breath through the sobs that were now sticking in the back of her throat. She recalled the sweet taste of the man's kiss, his sometimes over-protective if not slightly possessive behavior that simply stemmed from a desire to see her unharmed. His love for her poured out through his very skin. She'd seen that. Ariel swore to herself that she would be his salvation if the Prince needed it of her, just as Eric had been hers when she had washed ashore, nearly half-drowned.
She now knew she could not give up on Eric or Killian's abilities so very easily.
The walls around her heart were crumbling, and Grimsby could see it.
He trudged on. " The master loves you." He smiled. "He loves you in so many ways, dear thing. He is his true self around you. The man he was meant to be. Please, do not leave the castle. I can assure you, that you will be safe here. Eric will return to you. To us," he swore.
Ariel was quiet for a good long moment, letting the Prince's Head of House's words wash over her. She felt her heart so filled with love for Eric that she thought it might grow wings and fly right out of her chest. She sighed, perhaps she was finally, truly, accepting Eric's love for her.
"Very well," she smiled and breathed out an almost relieved breath, glad to have been dissuaded from her original plan. "I will wait for him. For now. One week," she agreed.
Grimsby smiled happily across the way at her, as if to tell the Prince's lover that he could not be more pleased with her decision.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 19

ARIEL did not know how long she stood in the courtyard watching the horizons of the sea, hoping to spot any signs of the pirate's ship, waiting for Eric and Killian to return to her, as they had promised her they would do. But the waiting soon began to wear on her. Frustrated, she turned on the heels of her boots and began to storm off to head back inside towards the kitchens—just as she barreled into something hard and lean.
She stumbled backward with a surprised squeak escaping her cracked lips and looked up with a bright pink blush speckling along her lips to apologize when the apology died in her throat. For a moment, she thought her mind was playing a sport of her vision, what she was seeing standing in front of her now, could not possibly be real.
Prince Marsious stood there, a human, just as she was, his shoulders broad and strong, heaving slightly as he breathed heavily, and his head tilted to the side, a blond curl tumbling in front of his face as he sneered at her.
It was a frightening scene, one that had caught her unawares and not sure how to react.
Ariel's heart thudded loudly in her chest. Ariel tried to look over the Prince's shoulder, but Marsious stepped in front of Ariel at once, smoothly, an odd little half-smile playing at his lips. "Princess," he said, with a small incline of his head. "What a…pleasant surprise," he drolled in a voice tinged with amusement, and perhaps annoyance as well. "I must confess, I was hoping to find you here. Your father sent me, Ariel."
Ariel's mouth dropped open. For a moment, she was entirely at a loss as to what to tell the Prince of the Pacific Ocean's merclans, and it was hard to think under the scrutiny of those pale grey eyes that were listless, devoid of any feeling. At last, she came up with her voice. Ariel drew herself as tall and proud as she could muster, lifting her chin and glowering imperiously at the smug Prince.
"Don't come near me," she spat with no small measure of contempt in her tone, her face lined with worry. She stepped back away from Marsious, eager to put as much distance between herself and her betrothed as was possible. She glanced wildly to the left and right, looking for any signs of an escape, but there were none and no passing servants in the vicinity that she could see, which meant she was on her own.
Ariel could only regard Marsious with a confused heavy scowl.
"Why?" she barked, her face not holding the passion for which the Prince had hoped to find on his bride, but bewildered indifference and even anger. "Why did my father send you?" She questioned.
Marsious quickly realized that she saw no reason for him to have come on land to bring her back under the sea, to her family, to her people, where she rightfully belonged.
"I thought…" Marsious stammered, looking almost angrily but longingly at King Triton's youngest daughter. "I had hoped that when I found you, I could bring you back home with me, or anyplace you wanted to go, Princess," he offered, almost begging her. "Somewhere…away from here, from this…place," he spat, crinkling his nose in disgust at the surface. He meant that he wanted to take Ariel someplace more befitting her. He wanted to find a pedestal upon which to place her. Though Marsious knew better than most that Ariel would hate that.
He had not intended his words to sound so condescending.
But he could tell by the way she stiffened that Ariel had done just that and had taken immediate offense to his seemingly judgmental tone. She straightened and regarded him incredulously with a hurt look of utter disbelief.
"This is my home now, Marsious," Ariel angrily corrected him. "This is where I will live with Prince Eric. He is the man I wish to marry, not you, and I'm sure, if I could just…speak with my father, then he would see how much I care for him, surely, he would consent to the match." Though even as she spoke the words, she doubted if that would be the case. She knew that her tone lacked the resolve of the argument she wished to present to the Prince.
Marsious was not making the impression he hoped he would. He had wanted to sweep her off her feet, to take her back to where her father was waiting for her to rejoin them, not make her angry.
"Of course," he conceded, though he was unable to quell the note of bitterness in his tone. "Forgive me, Princess. I meant no offense," he begged. His arms ached to hold her, regardless of the fact that her heart had gone to this human bastard. "It seems…life as one of them suits you, Ariel." Marsious had meant for his statement to be a praise of the little mermaid who held his heart, but again, his compliment was mistaken for a contempt remark.
Ariel's anger flared to life once more. "I can still fight as well as any mermaid down below," she sneered at him, glancing wildly around, and looking for a rather large stick she could use. It would be no spear like she and the rest were accustomed to using, but if she had to, she would defend her choice. "I could do so as a human. Please don't make me." Her blue eyes turned cerulean in hue as they darkened with passion. As he always found himself, Marsious was astonished by the sheer power of the mermaid.
"I have no doubt it would be so," he said.
Marsious stood in the Courtyard of the Prince's shining castle, staring at pretty Ariel as she stared up into his eyes. Hearing her say she wanted to marry this human boy left him with an amazing feeling of conflict. A brand new humiliation to torment him. But at the same time, there was a feeling of satisfaction that he had managed to find her while the Prince was away with that wretched filthy pirate, that he would no longer be of concern to Ariel again.
The hated thief that stole all of pretty Ariel's kisses, and her heart. It was not something the Prince could articulate. His hands began to tremble with rage. He wished he could kill the Prince himself.
Again, and again and again. Why should Ursula have all the fun? He wanted to use his fins to bash his head in against one of the sharp, unforgiving rocks by the cliffside. He wanted to hear the man's bones crack. He wanted to watch the waters turn red with his blood as the sharks would have themselves a little snack. He wanted to watch the light leave his eyes. He moved towards Ariel without a word.
Every muscle in his body was tense. Every cord pulled taut across his lean form. Marsious readied himself, prepared to pounce at the slightest sign Ariel meant to flee. At any hint of a lie.
"Talk to him yourself. He's waiting for you, by the rocks at the edge of the sea," he managed to grunt in a hoarse voice, angrily so.
"H-he would really see me?" Ariel whispered.
Marsious stiffened. She was scared of him. Of her father, what King Triton would think of her choice. Her voice trembled as Marsious continued to slink towards her. His head bent, shoulders hunched. A bead of sweat rolled down the back of his neck. The skin beneath the stubble of his beard itched. Marsious came to step in front of his bride. He did not believe her yet. She was scared, but then other merpeople were easily so scared of him.
His breathing increased as he sucked in large breaths through his nose. She smelled like the sea.
A surge of lightning coursed through his veins, a raw passion. It was a need the Prince could not understand. Animalistic and emotional, out of control. He had no words he could use to describe it. His fingers twitched. His lips parted, his new human body hardened as his arm shot out of its own volition and reached for Ariel's forearm to tug her forward, not about to let her slip through his fingers again. Ariel took a step backward, anger surging in her, violently wrenching her arm out of Marsious's vice grip and rubbing her wrist gingerly.
"Let go of me, Marsious! Don't think you can treat me this way, snake, you're nothing to me but a witless worm, an eel," she hissed through gritted teeth. "You may think yourself so clever, but I see right through you. You shouldn't have come. Go back to the Pacific Ocean, Marsious. I will never marry you. You could defeat an entire pod of killer whales or great white sharks to try to win my heart and I still would never consent to be your queen. Not in this life, or the next!" She had the satisfaction of seeing Marsious startled, but just for a moment.
Before the Prince could recover, she turned on her heel and stalked off towards the beach, hoping her father was where the Prince said he would be, leaving Prince Marsious staring after her.

IT broke Triton to see his youngest daughter this way as she angrily stalked down the beach to where he sat perched on top of a boulder, secluded, away from the meddlesome eyes of the humans, where their conversation would not be interrupted.
Ariel was always a passionate one, and even now, she was as lovely as the earth's sunrise, adoration for her father despite the animosity that currently existed between them that hid the depression just beneath.
"Father," she murmured in a stiff voice as she scrambled on top of the boulder and bent to kiss his brow. He kissed her cheek and she perched herself next to him, shame and embarrassment at her decision to go to her aunt for help turning her cheeks flushed pink with color.
"Ariel. You look…lovely," King Triton muttered, and he was even loathed to admit it, as a human, there was nothing could take away from his youngest daughter's beauty.
She had always been the most beautiful of his daughters, taking after his Athena in every way. She had rings of silver in her blue eyes at the edges that glittered like seashells, hair-like winter fire, and full lips like petal folds and dimples on each cheek that you could not help but smile at. Ariel was fit for a diadem than any other.
His daughter was forged from the hands of the gods, she was a warrior and a beautiful siren enigmatically fused into one perfect being. She looked away, towards the setting sun that spewed a color that was similar to that of burning coals. She hoped that Eric and Killian were near to returning. She sighed, and still, could not look at him.
"You should see the clouds, Father. They're much more lovely than I am," Ariel whispered.
"Oh, they are," he agreed.
"You're not looking at them."
"I know they are," King Triton repeated.
Ariel sighed and glanced down at her lap.
"You called for me. You sent Marsious?"
"I did, my love. You know why." King Triton gave his youngest daughter the glassy stare that dissipated her inch by inch.
But Ariel's lips dripped poison. "I won't, Father. It will not happen. I—I cannot marry Marsious, he—he's an eel!"
"So, you have said, but Ariel…" King Triton covered his feeble hand on hers. She flinched and pulled away. "It must." Her stomach coiled, fierce as the future merqueen that she was, and her eyes burned as she turned her head to look at him.
"You are madder by the day, Father. I cannot go through with this, I cannot and will not do as you and Grandfather say! I—I would rather die, and my body turns to seafoam before I would ever be joined with that—that slimy disgusting wretch!" Her face threatened to crumble in tears. "He is careless and hateful, Father, and no one loves him, and you would truly bid me be his queen? There are others, Father." She bit his lower lip. "What about Erena, his—his lover? They've had children, what about her, Father?"
"Marsious needs a queen, my child, not a muse. Queens will lead their husbands when they go astray. They fight alongside their kings. They remind their kings of their duties when they shirk them. Muses are weak and stupid."
His daughter fell silent and the very sight of him, how worn and haggard he looked, crumpled her face, twisting and contorting it with grief. Taking his hand, she achingly embraced it on her neck, her shoulders trembling in pangs and her eyes glittering with tears.
"Is it because of my disobedience, Father? A—are you punishing me?" she asked quietly.
"No." King Triton's pained voice brought Ariel's attention back to him.
She could see the heartache burgeoning in her eyes.
"You could have sent word that you were safe…here on land." He questioned with hurt dread.
Ariel lowered her gaze, and studied her trembling hands, remembering how terrified she had been that her father would deny her after learning what she had done.
It took her a moment for her to find enough of her voice to answer him.
"I feared that you would reject me," she admitted in a whisper, now realizing how wrong she had been, and unable to meet her father and monarch's hurt eyes.
The King was reminded of his judgmental words over the years at the circumstances of the human race. He had often decided someone's worth by consequences with they were to endure.
Many of his passionate and angry declarations against the humans had been made within Ariel's earshot. How Triton wished now he could take them all back. Of course, his daughter would assume, that the same admonition would now be leveled against her for the decision that her mother had once made. It broke his heart to think that his favorite of his seven daughters had feared he would think Ariel's reputation anything but spotless, to have her alive right here and now in front of him, no matter what she was or wasn't a blessing. He frowned, remembering how Athena had not held her forced marriage against Triton and given enough time had passed as she had mourned the loss of her babe that Father had forced her to be rid of, she had, in her own way, grown to love him. Triton reached out and touched Ariel's cheek, his guilt now clouding his lined and forlorn expression.
"I have made my own child feel that she would be unwelcomed in her own home." Triton shook his head ruefully at his past actions. "Forgive me, daughter," he begged, desperation in his tone. His sole focus was on her that he did not see the Prince of the Pacific Ocean standing at the shoreline, wading into the waters to be near to the father and daughter duo. He ignored Marsious, thinking the Prince could wait for a moment. "You and your well-being are all that I care about, love." He fought himself not to break down.
For a long moment, Atlantica's king sat in silence on top of the boulder on which he perched, staring out over the waves. He spoke in almost a whisper to Ariel.
"This Prince, this boy. You love him," he stated matter of factly as he looked at her.
Ariel's face instantly gentled at the thought of Eric. King Triton was confident he had never seen such adoration in his daughter's blue eyes before. It was as if the young lad who possessed his daughter's heart now stood here before them. She breathed deeply and let the air float slowly from her lungs.
"I do, more than anything, which is why I cannot marry Marsious, Father," she declared softly, wistfully, a sweet smile playing upon her lips.
"He saved my life. Is saving it by going with that pirate friend of his after Ursula, Father. He loves me, Father, and I love him. Why is it so hard for you to accept? Would you really force me to follow in Mother's footsteps?" she asked.
He winced, though nodded plaintively.
"Are you certain of your decision?" he asked, allowing Ariel a moment to consider, though he could tell by the look in her eyes that such a pause was unnecessary. Ariel was sure.
Ariel looked deeply into her father's eyes and answered him with all of the earnest trust of a heart eternally pledged to the one she loved.
"Yes, Father. I've never been more certain of anything else in my entire life," she swore. "Let me stay human. Eric has asked me to marry him. I've said yes. It was our hope that you would give us your blessing, that I could stay."
With her answer, King Triton relaxed.
"I saw him leave. Though the result is causing you pain, I cannot fault his motives and would be remiss if I did not offer my aid in dealing with your aunt," King Triton grunted. "I believe his actions in leaving you here were quite clearly meant to keep you from harm. No man could hold a grudge against another so willing to give up their very life for the safety of his child," King Triton relented at long last, clutching onto Ariel's fingers tightly in a vice. "I needed to know that you have no doubts, Ariel."
Ariel shook her head. "None at all, Father," she answered, regarding her father lovingly.
"Well." Triton inhaled and cast a cursory glance towards Marsious, whose face was turning red and mottled in anger, shame, and embarrassment, but the Prince knew better than to interrupt the monarch of the Atlantic Ocean. "It is quite clear the boy is dedicated to you," he praised. "You say you stole his heart," King Triton chuckled. "It appears to have been freely given, just as your mother gave hers to him. I do not fault her for that and never have, but I was grateful when she grew to love me."
"Any man, human or merman, who can see the true beauty and grandeur that my little girl possesses, I don't think I could deny." And before Marsious could open his mouth to vehemently protest, he turned a wrathful gaze towards the Prince of the Pacific Ocean. "Leave," he commanded. "I think it's safe to say that the unions between our two clans are officially dissolved. But before you go, Your Highness, you will aid me in locating my sister. Something tells me the humans are going to need our help in dealing with her," he barked.
Marsious stiffly nodded, a muscle in his jaw twitching as the two mermaids locked stares for a moment, but then he nodded, and only when he nodded did Triton raise his trident towards the Prince and turned him back into a mermaid. Without so much as another glance towards Ariel, the blond-haired Prince of the Pacific Ocean disappeared into the water below.
Triton breathed a heavy sigh and frowned, turning towards Ariel as his daughter's newfound happiness shone like the beams of sunlight that reflected on the water's surface.
"Thank you, Father." She leaned forward and kissed him softly on the cheek.
The King of Atlantic held his youngest daughter in a loving embrace.
"Just remember," he noted as he released her and slid off the boulder he was perched upon and made to follow the young Prince in tracking the pirate's ship to see what they could do about offering aid. "Your heart, it belonged to me first," he proclaimed, memories now flooding in his thoughts.
Loving tears came to Ariel's eyes, and she quietly nodded her acknowledgment.
"Oh, Father," she whispered, holding tightly to his hand as she had done once when she was a little mermaid, before being forced to let go to allow him to attend to the more pressing matter at hand. "It always will, Father," she promised.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 20

THE Prince cursed under his breath, red-cheeked from the salty sea breezes as the pirate's ship drifted in the middle of the ocean to the gods only knew where, his mouth twisted as he coughed some more, harder, a gloved hand shooting out and grasping for the edge of the deck to steady himself. There was an edge to these coughs that unhinged him. He had been feeling the smallest nudges of pain since he and Killian had boarded his ship and set sail, and it had been almost a full day now and they were no closer to locating this witch than they were at the start. The cold was almost so hostile that it crept through Eric's layers of boiled black leather and his black wool cape that cloaked his body. When the wind picked up speed and blew, it was so crisp that his skin hurt. Gods, but this was almost worse than hell itself. Eric calmed himself, clamping his jaws shut tight as he heard audible footsteps behind him. He did not even need to turn around to know it was Jones.
"Ah," he heard Killian Jones begin in a flat voice that sounded devoid of warmth. "There you are." Killian moved to stand alongside his distinguished guest aboard his ship and Eric's eyes darted to him at once. He took the man in, waiting for some announcement that he knew exactly where to find this witch of the sea who lived in the depths below the ocean, but he made no such announcement of the sort now. "The witch would be mine to work on, Prince."
Eric inwardly groaned and resisted the urge to roll his eyes. This was, what, the tenth time the pirate had taken it upon himself to remind Eric of that little fact, that Ariel's aunt's wretched head was his and his alone for the taking.
"So you've said before, Jones. As I've told you before, I won't fight you on it. Have her head if it will give you peace of mind, though I don't think I need to tell you taking the witch's head won't make the memories stop." Eric heaved with a frustrated sigh as he turned away and pinched the bridge of his nose. A small sound snatched him from his senses the moment he turned away, causing the Prince to spin lightning-fast, pulling the dagger from his belt, but it was entirely too late for that. He heard the ripping of leather, the splitting of flesh, and the rupture of his ribs–all his own.
The dagger from his hand fell and his eyes traveled from Killian Jones' face, now dubbed in apathy and down to his hand that gripped the thick hunting knife that was now buried, just below his left rib.
It wouldn't be long until the pain would scatter once the worst of his shock subsided. Eric frantically coughed between breaths. A warm sticky fluid started to rise to his throat, choking back the only word that he wanted to ask.
Why? Why? He felt Killian's other hand embrace his left shoulder as he thrusted the blade deeper, urging Eric to scream but the fierce gust of wind as a tempest threatened to rain its deluge down upon them drowned out the guttural noises emanating from the back of the Prince's throat. Summoning enough force, he willed a cold fist to smash against his attacker's cheek, finally freeing him from the pirate's iron vice grip. Killian fell with a pained grunt and Eric gasped for the taste of the biting cold air against the gurgling of blood streaming from his throat.
As darkness threatened to engulf him as black spots began to creep in at the edges of the Prince's vision, he shook his head to clear his vision, desperately crawling away. He could hear Jones rising from the deck to give chase.
Though before he could move, he felt a throb of pain then Eric collapsed. Killian had finally caught up after the Prince.
"You had quick eyes to react like that," Killian Jones's hoarse voice taunted. He spat a slave of blood off to the side before wiping his mouth. "At least…you ought to know." He began to chuckle unpleasantly, causing Eric's blood to curdle in his veins as he continued to scramble, trying to get away.
"Why…?" Eric finally managed, almost a whisper between bloody clenched teeth, to which the pirate clicked his tongue before stamping on Eric's shoulder with a heavy boot, pleased at the way the younger man flinched and very nearly screamed.
Eric could only grunt as a shadow moved out of the corner of his peripherals, and as the second figure moved to stand alongside the pirate, his heartbeats, which were slowing rapidly, very nearly stopped beating as Eric, through his haze of blood-filled vision as red was the only color he could now see, stared straight ahead of him, unable to take the sight off of the unmistakable figure of Princess Vanessa, as the smirk plastered all over her face made the Prince sick with dread.
Vanessa's sneer widened as she strode gracefully forward, turning her head cooly towards the Prince, and the vengeful glare on the young woman's face chilled the blood in his veins.
"Because I told him to, Your Highness, how's that for your, 'why?' Your handsome hero is under my control now," the Princess remarked in a voice that was wise beyond her years, deeper, huskier, more seductive, and not belonging to her. Eric thought for sure his ears must be playing a sport of his mind, and his eyes, for he saw the Princess's eyes flick an unnaturally bright green, causing Eric's complexion to pale. Eric could only stare, blood filling in the back of his throat, unable to believe what in the bloody hell was happening to him. He watched, horrified, as Vanessa's features began to twist and distort until the face was no longer that of the Princess's but of a siren, a witch, a bad one that he did not recognize, and realized with a sickening jolt that this was the reason his soldiers had been unable to locate Vanessa.
Ariel's aunt Ursula had assumed control over the young woman the entire bloody time, and now it seemed had a vice on the pirate's heart as well, leaving him vulnerable. He would not have imagined Ariel's family member could be so cruel. Yet, the proof was right in front of him and now leaking as blood through a gaping hole in his ribcage that he would surely die from if he could not manage to stem the flow. Unable to breathe, his jaw hanging open in shock, Eric turned questioning eyes to Ariel's aunt and realized that was exactly what the witch had done.
"Did you think I truly did not know, Prince?" The witch inhabiting Vanessa's body asked the Prince rhetorically, knowing he could not answer. "I have spies everywhere, boy. In the sea. On land. Nothing happens in both our worlds that I don't know about." The witch scoffed and rolled her eyes to herself in jest.
Eric knew then that Ursula meant to complete that which he feared, the very threat that had driven him from the side of the woman he loved in the first place. The witch planned to use the pirate to kill him and then likely slaughter the pirate before going back for her niece. He had no time to feel his heart soar at the realization that he and Jones had set out to find the witch, and now they had found her, nor to feel it warm at the thought that he was grateful Ariel had not tried to follow them, that she was still safe and sound back within the confines of his castle.
"You…can't…do this...why?" Eric rasped in a guttural choking sound as he pressed a shaking and clammy hand to the hole in his side, gritting his teeth and working at ripping sections of his linen shirt to serve as a makeshift tourniquet to stop the bleeding until he could receive the medical attention of a doctor. If he survived.
Before he could crawl away, the witch's maniacal laughter flooded through the air.
"Oh, Your Highness," Ursula corrected. "Be assured I will do with you, this body, and your handsome stud of a pirate here, whatever it is that I please." She chuckled. "And you, dear boy, are in no position to ask me for anything." Her tone rose to match her angry mood. "Now, pet, be a good lad. Kill him," Ursula ordered Killian, as she stepped back to watch.
Killian pressed his boot further against the Prince's shoulder as Eric continued to squirm and struggle beneath him with what remained of his rapidly fading strength.
The pirate bent over to wind his slender fingers around the column of Eric's throat.
"Give it up and die, already, Highness, I think I'll keep your handsome head on a spike as a warning to those among my crew who would dare cross their captain," Killian growled in a hoarse voice that did not sound at all like himself. The pirate's voice was deeper, rougher, coarser, and upon closer inspection, as the man lowered his head, almost so his nose was touching Eric's, Eric could see the man's eyes were black. Eric scrambled to his feet and successfully brought the handle of his dagger against Killian's temple, earning him a resounding expletive that was ripped from the pirate's lips.
At the verge of fury, Jones threw himself against the Prince, clutching at the hilt of the blade that was still thrusted in his body and twisted it until the cracking of ribs mingled with Eric's pain-filled, torture-stricken screams, lost on the wind. At this, he felt his feet slip beneath his blood and was growing too weak to protest as Killian bounded forward and wound his arm around his forearm, dragging Eric towards the side of the ship, likely with the intent to throw him overboard.
Eric felt his gait stumble and falter as with a violent shove, Killian shoved him towards the edge of his ship, pressing him back and back until there was nowhere to go but overboard.
"Killian…" he managed to rasp out in a reedy-sounding croak that was barely audible. "Don't. You–you can fight this. Don't…do this, please...Ath...Athena, your...your wife. She...she wouldn't want this for you...Don't kill me, please..."
Though if the pirate heard Eric's words, he gave them no heed and shoved the wounded Prince so he toppled backward.
At this, he felt his feet slip, and before he could regain his footing, Eric plummeted into the depths of the ocean, feeling the water swallow him whole and the salt of the water stinging his wound, deeper into the echoing black abyss. He had the sense the vast space around him of the fathoms below would serve as his grave.
But since his parents' death, what good had he done with his life? The images of his mother and father loomed over him. There had been nothing wrong until the sea had taken their lives. The undercurrent pressed on him as he continued to sink and his eyes never closed at the frame of the white moon blurred by the water. The pain where Killian had stabbed him no longer lingered. His heart no longer thumped against his chest. The gods were good to him.
And before black completely blinded him and his last breath saw for the last time, the face he never would have expected to see, swimming towards him in her true form, at least he thought–bright blue eyes and sunset flaming red hair, Ariel.
His Ariel.

ARIEL'S eyes widened, watching Eric sink further and further below, the blue of the ocean water turning red with blood.
This could not be happening to her, it was the night of the Prince's birthday and the shipwreck all over again.
She was grateful that Maggie had been more than willing to revert her form to her original state of being, as a mermaid. She had not been able to stomach remaining within the sanctity of the Prince's castle walls, not knowing.
Now, she was glad that she had refused to obey her father's commands and remain behind.
Almost hysterical, she swam forward as fast as her fins would propel her, tears streaming down her face and becoming indistinguishable with the saltwater that surrounded her. Gathering the Prince in her arms, the way she had when she had saved his life when his ship had sunk the night of his birthday, Ariel fought to will her strength into the man she loved.
She was so intent on getting Eric to the surface and back on land that she did not see her father pausing to eye her intently. "Ariel," Triton's strikingly calm voice called. Startled, Ariel's head spun frantically in the King's direction, embarrassment burning on her cheeks at having been caught in a moment of negligence.
"Go," her father bid. "Get him on land and to his healers now. Your Prince will need you. Let Marsious and I handle Ursula," he nodded, eerily confident that they could, a glossy, distant look in his pale grey eyes. She eyed her father warily.
Though grateful her father had given her her blessing earlier, she was sure that there was still plenty that Marsious wished to say to her, judging by the flushed and an angry look he shot her, that their conversation had been rudely cut short when she'd not wanted to hear another word, that he would wish to pick it back up again soon. But for now, she had to see to Eric. But she wanted her father to be protected, and Killian too, as she saw no sight of the pirate.
Her mind wandered at the powers of her father's abilities, knowing his trident gave him magic and abilities that were unparalleled, rivaling Grandfather's. She was now sure he had known what the outcome of Eric and Killian's plan had been before they had all found themselves here, in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, and miles from Ipswich.
She was also sure there was some reason that her father had allowed the threat of her aunt and her magic to reach this level of urgency, to allow Ursula to hurt Eric in the manner she had. Whatever the purpose, she was beginning to understand her father's actions well enough that the outcome of whatever happened with her aunt was to ensure the good of the Prince and her new life together. Still, she gaped at Father long after King Triton had given her leave to take Eric back to land, to safety, where Maggie had promised to wait by the shore. Ariel was startled as she heard her king's decree again. It rang clearly in her mind as though her father were whispering it into the shell of her ear.
"Go!" he yelled and irritably waved his youngest daughter away with a curt brush of his arm.
Ariel did not need to be told twice. She nodded numbly and began to swim towards the direction they had come, back towards Ipswich. "Be careful, Father," she begged her father. "Please."
"When have I ever not been daughter? Now please don't make me say it again, Ariel. Go. Leave," King Triton repeated emphatically, to which Ariel swam away, desperate to reach the shoreline and Maggie before Eric succumbed to his wounds.
Ariel backed away slowly as if trying to memorize the sight of her father, aging, but majestic and proud.
Unable to spend one more moment together, father and daughter both turned and propelled themselves towards their respective duties, King Triton to deal with his sister, and Ariel to heal her human Prince. As the distance between the two grew, their hearts felt the pull of the love that bound them to one another grow even stronger.
Both Triton and Ariel could only pray to the gods that they weren't too late.

KILLIAN could hear the sullen exhale and throbbing of his chest. His sight blurred…with…tears? And it hurt. But not his face. Not the shocks coursing through his blood as it felt as though he were no longer in control of his actions, but his throat hallowing and the caving of his chest hurt like hell. Yes, gods. It hurt. No rage or any other emotion flooded through the possessed pirate at this moment. Only hurt. Hurt that laughed at what his being was. A bastard, unloved by his mother and father, loved by his brother, gone too soon, and loved by a wife that was so cruelly taken from them, and a daughter that they would have named Ariel, had she survived. He thought…for a moment, he knew an Ariel, didn't he?
"To me…Killian…come back to me…Do you remember the Caribbean, Killian?" Athena asked him.
Killian slowly swiveled his head to the whisperer. This night, like all of his other lonesome nights spent after he drinks himself to sleep after chasing the bottom of a bottle of rum, Athena was looking at him with her sun-kissed red hair flowing loose and free, and he loved it that way. No braids or clips adorned.
She liked it that way too. Athena smiled at him, but his lips remained pursed into a rigid, unmoving line.
He swore by the gods that his mind was playing a cruel trick on him. He was trapped in his delusion and was living in a world only for him, to see his wife return to him and wearing her ring. She had wanted nothing fancy when they married, a plain gold band that wouldn't snag while she worked. Even in the moonlight, the gold glinted.
His face remained in apathy as his beautiful Athena stared, and his creative artistry made the siren smile. He was dreaming, surely, imagining, indulging in the image of the young beauty he'd fallen in love with.
Her ivory chemise and yellow overdress were simple and neat, not a crease insight that he saw. Why Killian had to let Athena ghost him in this way, he did not know. He could almost see his wife jeering at her, reading the expression on her lips which said he didn't know because he knew nothing.
But now, Killian thought he was beginning to understand. He knew there were things left unsaid between him and his wife, emotions left shackled, and words left imprisoned that he'd never gotten to say at all. And all of those reappeared at this moment, wanting to be freed when this might be his only chance. To him, Athena remained everywhere, haunting her, and every night before he slept, he felt the ice on his cheeks in the form of his wife's fingers.
She whispered to him, always the same question. "Did you love me, Jones?" in a smooth seductive purr.
"You know that I did, Ath. More than anything." Killian pursed his lips to swallow hard past a lump in his throat, hearing himself whisper in a hoarse voice that did not quite sound like himself, talking to the apparition his grief-stricken mind had invented. "And I still do, sweetheart. And I don't remember the Caribbean, Luv, I remember you, Athena. Always."
Athena's silence reigned down on him like flaming arrows, searing and piercing his heart. Killian was sure his wife was a false image. She was dead, her daughter that shared their daughter's namesake had said so, but somehow, the pirate continued to let his damned mind play with his consciousness, continuing to speak to his wife's image in whispers.
This time, Killian saw light crystals beginning to bead at the rim of her eyes, looking down, her face shimmering and becoming distorted by her feeble attempts to stop the crying. He never saw Athena cry, not once. He saw no streaks of tears on her cheeks. He almost laughed silently at the thought of his wife crying, which his imagination was now witnessing. Athena was a woman who never cried. She had a beautiful face that was as rigid as marble, her words sharper than the finest Roman blade, the skill of a dozen women from Sparta during the times of old, and the weakness of a princess, to have fallen for him. He loved his wife's misunderstanding of a few things, her ignorance, her innocence, her beauty. He loved her, but could no longer have her, and still, Killian Jones loved Queen Athena from afar.
Killian held himself back and tried to force his mind to stay in this madness and stop the delirium.
But still, his lips spoke the words from his heart.
"It was right to leave the Caribbean, sweetheart. But what wasn't right was when you left me," he whispered.
It was then that Athena's image began to distort and fade from his view, despite his mind screaming at him to plead with Athena to stay. He wanted nothing more than to hold his wife as she began to disappear, and he couldn't do anything but watch. Everything else faded away into muffled shouts as something was happening around him that he could not discern what, and he wanted to disappear into the darkness, the abyss of his dreams.

  I want Athena…I want….Athena….


KILLIAN awoke dreaming of his wife's fingers on his jaw and her lips on his forehead. And it was too good a dream and too horrible a harsh reality. He thought of her every second since the last time he had laid eyes on her until his leather breeches tightened. He thought of her writhing under his spell. Every twist of her neck sent him into a whirlwind of paradise that he never wanted to wake up from at all. And gods.
The sounds his wife had made were enough to bury him in searing, blistering pleasure, causing his neck to sting with heat remembering it. She had been shy….but sexy as hell. He could still recall glimpses of her gaping full luscious lips, the sheen of perspiration on her collarbones, the long marvelous legs wrapped around his waist the night their babe had supposedly been conceived. The thought made him moan as his teeth chattered. He looked around, his brows creased, for any sign of the Prince and did not spot the young lad, his eyes moving stiffly until they landed on the witch herself. Ursula made no effort to conceal her face from him, staring at him with dagger eyes while the pirate continued to search for the Prince.
The air was a pungent smell of decay, hate, confusion, execution…
His heart leaped up into his chest as his eyes caught sight of a fallen and bloodied dagger near the edge of the ship. Killian swallowed a lump in his throat, all the blood draining from his face, as he turned on the heels of his boots and stalked towards the wretched disgusting witch who had a hand in his wife's death.
"Where's the boy?" he barked, gravel in his voice. He could feel his tears begin to make way, clearing a path through the blood he now felt on his face, all the while Ursula half-smiled at him, revolting his insides.
"You guess, Jones," she sneered, causing Killian to bare his teeth.
Ursula continued to stare at him in a way that sent shrills of mockery down the tall pirate's frame.
"I–no, that's–that's not right, I...I couldn't have killed him, you lie, witch," Killian stammered, his tongue going thick in his mouth. "More of your damned bloody lies, wench!" he shouted, crushing the witch's face with a fist. "Where. Is. The. Boy?"
Ursula managed a small laugh before spitting out a slaver of blood, enjoying watching the mortal man's discomfort as the pirate restlessly paced, running his hands painfully on his dark hair and blood-stained face, sweat, and tears, and blood painting his cheeks.
"Athena was MY wife, you bitch! MINE! Even after destroying her life, you'd continue to ruin her life?"
Albeit a bleeding nose, Ursula righted her gait and leaned her back against the side of the ship. Her face revealed no remorse whatsoever as it broke in a grin.
"Oh, Jones. Jonesy, Jonesy, Jonesy. The humans of this world always said the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. You two were alike, you know. You and Athena. Perhaps it was why she was drawn to you," Ursula sighed, almost sounding remorseful. Almost. "I took no pleasure in killing your babe. Or her, but she was a plague to our kind, our society, boy."
The pressure in Killian's head finally exploded along with a blood-curdling scream and a gash on the witch's neck as he drew his dagger so fast the witch had no time to react, much less even perform a spell.
Her pain-filled scream caught in her throat and could not find the path to leave her mouth as she stared at Killian in shock. He quickly withdrew his dagger and hefted his arm back, prepared to strike again. Her green eyes were wild with pain, anger, and shock. "You–" she begged in a gurgling moan, blood now filling her throat.
But her plea fell on deaf ears. He dove at Ursula, tackling the witch to the ground, and again plunged his dagger deeper into her chest with such a horrible raging passion that made his pupils shrink. With a strong and steady arm, Killian forced the weapon through the hard plate of the witch's breastbone and pierced her heart. Ursula fought to inhale as the realization of what he had done to her brought the fear for her life coursing through the very veins he was now draining.
"That is for me and how you cut out my heart from my chest by murdering the woman that I loved," he whisper hissed through gritted teeth as he smiled, enjoying the act of avenging his wife's murder, at last. Almost immediately, her chest began to fill with her blood and seep from the corners of her mouth. "I loved Athena, witch," Killian declared, smiling at the witch as he proclaimed his love for her former friend. "I always have and I will always love her." He removed the dagger from her chest and held it to her throat. "And this…this is for our daughter you killed and stole away from us without ever giving either one of us the chance to know her, wretch. For Ariel," he proclaimed, and slit the witch's throat.
As her body slumped and went limp in his grasp, a series of memories rolled within his mind. The children that ganged up on him and Leon were they were young lads, his sweet and kind mother, and cobalt-eyed Athena, the most beautiful thing to ever happen to him. Athena saving his life the night his ship had veered off course during a violent tempest, Athena forsaking her life as a siren of the sea, to be human and live on land with him, taking up the life of a simple village Healer, Athena taking over the flowers he had handed over, Athena on their wedding night in a flowing white dress, proudly wearing the gold ring on her finger, her deep red hair like a halo, how her skin was ticklish at the nape when he touched it.
When at once, his strength faded away and he shoved his dagger one more time into the witch's corpse for good measure, his blood-slimed fingers remained still. Killian lowered his head, bathed in crimson and Ariel's aunt's blood, and screamed.
His shoulders began to heave in the release of his life's worth of pain these last several agonizing years, hot rapid tears marrying his eyes' vision as he blinked. Out of the corner of his peripherals, between the convulsive catching of his breath that was unrecognized between sobbing and manic laughter that he was finally free, Killian looked out to sea.
A merman whom he could only presume was Athena's daughter's father stood by, alongside a handsome blond-haired younger one, their faces scrunched up in disgust and intense psychological disturbance at the devil Athena's first husband had just made himself. His wide blue eyes peered between his dark bangs doused in sweat and blood, Ursula's blood.
Ursula lay on the bloodied deck of his ship, her dead green irises staring numbly up at the sky, her throat slit, and a massive cavity within her chest.
The King of the Atlantic Ocean clenched his jaws at the sight of his wife's first husband holding his dead sister and motioned with a wave of his arm for Killian to come forward and bring the deceased's body to him, to drop it in the ocean.
Killian could only comply and gathered the witch in his arms, hoping that the king would see fit to spare him, though the look of murder in the merman's eyes told him at that moment, perhaps it was too much to hope for...
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 21
KILLIAN'S first impression of Athena's second husband was how much older he looked in the span of a few seconds the moment his sister's body dropped ungracefully into the water beside him, though it was as if the merman's sister continued to have a hold over the human body that had served as her host. His brow was furrowed with the deep lines of distress as unshed moisture glistened in the pirate's burning blue eyes as his gaze remained fixated on the red ribbon around the young woman's neck and the massive gaping cavity in her chest. She was just a lass, no older than lovely Ariel by a year or two, he would wager the gold in his pocket for this guess. His stomach churned as a pit formed in his stomach.The only guilt that he could manage to assuage himself of was that his wife's murder had been avenged, but at the cost of the other young woman's life, he was sure. When Killian summoned enough strength on his throat to ask of the King of the Atlantic Ocean a question, his voice was hoarse and faint, and barely audible over the encroaching storm breeze as a tempest began to roll in. A light gossamer of spritzing raindrops kissed his face and shoulders. He shivered as he dared to look into King Triton's face, but not from the cold, but rather, apprehension. Perhaps even…perhaps even fear. Triton's white hair and beard framed circled sunken in pale grey eyes. His brow was furrowed into a heavy scowling frown.He was undoubtedly anguished and conflicted over the fate of his sister, it was practically written all over the mermaid's face, as good as any ink to parchment would do. Killian was stricken as he remembered the fear and worry that wormed his way into his own heart when he learned of his brother Liam's disappearance, moons ago.He had been searching Ipswich, having received a tip in the Caribbean from a shoddy bloke, another pirate such as him, Jack, he called himself, the idiot Killian thought him to be, the bloke calling himself Jack Sparrow, a young strap of a thing, not older than twenty at best, that he had heard tell of a man who went by Liam Jones, last heard of and seen in Ipswich, which is how he came to find himself in the simplistic kingdom famed for their fishing.Though he had not anticipated forming an attachment to Maggie, nor intending to stay in Ipswich for a year, wanting nothing more than to continue resuming his search, however, Maggie had insisted he would find the answers he sought if he would only be patient and stay. He had stayed per the witch's request, and his curiosity had received its reward, having learned the truth after ten years of not knowing what had happened to his beloved wife, but at what cost?Killian furiously blinked his lids and forced himself out of his stunned stupor and back towards the powerful king, though the merman, even with his golden trident in hand, obviously the source of his power, did not look so intimidating now. He looked like a scared old man, well, half of a man, hiding behind his blustering and posturing. As Killian nervously lowered his gaze towards him, King Triton glowered at the conflicted pirate past the point of comfort. At this point, he could only imagine the dark tempest of thoughts of him that were swirling through Athena's husband's mind like a violent hurricane."You loved my Athena, I know. I suppose...you and I have that much in common, and a love for the sea," the king murmured thoughtfully, a surprisingly pensive look plastered all over the older merman's placid features.His tone was matter-of-fact, and Killian thought he could detect no hint of judgment or blame in his tone, for which he was most grateful for, more than he could ever possibly let on at all.Killian nodded and swallowed down past the lump in his throat."With everything that I ever was, Highness. And...I always will, until my dying breath." He looked at King Triton, and the honesty in which the mortal man spoke touched at the aging old merman, despite the king's initial distrust and dislike of humans, considering his youngest daughter was wedding one within a fortnight if he had it his way, wishing only for Ariel's happiness, he supposed if he wished to remain a constant presence and influence in his little mermaid's heart and life, then he would have to overlook the more questionable aspects of the human race and their unusual characteristics.Triton allowed himself a moment to reflect as he looked at him. "She must have loved you very much," Triton acknowledged in a begrudging sort of tone after a moment. "Athena was the purest and honorable that I ever had the pleasure of knowing. She never did take physical relations lightly, her father taught her better. She was not raised to feel casual about such things. If she gave you the gift of her love, her heart, her…herself, then she saw you in her future when you were wed." Triton's words almost sounded a compliment to him, which had caught the pirate unawares.Killian furiously blinked back the onset of angry tears now glistening in his burning blue eyes and nodded."I loved her, Your Highness. She was–she remains–my essence, my heart, and soul. Athena saw through to the man that I was always meant to be." He smiled affectionately, though his smile felt strained. "What happened to spend our lives together was not the fault of anyone here but your sister's, Your Grace," he murmured. Though no sooner were the words out of Killian's mouth than did the captain realize that he had just murdered the mermaid's sister. "Forgive me," he asked, ceremoniously as he lowered his head in reverence. "I realize that the witch was your sister, Highness. That alone cannot make this easy, and I am more than prepared to accept whatever is to be my fate, that the gods wish for me. If you would kill me, do it now," He allowed Triton a moment of mourning, not even realizing that such courtesy was no longer necessary. To his surprise, the mermaid shook his head, stroking the edges of his white beard as he looked up at Killian."I know what sort of a siren my sister was, boy, I know what she was, I need no reminders. This was perhaps the only way that it could have ended for her. If you had not taken her life, then I would have, for what she did to my Athena, to my Ariel," he hissed, assuring the pirate there was no sadness in his heart for the sister that he had just lost. "I regret that I did not maintain a better semblance of control over my sister's actions. I should have kept a guard assigned to her home at all times. It truly is a tragedy as to the loss of this mortal woman's life, but…"He paused, his baritone voice trailing off, seeming to wage war within himself for a great moment, before seeming to come to terms with whatever decision he had just made and gave his trident an almost lazy wave through the air, leaving Killian to watch, stunned, as a faint golden haze of light began to emanate through the tips of his trident and spread through the sky. The light seemed ethereal, almost magical, in a way, and seemed to reach and extend to all corners of the land."What did you just do? What...what foul witchcraft is this?" Killian breathed, his blue eyes shimmering in wonder as he kept his gaze fixated on the light that flooded the sky for a fraction of a second longer, before he returned his attention towards Ariel's father, only to find the King's face was sullen, his lined expression as grim as a watery graveyard.It chilled the blood in his veins."I have given the girl's parents and her people peace. Even we gods and kings' magic has our limitations, boy. Were I could have done something else for this mortal woman, I would have. She did not deserve this fate," he quietly explained, sensing Killian about to open his mouth to ask what in the seven bloody hells he had just done. "My magic cannot bring back the dead, at least not without repercussions, and the girl's body was taken over by my sister's Dark magic. There is always a cost that must be paid in the end when dabbling in its arts, and to make the girl's parents and her subjects forget her was the best that I could do for her. They shan't mourn her body, as they no longer know of their daughter's existence. I have spared them the pain and grief of losing a loved one, as we have. It is the best that I can do." A shadow of remorse and regret flickered over the wizened king's face as he lowered his trident slowly. "The sea and land alike are better off without Ursula. I and my family certainly are, and it would seem that I am in your debt, Captain. What would you ask of me? If it is reasonable, then I may grant it," King Triton let out a relieved sigh and watched as the woman's body sank to the fathoms below, the blue of the ocean's water slowly turning red. He frowned at the thought of the smell potentially attracting any number of godforsaken Great White sharks in these waters, though if it came to that, he would deal with it.Embarrassment shadowed on Killian's face a moment as he recollected a request that Ariel's young Prince had of him, and the younger man's words flitted through his mind."I know that what I am about to ask of you is a strange request," he admitted. "But this comes from your daughter's man's mouth, not mine, he asked me for a favor," he tried to clarify. "He wishes to marry your daughter within a fortnight, once he is recovered from his...wounds," he stammered, a muscle in his jaw clenching in anger as he thought of what the witch had made him do, how he had not been in control of his mind or his actions, and hated her even more for it. "He would have me marry them, if you are amenable, King," he proclaimed, his chest puffing out slightly with a strong pride.King Triton assented, pleased that his youngest daughter would be wed under the eyes of the god by a man ordained in such matters and who understood both the land and sea. The King could think of no better officiant."Well, then." The King grunted as he changed the subject. "I could think of no better request from the man who has just had a hand in ensuring my little girl's happiness, and saved her life from the wickedness of her aunt." He smiled. "Though such a momentous occasion cannot go uncelebrated," King Triton decreed. He paused to give another slight wave of his trident, all the while Killian studied him with wonder and awe.Killian was admitted shocked by the turn of events, not having expected the king of the sea to be so accepting of the Prince's affections for his youngest daughter, nor for him to have approved of the drastic actions that he had taken against his wife's murderer, that of his sister. He found respect and perhaps even a fondness for the King of the Atlantic Ocean growing within his heart. After a moment, within the pirate's palms appeared a small package, appeared to have been conjured of thin air. Killian flicked his gaze downward and found held in his hands a sturdy pouch made out of a light blue velvet material, upon which were embroidered various sea creatures alongside images of the moon and the stars in threads of what appeared to be fine silver. The bottom was reinforced with the leather tanned so richly that it shone bright red.A drawstring cord served to close the lovely pouch and was made of a fine tightly braided golden cord. Jewels sparkled around the bag, glinting in the moonlight. Killian smiled upon realizing the nature of the precious stones that adorned the wrapping that now held a pair of beautiful elegant yellow gold wedding rings.The jewels around the bag were sapphires, and the bag contained Ariel and Eric's wedding rings.When Killian looked down for a moment to collect his thoughts, searching for something he wished to see, but he was not sure what, his eyes landed and settled on the king's face, and it was in that exact moment that Killian Jones found it.He swore he saw King Triton smile.
ARIEL did not know how long she sat at the edge of the beach, waiting, watching, hoping to spot any sign of her father or the silhouette of the pirate's ship in the distance. All the while the world carried on around her while she sat cross-legged, her bare feet tucked beneath the skirts of her simple dress, relishing the feel of the sand in between her toes as she wriggled them, grateful that Maggie had not hesitated to turn her back the moment she had surfaced with the Prince in tow, to find Maggie expectantly waiting for them, as if she knew to expect this. Ariel had learned by this point in her dealings with witches, be they land or sea dwellers, not to question their magic or their characters and had not asked.Word came to her through Molly, who had been sent to receive word on the Prince's condition from Ariel while Maggie tended to her young charge in the privacy and familiarity of the confines of her seaside shack, that the Princess Vanessa's escort had inexplicably headed home, and appeared to have lost all memory of the missing girl.Ariel had offered up no verbal retort or visible reaction by way of response when the young blonde and Kasper had exclaimed their confusion and their shock, though she harbored a deep inkling in her heart that her father and the trident's magic were behind this strange oddity. Perhaps he had made Vanessa's family forget her. Ariel's lips pinched downward into a bittersweet frown as she toyed with the ends of her plaited hair, courtesy of Molly to keep it out of the way while she waited. She raised her red, tear-filled eyes to the night sky, remembering every wonderful moment spent with Prince Eric, and the moments she still hoped to enjoy now that she was to be a permanent part of his world when married.If he survives this, chimed a warning bell in the back of her mind, unhelpfully. She frowned. Ariel knew that if this day ended without the Prince rousing from consciousness, then she would follow Eric to the Heavens by her hand.As the ugly thought left her mind, it was then that Maggie walked slowly through the doorway of her home and trodded out onto the beach to meet the Prince's young lover. The witch was deliberate in her movements, a sheen of sweat glittering along her dark forehead, and her tired face showcased the exhaustion she'd not allow her body to feel for hours yet.Ariel bolted upright to her feet, unsteady on her feet. She was almost terrified to try to read the witch's expression."H–how is he, Maggie? Eric, is he...is he...alright?" she pleaded in a cracked and warbling voice, fear shadowing her hopes.Maggie looked at her with an odd expression for a moment, her eyes heavily lidded.Taking a deep breath, she delivered the news she knew Ariel needed to hear. "He made it through my surgery. He will live," she reported, a wary smile finding her cheeks. "But he is not out of the woods yet, young lass. Your Prince has not yet woken from his sleep, and there is still a risk of infection. If Jones would have aimed any higher, he'd have gone for the heart, and not even my magic would be able to revive him. His injuries were very serious. They'll take time to heal.""I…I understand. May I see him, please?" Ariel asked, her worry returning as she felt her face drain off colors.Maggie smiled as if to reassure the siren that all would be well, in the end. "Of course. Follow me. I would advise sleeping here tonight. You can kip on the floor. I've spare blankets. It won't be much and will be cramped, but I don't think it is advisable to move him much just yet, dear." Ariel tried to offer her thanks, but she could barely get the words out.Maggie offered a curt little nod of her head in understanding and proceeded to lead Ariel inside. A large blanket had been hung from the low ceiling of the spare room in Maggie's two-room hut to allow separation from the rest of the witch's home. She held the curtain back and allowed Ariel to enter the room first, slowly. Eric lay unconscious and motionless on a small pile of blankets covered with a thin woolen tattered blanket, his skin faded and pale from loss of blood. His breaths were weak and shallow, and the man appeared more like a corpse than one who had just come back from death's brink.When she saw him, her legs gave out beneath and she crumpled into a heap at Eric's side. She took his ice-cold hand and pressed it to her lips. Unable to be strong and fierce like the underwater warrior that her father and sisters had raised, she stroked back strands of his sweat-soaked black hair and bent her face to his, sobbing the Prince's name. She hovered over the man, her salty tears falling upon his frigid skin. Ariel proceeded to keep a silent vigil over the next several hours at Eric's bedside. Maggie dutifully stood at the foot of the blankets, respectfully giving the siren the space that she needed.Finally, Ariel tore her gaze away from the Prince."Thank you," was all she could say at the moment."Will he live?" she beseeched the wizened witch.Maggie cautiously studied her patient, leaned over him, and pressed her hand to Eric's sweat-soaked forehead."His wound will heal, but his fever still rages," she informed Ariel. "I will do what I can to lower the burning, but the rest will be up to him, dear thing," she muttered. The witch gave Ariel a hopeful look, but one that seemed tinged with a dire warning before leaving to gather cold water with which to dab at the Prince's searing skin in the hopes of bringing down his temperature and quelling the fever before the Prince's condition could worsen at all.Ariel's breath felt thick and strange in her lungs.Her heartbeats slowed as if the feeble muscle in her chest was somehow connected to Eric's own heart and she knew it was, as her heart was no longer hers and hers alone anymore, but she had freely given her heart to this man. She stared at the Prince's motionless frame and thought of all the things she had wished she'd told him. A single tear slipped from her chin onto his fingers which she clutched close to her chest and softly sobbed. Unable to bear the distance between them, Ariel lowered her face to Eric's and planted a featherlight kiss on the man's lips, which were tinged blue with the cold."Please, Eric," she begged. "Please don't leave me," she whispered.Her request almost sounded like a prayer.
ARIEL kept silent vigil at the Prince's bedside for two days. She flat-out refused food or sleep, though Maggie, Molly, and Kasper all continued to pressure her to try to eat. But she could barely manage to keep down a single bite. When she had tried the first, she had been sick to her stomach and retched up everything.After that, her friends and Maggie relented their efforts to continue. Maggie continued to care for Eric and monitor his condition, though Ariel barely realized she was in the room. Her misery was utterly relentless.The pain of watching the man that she loved more than anything fight for his life and being powerless to help him was more than she could bear. The princess's misery was utterly relentless and unforgiving. She blamed herself for not being more stubborn, for insisting that she come with. She could have helped, perhaps been able to talk Ursula down from her ire. She sat beside Eric and kept him held close to her breast, much like a mother would coddle their child, and bargaining with Grandfather himself to spare his life. She would do anything, go anywhere if that was what it took, to save him.After about an hour on the third day, Ariel finally heard the Prince's beloved voice, but something was wrong. "No," Eric moaned lowly in his throat, almost a growl, his eyes still shut. His breathing had quickened, but it did not deepen. "Don't hurt her! Whatever you plan to do, do it to me, but don't hurt her!" he pleaded, desperate.A cry of alarm was ripped from Ariel's lips as for an instant, Eric's eyes flew open.The Prince peered at her through a hazy fog, his blue eyes cracked and red-rimmed at the irises."Ariel?" he breathed in a breathless voice. "Don't go," he implored urgently. "Don't…leave me…again."Part of her wanted to soar and weep at the fact that even for this moment, he was awake and had said her name. And she would have too, were Ariel not so frightened for him. All she wanted was to ease his fear.She could not understand for a moment why he would, even in his most delirious and fevered nightmare, doubt that she would remain by his side in his greatest hour of need. Her eyes fell upon the Prince's stricken face, and then he realized with a horrible stabbing in his heart that almost everyone he had ever loved had left him.His parents were dead, and as kind as Carlotta and Grimsby were to him, they would never be his parents.Ariel grew sick with dread thinking how lonely Eric must have been growing up, with no parents and no other siblings for company. The pit in Ariel's stomach filled with a cold dread once again as she silently swore to herself that she would not leave the man's side, no matter what.She would prove to the man she wanted to marry that hers was the love that Eric could depend upon, always."Eric? I–I'm here," she choked back the onset of tears and swallowed down past a growing lump in her throat. "I–I'm right here where I'm sitting. I'm not anywhere else. You will never lose me because I will never leave you." Her trembling slender fingers reached out to caress Eric's clammy face, but the act only deepened Ariel's despair.His cheeks were flushed bright red. The man's skin was searing, hot to the touch, and Ariel recoiled her hand back with a hiss as she gritted her teeth. It was as she had feared. The man's fever threatened to burn up his insides."Maggie!" she called urgently, her eyes wide with horror. Maggie, who had been in the middle of preparing a makeshift beef stew and chopping up bits of salted pork and carrots, appeared around the curtain in a quick second. Kasper followed close on his heels, having ventured to the witch's shack for an update on Eric that he could take back to Grimsby and Carlotta once he heard.Ariel turned urgently to face the witch and Eric's best friend and then turned quickly back to regard Eric, horrified."I–he's burning up!" she shouted, frantically so.Maggie rushed to the opposite side of the pile of tattered blankets upon which her royal houseguest lay. She felt her forehead. The young redheaded lass was right. Gods above, the young man was running a very high fever.Maggie gingerly pulled the blanket back and lifted the tunic in which she had dressed the man after the surgery. The witch carefully inspected the laceration, her expression growing grim, her green eyes clouded in anger."His wound is infected, lass," she barked out, her dark forehead wrinkling as she squinted against the dim light. She peered expertly at Eric's ribs. The incision she had created was now beginning to fester. Green and yellow pus glistened sickeningly and slick around the entry of the wound, and a long band of red radiated out from the Prince's stitches and painted the skin down his waist.Maggie rose with a groan at the stiffness in her joints from examining Eric. She replaced the light linen tunic that covered him but kept the blanket pulled back, leaving his arms and legs exposed to the cool air."I need to treat the infection, but I have to get the fever down. You girl," she barked, pointing a finger towards Molly, beckoning the young blonde forward with a wag of her finger. Almost instantaneously, the maid bolted upright to her feet and snapped to attention, bounding forward, her pretty face a study of solemn eagerness as she swiped a lock of her chin-length golden hair back behind her right ear as she reached the witch's side. "Fetch me spare sheets and buckets of cold water, lass," Maggie directed Ariel's friend, who nodded grimly and ran out of the room quickly to comply with the witch's demand. Then Maggie turned towards Ariel. "I need to mix the remedies. I will return shortly," she informed the princess.Ariel merely gaped, her overwhelming thoughts overcome with Eric. Maggie stole a rather distressed glance towards Kasper, the Prince's best friend huddling in the furthermost corner of the room, looking lost at how to help, as they both left the room. Carlotta and Grimsby's son regarded the Prince as his best friend lay motionless on the pile of blankets with a worried frown and a run of his hand through his curly blond hair in anguish.He had never seen his fierce friend look so weak and hovering near the brink of death. Kasper's stare trailed down to Eric resting frail on the hardwood floor of the witch's hut. He could scarcely believe it was his best friend. The tallest and bravest man in all of Ipswich now seemed so broken and vulnerable. His mind flitted back to dinner one night, shortly after the girl had been rescued from the rubble of the shipwreck, what Mother and Father had said to Molly and him over dinner.How the gods of the sea had given this girl to the young master of the castle as a gift, given something back to Prince Eric when all those years ago, it had taken the Prince's parents from him. Mother seemed convinced that Eric and Ariel's future together was all but a certainty. His mother was intuitive and usually never wrong about these types of things.Kasper could not understand why this was happening to his friend, and neither could Molly, and both of them prayed the gods would be merciful to their friends and allow the Prince to recover fully, especially now that Eric had found the love of a good woman, and hoped to enjoy a long life with her and had so much untapped potential, so much that he had to live for.Ariel sank back against the wall of the witch's hut, lost in the throes of her woes and relentless misery. She clung tight to the Prince's hand, trying to give Eric a lifeline and will some of her strength back into him.She wanted to be brave for Eric, but her world was crumbling as his life seemed to be slipping away. She had never felt more powerless before in her entire life. Ariel had always been strong, always brave, afraid of nothing. Her father had not raised her and her sisters to be weak. However, now Ariel felt anything but fearless. She lowered her face to Eric's and kissed his motionless lips, swiping a long lock of red hair that had fallen in front of her face like a curtain.Resting her head next to his, it was now Ariel's turn to beg."Father. Grandfather," she pleaded. "I have never once asked you or the gods for anything in my life, but hear me now. Hear my words. Save him. I will do anything you ask," she whispered. "Just save him. Please," she begged the gods in a cracking, weak voice. As she closed her eyes and leaned her head back against his pillow, resting alongside him, Ariel did not know that Poeisdon had heard his youngest granddaughter's prayer.It was only minutes before Maggie and Molly returned, but for Ariel, it felt as though an eternity had passed her by in just a few blinks of her eyes. Molly carried two large pails of water that she had fetched from the village's well in the town plaza, and an armful of clean linens from Gilly, another of Carlotta's maids.She quickly dunked the sheets in the cool water and began to drape them over Eric's fevered body, all the while Maggie carried a wooden bowl, a small knife, and several clean cloths that almost looked brand new.The witch set the basin beside the pile of blankets and knelt into a crouch, slicing open the side of the Prince's tunic with her cutting knife. Wiping the knife clean on one of the cloths, Maggie began carefully scraping away as best as she could and cutting away the rancid and infected parts of the wound on Eric's ribcage. Even in his unconscious state, the Prince's body began to react to the pain. Eric inhaled sharply and moaned in his sleep, but he did not once open his eyes."Maggie, stop! You're hurting him! Stop!" Ariel hysterically screamed, and bounded forward, trying to stop Maggie from parring away any more of Eric's diseased skin from where the pirate had stabbed him.She would have reached the witch too, had Kasper not darted forward in a flash and wound his strong arms around Ariel's small waist in a tight iron vice grip.Maggie pulled away and straightened her gait, letting out a frustrated exhale as she fixed the redheaded siren with a withering look that would have could wilt a fully bloomed flower, had one been present in the room. "Child, do try to calm down. If you cannot maintain control over your emotions, then I would kindly ask you to wait outside, dear. I have to clear as much of the infection as possible, or it's going to poison your Prince's entire body," she stated quietly in a soft subdued tone, desperately trying to make Ariel understand why the action was necessary.Molly stepped up and helped Kasper in restraining Ariel, pulling her down by the shoulder and giving the appendage a firm but reassuring squeeze as the fair-haired little blonde tried to smile up at the redhead. "Let her work, Ariel!" Molly demanded, furrowing her thin brows and almost sounding angry with her friend. "Please. She knows what she's doing."Pacified, at least a little by her friend's insistence, Ariel ceased her efforts to break free of Kasper's grip and allowed Maggie to finish her work, although the little mermaid watched the healer's work carefully.Maggie retrieved the small wooden bowl and perched it on the cot beside the Prince's unconscious and clammy form. She began using her fingers to scoop out a thick, dark, truly foul-smelling paste that made Ariel want to retch with just the stench alone that it held, and began to paint it over the Prince's wound.When she was satisfied with her handiwork, the witch dressed the area in a clean cloth, the fabric now held in place by the strange concoction on top of his skin. When Maggie finished, she pulled the damp sheet on top of Eric's chest and wetted down a few of the smaller linens that she'd asked Molly to fetch for her.She wrung them out over the bucket of water and folded them carefully, resting one behind Eric's neck and the other, overtop his brow, the skin of which was pulled taut and tight across the bone in disturbed sleep.Eric began to violently convulse as the icy water from the drenched covers penetrated his blazing skin.The water droplets that ran down the sheets and pooled onto the floor in a little puddle were warm by the time they reached the wood. Throughout the entire encounter, Ariel never once let go of the Prince's hand.The agonizing waiting began for Ariel again anew, while Kasper and Molly could only watch on with concern and fear as their friend deteriorated by the day. They both feared what Ariel might do if the worst should come to pass. They had heard that when merfolk gave up on life or no longer wished to live, they would merely die of a broken heart, their bodies turning to seafoam and becoming lost in the ocean. Molly begged Ariel to eat a small something, reminding her friend that she would do the Prince no good if she should faint sick from hunger and fatigue. Ariel reluctantly conceded and tried a few small bites of the stew that Maggie had brought to her, but could barely keep it down and was sick to her stomach.Kasper and Molly's worry for both Eric and Ariel was excruciating, and between the two of them, they darted out of the witch's hut every two hours to provide Kasper's parents an update on Eric's condition.Grimsby and Carlotta were nearly frantic with worry over their master's condition, though due to the cramped quarters of the witch's hut, only a few people were permitted to remain by the Prince's side at any given time, and they assented and both agreed that Kasper and Molly should be the ones to remain by Ariel and Eric's side throughout the Prince's fight for his life as his body battled his raging hot fever.Maggie continued to see to Eric's care. She cleansed and redressed the Prince's wound with fresh poultices nearly every hour, just like clockwork. The witch personally took over-soaking the sheets in ice-cold water that Molly dutifully continued to fetch fresh from the village's well in the center of the town square and draping them over Eric's weak form. His body temperature was still dangerously high, and the fact the lad had not yet regained consciousness troubled Maggie more than she would care to admit it. Throughout the night, Eric fought for his life, all the while Ariel faithfully remained by his side.
IT was well past midnight. The darkness once more engulfed the town of Ipswich, the villagers sound asleep in their beds, never knowing that two merfolk now walked on land. Marsious had been sent by Triton back to the Pacific Ocean, to his clan, without the prize that the merman had hoped to obtain, Triton's precious daughter, while the king of the Atlantic Ocean swallowed his pride and his anger and took his first steps on land as a turned human, wishing to be by Ariel's side during her darkest hour of need and offer support to his little mermaid whatever way she needed. The King was given Maggie's bed if he wished to sleep, though he pointedly refused the offer and remained awake and standing tensely in the corner of the room, tersely guarding his daughter and the human mortal prince whom Ariel had fallen madly in love with.Ariel had been initially relieved and delighted to see her father, and that he had spared Killian's life for his part in the death of her aunt, but not even her father and the pirate's presence lessened her worry for Eric.A cold wind blew in from the sea. Killian and Kasper sat on the floor, leaning against the wall opposite the tiny makeshift room in which Eric lay guarded by his lover and the King of the Atlantic Ocean.Ariel had not meant to fall asleep. She had sworn she would not allow herself to rest until Eric was out of danger. However, the exhaustion of the agonizing three days spent keeping vigil over Eric's bedside not only showed on her pale and exhausted face but had taken a toll on her mind and body, as well.As she had sat picturing the man she was going to marry restored to full health and enjoying the wonders of the world with her, she had found the vision so comforting that she had drifted off into the splendor of it all.She saw him tall and strong, the very picture of courage and bravery. Ariel sensed his loving arms around her, tasted the sweetness of the man's kiss, and felt the man's fingers trailing their way through her long red tresses. As she hunched there, huddled into a ball, and lost in the throes of her nearly happy fantasy, Ariel realized that she had woken up. The girl still felt the tender caress of the Prince's hand on her skin. She allowed herself a moment to enjoy the feeling of him before it promptly disappeared. She frowned. Then, she began to understand that the strange sensation was not leaving her.Ariel's breaths hitched in her throat. She prayed she was simply not imagining the sensation, that her mind was not playing a trick on her, making her feel what she wanted to feel. Though Eric's fingers moved once more through her hair. She raised her head cautiously and Eric's hand fell weakly upon her cheek.She caught Eric's fingers and held them tenderly to her lips, kissing the man's knuckles with as much tenderness as she could muster up as she turned to gaze up at her Prince's tired and stricken pale features.Eric's eyes were open, thank the gods, and he was watching ariel lovingly. If he noticed the other souls about the room, including her father, he paid it no mind, seeming to have eyes for Ariel and Ariel alone.The corners of the Prince's thin mouth turned up in the sweetest smile that Ariel thought she'd ever seen.Ariel's heart leaped up into her throat with relief and joy. She rose herself to Eric's face and kissed him softly. She was almost terrified to touch him as her shaking hands shifted nervously from Eric's fingers and then to his waist, and finally, lingered around his face. Ariel could not stem the flow of tears that found her eyes and dropped onto the Prince's skin."You're awake," Ariel whispered hoarsely, overcome with happiness, her shy voice trembling with emotion. "I–I've been waiting for you to wake up. You–you've been asleep for almost four days," she explained softly, her lips trembling as she bit down on her bottom lip."Where am I?" Eric's voice was hoarse and barely audible from days of not being used. His throat was so dry and parched that it was a chore to force the words.Ariel grimaced and hesitated, peeking over her shoulder and looking towards her father, who continued to stand in the corner, stiff and rigid and unmoved, and Killian Jones for reassurance and trust, unsure how much she could divulge, if Eric remembered any of what happened, though Jones was slumped on the floor and appeared to have fallen into an uneasy sleep. She thought she saw her father offer a curt shake of his head by way of response, and she understood then what it was that she was responsible for. She was anxious to keep fear and uncertainty from Eric's mind. She breathed deep and began slowly, her slow pace an effort to stem the tears that now swamped in the back of her throat and fell from her lids."You were in search of my aunt with Killian on the man's ship. She–she ambushed you, you were injured. Stabbed," Ariel told Eric as calmly as she could manage, recollecting what Father and Killian had told her hours earlier when she'd still been awake. She shivered and gritted her teeth, hardly daring to believe that her aunt could have been so viciously cruel."Your wound became infected, and you've had a high fever." Ariel lovingly caressed Eric's now cool forehead and stroked back wisps of his black bangs. "But you're going to be fine now, you'll see. I'm going to help everyone look after you when we get back. Maggie saved your life, Eric. We owe her our lives," Ariel told him, trying to convince herself just as much as Eric.Killian and Kasper both awoke to the sound of Ariel's hoarse voice. The men had heard Ariel speak to Eric in his sleep many times over the past few hours, and they were both about to return to their slumber when Kasper noticed it first: Eric's hand moving up Ariel's arm, and he thought he saw his friend blink.Kasper and Killian bolted upright to their feet at the same moment, clutching one another for support, both men barely believing their own eyes."Maggie!" they shouted together in unison, all of them eager for good news as to the Prince's recovery.Maggie came quickly and stopped short in the entryway when she saw that her charge was now awake. A hopeful smile found the witch's lips."Well, well, this is a welcome sight, indeed," she grinned, stepping to Eric's side. "Your Highness, if I might take a moment to examine your wound?"Eric silently nodded, and Ariel drew in a breath and held it, hoping that all with the Prince was indeed well.Maggie carefully pulled back the damp sheep that was now mostly dry and gingerly lifted the edge of Eric's linen shirt to reveal the poultice that she had created. She studied the man's injury with a careful and precise eye.Her fingers delicately pressed at the edges of the wound. No colored discharge oozed from the incision as it had before. Maggie nodded, seemingly assured of her assessment of the man's injury, and rested her hand on the man's forehead. Maggie considered his temperature pensively. She took the Prince's wrist and felt Eric's pulse.Replacing the appendage gently at the Prince's waistline, her smile grew wider. "Your fever has broken, Highness," Maggie reported in as professional a tone as she could, as she relayed to the group now gathered around the Prince.She regarded Eric and Ariel with no small amount of relief glittering in her narrowed catlike green eyes. "You will need time to recover, of course, but I believe you should be well enough to marry in a fortnight, provided you follow my instructions exactly. I would say that you are through the worst of it, Your Highness, and are lucky."Behind her, Kasper and Molly beamed at the happy news, while Killian exhaled a sharp sigh of relief and sagged his shoulders, relieved that he would not have to suffer the weight of the younger man's death on his conscience.Ariel kneeled beside Eric. As gently as she could manage, she gathered Eric in her arms and kissed her Prince with the four agonizing long days that had been denied her as she had lain in wait, not knowing if he would live or not.Eric met her lips with an equally intense passion, his heart relieved that Ariel was safe and sound. Eric was glad that it had been him and not Ariel the witch had injured. He was not sure he could have survived watching Ariel suffer, and would have taken the pirate's blade several times over if it meant keeping the woman he loved safe.Ariel laid him back carefully against the pillow, her face hovering over hers, a soft affectionate smile playing on her lips, as Ariel seemed to have eyes for the Prince alone. "The gods have answered my prayers. Grandfather has heard me, and he has saved your life," Ariel smiled at Eric, certain she was the luckiest woman alive, and could not wait to marry her Prince.Eric frowned, looking thoughtful, though before he could say a word, the sound of someone coughing to clear their throat could be heard coming from the corner of the room.Alarmed, he sat upright against the mountain of pillows that were piled high on his bedside and looked to the corner, his blue eyes growing wide and round as saucers.The stranger with the closely cropped white beard approached Eric's makeshift bedside slowly, reverently."I am glad to see that you are well," his booming baritone voice reverberating through all four corners of the room. "You gave my daughter one hell of a scare, boy," he barked."Is that…?" he breathed, his eyes making a quick sweep of the man hovering in the furthermost corner of the room, as the stranger in the room saw fit to step from the shadows and reveal himself, his very aura intimidating.When he looked back at Ariel, she was smiling, not a hint of worry or fear or judgment plastered on her face.She nodded, her face a study in eagerness. She took a moment and breathed deeply through her nose before speaking."Eric, I'd like you to meet my father." 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 22

THE scream ripped through the desolate corridor the morning of the Prince's wedding to the siren of the sea, two weeks following the Prince's recovery, startling Killian so badly that he nearly choked on his wineskin of ale as he listened to the woman's voice. The scream tore through the captain like a shard of glass. He felt his eyes widen and his pulse quicken in his veins as he bolted to his feet, his heard thudding like a seashell rattling in a box.
The scream came again, desperate, terrified, dying…
His ears strained for more sounds, more clues as to where it was coming from, listening for anything that might give away this stranger's position. Whoever they were, they were in danger, and there was a part of Killian that always cherished playing the part of the dashing hero to the fair maiden, though the last maiden he'd saved was his Athena.
Killian had no bloody idea what he would do when he got there, just that he had to find whoever was screaming, and fast. Killian narrowed his eyes and stared off into the distance, trying to see any indication that she was nearby.
He couldn't see her, but he could hear her, whoever she was, and at this rate, that was the best Killian could hope for.
"Hello?" he called out as he came towards a door that looked to be heading towards the kitchens, from the delectable scent of whatever delicacies the castle's chef, a boisterous Frenchman named Louis, was preparing for the Prince's lavish wedding feast much later this evening. "Is someone hurt?" he asked in a hesitant sounding voice.
"LOUIS!" the woman's screamed back, shrill and near hysterics, faint over the din of whatever commotion was going on in the kitchen. "Thing, oh, thing, get it AWAY from here! Gods damn it, kill it! What are you waiting for?" she screamed.
The girl behind the closed panel of the door sounded on the verge of fainting.
That was all the confirmation the pirate needed. Keeping his one good hand on the hilt of his sword in its sheath, he kicked open the door with an audible grunt and a forceful shove of his boots and barreled in through the kitchens' doorway without so much as a second thought, but was not admittedly prepared for the strange scene that met his eyes.
A large red crab had seemingly escaped the boiling waters of whatever pot the castle's chef intended to boil it in and was now snapping its pinchers threateningly at the young maid, who was holding a frying pan in both of her hands all the while skirting around the crustacean, as though she feared it would attempt to attack her. He couldn't make out much of the maid's face, but the sight was admittedly adorable. He almost wanted to laugh at this scenario but managed to refrain.
If this was the most exciting thing to happen on the young Prince's wedding day, then he would welcome it.
"Here, let me," Killian murmured in a low voice as he darted forward towards the crab, who snapped threateningly at him, though the pirate paid it no mind as he plucked it up off the ground with experienced handling that could have only come from his many years spent out at the sea.
Once he was confident the little crab was securely tucked away in its arms, though the creature kept attempting to pinch his hand in the hopes of getting the pirate to relinquish its iron-clad grip on it, though if anything, Killian's hold on the large crab tightened even further.
He returned his attention towards the frightened young maid, who had backed herself against the wall and kept her head lowered and her face turned sharply to her right, rendering it impossible for him to make out any details of the maid's face, as her long dark hair had tumbled in front of her face like a curtain, shielding whatever stricken and terrified expression she wore from the captain.
His fingers of his one hand he had left gave a spasmodic little twitch as he itched to touch her, and gingerly, he crept as close as he possibly dared for a closer look, all the while he looked the young maid of Carlotta's up and down, silently assessing her condition, looking her over for any sign of injuries she might have sustained during the crab's attempted escape.
"Are you hurt, milady?" he questioned urgently, extending his hand out for the woman to take as he rose to his feet, wincing at the stiffness in his knees, considering he had been sitting around for a majority of the morning with nothing to do until later this evening when the time would come for him as acting captain of his ship to officiate. But right now, he had to see to this lass. He suspected the poor thing was scared out of her wits over this damn crab. His question thankfully elicited a response from the maid, as she blearily turned her head in the direction of his voice to look at her unknown savior in the eyes. The moment she did, Captain Killian Jones felt his breaths catch in his throat and his heart stand still.
Two youthful, almond-shaped light hazel eyes were now staring widely back at him, widening in shock and fear as Killian stared numbly right back, at a loss for words. Killian blinked owlishly at the pretty maid and felt his throat tighten, just as he had been about to speak. For this lovely petite little creature whom he had just saved from a harmless Caribbean King crab was not at all what Killian had expected. This wasn't some middle-aged kitchen wench with fading stringy hair and a wary expression on lined and weathered features, as he had at first perhaps assumed the terrified woman to be. No.
This girl was young, around his age, maybe younger, looking to be in her early thirties, maybe, but bugger that.
Whoever she was, she was old enough for him to have taken an instant interest in the girl. He had not felt this way since…since…He swallowed, hard. He would rather not think about it.
Athena was now in his past. If he wanted to make something of his life, he had to keep moving forward.
As the beautiful young maid rose to her feet, hesitantly accepting the offer of his outstretched hand after a moment or two of staring at Killian's outstretched hand in a stunned stupor, cringing at the unexpected jolt of warmth that passed between them the moment their fingers brushed together slightly from the interaction, she quickly retreated into herself and pulled her hand back and swiftly headed towards the door, with Killian following right behind on the young maid's heels.
She turned towards the castle's chef and pursed her lips into a thin rigid line as her face paled. "You–you should have killed it, Louis, and what are you even doing, trying to cook it? The master explicitly stated no dish is to contain any fish!" The brunette maid huffed in indignation and very nearly stomped her foot in frustration, an adorable temper tantrum of sorts that caused the edges of Killian's mouth to twitch as the pirate desperately fought against the urge to smile at the maid.
Louis's face mottled in anger and turned a bright shade of red, the edges of his thin mustache bristling. Though as he opened his mouth to speak, the shy susurrations of the Prince's future bride could be heard resonating throughout the corridor.
"Louis? What's going on? I-I heard shouting? Is everything...alright?" came Ariel's voice, sounding hesitant but thoroughly worried as she rounded the corner and skidded to a halt in front of the entryway.
In the hopes of rectifying the situation, Killian coughed once to clear his throat and redirect Ariel's attention towards him, though he felt his cheeks burn as a light pink blush speckled its way along his face as the lovely brunette maid whose name he still did not know, followed his movements with a rather guarded expression.
"I think, milady, this crab might belong to you?" he murmured in a low husky voice as he shifted his arm better so that the former siren of the sea could get a better look at the large crab tucked securely in his arms and still trying to pinch him.
Ariel's cautious breath caught in her throat as the young redhead's gaze flicked downward as her gaze lingered and settled on the familiar Caribbean land crab nestled in the pirate's strong arms.
Pinching threateningly at Killian Jones and reaching out its pinches for her, was Sebastian.
Ariel nearly squealed with happy delight as she covered her hands in disbelief.
A cry of joy left her throat as she rushed to scoop the crab into her arms. Killian's smile radiated as brightly as hers as he gladly relinquished control of the crab to her, noticing out of the corner of his peripherals the beautiful young maid breathe an audible sigh of relief as the tension in her shoulders left her, now that the crab was further away from her.
Gratefully, Ariel looked up into the faces of Killian and the young maid who was the newest hire of Carlotta's and was taking over Ariel's old position, but this time, as the Princess and Prince's hearth keep.
"Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you, h-how did he…?" Her voice cracked and trailed off as she looked towards Chef Louis for confirmation, whose mustache bristled in indignation as his cheeks colored.
"Caught the petit bâtard scuttling about the hallway, couldn't have him frightening the girls, mademoiselle, begging your pardon, if I'd known he was yours then I'd have not," he grunted, his French accent heavy and thick, sounding disgruntled.
Killian's expression looked nonplussed, while the pretty maid merely looked relieved that the crab was now in the care of someone else and nowhere near her. His breaths caught in his throat as her hazel eyes fell upon Killian, her face registering what could only be described as immense embarrassment and frustration after the worst of her shock had finally dissipated. She reddened, barely able to draw in a breath through the paralyzing stunned shame that washed over her.
It felt as though all eyes in the corridor were riveted upon her, waiting to see how she would react, as she felt the master's future wife boring a hole straight through her. As all those in the young woman's life who had tried to wrench emotion from her, she'd not give them that satisfaction. She simply stiffened and turned her gaze away as she stepped towards Ariel.
"Milady, please forgive me, I–I'm sorry that I caused all this disruption to your morning, I...it was not my intention to cause such a ruckus," the young maid stammered as she ducked her head and gathered the skirts of her simple dress, sinking into a brief curtsy, seemingly unable to look either Ariel or Killian in the eye, though she felt eyes on her. Her blush intensified as she tried to pretend that she did not notice. "We-we should ah…get you back to your rooms, Princess, lest the master sees you. It is bad luck for the groom to see his bride before the ceremony, milady," she stuttered awkwardly.
Killian regarded the maid with sudden annoyance, a strange pressure seeping its way as warmth into the pit of his stomach, and then began spreading to his chest. He was skeptical of it at first, having not felt this for another woman since he'd first laid eyes on his beautiful Athena, his mermaid, his wife, but Killian came to understand that it was a good thing, something that he had not even known he had missed until now, something that he wanted to experience again, soon.
"It's at sunset," Killian protested, gesturing incredulously towards the window, hearing an annoyed edge to his hoarse voice that had not been there before. He almost flinched as he noticed Ariel's sky-blue eyes lighten with intrigue as understanding seemed to dawn in her eyes, though he hoped she would remain silent. Thank the gods, she did and had the sense to stay quiet. The housemaid realized she had offended him and offered a slight dip of her head.
"Forgive me, but it is the Prince's orders. And Carlotta's," she added, almost as an afterthought as she shrugged her shoulders. "I must begin preparing the Lady Ariel for the ceremony later," she explained, a brief apologetic look flitting through her hazel eyes as she met his gaze.
Killian frowned as the pretty maid paraded her back to him and began to guide Ariel down the hall, away from him, becoming impatient and frustrated, almost overwhelmed with the desire to spend more time with her.
In his mind, he wanted more time to linger, to at least learn her name. He wanted…to talk to her, to know that the pretty maid of Ariel's wasn't going anywhere, that he would see her later. His heart pounded wildly in his chest as he racked his brain for something–anything–to say to the maid that would keep the two women here, for a moment longer.
He did not want her to move away. Killian could not explain the sudden, overwhelming sensation to be close to this woman. It was strange, confusing, but good. The pressure in his chest built.
He tilted his head, his eyes darting across the woman's pale face. At the very least, the beginnings of understanding were beginning to form slowly in his brain as his gaze met the woman.
Finally, he managed to regain control of his voice, and he could think of only one thing to ask, aside from the fact if she was alright and recovered from her scare.
"E-excuse me, milady, if I…if I sat at the banquet hall tonight, would you be my serving maid?" he asked.
His words were at least enough to inspire a response in the young woman, as the maid halted in her tracks and slowly turned around to regard him rather curiously.
Killian could not be sure, as the young brunette regarded him in silence for a moment that felt as though it lasted an eternity. The look she gave him was one of cautious trepidation and doubt etched upon her beautiful features and made him feel as tall as an ant. Her lips pursed in a thin line as her eyes raked up and down the pirate's slender form clad in black leather, making a quick scan of him. She was in the middle of seemingly trying to decide whether or not she could trust him or not, and it was only after glancing curiously to the side towards Ariel for confirmation, and seeing Ariel silently nod, saying she could trust him, that she looked back to him. She bit down on her bottom lip and wriggled her thin dark brows at him in a way that Killian found adorable and perhaps even flirtatious. It gave him reason to hope.
"I…yes, of course, I–I will," she stammered out, suddenly shy.
The young maid whose hazel eyes had somehow managed to entrap his gaze and hold him captive there must have eventually decided that Captain Killian Jones posed no real threat to her, as her bewitching eyes desperately searched his for the truth, prompting the captain to ask one more question of the woman he wanted to know more of.
"What's your name?"
Killian let out a relieved breath when the corners of the dark-haired maid's lips tugged upward into a soft, white smile that sent the pirate's heart careening into wild palpitations against his chest until he thought it'd burst. She eyed him bashfully from the corner of her lowered gaze.
When she spoke to him, the maid only offered one word, but for Killian, who had lost so much, it was more than enough.
"Hope. Hope Leveret."
Killian watched, the beginnings of a smile flitting across his face, the burden he had been carrying around these last several years since Athena's disappearance now lifted. For perhaps the first time since learning the truth of his first wife, he felt as though he could move on, make something of his future.
Perhaps….with lovely Hope, if she would have him by her side. Killian chuckled as Ariel peeked back over her shoulder as she still kept her pet crab cradled lovingly in her palms, and shot him a look of abject fear at whatever Hope and Molly, and Carlotta might have planned for her with the entire day of preparations that lay ahead of her. Killian smirked and chuckled, knowing whatever the three ladies were planning for the little princess bride would be lavish, luxurious, and done of love.
No one deserved to be indulged more than the daughter of Athena who bore the name she had always loved and had mentioned she would name her child if she had a daughter.
For a moment, Killian felt a pang of longing in his chest, wishing, perhaps inappropriately, that Ariel was his daughter, and Athena, her mother, as he smiled at the siren of the sea affectionately, longing and anticipation in his gaze as he flicked his gaze back towards lovely Hope, before turning and leaving her to the mercy of Molly and Carlotta and the other maids.
Killian stiffened as the sound of pairs of resonating footsteps coming down the hall from behind him reached his ears.
He almost let himself smile as he heard the Prince's voice speak to someone else, flustered and vexed to the point of agitation, impatient for the sun to set so that he could marry his bride. He did not even have to turn to know it was him.
"Do you think Ariel will like it?" Eric asked, fretting, as he came to stand alongside Killian, who turned and found himself staring face-to-face with the Prince of the castle and Athena's second husband. It was still a shock to see the king of the sea on land, barefoot though the wizened old man was, Triton had, it would seem, at least for this one night, swallowed his pride and he, along with Ariel's six other sisters, had set foot on land to allow themselves to partake in Ariel's wedding day.
"She will love it, young master," Grimsby replied, offering no answer to the Prince's pondering. Unaware, both men cocked their heads down in the same direction, studying the Princess's gift that Eric held in his hands.
"That's not what I asked," Eric mumbled to his Head of House, who did not elaborate.
"She will love it, Your Highness. You fret too much," King Triton's authoritative and booming baritone rent through the hallway. The father of the bride gazed sentimentally at the prized item that rested in Prince Eric's cupped palms as the younger man held it delicately, cradling a small brass key in his hands as though it would hold a new baby.
Eric's expression then became worried once more.
"I want it to be perfect. My-my wedding gift to her, Your-Your Majesty," Eric stammered, suddenly looking utterly terrified. "I-I don't want there to be any confusion as to my meaning." He almost flinched and pulled a face at the thought.
"I do not doubt in my mind that my daughter will understand its intended purpose," the King of the Atlantic Ocean tried to encourage his future son-in-law.
For a brief moment, the Prince of Ipswich and the King of the Atlantic Ocean made eye contact, and Eric, who was still becoming accustomed to the King's newfound acceptance of him, flinched slightly under the man's gaze.
However's, Triton's pale grey eyes were kind, as the edges of his closely-cropped white beard twitched as his lips curled in an accepting smile. Seeing the change in him, and feeling the turned merman bring up a hand and rest it on his right shoulder and give the appendage a light squeeze, he allowed himself to relax a bit.
He even semi-returned the man's smile with one of his own, though to Eric, it felt strained. He still made him incredibly nervous, not sure if his change in behavior towards him and humans, in general, were honest and true.
Yet Ariel, throughout the last several weeks as he had healed and followed Maggie's instructions to the brim, had told them that over the weeks leading up to this day, her father was beginning to change his attitude towards the human race, as a whole. Slowly, King Triton was coming to grips with the reality that his youngest daughter was forsaking her life as a mermaid and choosing to live out her future days as a human, with him, that the two of them harbored feelings for one another, and after tonight, Ariel would be his wife. He was even beginning to accept it as a fact.
As the men entered the room that had once been his as a young boy, the Prince marveled at the change in the surroundings, having not been allowed in to see the completed room until it was finished at Master Grimsby's orders.
The space now more closely resembled an outdoor play area than the Prince's old bed chambers.
The structure of the room had been opened up to create large open areas, just right for any children they might be blessed with to run as they grew, a room for them to play when the weather was bad enough they could not go outside.
There were soft lavish pillows and places for a small child to explore. Even the hearth of the fireplace had been enclosed with a wire cage, to keep little hands from the fire.
The walls were painted light blue and lavender, the colors of the sea, with golden and silver celestial bodies of the Prince's family crest. Seashells of various shapes and sizes, a homage to Ariel's underwater upbringing and former life as a mermaid, were also scattered and displayed prominently through the vast room.
Eric nearly jumped out of his skin as Triton moved to stand behind him, grasping onto the shoulders of the man who would, within hours, become his daughter's husband, and his kin, too.
"The symbols of this room signal unity between our two peoples. Where my grandchildren will grow and play. Of which I expect more than one," King Triton added, only a hint of fatherly warning in his voice as his brow furrowed as he looked at Eric expectantly.
Eric felt a light pink blush speckle along his cheeks as he numbly nodded, at a loss for what to say to Ariel's father.
Beside him, moving to stand on the opposite side, their shoulders nearly touching, Eric frowned and shot Killian Jones a withering look as he heard the handsome pirate cough to clear his throat, the noise a poorly disguised laugh.
Eric bristled, and the words were out of his mouth before he could stop himself from saying it.
"I saw you staring at her. At Hope, Jones," he blurted out with no semblance of tact, to which he was relieved to see, at least, his words had the desired effect, watching the smug expression plastered all over the pirate's face like wet paint promptly vanished, a look of mortification on the man's face.
Eric scowled, the edges of his mouth pinching downward, and turned away from the pirate and back toward Ariel's father.
Killian looked as though he wanted to argue, though all he said stiffly after a moment was, "A man would be lucky to find a woman like her in ten thousand lifetimes." Though no sooner than the words were out of his mouth did the pirate realize that something was horribly wrong. The young Prince was looking at Killian as though his newfound fascination with Ariel's replacement as their hearth keep was such a disappointment. Like he knew something of lovely Hope that Killian did not, that he had yet to discover for himself but now he needed to. All of Killian's senses were immediately on high alert.
The pirate straightened, curling his fingers of his one good hand left into a fist at his side.
"What, Highness? What? Why-why are you staring at me like that?" he scoffed cynically, rolling his eyes in disgust. "What's wrong with me fancying the girl? Have you some rule against fraternizing with your hired help, what…?"
Eric let out a shuddering breath, toying with the key to the room that was to belong to his and Ariel's future children someday, before turning on his heels and looking away, unable to bear the agony in the pirate's blue eyes.
"It doesn't matter." The Prince turned towards the door and started for it, ducking his head, suddenly ashamed. "I'm sorry I made a disparaging remark, Jones, it won't happen again, I just…I should be going then if–"
But Killian ran and threw himself in front of Eric, blocking the door at once. "Don't you dare, Your Highness," he growled, his blue eyes darkening and turning cerulean, glowering at the stricken Prince. "Don't you do this to me? What? What's so terrible about Hope that you're keeping something of her a secret from me? What's happened? What's wrong?"
Eric sagged and tiredly closed his eyes, breathing shakily through his nose. "Perhaps…it would not be so terrible to tell you. You did save Ariel's life," he mumbled quietly.
"I'm right here, Highness, you know," Killian snarled, his voice rising to match his angered tone. "All the muttering isn't helping you either. Tell me what the bloody hell is going on. Why shouldn't I see Hope later tonight? Hmm?"
Eric clenched his fists and drew in another deep breath. For a moment, the young Prince seemed at war with himself, as though debating whether or not to reveal the truth of his and Ariel's newest chambermaid, but he finally let out the breath that he had been holding in one long, heavy sigh, and took a step back away from the door and dropped into the rocking chair that had been the same his old nursemaid had used when he was little, the same chair that hopefully Ariel would sit in one day in the future to nurse their babes they would have together.
"Hope is dying," he blurted out, and then he flinched at how cold and impersonal his words sounded.
The news hit Killian like a slap in the face, ringing like a cracking palm against his cheek. "How?" Killian demanded flatly, though he could hardly manage to spit out the one-word question that now burned within his throat.
Eric smiled a little sadly, though it did not reach his blue eyes and let his shoulders sag downward in defeat. "The doctors don't know. She has maybe a year or two at best. She took the vacancy of Ariel's position to help support her family and send the wages to her aging parents and little sister, wanting them to be cared for, with whatever little time she has left. I've asked Carlotta to go easy on her duties and not give her anything too strenuous, but….from what John told me, our physician, it's going to get ugly. I just thought….I'd save you the pain by telling you, that you'd not get too attached."
Killian clenched his jaws and gritted his teeth, and still, Eric could not look at him. All the Prince could summon the strength on his throat to say to him was, "I'm sorry."
But Killian could not answer Eric.
He had no words left. He had nothing, as the revelation burned within him, hot and angry and sad.
"She has a year? Maybe two?" Killian eventually asked, flicking his gaze towards King Triton hopefully.
Triton flinched. "Without knowing the extent of her illness, pirate, my magic could be of little help to her."
Killian laughed bitterly. "Sometimes I wish that night my ship crashed against the rocks, that Athena would not have saved me. That had I been so fortunate enough to drown in the fathoms below. It seems the whole of Ipswich and the rest of the world would be better off. One less ruddy bloody pirate in the world, eh?" he snapped, with no semblance of warmth in his voice. His tone was frosty, and his blue eyes brimming with hurt, and Eric, Grimsby, and Ariel's father could see the shadow of agony under which Athena's first husband had lived underneath these agonizingly long years since his wife's death.
Eric's eyes widened, glassy and frightened. He had not intended for his new acquaintance, perhaps even at this point, a friend to him, to take the news quite so harshly. He had gone about delivering Hope's news all wrong.
"Don't say that!" Eric protested, vehemently shaking his head in protest, to which Killian was already shaking his head.
"Why not?" he barked hoarsely. "It's the truth, isn't it? And you've so longed to hear the truth from me, Prince, haven't you?" The words were spilling out of his mouth in a torrent before he could try to silence himself. "Well, then, have it now, from the mouth of Captain Jones himself," he spat bitterly, contempt dripping from his tone. "I'm not strong, Prince. I never was. I'm afraid, and always have been, ever since losing my brother, Liam, then Athena…Hope," he whispered, his voice cracking. 'I've fought for every single inch of life that I've ever had, every moment, every breath, and I've hated myself far more than you can comprehend for every second of it. I gambled e everything I had to assuage my fears, praying, hoping that somehow, Athena would still be alive, after all this time, that I could…hold her one last time, and I still lost. And what do I have now? A woman who I should be by rights denied to know, if she's just going to die at the end of two years, a woman whom I could perhaps love if she would let me, and who should never love me in return. But I…the alternative, of not being with someone that I could love, no matter how short, Your Grace, is unthinkable, Highness." It hurt him to breathe. It hurt to speak, to be standing here, alive, in front of Prince Eric, the old man, and Athena's second husband, crumbling before their eyes. Between heavy painful breaths, he spat, "Excuse me, Your Grace. I…I need…air. You know where to find me when the time comes, I'll be waiting for you. Your Highnesses," he growled courteously, gritting his teeth. The words trailed away into a half-choked sob, broken, ugly, and harsh in his ears. He could not stay here another moment. he felt as though the walls were closing in around him like he was about to crawl right out of his very skin.
So, without a word, before he could give the Prince or either older men the time to respond, to call for him to come back in utter defeat, he turned on the heels of his leather boots and stalked out of the room and was outside the Prince's castle, in the Courtyard before he could fathom it, undecided on where to go.
He filled his lungs with the sweet salt air and looked towards the window of the Princess's chambers, half-hoping…
The pirate frowned when the curtains of the Princess's bedroom remained still and unmoved.
Killian wanted someone to tell him that it wasn't stupid at all…that it wasn't stupid to harbor a romantic interest in a terminally ill young woman from the notion of spending what little time she did have left on this earth alone, wallowing in her misery and facing the nightmare that was sure to be her deteriorating condition on her own, with no one around.
At the whiff of the air that promised a storm and the spritzing of light raindrops beginning to moisten his face, Killian felt…free at last. Free of living under the shadow of the agony of Athena's death. Killian looked towards Ariel's curtained bedroom window for something he wanted to see but did not know what thing was, not just yet.
But then, he found it. The pirate knew he found it when, at the sight of the window's curtain fluttering just slightly, he could see the blurry but beautiful face of the petite maid. Hope, his Hope, if she would accept his companionship.
Her long dark brunette tresses seemed to glow even in the gray as a tempest blew in on the day of the Prince's wedding, as the maid opened the window to let air in. For a brief moment, they locked in a stare before the beautiful maid blushed and barricaded herself back behind the curtain, though it was all the encouragement Killian Jones needed.
And Killian swore he saw lovely Hope Leveret smile at him.

ARIEL stood nervously scrutinizing herself in the long dressing mirror in her chamber. Unused to such finery as her wedding gown, she wasn't sure whether or not to be pleased or petrified.
The dress she wore, according to Killian, had belonged to Athena when she had wed him. The dress was made of the finest blue cotton poplin, with a wide scooped neckline at the front that was still modest, a fitted bodice embellished with pleats, beading, faux pearls, and short trimmed top sleeves that gave way to graceful wing-like bell sleeves. It had hardly needed altering the first time she had tried the dress on when Killian had relinquished it to her possession just last week, gladly so.
The thought that she was marrying the man she loved in something that had once belonged to Mother comforted her, as she smoothed the fabric over her waistline, glancing lovingly at her sisters behind her.
She wondered what Mother would think of her today.
"Ariel, you are a vision," Attina gushed as her sister tucked a few wildflowers from the meadow of Ipswich into the bride's long red hair, which was intricately braided, flowers interwoven throughout her red tresses. "Surely, your Prince Eric will think that an angel sent by the gods themselves will meet him today," her older sister gushed, tears in her eyes.
Ariel nervously steadied herself, again unsure. Her face frowned once more as she turned back to her reflection.
"I hope you're right," she replied, trying to smile, though she felt completely out of place in such a delicate gown.
It was Molly who chuckled mischievously and broke the mood. "Your sister is right, Ariel. You are the perfect bride," she complimented warmly, tucking a lock of her chin-length blonde hair back behind her ear. She smiled. "This day is for celebrating. We should be giddy and giggly and telling each other the most delicious secrets."
"I agree," Carlotta laughed bawdily in an unladylike manner from her seat upon the freshly made mattress. "Such as if your pirate down there is as good in bed as he appears to be with a sword, Leveret." Her eyes flashed with playfulness, while Ariel's new chambermaid's gaze widened in shock, and a look of abject embarrassment.
Hope's angry blush colored her cheeks as she shook her head to herself and tried to brush off Carlotta's comments.
"I-it's nothing. A-a passing interest. The pirate could not take an interest in me, it's not...proper," she suggested in a cold and dismissive tone, a tone of finality in her sweet and shy voice that suggested to the other women to drop it. "Besides, this is the Princess's day, not mine," she said.
The maids and her sisters dissolved into chatter, though Ariel could hardly pay attention, her mind too focused on the ordeal ahead of her. Her heartbeat was strong in her throat.
They didn't let her wait any longer. As the sun had set, though the storm waging war on the elements outside had put a damper on their wedding which was to have taken place by the beachside, and was now moved into the Great Hall, there came a knock at her door.
Her father stood, dressed in regal robes, to receive her.
"It's time, daughter." Triton offered his arm to Ariel as his other daughters, Molly, Hope, and Carlotta, all stepped back to admire their handiwork and revel in the bride's beauty.
She nodded, and with one last look in the mirror at the reflection of the princess she was about to become and now looked the part, she was ready. At least on the outside.
Breathe, she thought, casting one last look in the mirror.
A beautiful and young bride, frightened to the bone of the bedding ceremony that would follow, later this evening.
He would see that during the night, and with inexperience, she knew not what to do when the time would come, and she could not change that, but Father did not have to see it, too.
Breathe. Ariel stared at herself until there was nothing left in her eyes until she could stand upright with her head held high until her hands stopped trembling. Until she was ready within. The moment she stepped out into the corridor, Father's extended arm greeted her. Swallowing down the worst of her nerves to the pit of her churning stomach, she tried to behave as Father and her six sisters expected of her, and together, arm-in-arm, they walked down the grand staircase that led into the Great Hall, where the wedding was to take place, as well as the feast that followed the ceremony.
Father was not only to bring her to the Hall but also to assist her in passing her to her future husband, as Triton never once let go of Ariel's arm when they reached the massive hall.
She looked up nervously along the aisle, a small gathering of people had already congregated to bear witness to the Prince's nuptials, though some, sorry to say, were only there to get a glimpse of the siren of the sea who had stolen Prince Eric's heart before the man had even known it was gone.
Her eyes followed the path, marked with carpet and burning lanterns for ambiance. Her eyes followed it until she reached the end of the long aisle, the rush of the blood in her ears too loud for Ariel to make out the whispers as she passed.
There he was, standing in front of a couple of candelabras, waiting for her, her Prince, her Eric. Her breath stalled in her chest, and glistening tears found her eyes as she saw him.
Clad in a flax black linen tunic and leather breeches with gold embroidery at the edges of his tunic, and his eyes were electric blue, and Ariel swore she thought she saw a speckle of blush momentarily appear high on the Prince's cheeks before he looked away. He held himself as though he had been waiting for her for a thousand years, he seemed as brilliant and intense as if the stars in the heavens were shining upon him. The faces of the guests who watched were blurs.
All Ariel saw was Eric, and all she knew was her love for him. It seemed to take an eternity to reach him.
Timidly, like a bashful boy, Eric stepped forward to receive his bride.
Killian, clad in a pair of borrowed black robes from someone, perhaps a passing monk in the village who tended the cathedral on the edge of town, looked more regal than she had ever seen the pirate look.
It did not escape Ariel's attention that his icy-blue gaze threatened to penetrate a hole into her new chambermaid, though Hope Leveret pointedly looked away as she moved to take her respective place alongside Molly and Kasper, bending down to affectionately pet the Prince's dog, Max, and tried to pretend she did not notice the pirate's interest in her.
Stoically, Killian cleared his throat, reluctantly tearing his gaze away from the beautiful brunette who seemed so icy cold and distant, and raised his hand to signal the beginning of the ceremony as the officiant this eve. Killian looked out over the crowd, his gaze lingering on Hope's for a moment, before looking back to the Prince and his bride.
"My Lords and Ladies of Ipswich and beyond this realm, we stand here in the sight of the Gods and men and merfolk alike to witness the union of man and wife. One flesh, one heart, one soul, forever."
"Let it be known that I, in the sight of the gods, I seal these two souls, binding them as one entity for all eternity, and cursed be he or she who would seek to tear them apart," Killian declared, an edge to his voice.
Ariel and Eric studied one another knowingly, memories of all they had endured together running through their thoughts, and they let Killian continue, though neither of them paid attention to what words were exchanged, coming out of their stunned stupor only long enough to exchange rings, promises, and seal their union as husband and wife with a fiery kiss.
Eric wound his arm around Ariel and drew her tightly to him as Ariel nestled into his embrace as their lips met.
It was not their first kiss, but easily the most glorious, soft and slow, full of promises. Losing themselves in the moment, it was as if the entire world had disappeared, and all that had conspired to keep them apart had ultimately failed.
The reluctance in which they had once hidden their feelings, and the mistakes they had made only served as minor hindrances to their blissful happiness that would endure throughout the ages.
At last, they shared each other as husband and wife, and they would never need to give each other up again.
When Eric finally parted from their kiss that sealed their bond, the Prince was not quick to do. Again, he kissed his new wife, gently, before pulling off and sighing into her lips like he was courting them in the most romantic way possible.
He opened his eyes to catch her already opened ones before moving to press his lips on her forehead, and wound his arm around his waist and guided his Princess towards the waiting tables laden with delicacies, local and foreign, and none of the dishes containing fish, to celebrate in the marriage festivities with his wife. Eric reached down his hand and took hers, giving her left hand a light and reassuring little squeeze, smiling shyly as the rest of their guests bid them congratulations.
"You look good wearing my future, Princess," he murmured, whispering his words into the shell of her ear that sent a tremor of pleasure down her spine as she turned to look at him as he kept his gaze fixated on the yellow gold ring she now wore. A smile snaked its way across her made-up features, her first genuine smile in what felt like weeks, truly. Ariel closed her eyes and rested her head against the crook of Eric's shoulder as she allowed the man to lead her out of the festivities in the Great Hall a moment, claiming that he had a surprise for her, but that they would rejoin the wedding feast soon.
When he opened the door to the room that she recognized had been his old childhood room, she gasped.
Shadows played hide and seek along the walls of their living room as the fire in the hearth flickered lazily.
A five-pronged candleholder was lit on a small wooden table, next to a slice of a delectable-looking slice of grain cake and what looked like a tin decanter of wine that was as crimson as blood.
"Carlotta and Molly cleaned it for us while we were getting ready," came Eric's quiet voice from behind as she felt his arms snake around her middle and rest on the flat of her stomach. She closed her eyes as the Prince tenderly rested his chin on her shoulder. "Do you like it?" he asked, referring to the room that had been refurbished for their future children.
She nodded and looked around before squirming in his gaze to better look Eric squarely in the eye.
My new husband, she thought, a smile flitting across her face. "Yes."
"Good." His voice echoed in the otherwise desolate room. "I want my new wife to be happy," he said, pressing his lips to hers for another gentle kiss.
At his last word, his voice crackled slightly, but Eric quickly recovered. But not before Ariel had heard it. Her brows furrowed into a frown. "Are you alright, Eric?" she asked, concerned.
"I'm worried about him. About Killian. He's…ah…taken an interest in Hope, Ariel. I told him the truth of her," Eric confessed, a pained look flitting across his face, after a moment in silence, with the two of them content to just take a seat on the rug in front of the fireplace, with Eric nursing a glass of wine and Ariel instead sipping at her ice water. Ariel nodded, confirming his suspicions. Eric sighed, hoping to supplicate his new wife. "We can try to talk to them tomorrow if you want."
Ariel nodded, but then she shook her head no. "He won't see us, I saw how Hope looked at him," she mumbled, curling her hands around her goblet of water, and staring at the ice cubes clinking in the glass. "I can almost guarantee you he'll try to turn us away, and we'll have no choice but to listen to him. He's made it clear he wants to be left alone, but…"
Her face twisted in grief as she took a sip of water in the hopes of soothing her burning throat before setting her cup aside. "I'm worried about him. He's never…" She hesitated, unsure of how much of her friend's background she could reveal, thinking it wasn't her business. "He deserves his happiness, Eric, after everything he's been through, and done for us. Will you talk to him for me, Eric? I could speak with Hope, b-but…I think Killian listens to you, he respects you now, as an equal," she stammered, a light pink blush speckling along her cheeks as she thought of the pained expression he'd given her the night he'd summoned up enough courage to tell her how he had felt about her mother.
Before she knew it, her face was barely an inch away from Eric's and she mustered the courage to look into the man's eyes before closing them as the newlyweds lingered in the anchorage of the warmth they gave off. Their foreheads stayed rested against one another, their lips in a near-lock, and their fingers entwined so that the gold of their wedding bands sparkled in the red and orange light from the fire in the hearth. Eric broke the silence, begrudgingly so.
"Of course, I will, but on one condition…" he paused, trailing off as he leaned in to press his lips to hers. "That you worry about what happens tomorrow when the morning comes, and for tonight, we're husband and wife for the first time, so let's not waste it?"
Slowly, he lifted his hands to Ariel's warm cheeks and pressed his lips to hers when she nodded, and she was more than willing to welcome them.
Eric ran his fingers through her long red tresses and held her behind her neck before pressing his weight on her further until they rested on the rug in front of the fireplace, eager to spend their first night together as husband and wife...
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  CHAPTER 23 + Epilogue
THE following morning, unaware of her monarchs' plan to talk with her regarding the pirate who seemed to have taken an interest in her, Hope Leveret was wrathfully dressing for her day's chores in front of the hearth in her room, having bolted upright from a strangely sensual dream regarding the man from last night with the eyes like the piercing blue of the sea. Her cheeks burned as she furiously ran a brush through her hair, pulling it up into a loose messy chignon with a braid at the back that showed off the woman's elegant neck. She felt foolish, and powerless against her thoughts.This would not happen again. It could not. Given how much time the castle's physician had estimated her to have left alive on this world, she knew that it could not.She would fill her mind with the task at hand and ensuring to the Prince and Princesses' needs.Nothing and no one, especially not this pirate, handsome though he was, would interfere with her work. Her family needed the wages that this job was graciously providing her.Once she had fully dressed for the day's chores in her simple ivory chemise and dark forest green overdress, slipping into her worn and scuffed clogs, she gathered her belongings, shoved her emotions once more to the pit of her stomach, and strode proudly out of her new chambers, the rumpled sheets of her bed in the room and the now-dead fire in the hearth left as the only witnesses to her mind's weak spot.Hope marched with authority towards the kitchens. She would see to the delivering of the Prince and Princesses' meals herself for breakfast this morning.Though she did not expect to find the lady Ariel already waiting for her, nor for the pirate to be deep in conversation with Prince Eric.The pirate was leaning against a wall nearby, his arms folded across his chest, his brows furrowed into a heavy scowl, though his expression brightened considerably the moment his gaze landed and lingered on Hope as she stood in the doorway.It was obvious the lot had been talking, and most probably about her, since the second she strode into the kitchens to stand near her monarchs, they went quiet."Hope." Eric greeted their newest chambermaid with a cordial smile, to which Hope returned the Prince's nod."Your Highness…" She began, and then remembered that the Prince insisted that he be called by his first name, the same went for his wife. "I-I mean…Eric, good morning," she stammered, mentally kicking herself for her error, her cheeks flushing.That was not like her. Thankfully, he didn't seem to notice, or if he did, he was good at hiding it and didn't care.The pirate, who had busied himself pretending to preen at his nails, all the while studying her out of the corner of his lowered gaze with a devilishly handsome smirk tugging the corner of his lips upwards, straightened his gait and gave her a dazzling white smile that made the young maid's heart flutter unexpectedly in her stomach."Good morning to you, my lady." Killian grinned. "Did you sleep well?" he questioned, stepping forward and swiping an apple off a nearby tray that had been intended for the Prince, who had been about to take a bite, though shot the pirate a withering look as the man stole his fruit.Hope was visibly startled at the pirate's question. What in the seven bloody hells had he meant by that?Did he know about…her dream? No. He couldn't have. Surely not. Her cheeks flushed red at the memory, though the maid recovered quickly and gave the devilishly handsome pirate a nervous acknowledgment, tucking back a lock of her hair that had come loose from her bun back behind her ear."Ah. Yes, I did. Thank you," she said, perhaps a little too quickly than she would have liked, and immediately turned away from the trio of friends now looking at her, though she felt their eyes on her as she paraded her back to them while she set about preparing Ariel's breakfast. She checked and re-checked the food the chef was piling onto the tray in her hands to keep busy and avoid conversation. Hope had already decided she would be kind and gracious enough however long the pirate remained in the company of the Prince and his new wife, but she would remain appropriately aloof.Hope was certain that would send the correct message, that she was not interested in a romantic rendezvous with the man, as handsome as the pirate was, she could not allow herself to get emotionally attached to the man. Honestly, Hope knew of no other way.She tried not to notice how Killian Jones' gaze bore a hole through her, or the amused little smirk the pirate shot in Prince Eric's direction.Hope could no longer hold her curiosity. "Why do you want to spend time with me so bad, Jones?" she balked. "Why are you so determined to make you mine? I'm assuming you know of my…condition. It's going to get ugly, no one should have to bear witness to that," she stammered, her cheeks flushing red in anger and outrage as she steadily lifted her gaze to look the pirate in the eye, to find herself now alone in the kitchens with the pirate.She startled a bit at that, wondering where the Prince and Princess had got to.Killian looked taken aback for a moment, but then he recovered. "I…because…the alternative is unthinkable," he admitted after a moment.Hope felt her breaths catch in her throat and her chest tighten a bit.The man's words were sheer poetry. No one had ever spoken to her in that way before, and to think, she had almost thrown all of this away out of fear."Because…I want you to put humanity into some kind of perspective, Hope. Come with me. I have plenty of room on the ship. Please," he begged.She blinked owlishly at him, her mind still struggling to process his words. Because the alternative is unthinkable...And then, she realized that it was. "I…very well," Hope stuttered, hardly daring to believe the words that were coming out of her mouth.She was sure she looked shocked but less so than she initially expected to be, and the fact that Jones was smiling at her had to be a good sign, right?His affection-filled eyes met hers, gleaming with moisture that at first Hope believed were the man's tears, but now, she was not so sure of that."Are you sure?" he whispered, breathless, sounding as though he could hardly believe it. "Is this…is me, what you want, Hope? I...I do not want to force you into this if this is not what you envision for your life, but you can either spend whatever time you have left here, in this castle, dying slowly and watching your life pass before your eyes, alone or...you can spend it with me and be loved," he asked, stepping forward and reaching up a hand to gently caress the maid's pale face.For a moment, Hope was struck speechless. She could not speak, could not think, all the maid was able to do was nod, unable to tear her gaze away from the pirate's.Though she swore she felt eyes on her as the castle's chef made his way across the room, she tried her best to ignore it.She was awestruck by the lengths Killian Jones seemed to genuinely care for her.The fact the pirate had asked her to come with him and spend whatever time she had left on this world with him suggested to her he had no intentions of making her just another conquest, another notch on his belt.The fact that he had asked her if she was sure of her answer told her that he had wanted Hope to be completely assured of her feelings towards his request, and comfortable with having a man like him in her life. Suddenly, his question became quite clear. Jones was asking if she would stay with him.Perhaps, even marry her, if things progressed to that.Hope exhaled a shuddering breath and took a moment to mirror the pirate's motions and brought her hands to his face. She did not give a damn if Chef Louis or anybody else for that matter were watching them right now. Let them see, she thought. Let them all see, she told herself."I'm sure," she declared in a voice that was laced to the brim with conviction, smiling softly at Killian, fresh tears stinging at the edges of her blurred vision."I swear, Hope," he passionately vowed. "I won't let Athena's fate become yours," Killian vowed, his voice barely above a whisper. "I care for you, Hope. More than I have for anyone else in a long time. With everything that I am, Hope Leveret, though I may not be much for you at all," he admitted, his facial expression twisting and contorting with grief.Hope sighed softly as Killian lifted his one good hand, allowing the appendage to ghost over the skin of her cheek. She wished she could tell the pirate that he was more than enough, but she did not have the words.Her eyelids fluttered closed as his hand delicately wiped away the remaining tears that were clinging to her lashes. Before she could open her eyes to look at the handsome pirate, something warm and coarse without warning pressed themselves against her lips. Hope's eyes flung wide open with the realization that he was kissing her, and it took the maid three point eight seconds to realize that she was kissing him back. She fought the urge to press back, knowing that right now, it might just be too much.For now, just keeping still and trying to relax was more than enough. She wanted to keep things slow, for both of them. But, perhaps, a little pressure would not overwhelm him? Breathing slowly through her nose, Hope inhaled a deep breath and gently returned the pressure at her lips.His reaction was slightly startled, though the low wanting moan she heard him give out was real, and for a moment, she thought he'd gone too far. Yet, when she tried to pull away from the embrace, Killian's good hand buried itself in her long dark tresses, loosing her strands free of the pins that put it up in its bun, letting her long dark hair fall to her shoulders, cupping the back of Hope's head, and stilling her movements."It is alright, Hope…." he murmured, pulling away so Hope could see Killian. His face was flushed a bright crimson and he certainly looked nervous. He let his hand fall from her hair and awkwardly let it rest by his side, appearing rather sheepish, as though he'd overstepped. "I…I…I didn't mean to…I'm sorry," he trailed off in a quiet, subdued voice, his eyes suddenly finding the floor at his boots more intriguing.Hope exhaled a shuddering breath and expelled it noisily, as her brain tried to make sense of the situation. She'd rather enjoyed their kiss. Yet, Killian was looking so unsure of himself, and she fought for the right answer that would hopefully put the poor man's mind to rest now.She sighed gently and stepped forward, resting one of her hands on his burning cheek, carefully coaxing the handsome pirate to look down at her."How do you feel, Jones?" she asked, her face flushed. "Did you…feel comfortable?" Her blush intensified as the pirate nodded his affirmative. She returned the nod with one of her own and smiled softly. "Then that is what matters. We will go as slow as we need, so…don't feel rushed. Besides, I…I rather like it this way," she admitted, her smile widening as her hand drifted down and cradled overtop the man's stump. He shuddered in pleasure as her fingertips traced along its edges. Killian gazed at the young chambermaid in astonishment for several moments, and then, to her relief, the pirate's hardened expression softened into admiration and perhaps even adoration for Hope. He wound his arms around the woman's slender waist, pulling her closer."If you are comfortable with this, with me, then I am. I'll go as slow as you need, Luv, you need never feel rushed around me, Hope," he vowed.Her gaze flitted over her shoulder towards Ariel and Eric, both of whom were smiling at them as their hands were intertwined together, looking happy that their friend appeared to have found his happiness in her, however fleeting their time together would be."Are you ready?" he asked, leaning forward and whispering into the shell of the brunette's ear. "We should go tell them of our news, that we cannot stay. I'd like to leave. I think I want to take you to see Greece first."Ariel nodded as they approached with their arms wound around one another, with Killian shooting her a look that needed no words.She knew the man's intentions. The look he gave her caused something within her chest to start to tighten and constrict as she felt Eric nudge beside her, standing shoulder-to-shoulder alongside his wife, careful not to jostle her on accident.She was certain this was the only time the two of them would look upon the two of them together like this, and she wanted to make it count."We're…happy for you," Ariel whispered hoarsely, blinking back briny tears, not wanting her new husband to see his wife shed tears, though the only comfort she could assuage herself was at least her husband felt the strain too, as she heard him make an odd, strangled noise out of the back of his throat. "Be safe. Enjoy your time together.""I will," he promised, clinging to Hope's arm, who shot him a knowing little smile. His gaze softened as he looked towards Eric. "It's a good look for you, Your Highness, being a husband," he said softly, motioning towards Ariel held tenderly in the Prince's arms as his hands were snaked around his Princess's small waist. "I'm glad you were able to...put your past behind you and start over. You deserve it. You're a good husband to her, Prince Eric."Eric blinked in surprise at the pirate's compliment though he was given now time as the pirate bounded forward with alarming speed and engulfed both of them in a rib-crushing hug. Killian rested his chin on Ariel's shoulder, breathing in the scent of apples and rosewater, thinking he'd have a story to tell for sure when he returned."I'll miss you. I hope that you both take good care of each other," he croaked out in a hoarse voice, pulling apart to study his new acquaintances, perhaps even friends at this point, at arm's length, wishing there was another way. That he could bring them with him.Though he knew with their duties here in Ipswich, there was no way. He swallowed down past the lump in his throat and turned away, waving one last time to the Prince and Princess as escorted Hope out of the castle and towards the courtyard to head to the ports to make for his ship that was waiting docked in the harbor. He hoped someday, somehow, to bring Hope back to visit them.No matter what.MOONS had passed since Killian had left with Hope, and still, without fail, as she did every evening, Ariel stood at the beachside hoping to spot the pirate's ship in the distance.She and Eric had received correspondence from them from several places.Greece, Egypt, and the last she had heard of him and Hope, they were visiting somewhere in Romania, where it was supposed there was a wise woman there, a witch skilled in arts that surpassed even Maggie's skills, that could seek to cure the pirate's new wife. Killian had been right to be patient with Hope. In time, she made him a good wife.You're a strange man, Jones, but…I hope to see you again one day. Thank you, Killian. I won't forget all that you've done, she thought to herself, hoping that in his way, the man could hear her, wishing to thank him for all that he'd done. She liked to think he heard her, in his way.Molly's soft voice broke Ariel out of her thoughts as she shifted baby Klaus in her arms.The baby had been a surprise, with Molly announcing her pregnancy not long after Eric and Ariel were wed, that she and Kasper were to become parents, and had since given birth to a beautiful strapping baby boy and had made Carlotta and Grimsby proud doting grandparents who spoiled the boy at every given opportunity."Can I um, ask you a personal question, Molly?" Ariel began softly, sounding unsure."Sure, what's wrong?" Molly shrugged casually, turning on her heels to head back inside the castle, sensing her best friend wished to speak to her alone. She shot Kasper a quizzical look and furrowed her eyebrows as she silently passed Klaus off to Prince Eric, who doted on his young godson. "We'll be up in a bit," she promised, slinging an arm around the young redhead's shoulder, and pulling Ariel close.The pair of young women turned away from their husbands before the men could protest, heading inside and walking down the corridor towards Carlotta's chambers in search of spare food. Molly was hungry and hadn't eaten lunch, too consumed in caring for her babe, though Ariel could not help the rolling queasiness in her stomach as they neared the kitchen and her nose caught the unmistakable scent of what smelled like boiled mutton, wafting through the air.Her nose decided she could go no further, and she halted in her tracks, breathing slowly through her nose and trying not to vomit. Ariel twisted the wedding ring she proudly wore on her finger to calm her trembling, her breaths catching in her throat.Suddenly, she couldn't seem to find her words as she desperately searched her brain. "I…when did you realize you were…?" She couldn't even manage to form a coherent thought. "When did you first realize you were pregnant?" she whispered in an earnest voice, lashes lowered.Molly's face immediately brightened as her lips tugged upwards into a bright white smile."Oh, Ariel, this is wonderful news! Do you think that you might be….?" It was Molly's turn to be rendered more or less mute. She was so excited for her friend that she couldn't finish her thoughts."I—I don't know," Ariel admitted breathlessly. Seeing Molly's dawning excitement only made Ariel even more nervous about her possible condition. "I haven't…felt like myself for a few weeks," Ariel relayed, her cheeks flushing high with color. She swallowed the lump in her throat as bile rose to her throat. "Well, I feel sick all the time. My stomach's always upset. It feels like most days I can barely keep anything down."Realizing her hands were shaking, she fidgeted with the ribbon in her hair and tumbled her hair from its bun, raking her fingers through her long red tresses in agitation.Molly slowly nodded in understanding."Forgive my candor, my friend," she blurted out as a blush of her own, "but are you sore?"Ariel nodded, lifting her chin. "Yes," she agreed, cringing a little bit.Molly felt a surge of warmth in her chest and was barely able to contain her excitement. She reached out happily and latched her hand around Ariel's arm and squeezed it. She breathed in hopefully, looking fervently into her best friend's eyes. "When was your last moon's blood? Have you bled at all?" Molly said."Two months ago," Ariel whispered, a look of abject shock and horror on her face. "Oh, no," she whispered, knowing that it had to be true. She was pregnant. She was sure of it. "I—I haven't mentioned any of this to Eric," she croaked out in a hoarse, faint voice. "I didn't want to trouble him if it was nothing or get his hopes up.""I understand," Molly said slowly, nodding her head at her best friend's words. "I want John to look at you immediately. Right now," she said."I, do what now? You want…John…to..." Ariel's face drained of color at the very thought. "Oh, gods, Molly, NO! He—he can't keep a single secret! Is this necessary?!" she squeaked, her pretty features twisting in pained embarrassment. "Isn't there someone else?!""Oh, hush, now, John will be perfectly discreet." Molly looked at Ariel in concern. "And it is necessary, my friend. To make sure everything is alright and progressing as it ought.""In other women, yes, but I didn't think it would ever happen to me!" Ariel squealed."Well, it probably has, and I'm not taking no for an answer. You'd tell me the same thing were I in your shoes, and you know it. Come," Molly said, dragging Ariel down the hall.Molly was almost squealing in inner delight. Finally, her baby would grow up with a child a year or two younger to play with and befriend. Taking a few steps, Ariel glanced at Kasper's wife out of the corner of her eyes. Molly's smile was infectious as she led Ariel towards John's quarters.Getting a good look at Molly's expression, Ariel was almost certain what John would tell her, and for the first time, allowed hope and excitement to seep its way into her heart as Molly closed the door to the castle's physician's room behind them.FIFTEEN minutes later, having emerged from the castle physician's chambers and fetched Eric in the corridor downstairs after Molly had patiently sat with Ariel as John questioned her about the conditions of her illness and confirmed their suspicions, Ariel waited until they were safely secured behind the privacy of the closed bedroom door, with Eric protectively engulfing Ariel in his strong, guarding arms, clearly worried for her.He kissed her forehead, partly to comfort his wife, and as well as to check for signs of fever.He'd not liked the look his wife had shot him when she had called for him in the hallway.Ariel snuggled into his sheltering and protective grasp, enjoying Eric's nearness and eager to share the news that John had shared."Now will you please tell me what's wrong?" Eric begged, almost near hysterics. "What is it that's upsetting you? Are you sure you're not sick?" He fell silent as Ariel caressed his strong jawline, the pads of her fingertips tracing their way along his stubble, nestling her face against his.She held him tightly for a long moment. Her heart wanted to burst with love, not only for him but now for their child as well. "Nothing is upsetting me, Eric. I'm just fine, sweetheart." She assured him. The tears in her eyes would have contradicted her words, but even those fell upon her happy smile."But…I do not understand." He told her, trying to force all he had seen to make sense.Ariel took hold of Eric's calloused hand and led him to the bed. She bid him sit. Her request only made him more anxious, but he complied. Ariel moved into the space between his legs. Holding his hands, she bent to him and kissed his lips lovingly. He found his eyes brimming with tears to match hers in his uncertainty. Pulling her lips from his, she gazed at him. "I love you." She declared boldly.Any other time, Ariel's display of affection would have had him already peeling off his leathers and tackling her to the mattress.He was far too worried about her now to do anything but stare. He tried to smile as he answered her, his voice cracking with emotion."I love you, too." He told her. "Please, what is it, then?" He begged. "What's wrong, Ariel?"Unable to tolerate his worry and incessant fretting any longer, and excited to tell him the news. She lightly took Eric's left hand and laid it gently atop her still flat abdomen. Holding it there, her eyes pleaded with him to understand. She swallowed with anticipation, her heart racing."I carry your child," Ariel announced, happy tears beginning to flow once more. "I…I'm pregnant, Eric," she whispered.Eric sat, staring at her for a moment, feeling her stomach now brimming with the life he had put there. His face registered his surprise, which slowly gave way to pure joy.Eric remained silent for a moment, freeing his hands, and lifting one to her cheek, gently caressing it in an absent-minded way.Ariel still felt as though she were in too much pain and vulnerable to be having this conversation right now, though considering Eric knew, there was no time like the present, and she knew if they didn't talk through it now, they probably never would. She swallowed down hard and waited for his reaction.Right now, however, the gentle way he caressed her face and stomach, she felt as if Eric were the more vulnerable one, not her.She noticed all the small details. The way he squeezed tightly onto her hands, clinging to her like a lifeline as if he were afraid that if he let go, he'd never have her again or the tender way he caressed her cheek spoke of his relief that Ursula had not killed her."How do you feel about it?" Eric asked hoarsely after a moment, his thumb sliding down to her jaw and he paused it. Ariel paused, not having anticipated that would have been the question that he would have asked. Good, that much was true."I'm happy," she answered, allowing a faint ghost of a smile to flit across her cracked and bruised lips. "A—are you?" she asked. Eric merely gazed at Ariel for a moment, this eerie icy-blue stare of his reaching deep into her soul, seeking the truth. "How do you feel about it, Eric? We never—we never talked about it, about what we wanted, or what to do about this," she murmured, deciding to throw Eric's question back at him, looking at him with the same icy-blue intensity, wanting the truth.She drew in an abated breath and waited for his answer. The corners of Eric's mouth twitched upwards in a smile, one of several she had seen on the man since she had gone with him, of her own volition, not wanting to be alone, and it was the second she had seen this evening. Eric's thumb slowly outlined the edges of her lips, and Ariel couldn't repress the shudder of anticipation that went down and up her back at the sudden, unexpected intimate gesture.Hesitating no longer, Eric scooped Ariel into his arms and buried his face in the crook of her shoulder, careful to be mindful of her injuries, though he realized what he had done. Almost as quickly as he had embraced her, Eric pulled away."I—I'm glad, Ariel. More than you know," he whispered, suddenly glancing at his wife with a furtive, guilty look. His face registered his alarm at his unexpected actions. "Did I—did I hurt you?" Eric begged, his hand drifting to settle over her stomach.Ariel laughed out loud, unable to help it. "No." she beamed. "I'm…we're fine, Eric," she reassured, her hand rubbing his hair.Eric nodded, sinking to his knees on the floor again as the last vestiges of his strength left him, his face paling as he pulled Ariel to him.He lowered his face and wrapped his arms around her, placing his lips tenderly against her stomach.Then, without waiting for Ariel to ask him what her husband thought he was doing, he closed his eyes and pressed his ear to her abdomen, straining as if he thought he could hear the tiny heartbeat of their baby inside of his beloved wife. Enjoying the raw emotions he was showcasing in front of her, Ariel smiled and cradled his head against hers. She felt a single tear of joy seep from his eye and run down her skin.The two allowed themselves to be lost in their affection for one another for God only knew how long."What? A baby? A—are you sure, Ariel? A…a baby?" He asked, unsure he had heard correctly.Ariel simply nodded her affirmative. "John says I'm two moons along," Ariel informed him with a sweet proud grin, as she laid her hand over his. Hesitating no longer, Eric stood and scooped Ariel into his arms. He let out a cry of pride as he spun her around in a joyful swirl.Suddenly he realized what he had done. Almost as quickly as he had gathered her up, he set her down again much more gently."I'm sorry." His face showed his alarm at his actions. "Did I hurt you?" He begged, gently touching her belly.Ariel laughed out loud. "No." She beamed. "I'm...We're fine. I'd tell you otherwise." She assured him, her hand softly rubbing her middle. "I'm sorry." She lowered her eyes. "I did not want to tell you until I was sure. I didn't…want to tell you until I was sure, and… if this is something you'd want."Eric pulled Ariel to him. He sunk to his knees before her, regretting that she had faced her fears alone. The relief was evident on his face that her worries had not been caused by the memory of someone else. He lowered his face, and wrapping his arms about her, placed his lips softly against her stomach.Then he pressed his ear to her abdomen, straining as if to hear the tiny heartbeat of their child inside his beloved wife. Enjoying his emotions, Ariel cradled his head against her. She felt a tear seep from his eye and run down her skin. They allowed themselves to be lost in their affection for a long while, just content to bask in their happiness, not caring what the future would bring, thinking they would deal with it if and when the time came.For now, they had each other, and that was more than good enough.ERIC was not sure how much bloody more of this he could take."Breathe, Ariel, just breathe!" Eric flinched as he heard another hoarse cry come from the opposing room despite Molly's soothing tone, and a midwife as well. Months after their wedding and their babe was finally making his or her way into the world. He wrung his hands until they hurt. Eric jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder and turned at the waist to see a sympathetically smiling Kasper. He swallowed down past the lump in his throat."She's going to be fine, Eric," the taller stockier man murmured in a quiet voice. "Your wife is strong. Stronger and tougher than anyone ever thinks to give credit for.""But gods damn it, Kasper, it sounds like she's been tortured! Can't the midwife do something to help my wife?" he shouted, upon hearing an especially loud groan from Ariel causing the poor Prince to flinch.She was in such excruciating pain, how could she possibly be all right? And all the while, he heard Molly's voice, perfectly calm, coaching Ariel to breathe and just relax."I'm afraid not, Eric. Ariel is too far into her labor at this stage. She's just going to have to endure the pain. Trust me, I suggested slipping a little brandy into her tea last night, but Molly shot it down. She said it would only make Ariel sleepy and not able to have the strength to push when the time comes," Kasper said.Eric nodded and gave a light laugh, though it didn't mask the worry in his voice.Her pains were coming sooner, lasting longer, and gripping Ariel harder as the hours passed.Whenever one would seize her body, Ariel would try valiantly to breathe through the spasms and steel her body against them, but she could not keep down the desperate, pain-filled moans from her escaping throat.A bloodcurdling scream sounded from their bedroom and Eric tore himself from looking out the window.Eric couldn't take it anymore, bolting from where he had been sitting against the ledge of the windowsill and barreled into his bedroom, ignoring the startled protests of Molly and the midwife, wanting to be by Ariel's side."Eric, thank the gods," Ariel whispered, her blue eyes burning bright with tears as she lifted her head to meet his gaze, her husband not wasting a split second more as he bolted to their bedside and gripped onto Ariel's hand.'For what?" he asked hoarsely, brushing her sweat-drenched bangs out of his wife's eyes. "I have—"But his wife cut him off before Eric could protest, her voice choked with emotion as Ariel tried to find words to adequately express her gratitude for what Eric had done for her.What he had, by marrying her, given back to her."I—I don't know what I would do without you here," Ariel whispered. "I don't think I can do it without you by my side," she whispered, her voice and face pained.Eric shook his head in disagreement as he held Ariel's face to his, their foreheads resting against one another."Oh, no, my love," he tenderly corrected her, with a wide grin. "I'm the one who ought to be thanking you," he breathed in a breathless voice, the tears in his eyes matching hers. "You've given me…" he began, resting his hand over her swollen abdomen. "Everything I ever want." He stared into Ariel's bright blue eyes, his heart in his chest feeling like it was damn near close to bursting. "You and our baby are my whole world now." His white smile was so warm and filled with contentment that for a moment, Ariel forgot about her labor, and about Molly and the midwife commanding her to focus on nothing else. "I love you, Ariel," Eric whispered lowly.Ariel focused her tired eyes solely on her husband. "I love you too," she declared quietly, her hand resting over the Eric's, which was still firmly on her stomach. "And our baby," she sighed, sounding exhausted.Eric nodded, squeezing onto Ariel's hands, and apparently, that was just enough for another contraction to come through.A half-hour later, with Eric soothingly whispering remarks into the shell of her ear, Kasper helping by fetching fresh towels and hot water when needed, and Molly and their local midwife at the foot of their bed calmly commanding Ariel to not fight it, her labor progressed quickly, and their baby was ready to make its way into the world."Ariel, Ariel, love, stop crying, and look at me, look into my eyes!" Molly's tone was harsh but confident, and it allowed Ariel to focus through the haze of agony that she found herself in.This was bloody it, the moment she and Eric would meet their baby. A passing fear wracked its way through her for a moment and then was replaced with the same fierce determination Ariel had been feeling the last few months. The powers of nature and existence took over, and with a force, Ariel didn't even know she had left in her, Ariel began to bear down hard, pushing their baby out of her womb and into the world.The burning, stretching pain was worse than anything she had ever felt in her life, but it did not stop her. Ariel propelled herself onwards, feeling their baby's head begin to emerge between her legs.From the bottom of their bed, she saw Molly and the midwife shoot her an encouraging smile, and Ariel took that as a good sign."That's it, Ariel, I see it! The top of your baby's head is showing, black hair, just like its father! Keep pushing, I need you to push, keep going, it's almost over!"Ariel struggled and pushed, gritting her teeth as she bore down hard, grunting and breathing rapidly until at last, she heaved one final groan, and though Eric couldn't see it, could hear the sound of release, Ariel's one-last harrowing torturous scream replaced by the precious sound of their baby's first angry cry."You are a mother, Ariel! To a beautiful baby girl! Verena, look how pretty she is!" Molly gushed happily."Lass, we can look at her later! Take the towel and clean her off! Oh, but Your Highnesses, she is beautiful. Congratulations, you two!" the midwife said.Eric felt tears well in his lids as he glanced at their infant daughter's bloodied and scrunched up, squalling face, only seconds old, though he tore his gaze away from their child and looked towards Ariel to see how his wife fared.She was pale and tired against the bed, her blue eyes red-rimmed and cracked at the edges, utterly bloodshot, the color drained from her face, strands of her red hair stuck to her forehead, but she was smiling in the way that only a mother could, and she didn't bother to stifle back her half-choked sob as Molly silently handed the swaddled blanketed bundle to Ariel and Eric."She's beautiful, you two," Molly whispered in a low voice, moving to stand next to Kasper proudly.Eric glanced down at the bundle in his wife's arms and with a slightly shaking hand, peeled back the swaddling and finally saw a tiny head, no bigger than an orange, peeking out from underneath the white blankets. The little head was covered in damp, dark black hair, just like his."This is our daughter, Eric," Ariel whispered hoarsely. Eric nodded numbly and pulled up a chair and sat down, Ariel moving their baby closer so he could see her face. Little blue-grey eyes peeked out at the new world in wonder. Her lips were pale pristine pink, like her mother's and in Eric's eyes, perfect, and Eric thought their baby's mouth and nose and chin were like Ariel's. While the thick tuft of black hair was all him, and her blue-grey eyes that came from both of her parents."She looks like you, Ariel," was the first thing Kasper said, slinging an arm around Molly's shoulder and pulling her close, pressing an affectionate kiss to her damp forehead.Ariel shook her head weakly but jovially."I think she's like Eric," she whispered, putting her hand in the blanket and drawing out a tiny, fisted hand with affection.Eric put his finger on it, stroking the brand-new skin with such a delicate tenderness as if their daughter were made of the finest china, that she'd shatter upon the first contact. The tiny fingers splayed out as if greeting her father. She had long fingernails.Molly clasped her hands together in excitement, breaking Eric out of the musings of his daughter's fingers."What's her name?" Molly asked eagerly."Well…" Ariel said thoughtfully, looking down at the precious bundle in her and Eric's arms, glancing sideways at her husband out of the corner of her eye for confirmation. "I thought…maybe Melody…if it was a girl. Mother always used to say if she had another daughter, she'd have named her Melody.""Melody," Eric said slowly, letting the name roll languidly off his tongue as he tested the name.Ariel nodded, collapsing her head back against the pillow."She looks like a Melody to me," she said happily. She closed her eyes tired and soon, she was asleep. Eric took their daughter from Ariel's arms, letting his wife sleep soundly against the pillows, but not before pressing a gentle kiss to her brow and walking with Molly and Kasper to the door to see them out.As he stood out on the porch, his precious angel nestled in his arms, watching their friends disappear down the hallway to collect their son from Carlotta and Grimsby's chambers, Eric thought his life was finally truly perfect.And he would not change a thing for the world.This child, the product of their love, was the most precious thing that Eric ever held in his arms. He was now truly ready to be a father to his little girl and knew without a shadow of doubt in his mind, that Ariel would be the best mother ever.With a soft smile, he turned and went back inside, gently closing the door behind, knowing he would see Molly and Kasper in a day or two. This he knew.But for now, he was content to spend the rest of the night by Ariel's side, his daughter in his arms, until the little family fell asleep nestled in each other's arms, the rain pattering outside the window as a storm rolled in, quickly lulled the proud new parents soundly to sleep.
  Epilogue
THE child ran barefoot through the sand, delighted by the feeling of the grains of sand between the webs of her little toes. To her bright blue eyes, the crystals of the water sparkled, inviting her to wade. A child of the ocean, yes, but also of warmth, of golden sunlight that could only come from the lands above, courtesy of the human and merfolk blood that coursed through her veins. The little girl looked to the sky as a seagull began its descent, likely having spotted a fish. She turned and headed back the way she'd come. It wouldn't be long before one of the servants came looking for her. Or worse,Grandpa. Her grandfather, the King of the Atlantic Ocean, King Triton, could be…humbling in his quiet worry, though he was gruff around the edges, he doted on his only granddaughter, just as he did Mother, or so he was fond of saying.But she was fine she was, she knew Ipswich was her home, the land and the sea that surrounded her home. She'd spent days and weeks and months and years of her life here, the half-human and half-mermaid that she was, and hardly anybody batted an eye at the girl who could pass for a human.She was eager to get back, her tummy rumbling, reminding the little Princess that she had not eaten, hoping to spot any signs of her godfather, Uncle Killian, though he wasn't her uncle, not really, and her Aunt Hope, but they were as good as. She hoped they would tell her the story again of the voodoo priestess in the Caribbean they had met, a goddess of the sea, Calypso, who had healed her aunt's awful sickness in exchange for Aunt Hope's necklace. Now that they were back, she couldn't wait to hear their stories, and she knew Mama and Papa missed them too.Auntie Hope had promised to teach her needlepoint, while Uncle Killian promised to teach her, against Papa's chagrin, how to properly handle a sword and learn how to fight. Little Melody wondered if Chef Louis would have a cup of pumpkin soup (her favorite) or a crust of old bread or rind of Brie cheese she could gnaw on until suppertime. The kitchens, aside from the beach, were some of her favorite places.And where sometimes, Mama would forsake propriety and help Louis in the kitchens and will dollop a smidge of flour on her child's nose before shoving a spoon coated in cookie dough into Papa's face, saying that surely one bite won't hurt him.And where Papa would raise an eyebrow at Mama before leaving in a huff to discuss something with Grandfather, usually some new trade agreement between the peoples of the land and his people of the sea. (But where sometimes, Mama would follow Papa out the door, her cookie dough laden spoon in her hand. And where, when Papa thought no one else was looking, Prince Eric would take a small bite, a tiny smile tugging his thin lips upward as he placed a chaste but gentle kiss on his wife's hand, whispering, "My love.")Melody flinched, having spotted Mother in the distance, though Mother was getting closer approached cautiously, biting down on her bottom lip, and looking up towards Mama with raised eyebrows, all the while trying to make her face look as innocent as possible. "You look very pretty today, Mama. How is your tea?" she squeaked in a breathless sounding voice, her gaze drifting down to the cup clutched tightly in Mother's hands. She wasn't lying to her mother when she said her mother did look very pretty in a simple yellow dress, earrings glittering from her ears, and her luscious red hair that Melody had always secretly been jealous of (why couldn't her hair be red too?), was pulled up into a loose messy bun, a few tendrils had escaped and framed her face."You weren't at lunch, and Grimsby told me you've run off again," Ariel scolded, attempting to sound firm, though as she looked out towards the beach, her expression softened, to Melody's relief. She chuckled and shook her head. "I guess I shouldn't be too surprised. You've too much of your mother in you, my love. My little mermaid. You've surprised all of us, especially me, at every turn since, Melody. You were a miracle that none of us were sure would happen. We knew it was possible, we dreamed of you, of course. But there was always a fear in our minds, like an ugly snake hissing in our ear, a voice in our heads that our types of blood wouldn't mix, and we would never have a child of our own one day. We kept hope though, and I prayed to your grandfather and the other gods often enough. Some nights, your father and I would lay in bed and muse what a child of ours would look like. Would it be a boy or girl? My nose or his? Would you have our eyes? Would your hair be black like his or would it be red like mine?" Ariel chuckled as she reminisced."Am I then, Mama?" The little girl inquired, her blue eyes facing down at her lap, a fiery heat scorching her cheeks. "What you and Papa imagined I'd be?"Her mother smiled softly, kissing her daughter's hair, and squeezing her even closer. "You are beyond anything your father and I could ever imagine, sweetheart. You're exactly who you're meant to be, Mel. Black hair, bare feet, wild hair and all that," she teased lightly. Her mother paused and rested her lips against her daughter's head, smoothing down her black strands. "You've got a strong spirit and an even stronger heart, the firm, unbreakable heart of a mermaid, my little love, and the intelligence and wit of a human. It's been my honor, the greatest gift I could think of, to be your mother. I've loved you from the moment I knew I was pregnant with you and every moment since then. Papa too. I just wish I had a way to show you his face when he realized I was pregnant with you," her mother giggled, and her daughter joined in with a lopsided little grin.Melody scrunched her nose. She could only imagine the look on her father's face, somehow blank and stoic, but showing shock or maybe even wonder at how their joining had conceived her."Your father and I love you exactly just as you are, love," her mom continued, her expression solemn. "And for who you are, our little girl, who'd spend every day in the ocean if we both let you, Mel.""I love you, Mama," Melody whispered, squirming, and turning into her mom's side, holding herself close. "I'm sorry I left Master Grimsby behind. I didn't feel like studying my lessons."Ariel nodded, showing that she understood her daughter's restlessness."I know. You don't need to explain yourself. But you're going to have to make it up to him tomorrow by sitting through extra lessons. And you might want to put on some shoes before going back inside, sweetheart. And change your clothes, they're wet. We can't have you getting sick so close to your birthday." Ariel's bright sky-blue eyes twinkled with anticipation and growing excitement.The little girl stiffened, her blue eyes shooting wide open as she pulled back to crane her neck up to look into her mother's smiling face and knowing blue eyes."Are Uncle Killian and Aunt Hope back?" she squeaked with delight, jumping to her feet to better look her mom full in the face, warmth spreading through her chest as her mother eagerly nodded."Yes, love. Their ship got back ten minutes ago. Your father is upstairs waiting in your room for you. He's been hoping you'd come up and say hello."Their daughter gasped in delight and took off at a run, bolting for the stairs. Her father was finally home! He'd been away on business involving a neighboring kingdom and their trading exports, leaving poor Melody to count the days when Papa would return home to them.She was still out of breath as she skidded in front of the door a few minutes later with clean stockings and fresh boots."Hi, Papa!" she gasped out, nearly rushing the two short words. "I—I'm so glad you made it back!"Father looked up from the parchments he'd been pouring over and met his young daughter's gaze, taking the five-year-old in.Though his lips didn't quite curl upwards (they so rarely did), Melody knew he was laughing."I thought we'd take a walk along the beach this evening with your aunt and uncle now that they're back from the Caribbean, but it seems you have no time for your father, Little One," Eric said hoarsely, pretending to feign hurt feelings as he frowned at her."I didn't know you and Uncle Killian and Aunt Hope were coming back today!" she protested, stomping her foot and sticking out her bottom lip in an adorable little pout. "Mama and Carlotta said you would be gone for three more days, that somebody needed your help, Papa!""Humph." A dark shadow flitted across the handsome Prince's. "The Courts were boring me, so I came home a few days early, wanting to be with you and your mother for your birthday, dear heart, it's not every day my princess turns six," Eric murmured. He stood up from the edge of the bed and rolled his neck to crack it, looking down just enough to look his young daughter in the eye. "I think you'll need your stockings again. I'll wait for you downstairs. We're taking Max for a walk, love."The little girl gave a soft squeal of delight and ran to her bedroom (again) to change (also for a second time.) Though before she could barrel her way down the stairs and take the steps two at a time, the unmistakable sound of her father clearing his throat caused Melody to pause and turn to look.He beckoned her closer with a flick of his finger, and she dashed back to him and wound her arms around his legs lovingly. He smiled and whispered."As far as your mother is concerned, Melody, I gave you a hearty scolding about slipping away from Master Grimsby, do you understand?"Melody nodded furiously, and Eric kissed his princess's forehead."Go on then. And don't forget your shoes. Your mother's going to be quite cross with me if she catches you barefoot in the sand without them twice in one day, it's getting colder out as night falls," he said."I won't, Papa!" Melody giggled and raced toward her room.And she wouldn't forget her boots, even if they'd only end up discarded. Because her father might have been Prince of these lands, but Mama was his Princess, and her golden sunlight and hot-blooded mermaid pride overruled his authority every time.At least, about making Melody wear her boots outside in the sand… 
  